HTTP 1.2 is an April fools joke . No, Telnet does not, in fact, intercept any character sequences unless when connecting to the telnet port (port 23). Right, the interactive escape character. That's easily fixed with "telnet -E". That is, echo -e "test\035help" | telnet -E www.google.com 80 will not give any help text output. (I was, in fact referring to telnet option negotiation which will not happen if not using the telnet port. Since the escape character for interactive use is so easily remedied, it did not occur to me to consider it a problem.) Personally, I prefer the Securing Debian Manual http://www.debian.org/doc/manuals/securing-debian-howto/ Nitpick; "shred" is a better alternative to "srm", since "shred" is always installed. This is a silly and possibly stupid idea, and calling it "Metric" does metricification a huge disservice by associating it with these kinds of foolish notions. > I came to say this. Ideally, my computer would do what I want and only what I want. This doesn't always work out, such as in the cases of multiple users or malware [...] Or Javascript. Or non-free software. Since FSF for years has had (and still have) lawyers advising them that this is indeed the case, what is your authority to claim otherwise? Or, in other words, citation needed. > [...] FSF is clearly the only group that believes this [...] So, it should be no trouble for you to provide a citation from an legal authority which states otherwise? Note: Sweden does not have total darkness for half of the year. Firstly, 85% of Sweden is below the arctic circle, and does get daylight every day. Secondly, the 15% that is above the arctic circle is the most remote and least populated part of Sweden. Thirdly, even above the arctic circle in wintertime, it seldom actually gets dark as you might imagine; the sun is just below the horizon much of the time, and you merely get a sort of twilight/early morning light. Meanwhile, in Europe, RIPE ran out of IPv4 a year ago[1], and people have been happily implementing IPv6 ever since. In Sweden, there is a government directive[2] that all state infrastructure should implement IPv6 and DNSSEC by this year (2013) at the latest. 1) https://www.ripe.net/internet-coordination/ipv4-exhaustion 2) http://www.regeringen.se/sb/d/15234/a/177127 It would also be completely useless, as implementing the reassignment would dwarf the cost of moving to IPv6. No, if everybody maxes out a 1 Gbps line, the ISPs will invest in faster networks. See, you'd like to think so. You'd like to think that there's an easy solution not involving you, because it would mean you don't have to do anything or learn anything new. However, as pointed out in many other comments in this thread, this (and many other knee-jerk reaction "solutions") won't actually work, or would be significantly more expensive than implementing IPv6. It's been on the horizon for nearly 20 years. It's coming soon now. The IPv4 end is nigh. Repent! No, such a thing does not exist. At least not automatically. There are stories[1] about large corporations getting complaints from end customers in Asia about not being reachable - and it turns out the customers only have IPv6. IPv4 FAIL. (Note: APNIC ran out of IPv4 addresses more than two years ago [2], and has had rapid internet expansion in the mean time. Asians are heavy IPv6 adopters.) Such a thing you imagine could conceivably be implemented, but it would be an extra thing for the IPv6-only ISPs to implement, and they do not have the incentive to do so. The current companies with servers do have an incentive to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, and are the only parties who can reasonably solve the situation, by implementing IPv6. 1) https://www.iis.se/blogg/ipv6-nar-sent-inforande-kostar-peng... (Swedish) 2) https://www.apnic.net/publications/news/2011/final-8 The entire internet infrastructure (backbone routers, etc.) is already using IPv6, so the cost of implementing IPv6 is, by now, entirely on the end-site side. You should also include a number of additional cost of reassignment, including growth of routing table size. I'm sorry to inform you that apparently your ISP, your workplace and your university are all either lazy, lying, or both. Implementing IPv6 takes, maybe, a few weeks if you have many servers and a large internal network. If all you have is a webserver which you want to be reachable by IPv6-only customers, an interim solution (tunnel) can be implemented in a few minutes. You might think such a scheme is "requisite", but the fact remains that there is insufficient incentive for the ISPs to do them, and they plainly don't do them, as my cited example shows. You can assign blame however you like, but it won't help your IPv6 customers/users to reach your servers. If you have experience with Asian ISPs, could you then maybe report on how common it is for them to have IPv6-only versus IPv6-plus-transition-mechanism? This data would be better than my anecdotal story about an unnamed company, so please provide any you have. Right, a Gmail address. Like he should write anything sensitive there. http://www.potaroo.net/ispcol/2013-08/when.html Currently the estimate indicates September 2014. > authors can't do anything substantial or meaningful without making it a job(and needing money to do it). Citation needed, please. If people switch from GCC to Clang/LLVM in enough numbers that Apple think they can get away with it, Apple will, in a heartbeat, close the development of Clang/LLVM and make all new versions proprietary. Not with a modern browser with SNI. This transmits the host name in the initial unencrypted portion of the SSL connection. @dorolow, your comment is dead because it used the auto-banned word "mast?rb?tion" (uncensored). FYI. More petty than pithy (or pity), I think. Found an english version of the directive (PDF): http://www.government.se/content/1/c6/18/19/14/70f489cb.pdf Page 40, Actions , first paragraph: “In addition, all authorities should make use of DNSSEC and be reachable with IPv6 by 2013.” Try it and see. I fail to see how what Snowden has done has promoted world peace. The Nobel Peace prize is not (recent awardees notwithstanding) a we-like-you prize. It's supposed to be about world peace , and I just don't see how Snowden has advanced that particular goal. Or am I just dense? I did say “recent awardees notwithstanding”. I'm sorry, I still don't see the link between "[curbing] government abuses" and "promoting peace". What is the link? Freedom, yes, but peace ? That's disgusting. I knew that. It's still disgusting. “Anything you do will be insignificant, but it is vitally important that you do it .” Someone could take apart such a switch once and verify that it works, and then tell everyone else who owns such a device. With software, this is very hard, and when software can be updated at any time it is impossible. The link shown in the screenshot is http://uj3wazyk5u4hnvtk.onion/ but I thought TPB's "TOR hidden service" link was http://jntlesnev5o7zysa.onion/ . I wonder what's going on. But that was my point; both sites look like TPB. Which is the real one and which is a potentially logging proxy? OK, none. But at least the real one has a proven history of not injecting malware. Or something, I don't know. Logging was just an example of what a malicious middleman might do. “Tell it to the jusdge.” Obvious cheap shot is obvious. I think the problem is the title - it sets up high expectations. When it turns out that an ordinary store-bought racing bike would have worked just as well, and the high speed is reached not by the bike being special, but by drafting behind a car, then the disappointment sets in. If the story had been "Guy builds racing bike from scratch, goes drafting with it just to see what it can do", then it would have been the cool inspiring story of the hacker spirit. But now it wasn't - it was framed. The Youtube video is only the first hour. The real video is two and a half hours. That would be a Lisp Machine or a Smalltalk environment. It's looking for prime numbers. If you do not know why you are doing it, then you will not do either. You mean, as long as they can't be updated period . The data is stored somewhere. It's stored in the cache memory of all the routers in between. Perhaps. But even if no-one would pay money for a direct software download/package, this does not preclude sponsorship of companies to free software projects they wish to be more developed. Indeed, there are many such large projects. As long as we're trading comic links - it can also be used as perimeter defense. http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff100/fv00014.htm or as a method for private communication http://freefall.purrsia.com/ff800/fv00751.htm What a veiled FUD. If you doubt the text, check the references . And this is the real reason why museums don't allow photography. Facebook does, in fact, require you to log in to see a lot of content. This may be due to mistaken settings on the content by its uploader, but that's more or less irrelevant. When I follow a link to a Facebook page about a person or event or something, the chances are about 50/50 that I'll simply see a "please log in" box. I thought this would be about the dangers of not checking for integer overflow. I struggled to come up with a method which, in C, safely converts a string to an integer type. I finally did it¹, but I've yet to see someone else use this method. 1) http://stackoverflow.com/a/542833/54435 I'm thinking that most simply don't have the intelligence connections to endure the blackmail game. But is it any good at those problems? Not entirely fictional. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moskstraumen “But let us raise a toast to all our bombers, all our bastards, most unlovely and most unforgivable, let's drink their health… …then meet with them no more.” — V For a while I thought you meant Seymour Cray, or one of the supercomputers he designed and built. Was it so hard to type one letter in support of readability? Or is "cray" its own word now? I was aware of this, but was genuinely confused for a few moments, since I would have hoped that a reference to Seymour Cray was more likely on this forum than such, as you put it, “vernacular” forms of expression. The top level servers (for .com in this case) has A (and/or AAAA) records for the name servers to prevent this kind of catch-22. These out-of zone records are called glue records . Well, as he said, “Spin doctoring is no substitute for substance.”. I suggest you try it again. It's not nearly as slow now as it once was. Occasionally you get a slow path. If this happens and you're in a hurry, just press the "New Identity" button to get a new random path. It usually works. It's called "StopIteration", not "StopIterationError", because it is not an error . does not do anything, even inside a . — (President) Youth, with its enthusiasms, which rebels against any accepted norm because it must, and we sympathize. It may wear flowers in its hair and bells on its toes, but when the common good is threatened, when the functioning of society is endangered, such revolts must cease! They are non-productive, and must be abolished! [...] — (President) Guilty! Read the charge! — (Delegate) The prisoner has been charged with the most serious breach of social etiquette: Cultural defiance of the elementary laws which sustain our community. Questioning the decisions of those we voted to govern us. Unhealthy aspects of speech and dress, not in accordance with general practice. And the refusal to observe, wear, or respond to his number! (Quotes from “The Prisoner”, Episode 17, “Fall Out”, 1967) The official documentation is really quite excellent. I think you are confused — at no time are any files passed as arguments in the command "find . | wc -l". Also, to count the number of files in a directory, you need to do readdir(), which will get you the names. Then, to see if any of them are directories to be recursed into you need to stat() the names individually. This is all "find" does. How , I'd very much like to know, is this "a nasty hack"? You apparently think that "commercial" and "making money from software" must, must mean "proprietary" and "closed source" software. RMS and the FSF disagree strongly with this and see no inherent conflict between the two. Either you didn't know and were honestly ignorant, or you were deliberately trying to confuse the issue. Now you've changed the subject from " Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software " to " [...] it's very challenging to make money off open source software ", which is a separate point entirely. Just like pentesters are good and competent at breaking security but might not necessarily be good designers of secure software or systems. The Gruntmaster 3000 The title “Cocktails for programmers” gives me the same feeling as would the phrase “Leaf blowers for stamp collectors”. Yes, a stamp collector might use a leaf blower, but it would not be relevant to collecting stamps. On the contrary, using a leaf blower while collecting stamps would be… inadvisable. These conferences are not supposed to be maximizing the "fun" factor for the attendees. The conferences are, first and foremost supposed to be useful for collaboration and networking in their stated field . > you can't force people to sit down and talk nodejs with you if they want to drink instead. Apparently, if you give most technical conference attendees the option (and venue, drinks, transport, etc), they will opt for going drinking in environments not suited for conversation. If this happens, I interpret it as a failure of the conference organizers. Why? Because their job is to organize a conference , not a party. If they want to leave some time for people to party (or pray, or go skinny-dipping, or windsurfing, etc.), then they can do so. However, to actively encourage people to be non-networking and to not talk (usefully) about the actual conference topic is, in my view, an anti-pattern of conferences. If you give conference attendees the option to have that much fun, they will take it and go party instead of, you know, networking and discussing the conference topic with their professional peers. This, to me, is not a successful outcome of a conference. (I think you are reading into my comment something I did not write. I do not know what you think my "idea of a conference" would be.) I have tried to have technical conversations at parties and in bars with people I know to be interested in and knowledgeable in the topic. It's basically impossible. Firstly, the loud music and other conversation makes it very hard to hear what they're saying, and the things said therefore tend to be simplified into what can be said simply in short words. Secondly, they are often drunk and/or more interested in talking about beer or something than the topic they presumably are at the conference to advance. This is, of course, understandable; they're not expecting to have anything whatsoever to do with the conference topic at the party, since nobody else is, either. Thirdly, there are no whiteboards to use as discussion aids. It's also quite dark, and it's often cramped so you can't easily show somebody something by moving around. Basically, bars and party rooms are not exactly conducive to productive discussions. (In the past there would also be no internet and, further back, no computers, but that has thankfully become a non-issue these days.) This gives us four possibilities: 1. This geared creature must be considered part mechanical. A cyborg, if you will. 2. A "gear" is no longer (and was never) a "mechanical" device, but instead an organic one. Using gears is no longer (and was maybe never) doing mechanics. 3. Whether something is mechanical or organic depends on the process which created it. This is the "colored bits" or "patent" view. (If I build something using intuition instead of reason, am I no longer doing mechanics?) 4. A gear is no longer (and was never) either mechanic or organic, and is simply a physical process. The whole "mechanical" and "organic" division is a false dichotomy. > You are saying that conferences should not be like parties, because conferences are not like parties Not quite. What I am saying is that conferences and parties have different goals. The goal of a conference is to advance the field. The goal of a party is to have fun. The goal of a conference is not advanced by organizing a party, nor is the goal of a party advanced by organizing a conference. A conference can (and perhaps should ) have many elements of a party in it — evening social activities, perhaps even in a bar where alcolhol (gasp!) is consumed. All of this may be perfectly fine. But, these activities should be organized with the goal of the conference in mind. However, what many conference organizers seem to do is fill the days with talks, (while minimizing the time between talks to fit as many as possible), and then on the evenings they try to organize the best party they can think of. The best party , mind you, not the best socializing activity , which might have advanced the networking in the field, but the best party , whatever the tastes of the organizers and/or the prospective attendees. This makes the conference a series of undiscussed talks in the daytime, followed by a series of usually pounding party keggers at night. The talks can be watched at home if they are filmed, and the parties can be had locally, too. There is no reason to attend these kinds of conferences. Unless, of course, you are already connected and go to any number of conferences a year and meet all the same people — your party buddies. I still think you see me through some kind of tinted shades which makes you think I am saying things I am not saying. However, I have run out of ideas on how to explain myself in yet other ways. EDIT: I think now that we are having a word definition debate here. When you say that “many conferences aren't like that“, then I would call those themed parties, not conferences. Yes. But if the socialising and drinking activities are not organized to be conducive to networking, then it's a party with no benefit to the goals of the conference. See my comment here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376546 where I already agreed that “a conference can (and perhaps should) have many elements of a party in it”. An analogy might help: If people like more sugar in their food, and adding sugar to it increases sales, then what we ultimately will get is not food, but candy, labeled "Food". Therefore, even giving paying customers what they not only ask for, but actually do want, might still not be a good idea. I think you are doing the same faulty comparison you made with board games in another comment. The purpose of all those activities (party, board games, bowling) is to have fun . I'm saying that the very definition of a conference is that it has a different goal. Conferences can (and should , by all means possible) be as fun as possible, but with the goal of the conference taking slight precedence . Since having a party-like atmosphere will make people come to the conference, by all means conferences should have them. But one should keep in mind that the party-like atmosphere does not obscure or negate the purpose of the conference in the first place. Wow, that old clip. I seem to recall that floating around the Internet even before the time of YouTube. Nice to finally see it in a decent resolution, though! ☺ You seem to be making the same point as untog did in this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6376678 Therefore, see my reply to untog's comment. Well, I guess it comes down to what the definition of “conference” is, I suppose. I'm very much reminded of these: http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-things-nobody-tells-you-about-... http://www.cracked.com/blog/the-5-stupidest-habits-you-devel... http://www.cracked.com/blog/4-things-politicians-will-never-... Especially the last one. EDIT: Fixed last link Fixed, thanks. (I meant to post three links, but I mistakenly posted one of the links twice instead.) There's a problem starting such a collective (which is, in effect, what you are proposing): Housing. To have many people live together, you need square footage (or m², for metric people). This necessitates a large apartment or house. Such a thing, (if not bought outright, ha, ha, just kidding), will be expensive. The landlord will need a single legal person to be responsible for the paying of this rent, and own the lease. And I think we can assume from our premise that none of the individuals in question will have anything close to the sort of documented income or credit history to make any sensible landlord agree to the lease. “My friends will totally chip in to pay the rent!” is just not going to work. So there's a bootstrapping problem which I think is mostly insurmountable. Which is a shame, because it's a good plan, otherwise. This is in university areas, with many students, I assume. In those areas, the large masses of students have made landlords open to this kind of arrangement, and they are used to dealing with students and their… special… economic situation. But try it in a non-university town where non-students vastly outnumber the students? I don't think so. The landlord has everything to risk and nothing to gain by doing strange and unfamiliar things. If they have even heard of the practice, it's only for students, in student-dense areas, in housing long used in this way, with all the features (internal locks for each room, etc.). Why would they risk their nice house when they can just rent to somebody else? I think you lucked out and found “absentee landlords”. I can't see these things being commonly accepted practice among landlords — as you say, your neighbors hated you and you were far from the norm in the area. But just because you lucked out doesn't mean that it's just as easy for someone else, in another area. To actually create something like this on purpose, somewhere close to where you happen to have gotten a good job? That is hard. Evolved creatures are a strange mix of clever hacks and design-by-committe horrors. http://threepanelsoul.com/2010/07/05/on-design-by-committee/ I did not invent the nonsense, it was implied by the existence of the article itself. If this flea had used some hitherto unknown chemical reaction, there would have been no article. But use a toothed gear-like structure instead, and suddenly it's an article and a post to HN, no less. This implies that it's something special with gears, which I tried to assume in my comment. I tried to present the inherent contradiction in assuming that gears are special by arguing from the reluctant viewpoint of someone who thinks it is true. Many commenters seemed to think I was asking a question of which of the possibilities was the correct one, and (correctly) answered that the fourth one was correct. This was not my intent, I merely wanted people to reflect on the possibilities and come to their own conclusion. Interesting. I would guess that the general economics have forced the landlords to accept and perhaps even promote this scheme, as it's the only was they can find a market for their services. I wonder if this acceptance will keep once the economics changes? If that's the case, why hasn't this naturally occured everywhere? Why only in Australia and for students in university towns? Things like grocery stores tend to be further away in the US, thereby costing more fuel to get to. “And a very small percentage of readers feel convinced that the furor is resulting from people not realizing that the host is opening a losing door on purpose. (But they haven’t read my mail! The great majority of people understand the conditions perfectly.)“ — Marilyn vos Savant Data analysis, maybe? You completely (again!) ignored his question about where you get your data from. That was extremely rude of you. The Computer is your friend. One thing this site is also “about” is that things should scale . Which this method of dealing with the above-mentioned problem does not .