Exactly, Dawdle cant forever buy used games for $40 and do nothing with them, they'd bankrupt. This is not real money multiplier (like in bank), because "new" money is not created "from air" but taken from other place. So, for each used game bought by Dawdle either: a) Dawdle lose $40 b) Dawdle sells this game to someone (in which case this is exactly the same situation like in case of GameStop) For Dawdle to survive amount of cash lost by unsold used games must be smaller than amount of cash earned by selling new and used games (only count margins there, not full prices). Still - either Dawdle bankrupt, or somebody is going to buy that used game from them (at least high percent of that used games). PS. I wish them all the best, but these charts and description using words like money multiplier is just Wrong (tm) :) magic net add is: to give somebody $40 for used game you must take it from somebody. For example by selling a new or used game to somebody. This is not shown in lower chart, but is shown in upper chart. So in upper chart money are circling in closed environment(GameStop even takes some money out of it), while in lower chart there is some money coming from outside. That is why these charts are meaningless. You said your company has incentive to sell new games, because margin is bigger. OK, but if that is case, why at all you buy used games? Are you not planning to sell them? Enigma was really cracked in Poland years before WWII. Then after German invasion Polish mathematicians moves to France, then to Great Britain, and here continue work. It always makes me sad when people forget about their ingenious work, and in Hollywood films it always looks like all that was done by English speaking people. Sources: http://www.enigmahistory.org/enigma.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_machine I've always been shy and had troubles with relations with other people. I've met my wife by chance, and it was miracle that she didn't put me down when I've told her repeatedly "I'm so boring, really, let's speak about you" on our first "date" :). I was expecting women will appreciate that I'm so humble etc. It turns out they just thought I'm really boring, if I say so myself. So this is lesson number one - don't assume women will appreciate that you are humble. Still - my wife somewhat endured my "I'm so humble and nice etc" talk, and we're married now, so there is a chance to everybody :) So - lesson number 2 is - when you meet right kind of person at right moment in life, it is really difficult to screw things up. So be yourself and don't worry - your time will come. Just remember to be open to new people and new experiences. PS when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" It is often the case that the worst outcome is exactly the same that if you don't do anything. So expected value is higher than 0 :). For me it helped a lot. Hey, you smart Americans, left our smart women to us :) You haven't work with that many languages, have you :) >>> x = 3 + "7" What type should be x now: int or str ? Also: "10" is lesser than "2" but 10 is greater 2. Should (3 + "7") > 2 return true ? Such automatic conversions forces you to remember many arbitrary rules, and when you forget it, you have bug that shows later. It's easier to just write that str() (or use operator %). Poster asked why he has to type print "x="+str(x). I assumed he would like to just type print "x="+x. For that code to work str.__add__(self,x) should accept int as parameter x. If that was the case, then "3" + 7 would return "37" (ok, I've thought it will be "10", my bad :)), but 7 + "3" would still cast exception. So + would be not symmetric. And imagine, what if people could just go to library, and just read a book, without paying anything. That would be collapse of civilisation as we know it. Are functions first class objects in Nimrod, because I couldn't find function type in manual(pointers to function isn't what I mean :)). I've nerver understanded why exactly english metric system, date formating, and naming of big numbers is so inconsistent. When you write date, you have to natural way - from the the least significant bit:) to the most, and the other way around. And Americans use month/day/year. Perfectly intuitive :) Likewise - in long scale system there is simple rule - next name for big number is 10^3 times bigger. Indian system is also consistent, but mixing this is just crazy. And don't get me started about inches, feets etc. Still, I shouldn't complain - in my language there are three possible words for most of the nouns - for example: 1 jablko, 2-4 jablka, 5-21 jablek, 22-24 jablka, 25-31 jablek, 32-34 jablka, etc :) Of course then you have to conjugate every noun by apropriate case (one of 7). That's becouse old Polish had Singular, Plural and SomethingInBetweenWhichICantFindEnglishWordFor. So - embrace our diversity - scientist will use 10^n anyway. I've discovered, that communicating sth to "normal" people isn't more difficult because of programming. But it's sometimes less understandable what somebody is trying to say, when I'm in "strict thinking" mode. It's the same with switching between natural languages - I've once met foreigner in Poland in place where I wouldn't think he can be. He was talking to me in English for more than a minute before I've recognized that I must mentaly switch to English to understand him :) I think social contacts are difficult for programmers, because programming does not require listening to anybody. I can't see why this crisis is so different from other depressions in last 20 years. It's sad that it happens, but anyway it's better than what other (non capitalistic) systems have to offer. Also - nobody in his right mind would propose system with no rules at all. It's not what capitalism is about. Capitalism just says - rules should be clear, the same for everybody and the fewer rules we have, the better. But some are neccesary. I live in Poland, and here this crisis looks much better than last two (I mean - we have now below 13% unemployment, and for most of last 20 years it was sth like 17%). I think it's because our National Bank was always very strict when it comes to controlling commercial Banks market. I don't see controlling banks as violation of capitalism - it's more like Banks are ugly hack on capitalism to make profits bigger (making money from nothing:). And when you use ugly hacks, sometimes there are bugs. PS. it's interesting, if banks (I mean modern style banks - lending money they don't have) are good for society in the long term? This photorealism makes new games very boring artistic-wise. Old games with hand-drawn graphic had some artistic value in them, they made pepole imagine other worlds etc. Now it's just photorealism everywhere. I wonder, when game graphic dadaism and cubism will appear. Art is not about making more realistic copies. Right now I'm trying to learn clojure, and write 2d arcade game with it. I've encountered similar problems (almost everything should be passed almost everywhere), but I think this is actually good thing to choose what part of game can change what beforehand. My architecture (so far - it's in early planning stage): 2 threads (physic and logic thread going 10 Hz and graphic thread going as fast as it can drawing world) objects are struct-maps with fields position, animation frame, life etc (all fields are functions of time, and can change between physic thread turns, but not in one physic thread turn). Graphic thread just gets time and for each visible object draws it at current position (calculated from time by objects position function). So movement should be smooth and not dependent on frame rate. physic thread in response to player input calculates new functions for objects (only for X next turns). These new functions are encapsulated in event objects, that are added to events priority queue. On each turn (of physic thread) events for that thread are executed - each event takes set of game objects (not always all objects) and time and returns changed set of game ojects. In C++ this will be much easier to write at first (no hard thinking needed:)), but later it could become nightmare to change because of side effects. Most people using adblock I know disable it on sites they visit frequently, if that sites has reasonable ads. So do I. But when anything makes a new window, sound, or pop up without me wanting it, it means war. And adblock is for such pages. I know it's over the top, but it's to try sth different for once. Also - multithreading is because my earlier games was in one thread, and I've always had problems with consistent framerate - some frames was longer, some shorter. When I tried considering last frame duration as multipilier, game became not stable (too long frame and bullets will fly throught the wall, etc). And networked game is difficult to get right with nonuniform duration of frames. So I try to see if this will be better. What's for sure overenginered is using function of time instead of simple numbers for positions. But that is just to make it different. I'll use radix tree for dictionary, to speed up testing. For words (son, sun, so, sunny) it would be: root -> S -> O -> . \ \-> N -> . \-> U -> N -> . \-> N -> Y -> . Then - for each character in given string I'll make pointer pointing at root of dictionary tree. Then in loop I would advance down each pointer in turn, until it's no longer possible to go down the tree, or the until the characters for given pointer ended. When no pointer can be advanced, the pointer that gives longest word is the best. Everything has been done before :) Thanks, yes, I'll release it when it's ready. I think hools would just get scared and run away the moment first real bullet would be shoot. Also - helping "inferior" (in they opinion) races/nations? Not likely. So protest is right if people go to kill their government by themselves? And when they can't do it by themselves and call for help, this is treason even when they didn't wanted the government that rules them in the first place? Now that's black and whit simplistic view of world. Is the concept of treason even relevant when you live in a your country and somebody rules it without your (and other people living there) agreement? I mean - I live in Poland, after WW2 Soviet Union ruled here (ok, not directly but by proxy:), is treason of such proxy government really treason? For me it's heroism, because people in Poland didn't wanted that government in the first place. Also - for me peaceful revolution is better than blood bath revolution any time. w sf x sf2 y sf3 z is equivalent to sf3(sf2(sf(w,x),y),z) assuming left to right evaluation (and equal priorities of operations). Trees of operations: w sf x sf2 y sf3 z w-sf1-sf2-sf3 | | | x y z sf(w,sf2(x,sf3(y,z))) sf1-sf2-sf3-z | | | w x y You can permutate w,x,y,z in these trees - I was sure this will give the same expressions, but now I'm not. Interesting question. Edit: oh, so you wanted to permutate functions, not arguments. Then it won't give the same expressions. I've tried version with 3 arguments (x,y,z) and 2 functions (+,/), and these two aproaches are not equivalent. For example: /(x,+(y,z)) has no equivalent expression that can be made from x f1 y f2 z if you permutate arguments or substitute functions (f1=/ f2 = +) or (f2=+ f1=/) because / binds stronger than +. Impressing people might have something to this :) At least I'm impressed. Law system contains natural numbers, so it has by definition some expressions that can't be evaluated :) About math books: because in math space can mean multiply: f(ax - 1 b - 3 c y z) is not as clear as f(ax - 1, b - 3 c, y, z). I thint this thing would be very useful even if not connected to web. If it could write everything to disk, not to web. Of course - volume of its memory will have to be enormous. Also - it has to encrypt data with private key, and public key will be safe in home, so nobody can see your whole life when you will lost this thing, or sbd will steal it. About crime prevention etc - there should be button that starts sending all data to police without encrypting it in real time. I would buy one. I was buing computer a few years ago (was a student then, so money/time coefficient was a lot bigger :)) , and tried to make it likewise - I've choosed components and went to trip over all computer shops near my flat. But every single shop I've been didn't have a few components that I've choosen, so I couldn't simplify decision to only one variable. I've even thought that they may do it so I can't compare prices. Code is not the avatar - it is the knowledge and memories (probably written in form of a big blob of neural net coefficients) that makes a concious being. Each time the game is restarted there would be new beings in it (unless their data is saved between games somewhere). Erasing knowledge and memories of such AI would be analog to killing, and it will become problem, because throwing out data is easier, and writing you enemies to DVD after each game of Quake 10 becouse of moral issues will be problematic after some time. Try eclipse + plugin to write in clojure - it gives you interactive console to explore clojure. Download eclipse, then install: http://code.google.com/p/counterclockwise/wiki/Documentation Also, the bottleneck is memory access, not cpu power, so optimising for this or that cpu isn't that important after all. On the site there is info that batterylife is 1 year on "normal usage", whatever it means. If i was to buy it, it would be as a cheap ebook reader. But only if it will allow reading pdfs with images. I live in Poland, so maybe I'm not the right person to criticize your NHS, but from what my friends who live in GB say (and I have a lot of them:)) NHS is worse even than our polish NFZ. And man, does NFZ suck. It may be because in Poland NFZ is "tax and corruption" funded, so it has more money than only tax funded NHS. But - in Poland you goes to first contact doctor with regular cold, or head pain, or normal flu, and you have 100% chance of seing the doctor, and he probably will right away prescribe you some antibiotics and send you to tthe blood tests. In GB, I've heard, the first contact doctor is nurse in reality most of the times. And he/she will just prescribe you the painkillers and send you away, till it's something more serious. About flu - when you have really serious consequences after a flu it's because some bacteria get a "free ride" on your immunity system compromised by a virus, so antibiotics are sometimes good thing to take when having a flu. Still - I agree, doctors are prescribing them too often. Anyway - Polish emigrants (immigrants from you POV:)) are commonly returning to Poland to go to doctor, and that means it's in some ways better, so two way ticket is worth it. Sometimes they return to go to private doctors because private healthcare is much cheaper in Poland, but they also return to go to regular NFZ, and there must be a reason for that (maybe immigrants in GB are given worse treatment?). Anyway - http://polandian.home.pl/index.php/2008/09/24/english-patien... :) every single point of this paper is like description of my company (and we don't do medical systems). I had c-64 and one of the most frustrating memories from my childhood was that I couldn't get it to draw anything in a graphic mode. In manual the code to initiate graphic mode had error in it, or the manual was for different version of the computer, I still don't know. Anyway - 8-bit computers were superb "teach-yourself-programming" machines, but I think novadays kids have internet access, so they will manage :) PS. I would choose python + pygame to teach a kid graphic programming. It is simple, interpretted and has interactive console. Truly brave man. Another one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witold_Pilecki - "Polish James Bond" - he voluntered to go to Auschwitz in 1940, made reports about what happened there, organized resistance in camp, stolen some German documents and escaped when nobody wanted to try and attack the camp (he was trying to persuade Aliants and Polish Home Army to do that, but they thought it wouldn't work). Camps would be even better at holding soldiers if a few planes bombed them, and some millions of Jews/Poles/Russians/Gypsies/Ukrainians/Muslims/Homosexualists, and other "subhumans" would be free. Nazists would have to catch them again, make these camps defended better, fight with the people that were escaping, etc. The more chaos on enemy teritory, the better for me, right? They (England etc) just didn't believe raports about that camps, and anyway didn't cared that much about some Jews and Eastern Europeans. They showed the same in Jalta. Soviets only tell the people of this catastrophe, when independent scientists from Finland reported that radiation levels are unusually high, if they could, they would get away with this, no matter peoples' health. I wonder if this sugests that teaching in public schools is better, or that tests are prefering students that graduated public schools. For me it helps, when I can see effects of my work right now. I write games in my free time, and I've noticed, that if I overenginer and have to write architectural code for too long, I abandon the project. The faster there is sth to play with, no matter how simple, the better. So I first write graphics code, so there is sth on the screen, then some simple keyboard input module, that later will be replaced, just to be able to move character on screen. Then I can see if the idea was good, and if it's fun to play with it. If it's fun, improving (and playtesting:) it is very addicting, so I can finish the project. Also, IMHO, it's better to start with simple idea, and give it depth by polishing details, than to start with ambitious project in the first place. Iterative programming ftw :) For me this example is "for functional programming", not againist it - I mean, since when ease of using global variables is adventage ? You end with code that is hard to reason about. For me it's good, that making the code complicated to understand is hard. in the scatter plot this information is more clear to me, also - in the scater plot if I draw minimal squares line, I can immediately see the countries that are "better thhan average" and "worse than average" with their efficiency of healthcare. I would say - the craziness of bug is proportional to the number of the levels of abstraction that it takes from the source of bug to its effects. And that's why I don't like systems with > 2 layers (J2EE, I'm talking to you). I'm Polish, and I support using native languages, but it's fact - English is the lingua franca of software. About Linux - internationalization is done right here, in normal day to day usage it isn't needed to know English, but still the problem is with troubleshouting - the easier to google error message the easier it is to solve problem, and error messages in Polish are harder to google. In old times every error presented to user had an error code, that was constant across locales. I think this is very good convention - it helps with searching for informations about error without enforcing people to use software in locale that is not their native. BTW - other good convention for error messages is to include in every error message unique string that is also dumped to logs. That way it is later easier to match stacktraces in log files with error reports from users. In Eclipse IDE almost every Polish accented character "Alt + l, s,c,o,..." is made into keyboard shortcut, so every time I create a new workspace I have to manually change these shortcuts to other, not colliding with my language. And we do translations with Eclipse, so local characters are important. But that's the way it is, at least we don't have two kinds of I letter, like some ohter countries :) Like any templating engine I've seen - there are "for each", "if then else" etc. It's just matter of convention - designer should know what he can change, and what he cannot - lisp-encoded html is almost like normal html, and has the adventage of being compiled - some static checking can be done. When you extract data producing into functions only called b name in code that is emiting html it will lokk just like html template, and it has all the clojure power when it's needed. It only states that CL implementations are also buggy and slow :) 1. This assumes that judges (priests) are honest and neutral to the case, and doesn't believe in the intervention of God themselves. 2. This assumes people innocent in this case won't be afraid God won't help them because of theirs other sins (and who is not a sinner?). 3. I don't think people were that much religious then. I mean - sexually medieval people wasn't more puritanical than we are, why should we assume they were believing in God thah strong (to put hand in the fire etc). 4. How do we know ordeals worked? It's obvious that priests were describing their work in superlatives. And they were the most literate class then. I don't know any martial arts, but it reminds me of basketball - dribbling is exactly the same - every second you decide to start or not, you can make fake moves, and your oponent has to guess and react faster. And if his guess is wrong he allows you to pass him. Sometimes you can just feel the rythm in which oponent will react, and then passing him is easy and pleasurable at the same time. And looks cool. That's why I love basketball :) Strange, I had 0.267 with normal measures, and over 0.5 with surprise measure. Great news, comminucation is the most important thing. Here is the story boy that was unable to speak or contact with world and was considered "vegetable" by doctors, till he picked up a language BLISS from a teacher that was teaching some other child in his hospital room. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvpGLxU6fVY He is a poet now. Binary search in unbalanced tree with shorter branches to more frequently used letters will be probably best (this is really huffman coding, isn't it? Excel (and other spreadsheets) is nice purely functional language (when not using macros). Unfortunately it is abused to be database/statistical package/etc and at some point big spreadsheets doesn't scale and becomse pain to support. So it should be possible to export excel spreadsheet to haskell :) After the fall of USSR Rusia is in inconvenient position - it has to deal with Ukraine/Belarussia/Lativa to assure supplying Poland with Gas, and it has to deal with Poland to supply Gas to Western Europe. It was factor that played big role in relations between these states and Russia. For example - last year Russia stopped supplying gas, because Ukraine didn't wanted to pay for gas that is uesd only for making the pipe work. So because of Ukraine-Russia econo-war Poland didn't get the gas it paid for. Russia had to deal with Ukraine because of that. Russia often uses the pipes as economic weapon, and with the pipe beneath the Baltic sea it will be much worse - Russia will be in position to stop sending the gas to Ukraine, and nobody in Europe will give a damn. And Ukraine has many non resolved problems with Russia - like Russian ships in Crimea, big Russian "minority" in eastern regions, Ukraine wanted to NATO (or western part of it), and to UE. Now (after the blue one won) it all seems far, far away. Russia wanted Ukraine to be its "near abroad" - sth like colony. Gas pipe ommiting Ukraine will make it easier. Of course - Russia can do with Germany what they want, but there are many political, ecological and economical concerns. And that pipe will go not only throught Russia and Germany national waters. I only wanted to give the POV of the other side. For me the best thing you can get from university is the people you can talk with. Many smart people with good ideas. Ignore stupid/incompetent profesors, learn from the smart ones, talk with smart people and try to do sth great with them, later you won't have time to try new things. If there is some students' educational club (I don't know how to say this in English - students teach students about what interests them) - go to it, ask if you can help, start new class about functional programming or what interests you, if there aren't any - you'll learn much more from trying to teach others than you could learn by reading the book. I've met many great people that way, and made connections so in my 5th year of studies I got programming job , becaus people already working there knew I was good. PS - if you become used to "B"s then "C" will come, etc. I was "A" student without effort at first year, and have great difficulties later because I got used to having "A" with no effort. If I understand correctly this means we should just write small program that can learn which reactions to given stimuli of the program are good, and which aren't, based on history of signals and responses of the program that are known to be good. While interesting, I doubt it will do much to make programs more correct. Somebody has to tell the program that this new reaction is good, so you should learn it as an exception to the older rules, or it is wrong, and we have found a bug. Hmm, conducting heat well in one direction and not conducting it well in the other. Isn't it against thermodynamics? I mean - make two containers connected by that material, if it works as it is described - temperature gradient between these containers will grow with time. I wouldn't blame Russians - this is a simple adaptation that was required to survive in Russia/USSR for so long. People adapt, and Americans would, too. You were just lucky to have no tzars, no WW on your territory, and, the most important point - no communism. Communism degrades social trust, in Poland before the WWII we had very cultured and organised population, people were helping each other, etc. We had regained independence after over 100 years. Even 5 years into the WWII, there were uprising in Warsaw, many young people died for Poland, others were fighting in the England, Italy, on the far east. In the first 10 years of communism everybody that were active as partisant during the war were either in the jail, killed, has escaped from the country, or vere hiding in the forests. Then, communistic gov said if the remains of Armia Krajowa uncover, there will be now more killing. And of course they lied, like many times before and after that. After 45 years of communism people in Poland still don't trust each other. People are still gaming the system, current gov aren't helping, at least they are elected in honest elections. Regaining the trust of the people is work for many years, and without the trust gov can do anything with the people. I think in Russia it has to be even worse - they had communism for much longer, and before that they had just as corrupt system, only less deadly. @idlewords: yes, you are right, also there were big differencies between parts of Poland from Russia, Germany, and Austria. But my point was - social trust level was very high - in 1920 we have won war with ussr, we have had almost 1 million army made mainly from volunteers, there were many socal iniciatives helping people, etc. That athmosphere was lost during communism. PS I agree that Piłsudski regime that come later was bad for Poland. I'm always wery surprised, that for some people USSR and company was as good as "the West". I mean - ok, you were sending rockets to space, but at that time people in eastern block were many times less wealthy than people in the west, were less free, couldn't even choose the gov. It was not sustainable, without Gorbachev it would have ended the same, only later and probably more violent. When you build your civilization on power and military strength and keep people on your side without their consensus, it isn't surprising that you have to spend on military a lot. And when you add inefficient economy to the mix, it's obvious it will fail. Hm, in Poland before 1989 we had to vote "right", also we always had 98%-99% participation in elections. "Slightly" suspicious, isn't it? Now it's sth like 30-60%. About going with party career - yes, to have good job people even had to be in the party. What I mean by "less free" is - there was one real party, you had to accept party line to be politician, people couldn't choose other party. People couldn't go out of country without permission, and it was strictly controlled, who are allowed to travel where. Simply put it was totalitarian state. About the fall of the USSR: because in 1989 and later transferrable rubels were worth almost nothing, there were big inflation, satelitte countries were freeing themselves, and atomic war wasn't an option to anybody sane. It had to end that way. Also - why do people disallow characters such as ,./:;'"[{]}\|-_=+ in passwords on theirs sites. I can't understand this. I would understand banning non-ascii, but normal ascii characters should be allowed everywhere. Now every site allows different subset ot such characters, so every site forces user to have different password to it, if user wants non-alphanumerics in password. I would like to have 3 passwords - trash password for social sites, etc; better password for e-mail; and good password for important things. It would be managable. Thanks to arbitrary restrictions I have to remember many more passwords. Which is bad for security. Wouldn't it be a problem only if the same user that created a password with this character that isn't on some keyboard will then use this keyboard? I mean - users will probably use characters that are on their keyboards, or that they know how to generate. Why disallow characters when users choose them on their own? You should compare independent countries before the colonization with the same countries under colonial powers rule, not after the colonization. Many things people of countries that were colonies expriences are because of colonialism. Its like when doctor goes to the patient with chronic pain, gives him a painkiller and breaks his leg. While doctor is there patient feels no pain, after the doctors went away painkiller stops working, and the situation is even worse. You are too cruel to poor gcc. They are no useless, you just have to remember which combination of messages having nothing to do with your code could be caused by what sort of errors. Gcc makes sure we will remember these rules better by making it painful and thus more vivid in memories. Also - real fun begins, when you forgot semicolon after the class definition in your header, and error shows in different file. If guy understand that women needs this he can manage to listen and not give advices, and to not become frustrated with all these "unsolvable" problems. This is a matter of points of view - for men (esp. programmers) problem solving POV is the default, but they can switch to just listening from time to time, if the women doesn't charge them responsible for these problems. It works the other way too - if some "on the spot advice" slips from me when I listen to my wife she shouldn't be angry - I didn't meant to dismiss her, sometimes I just can't help it. A little understanding and everything is much simpler. If Flash runtime won't support multitaksing on iPhone developers will use what supports multi-tasking, if given app needs it. Or they would write translation layer - and that's what Apple is most scared of - it would make iPhones "just another type of multi-touch mobile phone", and it would hit their profits a big time. Wrong assumptions - people that learn new language doesn't immediately forget languages they knew before, nor do they stop using them. Languages are tools, not religions. I experienced exactly the same, when I started bringing pen and paper to bus driving to/from work and code on paper. It is very different experience from coding with computer, and it results in better quality code, because I can't just run to "ensure" it works, I have to think it throught. Also I tend to write less code, when each time I forget to add check before some line I have to rewrite whole function by hand. In home I just check documentation for apis I didn't remembered, and type code into computer. Almost always it works after a few minutes of simple variable misspelings etc corrected. Of course, this won't work so good with bloat oriented languages :) Of course it's joke, but when I tried to think of situation that would be analogical in importance and where astronaut/engineer would be so much worse fit than liberal arts, I couldn't. That probably just tells my imagination is limited. But not everybody has to be able to save the world when it comes to that. Singers and writers are useful, and they wouldn't fit in to asteroid scenario, neither. Water has to be sth like 70 C degree hot to kill most bacteria, and it would be too hot for you at that point. Hygiene works because bacteria are flushed out, not because water kills them (ok, antibacterial soap may kill some bacteria, but not much). The sad consequence of people choosing option 2 is that legal contracts are hard to understand. For purpose. Whole mafia of lawyers earns big bucks thanks to making these contracts even more convulted. Outsmarting somebody by clever legalese isn't moral in my book. This is cool. But it looks like it has too many degrees of freedom to make such fast/complicated manoeuvres steered by human. I just like to feel in control of machine, here it wouldn't be possible. Besides - the more direct control is the more predictable behaviour of this vehicle can be. I don't think every possible route between 2 points will be possible even using these vehicles. So steering this will probably look more like RTS - I pick control points, unit chooses the path. This can cause some pain. I don't understand why they should be careful not to disturb lower levels? They don't interact with upper levels. They are simulation anyway - they have no free will (that was an assumption - other way all the levels would diverge the moment the first human was born). So no amount of caution can do anything to them - they are in predetermined world. Did you mean that they should be nice because the upper levels can see them and intervent? I can agree that in such situation they should be good to their simulated selves. Or did you mean that even when upper levels are not watching, their (upper levels) behaviour depends on decision of lower levels? Because I can't see why it is so. People at any given level are either: a) at the top and have nothing to worry - their universe won't stop working no matter what they do b) simulated and have no choice - what they decide is just result of simulation inputs and, maybe, tinkering of upper levels Ether way - the real decisions are made only at the top level - if not, why all simulated worlds have the same history? People would make different decisions earlier in simulated history if it was possible, and after many generations of simulated people and their different decisions worlds would diverge beyond recognition. Even if free will exists on lower levels - why decision of lower levels inhabitants should change probabilities of upper levels decisions? Either they have free will, and their decisions are independent of upper levels - or they don't have free will, and their decisions just mirrors their top level selves. Maybe I'm misunderstanding sth, English isn't my native language, and the subject is hard. Anyway - it's very interesting thought experiment. Probably operator() and passing classes that have this operator implemented around. For me it isn't better than function pointers, also because of method - function distinction we have 2 different incompatibile kinds of functions. I've been in students club of computer science, meet many people from older and younger years that were interested in programming. We were doing hobby projects and starting in team programming competitions. At the last year of studying I've mailed one of friends from that club (he was working in one of a few big software companies in my city) asking if they would want me. I've been interviewed and got a job. This is really a bad title, but random numbers indeed need not be uniformly distributed - for example Gauss distributed numbers aren't distributed uniformly (from definition:). If the random variable that we measure has Gaussian distribution - the numbers we read will have Gaussian distrubuition, and will be random. Other example - rolling dice with 5 sides signed "6" and one side signed "1" - results will be random, but the resulting distribution won't be uniform. Uniform distribution is special case of random distribution. Indeed - sorry - my math Enlish isn't very good. I'm programmer - for me random string is a string, that is shorter than any programm that generates it (random string has Kolmogorov complexity greater or equal its length). I think this is the definition for mathematicians as well. It's just that "random" is a common shortcut for - string comming out of probability experiment - it is very likely that it is random according to Kolmogorov complexity, because most strings are random, and space is very very big. I was always confused by lack of definition of randomness in statistic/probabilistic meaning, so I've somewhat mixed these 2 branches of math. Thanks for clearing this up. It would encourage trolling. Cool idea. In my job we are working on business process engine, and we have implemented many long business processes that involves user interactions and calling plSQL code. Testing these processes manually is pain, we have tests using soapui, but writing tests in linear fashion is repetative and tedious, our test suite is lagging us. Also we use big databases and our tests unfortunately aren't isolated - we have to prepare data manually for tests to run. This tree-like approach looks great. One problem is - the only way I see to create "stack of databases" is to use savepoint - rollback to savepoint around every node in tests tree. We use hibernate, so rollback to savepoint won't be enough - we'll need to disable second level cache, and to do sth about first level cache - maybe flushing after each rollback to savepoint will do. Anybody has experience with hibernate and rolling back to savepoint? Yay, you can write real app in C++. Still - writing code againist windows api is begging for portability problems. Why even bother with all those quirks, when there is qt and gtk, working on Macs and Unices as well, and better designed? I can only understand this, if it's just for fun. Peple have weird hobbys :) EDIT: I also love, how they speak about .Net like it was the only alternative to C++. The excuse is backward compatibility, and it is also why linux binaries from 3 years ago doesn't work on new linux, and win32 binaries does (or at least did before vista age). PS I prefer linux way (clean the api, no matter old binaries), but that's because I'm programmer, as a user I would love to just download old binary from net and have it work without worrying about dependencies. My last windows was xp, bu I've heard win7 was supposed to have virtual machine with winXP to run older program. If so, this is cheating :) Every program is either a compiler, or an interpreter. Compilers are just functions from input to output, so it is easy to write them in a functional way. For example code formatter, report generator, any program in which we are only interested in the final result, not in the intermediate steps, and nothing "new" can happen in the process of computation. Interpreters are more imperative by nature, and it is more natural to write them in imperative way. For example real-time simulations (including games), interactive apps like offices suites, crud apps, etc. In interpreters functional programming can be used in the small scale, to implement commands, but the result will be imperative interpreter with state and commands that modifies this state. So oop is more suited to describe domain of most programs - users think about crud apps like this: "this button changes the name of selected student", "this button deletes student from base", "this button assigns student to course". Even if under the hood there is functional code, it is in reality interpreting imperative language and operating on state. At least that's how I see it. YMMV. To compile fine is one level, the other is to run fine without recompiling - it's easy to break binary compatibility - http://techbase.kde.org/Policies/Binary_Compatibility_Issues... Not mine insight but I can't remember where i've read it. I would probably fail at your interview. It is considerably harder than fizz-buzz or reversing linked list (where no thinking is needed, so stress won't matter), and I would be stressed that it takes me too much time to think this out, so I better start some coding and talking. Things can only get worse from that place :) And often someone else is porting the code - this is in fact code review, and this can only help codebase. Any new law must wait 6 years after approving before going to production. That way corruption and making holes in law on purpose will be less worth it, and people would be sure law won't change under their business in short term. Did somebody was on that lesson and missed the next ? There is also "good old games" ( www.gog.com ) - steam like site that sells old games without DRM and tuned to run in modern OSes. Sorry for advertising, I'm not connected to them in any way, just like this company (they made The Witcher) and wanted to promote DRM less online software selling. I've been in situation like described - I, my father, my uncle and my 2 step sisters were swiming in a pond, the pond wasn't very deep - I could stand on the bottom, but the bottom was muddy and feet were falling throught this bottom sometimes even like 10 cm down - I could barely take a breath when standing in the deepest places. My step sister was walking in the water, when she steped on more muddy bottom and fall under water. She was quiet and doing strange things with her hands, nobody reacted for a while, then I walked to her and give her hand (I was able to stand on the bottom there, but only barely). It looked funny and not dangerous at all - like she just were playing in water, uncle and father didn't know anything is wrong. To this day I thought that she wasn't really drowning - because she was supposed to do the show like in TV. > Make functions, not procedures I can't agree - you don't need results of functions for checking errors - in many higher level languages you can return multiple values, you can use exceptions, even in C++ without exceptions you can do this by in-out parameters, for example: http://www.nopaste.pl/rtt I think it's cleaner than making nested if then else-s over every invocation of your functions.