One of the things about nginx is the lack of an organised community - for e.g. there is not even an official repository for nginx ( http://marc.info/?l=nginx&m=122153991029203&w=2 ). there are simply some mirrors of people who maintain a patch-based tree ( http://mdounin.ru/hg/nginx-vendor-current ). There is no bug-tracker (!!), just a wiki page ( http://wiki.nginx.org//NginxBugs ) and as someone mentioned ( http://www.wikivs.com/wiki/Lighttpd_vs_nginx ), very less activity on IRC. It comes down to the original issue of Linus Torvalds, Ingo Molnar and Con Kolivar: do you have a clear roadmap of where the architecture is going, vs a very cool technology that had a lot of support and was no doubt popular. I am in no way commenting on the technology behind nginx, but as an architect, making a deployment decision that is going to take hell to change later, I would be very concerned. the lack of a bug tracker and a SCM should'nt be limited by language barrier. Every project needs developers and testers. Contributing to projects may take different avenues and opens up opportunities to climb higher on the development foodchain as their experience matures. how does directed-edge compare to LinkedIn's OSS Project Voldemort ( http://project-voldemort.com/ >) ? You're dead-on about the lack of literature. I am no lisp expert (python stole me away), but something like the PythonChallenge for lisp could go a long way towards building a working knowledge. I really wish we could have books like Norvig's PAIP in the public domain - it is really one of the best books on lisp ever, however very expensive - more so in third world countries. Oh and I really wish that brackets were used rather than parantheses - there is RSI you know! is there a place where one has a list of the most popular wireless and sound cards ? Maybe the developers can use that as a starting point. mkxpud is an image generator, and a binary-level build system very similar to Woof of Puppy Linux. We don't want to handle the package dependencies, so we just leverage APT/dpkg. When running mkxpud, it reads project config (called cookbook), parse it into package settings (called recipe), strips directly from a working Debian/Ubuntu Linux, extracts them into root filesystem and finally generates image. Use autohinting [ http://www.spodesabode.com/discussion/51/making-ubuntu-look-... ] and Droid fonts and u'll see what a difference it makes The biggest draw in favor of git - especially for those people, who are already working with SVN or CVS - is the interoperability scripts for git. git-svn is freaking brilliant and is so convenient a bridge that several people maintain their SVN checkouts as git repositories and eventually checkin to the central SVN repositories using git. now... lisp.. if only wow. I never thought a comment of mine would be tokenized. But, I guess your parsing was spot on ... I like pylons and I cant understand why everyone is trying to scare off everyone else by calling it “glue”, “a hackers framework”, “it doesnt give you anything, allows you to choose everything” People would almost think it is the Lisp of frameworks (which it is). Pylons comes with “batteries included”. Its default setup with Mako, SqlAlchemy, Routes is quite good and I would say a Ruby-on-Rails for Pythoners. And like RoR, you can fire up “paster shell” to get a nice console. But my best part - how you can set “import pdb;pdb.set_trace()” to start a debug session in a console. I can wrap my fingers around pylons very nicely - and I like the fact that I can “hack” it if I ever wanted to. it would be interesting to know what problems you faced. If you could elaborate on the roadblocks you hit - and how other frameworks solved it for you, that would be great. Pylons: Python... check MVC...check SQLAlchemy...check Mako....check Umm... can somebody compare Juno to Pylons please - I'm kind of confused here i think what Arnold is trying to convey is mathematics needs to be "learned" intuitively, rather than in an abstract manner. Pure mathematics may, however, be practiced (though one can argue that intuition will continue to play a significant role ) The essential bit is about being able to visualize a mathematical concept, before being able to express it in mathematical language. For example, I think the visualizations of sorting algorithms give a intuitive understanding of how something should work, that you will be able to see quicksort in your mind, before you code it up. Physics can easily be interchanged for computer vision as a tool for aiding in mathematical intuition. Learning is hard, practice is easy. database newbie here - I always thought sharding was the only thing to do after your DB starts choking on the volume. I did not know there was any other way to go about it. Care to share any information on how you would scale DB (PGSql maybe) - any google keywords would be welcome as well Ruby's Gems ownzors easy_install - with versioned libraries, updates, etc.. And apt-get, pacman, rpm are not excuses, because I like to use Slitaz as my OS If virtualenv (which I love) is something that plays havoc with package management - they should be merged, rather than not do anything about it. pomodoro technique ? http://www.pomodorotechnique.com/ nice app - i also use timer-applet for nice Gnome integration on the taskbar to run it in VirtualBox, the livecd needs "xmodule=vesa" boot option. To install VBox/nVidia graphics drivers, you need to install dbrs-precompiled-linux-sources-2.6.28 (using apt-get). And OO 3.1 is at "deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/openoffice-pkgs/ppa/ubuntu hardy main" repository. Very lightweight on my 5 yr old laptop - with the OpenBox option. the difference between crunchbang and Debris is gnome. I like being on the mainstream desktop environment and being able to run it on older machines Once, while we were taking a break, I think we were actually watching the OJ chase on TV, there was a news program talking about him being in Europe with some little boy. I was sitting next to the guy while the news is making this crap up. He just looked at me and said this is what I have to deal with. http://www.gearslutz.com/board/4325168-post15.html http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 Riemann for Anti-dummies: Introduction and Critique I would'nt mind a 14 inch, Intel Atom, no DVD, minimum USB drive, ultrathin, 6 hour battery life netbook zsh does a much better job (with its right prompts and formatting) http://img194.imageshack.us/img194/2101/zsh1.png - this actually shows a git repository imported from svn http://img40.imageshack.us/img40/3738/zsh2.png - this shows a regular svn repo This is what you need in your zshrc # precmd is called just before the prompt is printed function precmd() { title “zsh” “$USER@%m” “%55 vcs_info export RPS1=”${YELLOW}%1v${NORM}” wow..thanks! '''I happen to think mathematics would be more advanced today if a little attention was paid to standardizing its notation''' ... as well as the tools available to render those notations. http://www.stixfonts.org/pub_geninfo.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/STIX_Fonts_project Does'nt smalltalk have code=data behavior without s-expressions. I'm not an expert, but I thought that was the reason why Smalltalk has the IDE that everyone raves about along with image persistence Or can Smalltalk be modelled as an s-exp based language? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smalltalk#Image-based_persisten... nice .. thanks This reminded me of Dr. Devi Prasad Shetty (of Narayan Hrudayalaya, Karnataka, India) who created a very innovative Micro-health scheme ( http://www.yeshasvini.org/ ) of distributing the cost of heart surgery among the masses for a meager 10 cents (5 Rs) a month. Today, approximately 1.6 million farmers are eligible to receive heart surgeries (and 955 other surgery types) He has recently started getting traction in New Delhi for a similar scheme. http://www.hindustantimes.com/News/india/Delhi-does-not-want... http://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/4585.html According to your philosophy, isnt ArchLinux the perfect middle ground ? rolling releases, BSD style init, a really good package repo (AUR) and manager (pacman) - no "-src" packages ... if you want to insist on Slackware like package management - use PKGBUILD . That is plain offensive. The special olympics are an even greater achievement of the human body as a machine, since it must push itself with far lesser degrees of freedom. Mnemosyne is actually very good http://www.mnemosyne-proj.org/ it works on Win, Mac and Linux - written in Python http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 Jonathan Blow, the developer of Braid, has had a thread on his blog (made from last year, when he gave up trying to port Braid on linux, till July of this year) about the (sorry?) state of developer tools on Linux. An interesting read - given that his primary editor was emacs and he has been using *nixes for 20 years. Long story short - sorry state of sound on Linux, sorry state of debugging tools on linux, OpenAL+SDL dont cut it. Use the Droid or Undotum fonts with antialiasing. Very, very good. http://tombuntu.com/index.php/2008/10/15/tweak-your-font-ren... is there a way to interchange ( to [ ? I have RSI. P.S. Not keyboard mapping please. thanks! doesnt this inherently lower performance? Message-passing rather than shared data structures implies you need to pass around heavy copies of data. Are Lock-free data structures (supported probably by atomic hardware operations) the middle ground? http://www.audiomulch.com/~rossb/code/lockfree/ Read first : http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=733369 then http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=772012 Why does'nt everyone publish their class notes in ePub format ? It is machine readable, reflowable and most ebook readers support it. is it really about network sound ? 95% of the desktop users needs sound to work [a] when two streams (e.g. a video game and music) are played [b] low latency sound in video games (a.k.a lipsync) Another 4% wants good audio tools to work on in Linux - which there arent many of. I dunno if this is a catch-22 because of the innumerable sound SDKs. In a previous comment I had posted described Jonathan Blow's (creator of Braid) problems with low latency sound and APIs on Linux. And this is a guy who has been using linux for over a decade now. The thread over at his blog has been going for over a year now ( http://braid-game.com/news/?p=364 ) and makes for interesting reading. please, please have a Eastern Economy Edition. Just wanted to point out a few differences to people hitting PGSQL after getting their feet wet with MySQL. 1. While installing PGSQL get your configuration variables correct, or it wont work out-of-the-box (kernel.shmmax, autovacuum, shared_buffers) 2. learn about authentication. PGSQL depends on authentication of the OS ("sameuser" on pg_hba.conf). MySQL behaves by default as the "password" authentication method of PGSQL. 3. Learn about template databases. Your first database is a template database. 4. PGSQL has "pg_" databases and slash commands (\dt, \connect, \q) for system administration. Sorry - I should have clarified. These are specific to Ubuntu packaging. I worked on MySQL before I had to work on PostGres and these were the major turning points in my understanding. Hope it helps someone else. that is a fascinating account - could you elaborate on how you leveraged a compiler/custom language for your 10K machine management. I am not able to wrap my head around what was it specifically that you needed a language for - rather than, say building it on top of perl/python/lua - and whether you used the yacc/bison toolchain to build it. I think the best paper that explains the magic number (0x5f3759df) is http://www.lomont.org/Math/Papers/2003/InvSqrt.pdf Lomont traces the history of the algorithm and the possible way that the magic number was derived - including more magic numbers (0x5f375a86) not only does it have the most sophisticated eye - it has the world's fastest punch [[ http://scienceblogs.com/notrocketscience/2008/07/the_mantis_... ] Shrimpzilla FTW ! seconded. Ruby's gem might not be perfect, but it is much more intuitive than anything python has (no idea about "pip" though) I hear you - I'm an Ubuntu user and I see usability and driver regressions with every release. I cant disable the touchpad in Karmic (could do do that in Jaunty) - bug marked as wishlist. DEC Tulip drivers have stopped working from Hardy onwards. Audio drivers dont work well on Thinkpad R series - its quite a hack to get them to work. that was good... thanks wow...thanks! Does anybody know if the eye-candy+speed advantage of E17 is still relevant, after the advent of the Clutter toolkit ? Given that the toolkit natively uses OpenGL and people can hack compositing managers together pretty quickly for it( http://wingolog.org/archives/2008/07/26/so-you-want-to-build... ), is E-17, still the "sci fi window manager" ? Protect a user from himself. I manage IT for an accounting firm and I got a few ubuntu machines - they know how to use Synaptic (and know I need to give the password). However, it is highly unlikely any of them know how to drop to single-user mode and do "stuff". One of the things that companies like about Linux - is that it can be reasonably locked down against people who typically click attachments in mails, etc. ... not against hackers. I think this is the beginning of a new era of Linux viruses. A good middle ground is search rankings - users who are "looking for a job" have their ranking bumped-up on search results (shown to employers). Not to the very top mind you (too obvious!) - but enough to come ahead of non-lookers. This way - the employers get a good result on their search for prospective hires and employees get plausible denaibility. As a beginner to lisp, I have always been bothered by the lack of standardization - especially in terms of libraries. For example, a couple of weeks back, there was an article about a python-based tool on HN (I forget which). There was a lot of opinion, however was generally about BeautifulSoup vs lxml. Coming to CL, I dont even know where to begin for XML parsing ( http://www.cliki.net/XML ). Which is why, it seems like black magic when people make amazing software (quantz, postabon) . I just get too intimidated on where to begin... it is similar to the javascript library fights that keep erupting on comp.lang.js : you ask about one and are made to feel like you should have chosen another. it goes beyond CPAN - it would have been nice to have a "batteries-included" version that packs in most useful libraries (like Python's Image, lxml, etc libraries). The very argument that choice > standardization is something I dont get - even in Rails, you have the choice of not using the default templating engine, JavaScript framework, etc. But it doesnt mean that they dont package it in anyway. This accelerates adoption, since it gets out of your way - and later when you mature as a developer, you can of course customize it wildly. It may or may not also have the happy side-effect that the quality of the packaged libraries increase, because of a much larger user-base. I'd much rather that people fork mature libraries than hack the one-millionth version of an XML library that just does 2 things. thanks... this is something really interesting Actually, I am interested to know how much does it cost to get a hardware PROTOTYPE built. Say, if I have a really cool idea about a new 3g device , how much would it cost me to get it prototyped - what happens to the intellectual property rights in that case. Is it shared ownership or do I own all IP ? Anybody have any idea about pricepoints... Here is a zshrc with almost zero switching cost - especially with the esc-backspace behavior for path deletes, setenv declarations and integration with Ubuntu's command-not-found. Additionally, it displays the version-control information of a directory (works for svn, git, etc.) http://sandeep.wordpress.com/zshrc/ Which OCR - opensource or paid? What was your flow ? Its the only GUI which supports svn+ssh . TortoiseSVN is (was?) extremely clunky in this respect. We host our repository on a Linode slice and our developers work on various OSes. Since it is Java based, it basically runs on Linux, Win, Mac. Anybody know of any other alternative ? People dont know about this - but another company in Delhi (India) : Routeguru.com, does this too. But I guess you cant beat the mothership - even with a headstart. why is it in Ruby? As opposed to, say, Clojure or Scala ? Talking of Gobo and 0install - I am surprised nobody has mentioned Nix ( http://nixos.org/ ). The aspect of Nix which is relevant to "versioned OS" is the package configuration database which can be snapshotted ( http://lwn.net/Articles/337677/ ). In this approach, the static parts of a configuration —software packages, configuration files, control scripts— are built from pure functions, i.e., the results depend solely on the specified inputs of the function and are immutable. As a result, realising a system configuration becomes deterministic and reproducible. Upgrading to a new configuration is mostly atomic and doesn't overwrite anything of the old configuration, thus enabling rollbacks. I recently wanted to install the same configuration as my Ubuntu laptop, on a desktop. The thread to list manually-installed packages in Ubuntu is huge and has no deterministic answer. Perhaps, a manager like Nix could have accorded me this flexibility. Here's something that I am using (on Ubuntu FYI) - http://www.ecofont.eu/ecofont_en.html This is the Spranq Eco Font . It's a TTF font, designed with holes (invisible to the naked eye) that saves printer ink ... they claim 20% lesser ink, I havent benchmarked my usage. The ecofont Pro is a software (rather than a font) that punches holes into any font of your choice - dunno about its compatibility with Linux/OpenOffice, so havent tried it. OK I'm confused now.. I think what the commenter meant was the cathedral vs the bazaar model of development. Would'nt FreeBSD, NetBSD, etc all be in the same boat as Linux? Granted that Linux has a benevolent-dictator-aka-linus, but that does not make it deviate too much from the bazaar model. For all its flaws, git (and github) are becoming the preferred choice of hackers everywhere - I'm not staunchly one of them yet, but I can see the charm. Git only enhances the distributed development model that all *nixes are built upon. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. If any, Solaris is the only counter-example to Linux - not FreeBSD. >I'm not sure why you'd say that is. That was my attempt at classifying the corporate umbrella of Solaris to be THE cathedral vs the bazaar of Linux ... and, as you say, the middle ground of FreeBSD. I dont have context here, but it was very surprising to read your comment about FreeBSD being closer to the cathedral model. I was aware of GCC and Emacs being unapologetically so, but I thought BSD had a more open development model - the myriad flavors of BSD being a proof of that. anyone know what kind of development work do they need ? It would be helpful to know what are they looking for - and whether we can contribute, with our specific skillset patent infringement ? could you elaborate how - I mean, if a developer uses their API to create a product tailored around IVR, could it infringe? Or is it at the infrastructure level? what about Honda vs.... I dont know.. Detroit ? That is a good example of manufacturing companies winning on cost. hmm.. quite interesting. I wonder which scheduler did they use - cron based or roll-your-own using Erlang, Scala or something hmm.. boxee could use something like this. ActiveResource ? http://api.rubyonrails.org/files/vendor/rails/activeresource... i concur - as of now, scaling up could (but not necessarily ) mean having a captive outsourced team and capitalizing on your brand. interesting... do you think the view-first model of Java frameworks like Scala/Lift would make it more attractive ? my primary barrier is maven (I'm coming from Ruby and gems). I wonder why the sbaz (Scala-Bazaar package manager) is not the default, rather than maven. it would be interesting to see LuaJIT as part of LuaTex. Super fast desktop publishing FTW ! Linux 64-bit Sunspider benchmarks FF 3.6 x86_64: 2940 ms Chromium x86_64 : 656 ms enuff said I'm wondering the same thing too - how did they build this ? ZFS (after pool ver. 21 I suppose) has deduplication - are they building on something similar ? Partial checkouts. I used to work in the semiconductor industry, where HDL Netlists can go upto several GB. If you are in the EDA industry and you need to test your tool on a Netlist or two, you dont want to be checking out the entire test-tree. I suppose partial checkouts are critical for several other fields - for e.g. take a look at a similar request for Mercurial ( http://mercurial.selenic.com/bts/issue105 ) Message 8102: Two of the features that made it difficult to 'sell' Hg for the main SCM of FreeBSD were the lack of partial checkouts and partial history And because of the way legacy code is structured, this gives rise to issues like this one - http://jira.codehaus.org/browse/MRELEASE-457 For several use cases, this is a highly critical feature and the reason that SVN may win over finally - perhaps as SVK (svn's distributed revision control fork) The transition from cvs to svn happened very quickly, to the extent that it is now the predominant SCM. The migration tools are robust today, but they were not so a couple of years back - which is why it is even more suprising that people were willing to undergo the cvs2svn pain but are not willing to do the relatively painless 'git svn clone'. Maybe git truly doesnt suffice in a LOT of situations. +1 I think google would happily subsidize the cost of H.264 end-user licenses for the 100 million or so unique visitors that it had in Jan 2009. But I think it is going to be cheaper for them to spend a 100 million or so and buy out a top-end video codec developer and release the codec as open source.... or did they ? I did'nt know about this, but +1 to you. It would be interesting if this could be brought to Gruber and/or Adobe's attention. wow! dude.. save the earth. Choose the config with the lesser power consumption. that goes hand in hand with your package. I run only linux in all my machines - but I think that until KDE can get a decent network manager up and working or UVC webcams start working out-of-the-box, I dont see an Apple like presentation. One area in particular where iPhone web apps fall short of native iPhone apps is scrolling. This friction might make sense for regular web pages rendered on the iPhone’s small screen, where by “regular” I mean “not optimized specifically for display on the iPhone”. But it just feels slow — stuck — on iPhone-optimized apps. That was the Daring Fireball page on PastryKit I was replying to your question about why it is sometimes better to have a native app, even though you may not need direct access to hardware - user experience is another factor. Do understand that such a kind of experience may be deliverable today, with PastryKit or whatever someone else develops, but Apple can break this compatibility (which it cant do with its native SDK). A new business model may exist where developers make advertising money off free iphone webapps. It is extremely naiive to believe that Apple will allow you to deliver the same user experience by bypassing the App Store. not me - though I wrote in. Chrome/Linux works beautifully. I wonder now. in 3 years will we see a port Half Life 2's Source engine (with all its physics puzzles) on Chrome! please file a bug - this should not happen I hope what will replace Kenai will be similar to github and rubygems. That will probably mean a package manager like leiningen. There is a google spreadsheet benchmark ( http://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AlX1n8WSRNJWdGNQME5B... ) released by one of the developers of ZFS-Fuse. Makes for interesting reading, since it confirms this benchmark. but on Linux and shows comparable results with Solaris ZFS benchmarks. And SSD + linux BLOWS everything else away http://jerakeen.org/notes/2010/01/yay-more-email-clients/ The Android GMail client is a perfect example of what a client looks like in this world. It talks to the (secret / private) GMail API, it does offline mail reading, and queues actions so you can archive / filter / whatever mails while offline and it’ll push changes later. You can read and write mail. It doesn’t try to do anything clever, because anything clever done on one client isn’t reproduced on any other client. And if I don’t have a client on my current computer for GMail, I can use a web browser, and still get all the features of the server. I use the web gmail interface for everything anyway, because it’s better than any GUI client I’ve got. I dont know - this guy makes for pretty convincing arguments on why email should be done right on the server rather than the client. Which effectively means a new protocol. reMAP claims to treat conversations as first class objects. Given suitable APIs on top, I think you could build different views on different email clients. I think what is meant by a new protocol and server innovation is a change in the data model. I do not believe they are going to dictate views. confirmed - and nowhere is this more apparent than when dating/getting married. I have seen veritable geeks give in to the (strongly family enforced) sentiment of rejecting partners from different castes - it's not so much as marrying into a lower caste, as it is about marrying into a different caste. I am seeing lesser and lesser people even knowing about the relative positioning of castes - however their cognizance of being a different caste still holds. very nice - someone who has used sup should put it up on wikipedia ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_e-mail_clients ). I see every other client - mutt, pine, etc. there Also check out Cherokee - http://www.cherokee-project.com/ - has a lot of similar features as nginx (small and fast), but also has a saner development model, public SCM, a bug tracker (!!!) and a friendlier dev team. Among the most famous sites using Cherokee are the (recently hyped) chatroulette.com and Lawrence Lessig's web properties. bug filed - https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gnome-power-manage... Could you elaborate on your setup ? In particular how does it compare to a modem feeding into a managed switch. Are you building a small-form-factor computer running pfsense (or something) with a wireless radio baked in ? same here - I just wish skype (with webcams) was better supported. For a lot of people (and businesses), that is a blocker. I managed to get a UVC webcam, but still had to get a PPA v4l repository and build some drivers. I think it is good that ipods will be supported out-of-the-box in Lucid (Rhythmbox). The same should happen for Skype. On that front, one should get rid of all the useless games and instead have : 1. a nice Twitter app 2.Scrivener-like app These are killer apps for a lot of people who use a Mac - especially the young student demographic.