I think the hacker expectation is that a free open mobile OS would not be tied to a single programming environment and making it easy to port the mass of existing qt code would be useful. Outside the US coupons are not a big business, at least in the countries I know. So I wonder if it will translate as profitably in the rest of the world. I cant imagine anyone switching to Silverlight now, its already dying, as MS have admitted, they only cant kill it before they release HTML5 for WP7 later this year. Regarding this as pruning knowledge is rather exaggerated. First wikipedia deletions are not deletions, they are just hidden from most users but can be viewed or restored. Second this is not primary knowledge it is a very short and incomplete summary of the primary sources. This recipe was published years ago in the book For God, Country and Coca-Cola by Mark Prendergast. He found it in the archives while researching the book. It is not the current recipe, as some changes have been made. Its an excellent book too, with the history of the new coke fiasco and the early years. PhoneGap sees itself as a temporary measure and everything should be a browser capability. They bridge the OS capabilities that are not available now in the browser. Same issues with s3 with sync updates. Might be easier to work around as you have etags but wont work out of the box. I have indirectly heard of someone writing a Javascript client for git using the http transport. It should be doable though a fair amount of work. I don't think discovery and recommendation are worth much. I pay for Spotify for the access, I would not pay for recommendations, which can be built on any addressable technology via social networks anyway. Spotify already have negative margins though so 30% wont work. To stop subscribers copying all the content and then unsubscribing. For services where most of the value is in the back catalogue this is a risk. There have been some attempts to make a line oriented XML format so that shell tools work; doing the same thing with JSON is possible too; there are a few ways to do it. Have been meaning to give it a go at some point. In my view it makes more sense than building a new set of tools, especially as the Jshon ones do not really seem to compose properly. References for XML: http://www.lbreyer.com/unix_xml-1.html http://www.ofb.net/~egnor/xml2/ http://gnosis.cx/publish/programming/xml_matters_17.html Most of the operations do not map any json to json, so you cant pipe them. The whole design principle of the unix command line tools is that they all map lines to lines so anything is composable. So for json I would want a structure match corresponding to grep, filter and map operations, merges etc each of which maps valid json to valid json. LuaTeX looks promising, embedding Lua as a scripting language over the underlying algorithms. The LuaJit FFI includes a C parser so you can pretty much just paste in the header file. http://luajit.org/ext_ffi_tutorial.html - its not complete yet but seems pretty nice. You could do something like that for Ruby. For Lua it is also much faster than using the standard C bindings as the optimizer can see what is going on. Having an FFI like this in a language is a really nice feature. If you are obsessed by creole cooking and have some old books as part of your web content, sure. I cant see them making up more than a small proportion of a great creole cooking site though, you need new content, commentary and so on too. Cook all the recipes in the old books and add pictures and descriptions... If you seriously believe that show the evidence. You have the geocities archive and the wikipedia dumps. I think you will not find thats where wikipedia was sourced from. For a start most of it was written much more recently than that. Yes, as the article points out, if you don't go mad and apply far too much compression like so much recorded music does. Over compression is hideous... I stopped using my G5 because there is no ppc support in v8 and hence node.js. Most of the new JITs dont support ppc. I havent got rid of it yet though and I dont see the point in installing Linux until Apple stop security updates for 10.5 which is some way off... Useful for testing code where endianness matters. Yeah especially as the Atom N550 which has been out for a while has 64 bit support. Any article that calls a cpu a brain has no place on hacker news. Only seems to be 2Gb RAM support too, single channel, non ECC. And Atom is very slow... I dont think its worth using the Ubuntu install its just too old. At the moment easiest to install by hand, and script something for production. Use Linux containers (lxc). Exactly what you need... He doesn't seem to have tried Tsung which is a good solution for this scale of testing. 18-5-2 using two windows, one to see what it would do and then choosing what beats that in the other. The moves drop off the bottom so this strategy gradually loses efficiency, but its enough to beat it... My first computer! Although I started programming on the Acorn Atom just before that. The combination of wobbly RAM pack and thump sensitive keyboard was not a good one. But those were exciting times. I am not sure that it has its place in distributed systems. That sort of tight service coupling was the SOAP model. A REST model will tell you the valid actions at runtime ie the valid moves or actions as URLs, a looser coupling and also safe. You have to recompile both sides of the API if you change the types and redeploy together. There is also a coroutine based embedding of Lua/Luajit in nginx if you want to embed into a web server environment (without callbacks). https://github.com/chaoslawful/lua-nginx-module Interesting now lighttpd, nginx and apache are all going to have some degree of integration of Lua in request processing. Its really useful having a real programming language built right in. First you probably want to make authentication stateless rather than having a server side database. Something like a cookie containing encrypt( salt + expiry + username) is normal and can be validated without a database access. Second you take your security advice from a professional not someone who does not seem to know what they are talking about. Another crappy time based events in video demo. What we need is arbitrary events embedded in the video stream which the browser can listen for. One use is subtitles (which are being worked on) but we need to be able to add any other type of metadata event to the transport stream. Probably time for Apple to start using the process sandboxing from Chromium in Safari. If you are running a jit you need to make data executable so it isnt going away. As Apple control the OS they should be able to design a good Javascript sandbox. They do have internet access, not some random radio update protocol. When I wrote the software for the Coke and Samsung screens in Picadilly Circus in London (the times square equivalent) we used wired internet or brought hard drives in. We did actually have wifi access (firewalled though) to ground level. All running Linux then. Alas i didnt get a photo of the one time we got a bootup screen on the sign with penguin after a power cut. No, you can add a field on a server that some clients do not yet use without changing the semantics for the clients that do not know about it, for example. The loosely coupled model is more or less Duck typing for interfaces. Actually URLs are supposd to be opaque in rest so that is correct. Nice urls with http verbs but no hateos is what most "REST" APIs are though. Yes they are a nice bit of hardware. They emulate a usb keyboard so work on pretty much anything except an ipad. The software is open and they have several modes and you can code your own keys into them. Its about low cost. You will be able to buy a router that is either completely dumb, no OS at all, controlled remotely by your cloud control infrastructure, or maybe add into your Linux server as a card. Dont pay for all that cisco os and a cpu to run it that you dont need. The raw networking silicon plus some ports is pretty cheap and will get cheaper. Commoditization... It is easier to use iOS devices untethered once you stop using Apple's rather poor cloud services. I unsubscribed to MobileMe a while back and no longer use iTunes except for software updates. I use Spotify for music now, use Google calendar synced via the exchange integration, Plaintext for dropbox synced notes, etc. A few months after that I didnt buy another Mac and switched to Ubuntu... Apple are so far behind on cloud services and still charge $99 for mobile me. Switched that spend to spotify instead... They need to come up with some very compelling services to compete. It is not about second rank universities. It is about universities in the third world and people who cannot afford to go to universities at all, and it is about the support of universities for open access to learning. Yes Amazon has PCI compliance now, well the parts they need. The physical security is fine too, their datacentres are well secured. So this type of workload is possible. I think it is more of a credit check than a use case you need. I have had security conscious hosting providers who have done a proper fingerprint validation over the phone half each way for ssh fingerprints. Its rare though. Sign of a good provider... Yeah I am not sure I will use it except when an Apache project appears in the search results in which case I will probably just click it automatically... After a bit of testing I am starting some more serious Nginx+Lua development. The big advantage is that it is a pretty mature http stack that is tested in production at scale, unlike some of the newer frameworks (that you probably run behind nginx anyway). It still has some limitations like the proxy module only supports http 1.0 and some of the chunked encoding stuff is partial at this point, but it is generally sufficient. Luajit is really fast and nice to use (the ffi interface can call C directly) and coroutines mean that blocking calls can just drop back to the event loop. You have to write anything blocking as an nginx module though, hence this collection of modules as a bundle. Having a real programming language in the context of a web server is nice, you can either do small things like write complex auth that you might otherwise have a proxy for, or you can write full content handlers. Agentzh is pretty helpful on the nginx list with issues too. Perl is just the the built process of the bundle. Lua is the programming language inside Nginx. Tir looks nice too. It is more targeted at websocket type applications, although it is general purpose too. Nginx supports more traditional HTTP models, I dont know of any native websocket support for it, but you can of course use it to proxy to mongrel/node or whatever. Nginx has the maturity advantage, and you can use it as a proxy, load balancer, and so on. With the Lua support and these additional modules that taobao developed you get a full environment all in one place. Ah BT. Calling them an ISP is not very accurate. The former telecoms arm of the postal service, later a privatised monopoly service. Avoided by anyone who can, but with a head office who believes that if only they could become a tv station all would be well, while we wish that they would be broken up into some competitive organizations that might be relevant. No way they can run a successful music service.... Languages/implementations also vary in how much overhead switching to C costs you, especially in loops say, which eg the pidigits benchmark does sort of measure. Right now it looks like LuaJIT is your best option for this type of performance. PyPy might get there eventually though... I would like to see a security page. It is not clear if your app is isolated in its own microinstance or shared in some way that should be specified. Wordpress. The database backed era this post talks about didnt really use web architecture well, or good software architecture to perform. Aimed at ease of use instead. Mind you I am not convinced that event driven js is going to deliver high performance blogs either. Must move my blog off Wordpress before getting featured here... The article is claiming that we are removing from resources (http, rest) to events, ie apps, for everything. I do think there is still space for the other style done well, with content, but a lot of people seem not to. One of the facets of the web/app war. It is quite funny seeing the term "early adopter" used for something this old. I had IPv6 ADSL about 7 years ago, but it was pretty pointless back then other than being able to ping6 places, and ended up discontinuing it. Doesn't sound like there is much more happening now. We need a killer app for ipv6. Acunu ( http://acunu.com ) are a UK startup and have an implementation of Cassandra, it supports versions presumably based on this. Name the articles. If they are useful I am quite happy to rework them into something salvageable. In most of the cases what is deleted has no real content, but a year or so later someone will recreate the article well, probably not knowing it had been deleyed. There are a few features missing, arguably. There is only HTTP 1.0 not HTTP 1.1 support for the proxy module for example. It really is trivial to set up an fcgi process to run PHP directly from nginx. On the nginx side, something like my config: location ~ \.php { fastcgi_index index.php; include fastcgi_params; fastcgi_pass localhost:55155; fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME $document_root$fastcgi_script_name; } Then you just need to run php in fcgi daemon mode which is built in, use php-cgi -b localhost:55155 to match that setup... more details on http://wiki.nginx.org/PHPFcgiExample I found this much simpler than running nginx and apache... Not really the bottleneck if you are running PHP. Linux optimises most of tcp out over the loopback device anyway. Websockets uses the http 1.1 upgrade header to transform an http request into a websocket. Nginx proxy module only supports http 1.0 basically. So no proxying to a websocket server yet. Thats not a full config, I did reference the documentation. I have a try_files line, as fcgi runs locally as it happens. according to the register: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/04/12/vmware_open_sources_... "Cloud Foundry serves as the basis for the VMforce platform cloud VMware is building in tandem with Salesforce.com. Therefore, Chen tells us, developers will be able to readily move applications between VMforce and other Cloud Foundry services" So they are both apparently releasing differently branded versions of the same stack. There is no history in the git repos, so not clear if any of the code comes from Heroku. As far as I can make out so far it is not designed to be multitenant. Each client gets an instance for their apps which can consist of multiple VMs. Based on interpreting the install guide here https://github.com/cloudfoundry/vcap And that was written before the md5 collisions were discovered. And no collision has yet been discovered for md5 for files of the same length, they are all extension attacks... Interesting thread. Yes nginx already selectively supports 1.1 features but not everything. And yes I think the current security issues are the same ones, so maybe this will never have to be solved by proxies in this form, I havent seen what the current proposals to fix the websocket issues are... Because since then code has got more hostile. Arbitrary code execution attacks and then local root exploits are not uncommon. You have to make some effort to protect against these. Lxc as mentioned at least isolates processes, file system and network access which helps a lot. I see Spotify more like a radio service, albeit one I do pay for. If the radio station shuts down I find another way of listening to music. I still buy some music in addition. I dont feel I own the music in Spotify so if it went away I havent lost it... I could never afford to own that much music. Has anyone tested how much of a performance benefit is this likely to give? It seems that it would benefit you most if you have a slow page composition layer but generate a lot of static includes like js and css. Arguably in that case you should be using ajax to retrieve the slower bits, or server side caching instead. But maybe i am missing a use case or some measurements that show it is more generally applicable. Set up another account. Amazon specifically told us to do this at an AWS meetup, they really dont mind. Thats not good. The whole point of multiple AVs is for them to not fail at the same time. Suggests some dependencies that should not be there perhaps, or at least some correlation of something, like software upgrades. Looking for a good explanation of this; one AV going down is not a problem and should not impact anyone who is load balancing. Funny, just yesterday I was wondering what a shell would look like if it was an interpreter for a modern language. The important thing about the commands is the composition, not the language they are embedded in. I think to make something as instantly usable as the the shell is quite hard, but to make an environment that is suitable for harder tasks that just get messy in the shell in a better language, but which still inherits a shell like way of doing things could be an interesting project. I dont see EBS as a very PaaS type service. It is a virtualised network storage volume with snapshotting, just what you might expect from an IaaS provider. Clearly it is one of the more complex parts of the Amazom infrastructure though (other providers dont provide anything similar). If you dont use EBS many applications would have to implement a lot of its functionality themselves, and I suspect this would lead to some data loss instead, when drives fail or instances fail leaving drives unavailable. You can avoid EBS if you use local drives and s3, it is just difficult to run a database like this if it was not built that way. That would mean a 25% price hike on all services. Rather a lot for a situation when the biggest issues seem to be lack of preparedness and planning for failure by a lot of people. ELB will not balance across regions. SimpleDB and SQS are both one region only, just across AZs. Doing stuff across regions has a whole bunch of latency and bandwidth tradeoffs, and so most of the Amazon services are tied to a region. I suspect Amazon dont use EBS much, avoiding a point of failure, and it is a newer service. What do you mean by this? Chrome doesnt support SRV for http http://code.google.com./p/chromium/issues/detail?id=22423 but all browsers do dns... No mainstream ones support srv for http. It should work though if you use elastic IPs across different AZs in Amazon, or if you use geo ip and always send one IP for a different region that is close. Not clear if it is the best solution for Amazon though. Thats not a service business as this article is talking about. We are talking about services that cost $1000 a day and dont scale without good people. $200x30=$6000 a month is not enough to run a really profitable service business either. Somehow the priorities seem to end up this way. Incentives will out. Problem is the competition dont build that stuff in, so you end up sliding down in comparison, being seen as expensive for bad reasons, not for real reasons that add value, like doing manual upgrades... Then its downhill. Rackspace can offer something pretty close to that as they do cloud and colo. OK we just had a big Amazon outage and someone compares no redundancy costs vs Amazon. You need to double your dedicated hardware costs if you dont want to go down when the data centre goes down. Your Amazon costs include a whole lot more redundancy if you architect well. Very very little is hardcoded, and you can override almost anything. Or even change the source if you are embedding it. Most people seem to manage, but there are a few areas which seem odd like the length one. The benchmark here http://attractivechaos.github.com/plb/ suggests they are doing much better on performance than they were a while back. Its a straight numeric benchmark so not relevant for everything but its better than V8 which is good work. Thats great. Dynamic languages at say Java like speeds is a real game changer over the PHP/Rubylevel speeds. At the moment we only have LuaJIT proving its possible, but PyPy is the next contender. Things you never notice if you read on an ipad... I dont know, I compile from source the issue is that modules have to be compiled at runtime and everyone needs different sets, so there is rarely a PPA with what you want unless you build your own. Its a build model that does not work so well with binary package managers, works better with say the Gentoo use flag model. Oh and if you are not using any nginx modules you are missing out on a lot of its power, you should be able to move big chunks of your app like auth right into nginx, use redis and memcache directly, and so on. Indeed. The LuaJIT interpreter with JIT disabled is a similar speed to V8 in most benchmarks. No its not intended for SSDs. There is not nearly enough IO bandwidth for SSD to make any sense. 2.5 inch hard drives are what you use if you want disks with spindles not just big storage. Eg for virtualised database servers. Yeah I find that too. Problem is I cant identify the Chrome windows very accurately, and they keep reordering themselves by last used. I remembered the tabs by position, and reordered them, but the screen views are less useful, especially if lots of them have say wikipedia as the top site. Because they havent got nearly as much capacity as they sell. Theft of SIM cards from devices is going to get increasingly common, there was this case from traffic lights in South Africa a while back http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12135841 I imagine a lot of them are used by criminals who want to make anonymous calls, they probably get cut off more slowly than stolen handsets. It seems likely that it will turn into a more or less standard Android tablet, with some nod to a slightly readable (FFS) screen outdoors. I wish Qualcomm would get Mirasol manufactured in volume; I have seen it on a 5inch prototype tablet and it looks really lovely, is readable in full sunlight, and has good refresh rates. I think people dont know how to react when something becomes a few orders of magnitude more common in a few years. Mind you with photography this has happened a few times, with the box brownie and mass production of 35mm colour film. The photo fads are pretty boring though... So you run the tests a lot of times so the JIT compiler kicks in and is guaranteed to compile the code. I can see that makes it run faster, but not sure it makes it any more of a real benchmark... There are very few recent exploits, unless they were running on Windows, so not sure I believe this. http://httpd.apache.org/security/vulnerabilities_20.html Dont they have backup generators? I thought all datacentres did, although I have known them to fail too... The motorbike taxis and minibuses were operating at the train stations last time I was in Paris, so maybe they won in the end... I had this running about 10 years back, and the number of boards it covers is a little bigger now but still small. Odd mix of supercomputer and embedded users. I wonder if any of the large cloud providers are using it, as it is much more reliable than a BIOS which can fail in so many ways. No the network sockets are set to non block and will return E_AGAIN once you have emptied the kernel buffer. Thats still non blocking. I dont think he is using aio_* which Linux does not really implement usefully. Yeah best to avoid them. It works best if you buy hardware around what works, rather than trying to work with poor undocumented stuff. Not open sourcing this right away is a big mistake, when Cloud Foundry has shown that open source is already going to be where these platforms are. Hoping its just because they cant and have to rewrite code, not because they think they need to. Or worth about $30 per user, if you want to look at it like that. I was a bit perplexed by this, but reckoned it was just bad journalism, and its not all fees, but that some of the existing shareholders are selling some of their shares in the IPO, so Linkedin does not receive that money. A guess, but seems most likely. I assume he is not counting servers... I thought netbooks a few years back were what was going to get Linux to "normal users", but Canonical barely managed to get anyone to ship netbooks with Ubuntu bundled in the boom year (when I bought an Eee, with their terrible Linux version on it and then installed Ubuntu netbook edition). And then Microsoft managed to push Windows back onto netbooks. Right now there is no touchscreen Ubuntu, the netbook edition is folded into the standard one, and the only vague hope would be ARM based machines (Nettops, or desktop), but these are still not really shipping in any volume, and Microsoft has announced Windows 8 on ARM so that only gives a short window of opportunity, and not likely a 200m one. The tablet option is a lot of work, and up against Android (and Meego), with rather less momentum. So, I think that just leaves the geeks still? There are only in the thousands not millions of Andrroid developers though. Some people (like me) have come back from a few years on Mac to Ubuntu, but not a lot yet. So right now, I am not convinced...