I got the impression from James's post that he wasn't actually "giving up" his millions, he was locking up all future profits in the business and reinvesting them. He converted HotOrNot from an S-corporation to a C-corporation. You can certainly reinvest profits from an S-corporation into the business or pay out profits from a C-corporation as dividends, but the incentives go different ways. S-corp earnings are taxed as ordinary income (none of the double-taxation of corporate profits) and S-corps can't give out different classes of shares, so there's an incentive to distribute the profits out to the shareholders. C-corp earnings are taxed once at the corporate level and then once as dividend earnings, yet they can have multiple classes of shareholders. The incentive is to build up the business and eventually seek an IPO, acquisition, or other liquidity event. It almost looks like James is positioning HotOrNot to get big and get bought. I did the first 7 semesters of my undergrad in physics, and still have a lot of friends doing Ph.Ds in physics. A bachelors in physics opens up a large expanse of possibilities - finance, management consulting, economics consulting, computer programming, high school math teacher, and of course physics grad school. A Ph.D in physics qualifies you for exactly one job: physics professor. There are far more opportunities for a physics drop-out than a physics Ph.D, particularly for someone who doesn't absolutely, positively love the subject. Is there anyone doing case studies of *unsuccessful* internet startups? The successful ones are helpful, but it's easy to fall prey to survivorship bias, i.e. there's no guarantee that any commonalities have to do with them being *successful* rather than *internet* or *startups*. A group of unsuccessful startups would be a nice control group, and maybe then we could draw some better conclusions about what makes a startup successful. And support paragraphs! Most informative, insightful comments take more than a couple of sentences. Currently, that makes them unreadable. This is a really cool idea...too bad it's over across the pond. There any gatherings like this in, say, the Boston area? In a good OS (I believe Linux qualifies), you only need to save the contents of the registers. Each process has its own address space, each thread has its own stack, and so there's no need to much around with memory beyond that. Stacks aren't actually copied around, the processor simply restores %esp and %ebp from the saved process data structure. IIR my OS design course correctly, the big performance hit is the switch from user mode to kernel mode. I'm not sure *why* that's a big hit, but it seems to be a slow operation on most processors. You can use user-mode threading libraries in C/C++, but Apache doesn't. Perhaps that's why it's slow. (The main reason it doesn't is probably that user-mode threading blocks the whole process when one thread performs IO, which obviously doesn't work well in an I/O bound application like a webserver.) There are other C/C++ webservers - like Lighttpd - that use poll/epoll for I/O. These should run even faster than YAWS/Erlang; anyone have any benchmarks to compare them? That's what PHP/MySQL are for. ;-) Many startups begin without VC funding and then take it as a mezzanine round before the IPO. They don't need the cash at that point; oftentimes, they're already profitable. But the VCs have connections to investment banks that can smooth the IPO process. Microsoft is the best example of this. I think ViaWeb may have done something similar before its acquisition. A lot of them may have been from the startup school(s). Sacca, Wolfram, and Woz were speakers at the first startup school, and the dates on the audio files are right after it. Only 1.045? ;-) Release it. I once worked at one startup that decided that their product sucked too much to even put into the hands of beta customers and went about rewriting it. The VCs canceled the rewrite 2 months later and shut the company down 6 months later. A little later, I was at another startup whose product IMHO sucks *more*. They, however, are profitable. They manage to get customers to fork over several hundred thousands dollars to use the product. There's almost *always* a buyer if you look hard enough. Entrepreneurs are usually the most critical of their own product; they ought to be, that's what makes them improve. But chances are, somebody somewhere really wants what you're making, and your job is to find them. Multiple founders != multiple programmers. Many startups with multiple founders have one founder do most or all of the programming work. As I understand it, Reddit is like this: Steve does the coding while Alexis does all the other miscellaneous work. Sun had 4 founders, but Bill Joy did the programming. AFAIK, DHH did most of the initial programming for 37signals, though they obviously have more now. Their advice (in "Getting Real") was to start with one programmer, one designer, and one person who could do swing work - a little server admin here, a little CSS work there. This also squares with Fred Brooks's advice in Mythical Man Month - a programming team should be organized like a surgical team, with one lead programmer and 5-7 people running support so he has no distractions. There're some big advantages to this structure, mostly involving communications overhead. With one programmer, you don't need to coordinate who does what. You don't need to explain what needs to be done. You don't waste time fixing broken interfaces. You can move quickly and add whatever features the customers want. I've worked for two startups that have both suffered by starting with a team of 4-5 (1 founder + 3-4 employees) instead of a single founder. It's very hard to get everyone on the same page on the requirements, particularly if the employees don't know the domain well. And when startups change direction frequently, multi-programmers tend to get demoralized (because the switching costs are higher and comparatively more effort went into the previous product), while single tech leads just throw away the old code and write whatever they need. Well, remember that he's selling bugtracking software. ;-) Many of Joel's articles are very good, but remember that they are designed to sell his product. You do need *some* sort of bug tracking system, but I've never found one that I like. I've used Bugzilla, Mantis, FogBugz (Joel's product) and reported on Jira, Sun's bugtracking system, and SourceForge, but the only one I halfway-liked was Jira. At work, I use pencil & paper along with fixing bugs as they're reported. For my startup, I'll likely roll up some custom solution, as I haven't seen anything that comes close to meeting our requirements. I'll take a second look at what's out there first, though - I've heard good things about Trac, and maybe someone somewhere has come up with a decent bugtracker. I'd amend that to "Never partner with someone who is not technically literate as you, *if* they think they are as technically literate as you or believe that technical literacy is not important." It can often be very productive to partner with someone with people skills, or business skills, or finance skills. Those things *are* important, and yet you won't have spare brain cycles for them if you're doing hardcore programming. That person just needs to realize that *you* call the shots when it comes to technical decisions. Warren Buffett's advice applies, as always. "It's not how much you know that matters. It's how realistically you assess what you *don't* know." The prequel "Built to Last", however, is great for startups. He studied "visionary companies" in that one (including HP, IBM, Merck, 3M, etc.), and includes a lot about *how* a visionary company starts. I heard echoes of Built to Last in Woz's presentation at the startup school, so it's not just old-economy companies that it applies to. "In my opinion, startup founders hit mid life crisis in their early 20s." I'd agree with that. I'm 25 and sometimes wonder if I'm over the hill. Then again, my boss in my day job (sole founder and CEO) is almost 50. So it's not *impossible* to start late. I have noticed that it makes things difficult, culture-wise. The startup I'm at has a very 9-5 culture and tends to move fairly slowly, which is frustrating for young, ambitious hires like myself. It does have customers and manages to turn a profit, but I worry that we're falling behind the technology curve and may find ourselves without customers if a major market shake-out occurs or a competitor invades. The examples given also support JWZ's theory of social software: software exists to get people (or dogs) laid. I'm the tech lead. I make all technology choices, figure out the overall system architecture, and so far have done all the programming (we may pull other founders over to some of the easier programming tasks later). I did not have the original idea, nor do I have any talent at graphics design, so I'm glad I have cofounders for that part. There's one other problem with single founders that I don't think gets enough press: When you're a single founder, it's very easy to think in terms of "You against the world", with other people being mere tools in your quest for global domination. Because, well, a single-founder startup really is you against the world. ;-) Unfortunately, that attitude can carry over into dealings with employees, investors, etc. No employee is going to give his best effort when he thinks he's just a tool for some entrepeneur's quest for world domination. When you have cofounders, there's much more of a shared sense of working towards a goal. If your smart, that'll carry over to employees too: they'll feel like they're working for the company and customers and not just for you. That kind of culture is very difficult to generate after the fact. You can start with it and lose it, but you can't start without it and hope to gain it. It's interesting that one of the more successful single founders - Bob Metcalfe of 3Com - said that the secret of his success was "giving away his company". It's that kind of attitude that you need. This article has some wonderful correlation-vs-causation confusion, eg. "Job-satisfaction levels tend to rise as the hours worked per week increase" could be better phrased as "People work more hours per day as their job satisfaction rises (but start to hate their jobs once they start working 60+ hours per week)" and "respondents who expect to remain in their current position a year from now reported higher satisfaction levels" could be better phrased as "People with low job satisfaction do not intend to remain in their current position a year from now." How about hooking up previously-successful YC entrepeneurs with new applicants? At this point, I'd value the Reddit guys as much as mentors as you or RTM (no offense). YC would then grow like a B-tree. In the beginning, all founders are on the same "page". As the page grows beyond its size limits, the page is split, successful founders are promoted up to the parent level, and there's more room to new founders at the leaves. You'd need to run it by former YC-entrepeneurs, and it'll probably be a few years until their startups are self-sustaining (or bust) enough for them to take on other projects. But if they're like other entrepeneurs at all, they'd probably love to take a role in mentoring new YC applicants. I'm curious - why is a pre-launch startup hiring a COO to begin with? Don't you have to launch in order to have something to operate? (I'm of the opinion that founders should avoid hiring anyone for as long as possible, instead bootstrapping off their own abilities until they gain some traction in the marketplace. In addition to saving money, this also gives you a better idea of precisely what you *need* so you don't hire for the wrong qualities. It'd suck to hire a COO with experience scaling Java enterprise apps to 99.9999% uptime, only to find that your actual business model demands a Python consumer webapp with few uptime requirements but massive social scaling challenges.) Second-tier university endowments and pension funds, the ones trying to catch Harvard & Amherst in endowment performance. They know that if the fund performs well, they look like a genius, yet if it fails, the poor college students and retirees are left holding the bag. The whole economy has a huge moral hazard problem. There's a reason why John Nash won a Nobel Prize. There was some study - I think it was linked to on Dharmesh Shah's blog (onstartups.com) a month or so back - that indicated the success rate for first time entrepreneurs in VC-funded tech startups was 18%. For entrepreneurs with a previous failure it was 20%, and for entrepreneurs with a previous success it was 33%. I suspect that the success rate is somewhat higher for bootstrapped tech startups, because you're given the option of failing and trying again with the same company, different idea. Usually if you fail with a VC's money, they liquidate the company. If you fail with your own, you can take the assets you have and try to redirect them to a new line of business. I thought I saw another study somewhere that said that the average number of failures a bootstrapped startup goes through is 4. That squares with the success rates for VC-funded startups above, if you assume that each failure simply means the entrepreneur tries a new idea. You have a 18% chance of succeeding on the first try, a 33% chance of succeeding by the second try (82% * 82% = 67.24% chance of failing), a 45% chance of succeeding by the third try, and a 55% chance of succeeding by the fourth try, for an average of 3-4 attempts necessary before success. More selective doesn't necessarily mean a higher success rate, if VCs can't pick the winners at a higher rate than their general frequency in the population. Wasn't there just an article on here about how VC-funded "A teams" do no better, and often worse, than VC-funded "B teams". And I thought your "Unified Theory of VC suckage" mentioned this too, though rereading it, it seems more about how VCs take winners startups and make them fail rather than how winners avoid the VCs to start with. That said, my high school math teacher and first employer was an angel investor, and he said his success rate was *well* under 10%. A lot also depends on your definition of failure. When Ludicorp shut down Game Neverending and launched Flickr, would that count as a failure? If they had taken millions in VC funding, would they have been able to shut down GNE and say "We're going to build a photo-IM client"? I'm currently working for a (profitable) startup with 4 products. Only one of them is generating any revenue. If that had been VC-funded, it likely would have been 4 separate companies, 3 of which were failures. Reading and keeping up with the news is kinda odd. 99% of what you read is absolutely useless. It will never make a difference in what you do, and you'll probably never use it. However, that remaining 1% can save you *huge* amounts of time or open up massive opportunities. Just a couple examples where procrastination has changed my life. When I was 16, my family went shopping at the Tanger 2 supermall in Riverhead NY. I hate shopping. So, I did what I normally do: I found a bookstore, grabbed an interesting book, curled up on the floor, and read half of it by the time my parents got back. On that particular occasion, the book was "Learn Java 1.0.2 in 7 days" or some other tripe like that, the year was 1997, and the Java wave was just taking off. One book led to a second and third, and then a whole shelf full, and eventually an internship at MITRE corporation. While on the job, I was asked to learn Perl. A couple years later, immediately after high school graduation, my math teacher's wife was starting a company and had an immediate need for some Perl programming. In the year I spent at that company, I got to experience a dot-com run exclusively by teenagers, 3 different business plans, all the tribulations of a startup, and eventually an ugly VC takeover. While slacking off at that company because I had no work to do, I found Fanfiction.net and the Harry Potter fandom. I read a whole bunch of fics, then my workload picked up again and I promply forgot about it. I went back to it during college, and ended up joining FictionAlley.org, which was just starting at the time. Over the 4 years that I volunteered for FA, I saw it grow from 2,000 registered users to 100,000 registered users, from one machine to three, had my first experience managing teams of software developers and got to take my first major project from conception to completion. Separate thread - at an internship after my freshman year, I was goofing off at work and reading Ward's Wiki. I ended up getting pretty involved in housekeeping there after the internship ended, and struck up a few friendships. One of them led *directly* to the startup I'm currently employed at, via a couple of internships. Now that I'm co-founding a startup of my own, I'm finding that all the different internships and threads and so on pull together. I know what to expect in terms of growing a community. I've had experience with 2-3 different technology stacks (and found they all suck ;-), but at least that led me to one I'm reasonably happy with). I know all about scaling concerns and breaking an app out over multiple boxes. I've got some experience in judging whether a business model will fly or not. (I think our business model sucks, BTW, and really doubt it'll get us off the ground, but we've gotta start somewhere.) All of this came, in some way or another, from procrastination. Incidentally, running a startup seems much the same way. The vast majority of stuff you do is worthless, but the 1% that pays off really pays off big. Unfortunately, you have no way of knowing what that 1% is until you try it. People talk about how Bill Gates got lucky with the IBM deal - the thing is, Microsoft had a zillion balls in the air at the time, and if they hadn't gotten lucky with IBM they might very well have gotten lucky elsewhere. Caterina Fake: http://www.caterina.net/archive/000965.html Probably the worst (= most overdone) business idea in the history of the planet: internet games + social networking. Well, second worst. Worst would probably be "Find gold in California." Launching within a month, hopefully. I'd really like to see more of these - postmortems for sites that didn't succeed. There's a big survivorship bias in the accounts you hear - nobody writes about their failures. We'd have a more accurate picture if we had more information about things that didn't work. Come to think of it, I wrote a postmortem for FictionAlley a couple years ago that I ought to share... Some background, since this was written for HP fandom members who already know what FictionAlley is... FictionAlley.org is the leading Harry Potter fanfiction site on the net (a category that's larger than you might expect). It was small but growing when I first joined the staff, having about 2000 registered members and roughly 30-50 simultaneous users at any given time. Over the next 5 years, it grew to 100,000 registered users and 350-500 simultaneous sessions. This postmortem's describing the project to replace the original upload system - which was basically built on hand-uploaded HTML files and off-the-shelf forum and directory software - with a more modern database system. This project wasn't really a failure per se: it's in production now, people use it, and FictionAlley's still getting 350 or so simultaneous users. However, it took much longer and was much more difficult than expected, and the final result has fewer features and more bugs than I'd like. I initially figured on 3 months to finish; it took 3 years. I dunno about that: "Write Yourself a Scheme in 48 hours" became popular within 48 hours after it was published, and I have no built-in audience. I posted it to the Haskell-cafe mailing list, someone else posted it to Reddit, and when I woke up the next morning it was on the front page of both Reddit and Delicious. It's now the top Google result for "haskell scheme" and on the front page of results for "haskell tutorial". I think the secret to getting widespread publicity is to build something that people want and are eagerly awaiting . I wrote "Write yourself a Scheme..." because I'd seen complaint after complaint about how there were no Haskell tutorials that build a practical project or deal with IO, so I started with some practical IO in the first chapter. When the tutorial appeared, it merely fulfilled a niche that everyone wanted to be filled. FictionAlley was the same way, though I wasn't around for its birth. Basically, everyone was complaining about how Fanfiction.net sucked and the servers were always down and they eliminated the forums and arbitrarily removed stories. So eventually, some of the leading members of the HP fandom said "Well, let's start our own site then." And since everyone was already dissatisfied with FF.net, it spread easily through word-of-mouth. Would you recommend a similar tactic now? Anyone want to bet that their predictions will be wrong? Depend what your goals are. Are you looking to turn a hobby into a business and grow it with minimal cost? LiveJournal. Do you want to start small and opportunistically grow the business over a long period of time? Microsoft. Do you want to change the world and change it now? Google. Are you looking for examples of what not to do? Value America, or just go work for some startup off the street. Are you looking to bootstrap a company for very little money and the flip it to an acquirer? Reddit, ViaWeb (Yahoo Store), or Vermeer (Microsoft FrontPage). The latter took VC investment, so I wouldn't really call it "very little money". Are you looking to succeed in some business, any business, and do it on a dime? Flickr. This ties in with Clayton Christensen's work in The Innovator's Dilemma and The Innovator's Solution. Christensen's thesis is basically that technological change is continuously creating Local Mins like point C, in the form of disruptive innovations. These are technological breakthroughs that target a smaller, less profitable market. Since they're less profitable, they're unattractive to established players, who're stuck at point B. However, their performance can quickly improve up to point D. As a startup, you want to enter at point C and target point D instead of going for point B. If you head for point B, you'll face the incumbents, all of whom have more resource than you. If you head for point D, the incumbents have to go down through point C in order to catch you. They won't want to do so, because it's painful for them. Best guesses: a.) Because the VCs will fire some of them b.) Because the remainder will quit over the treatment of the employees in a.) VCs often like to install their own people in key positions within their newly funded companies. Oftentimes, the people they replace are well-respected nonconformists. The replacements are well-connected incompetents. There's nothing more demoralizing than some moron in a suit taking over for the guy who's helped you a hundred times. Windows Vista. The two aren't mutually exclusive. I went to the 2005 startup school and work at an existing startup. Also, judging by the people I met at the startup school - few have an actual business with customers and such, except for YCombinator founders (in most cases, not even them ;-)). If they did, they'd probably be attending to the business instead. Many, however, had an idea for a business or a very-early-stage business (some product development, possibly a small prototype in front of potential customers). I watched the dinner and aftermath, including all the pizza prank calls and various other abuse. I didn't see an easily-accessible feedback link (note to other startup founders: include this), so I'll post my feedback here: 1. Congratulations. In two days, you have managed to create a community more fucked up than YouTube. 2. I started watching because of the outrageous stuff other viewers were doing. When you go to curb the abuse, be aware of this. Many of your viewers may be watching only because folks are doing stupid stuff like ordering pizza and making yCombinator pay for it. Lose the hassles and you may lose the audience. 3. Reality TV shows succeed because they're unreal . TV execs hype up and dramatize all sorts of conflict, because that's what gets viewers to tune in. Nobody wants to see an ordinary person's life, because it's boring . 4. Who do you want to be - Anna Nicole Smith or Paris Hilton. Your success in attracting viewers is proportional to how trashy you are willing to become. Anna Nicole Smith and Paris Hilton remain media darlings because we can look at them and think "Wow, look how pathetic they are." It makes us feel good about ourselves. Unless you are similarly pathetic, people will not want to look at you. Respectable people like Tim Berners Lee or Steve Wozniak seldom end up on the news. 5. If you are respectable and still choose to go on reality TV, you're setting yourself up to be torn down. The justin.tv tagline is accurate: "An exercise in narcissism". Narcissism is going to prompt abuse. People think that since you've set yourself up on a pedestal, you've given them an opening to tear you down. 6. I initially had logged in watch the yCombinator dinner. That proved impractical because of the technology: the audio quality was shitty, the video would randomly drop out, and you couldn't really see anything anyway. Part of the problem for attracting a decent community is there's nothing for decent people to do. That leaves it as a festival for troublemakers. 7. Have you guys not read Shirky? Almost all the problems tonight could've been predicted from his articles. http://shirky.com/. 8. Lose the arrogance. Kyle was bragging about his 1337 MIT CS skillz in the chatroom. Emmett was talking about their being only a finite number of attack vectors, and he'd have them all patched in a week. In my experience, never underestimate the clever things people will do to break your system. People will still be finding ways to abuse it a year from now, assuming it still exists. The arrogance is just an invitation for them to try harder. 9. I won't be back, mostly because this is a complete waste of time. But I thought I'd give you the courtesy of telling you why I won't be back. Posted them here: http://news.ycombinator.com/comments?id=5313 before this thread was open. There was a documentary done about one of the dot-com busts in 2000. I can't remember the title, but Google may be able to help you. The problem is that most of work starting a startup is boring . So either a documentary distorts what actually goes on and shows you the interesting parts (like the one above), or you lose interest and forget about it. My day basically goes: 1. Wake up. Start development VM. Check yCombinator. Reply to a post or two while VM boots up. 2. Implement a feature, or some administrative script, or setup some software package on server, while eating breakfast. 3. Go to day job. Work on somebody else's startup for 8 hours. Use breaks etc. to resource technologies I'll need for that night's programming. 3.b. Sketch out some feature longhand in a notebook on the train home. 4. Come home. Implement the low-hanging fruit that I just researched. 5. Eat dinner 6. Spend 2-3 hours working on some of the larger tasks that need doing. 7. Repeat. It's pretty productive, but hardly good TV. The documentary would basically be "Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer. Jonathan staring at computer." I am keeping a blog (poorly - been 2 weeks since I updated) with the day-to-day stuff. But really, that's just "Here's the challenge we just faced. Here's how we solved it. Rinse, lather, repeat." Alternate title: "How to start a pyramid scheme in 10 days" Many startups already let you do this, if you find them on launch. news.ycombinator's a good example: it was incredibly bare-bones from the beginning, and you've been able to watch it grow. If you were into Reddit at the beginning, you got to see that one evolve too. A lot of the work in starting up a startup involves mundane things like setting up servers, version control, feedback links, testing, etc. There's really nothing to see there. I'm tempted to open up my Subversion repository eventually (I started checking into svn after 1.5 weeks, when the app was basically nothing more than a login page), but I can't really do that until: a.) We've launched, so that we actually gain any of the publicity benefits of being an "open" startup b.) We have enough of a technological lead that it wouldn't be disastrous to have someone download the svn repository and immediately setup a clone. LiveJournal, for example, has gotten about zero leverage out of being open-source and had to deal with some fairly significant hassles. Cal addresses that by arranging his book in roughly the order that you should think about things. He recommends that you think about: 1. Version control 2. Issue tracking 3. One-click deploy 4. Internationalization 5. Security before you start building your application, then you build and release it, then (and only then) start thinking about: 6. Email 7. Web services 8. Scalability 9. Statistics & monitoring 10. APIs This mostly squares with my experiences (both with my own startup - currently on step 3, with 4, 5 and a launch-ready app already done - and working for others). The only changes I'd make are: 1. Move statistics and monitoring up the priority list, before launch. You want that data available to drive feature implementation. 2. I'm of two minds on internationalization. I think that most apps can wait until they're popular before they need to internationalize. However, i18n is really difficult to do later, after you've already built an app. I watched LiveJournal go through the process, and it wasn't pretty. So even though you don't need it, you may want to do it upfront because it'll be much harder later. My list, categorized: Business & Management 1. Innovator's Dilemma and Innovator's Solution by Clayton Christensen 2. Built to Last and Good to Great by Jim Collins. Built to Last is more applicable for startups. 3. Mythical Man Month by Fred Brooks. Anyone who has to manage a team of programmers and hasn't read this will fail utterly, unless they've already failed before (or been on a failing team). There's a lot that's counterintuitive about software project management. 4. Peter Drucker's work. Kinda long and repetitive, but some good insights. Marketing 1. All Marketers are Liars by Seth Godin. I like this better than Purple Cow, Guerilla Marketer's Handbook, and The Big Red Fez. Most of those have fairly obvious stuff. 2. The Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell 3. Crossing the Chasm by Geoffrey Moore Technical 1. Building Scalable Websites by Cal Henderson 2. High Performance MySQL by Jeremy Zawodny 3. Pragmatic Programmer by...well, it's mentioned elsewhere here. There are lots of other technical books I like, but most of them aren't directly relevant to the startup I'm building I don't know about that. I'm perhaps a bit unrepresentative since my normal job is also at a (later-stage, profitable) startup, but I found my day job is far more stressful than the startup. When you work for someone else, there are a large number of factors that you cannot control. You can't pick your technologies: you generally have to go along with what the rest of the team is already using. You can't pick your company culture: it's already been established. You can't pick your market (okay, you can't really either with your own startup). You're stuck with the existing codebase. All this is fine if you also pick up your employer's values and expectations. But I don't know any startup founder that's like this. Usually, if you're interested in starting a company, it's because you have some internal standards for the quality that you'd like your code to live up to and the ease with which users can use it. So if you're working for someone else, you can easily get stuck with your own standards and your employer's tools, and the two may not match. This is really, really stressful. When I'm working on my startup, at least I know that any problems I'm having are my fault. And I can fix them. If I don't like the quality of the code I'm putting out, I can make the call to postpone feature X and fix bug Y instead. If I find that a framework is becoming more of a hassle than a help, I can rip it out and replace it with my own code without my boss vetoing it. There's a whole other level of stress that comes from mixing both day job and startup. Right now, the most stressful thing in my life is wondering whether I should quit the day job to work full time on the startup. It's stressful because there is pitiably little information and yet it's an incredibly important decision. I won't know whether the reduced time available has caused me to miss my market opportunity until I've actually missed the market opportunity, at which point it's too late. Similarly, I won't know whether the added time pressure has made me mortgage the startup's codebase until it becomes impossible to work with, at which point it's generally too late to fix. Hah, multiple wives? You sure that's only quadratic? This is a hard question. I considered dropping out multiple times in college, but ended up sticking it out and getting my degree. I'm still not sure if it was the right choice, but it seems to be working out so far. Anyways, I have no answers, but I have some observations. One of my main fears in college was that I would graduate, take a soul-crushing job, and then lose all desire to start a startup. This hasn't happened. I still want a successful startup just as much as I did in college, or maybe even more. You're not going to stop wanting what you've always wanted just because you have a degree, a job, money, and options. OTOH, having a job and an income fucks with your perceptions a little. I was lucky (smart?) and didn't change my spending habits; over the past year and a half that I've been working, I banked close to 90% of my take-home pay. Even though I'm financially much more secure than I was coming out of college, it feels much more precarious - I've gotten used to having a certain amount of money coming in each month. Quitting my day job wouldn't be an issue if I didn't have a day job. Don't underestimate the experience you'll learn on the job. I feel like I've benefited significantly from working in somebody else's startup for a year and a half before trying my own. It also creates a sense of momentum and gets your brain in gear; you'll need all the focus you can have when starting your startup. Don't overestimate the book learning you'll get in college. Honestly, I don't think a single thing I learned in the classroom has helped me with my startup. OTOH, a lot of college learning occurs outside the classroom. My impossible quest to complete a computer science major in one semester while the department would not let me declare one turned out to be exactly what startup life is all about. There will be many moments when you have to work like hell for what feels like zero payoff. It's a good experience to really fuck up and then recover from it, because you do that a lot with startups. If you skip the recovery part in college, how do you know you'll be able to do it with your startup? Also, I met my cofounders in college. Had I left after freshman year, I would never have known them. Had I left later, I probably wouldn't have kept in touch. Probably the biggest factor in my decision not to leave is that I didn't have a clear idea what I would do instead. That's probably the biggest determinant: if you know exactly what you'll be working on instead (like Michael Dell, Bill Gates, or Mark Zuckerberg) do that instead. If you don't, stay in school, because you'll probably end up doing nothing instead, and nothing isn't a particularly good teacher. It's funny, when he describes how he wrote Apple BASIC, it's exactly how a textbook compiler implementation works. His incremental symbol table is just a handwritten DFA. Then his noun stacks and verb stacks are basically how you'd write a parser, though they're usually just generalized into a single stack for a CFG. Oh, I'm commenting on how it's interesting that he stumbled onto the standard architecture independently, managing to reinvent 15 years or so of theory (at the time) on his own. Not trying to trivialize his accomplishment at all. "No intelligent investor would create a situation in which the founders had no incentive to succeed. They want founder's interests to be aligned with theirs." That's not necessarily true. VCs want management's interests to be aligned with theirs. However, there's no particular reason for them to care whether management consists of founders or VC cronies, and most would probably prefer the cronies. I've worked for startups where VCs liked the technology, liked the market positioning, but weren't particularly fond of the founding team. So they invest their money, and at the first sign of trouble, force the founders out. They ended up losing the auction for the company's IP (one of the founders bid on it through an employee proxy and took it to China), but that's not to say they didn't try... I suspect this happens more often than entrepreneurs would like to think. It's the same VC that was featured on an essay here by a certain prominent Lisp hacker... Greylock did almost exactly the same thing to a company I once worked at. "Facebook is all about innovation, I think they purposefully avoid old ideas." Are they, really? The only new idea I've seen come out of FaceBook is tagging photos by drawing boxes around the people. Other than that, they're your basic database-backed social networking app. There's very little new there: LiveJournal/Flickr/Friendster/MySpace did it all before. Google innovates. Thinkature innovates. Justin.tv (much as I think their community is heading for disaster) innovates. FaceBook seems to have positioning going for them, but they do fairly little technical stuff that can't be done by a hobbyist programmer in college. Which seems to be what most of their hires are... They should've called it SKI-combinator. Well, except for "in need of a programmer", "intricate", "without revealing too much information", "in the process of", and "extremely successful". Did I miss any? The alternative is anonymous comments, which usually lead to a significant drop-off in the quality of discussion. I think "Let the users see what they're getting into before registering" is a more accurate description. "I imagine a startup incubator where the founders are provided with salary and benefits comparable to working for a corporation, and they are encouraged (forced?) to maintain a reasonable life/work balance," Google. Except the work/life balance. They said they're a yCombinator-funded startup, but they also said they're based out of New York. Does YC now have startups in other cities, or did they move to New York after the SFP/WFP program? Typically, employers just don't care about ideas that are outside their line of business. After all, if I come up with a great social networking site but my employer is a financial software company, stealing my social networking IP will just be a distraction from their business activities. They're worse off for taking ownership of the IP. Do tell your employer what you're doing and clear it with them. Aside from being the honest thing to do, it also sets you up to get formal legal permission. If they're not willing to do so, you know that immediately and can weigh your options from there, including quitting or giving up the startup. In some cases, your employer may even give you money, advice, and customers. I once worked for a company whose CEO was the former CTO of Cybersmith (the gaming cafe company that went bust around 1999). She came up with an idea that was useful for Cybersmith's business but was not something Cybersmith was willing to put resources into. Cybersmith became her first (and only, it turned out) customer and gave them significant resources to fund development. "3) The CEO will sign a document releasing our specific idea from the IP Agreement. Has anyone heard of this happening with success before??" This happens more often than you think. The most prominent example is Apple Computer - Steve Wozniak was on HP's payroll when it was founded, and needed HP to sign away their rights to the Apple I. One of my cofounders is in the process of getting a similar release from Sony Entertainment, and I'll probably need something similar from my employer (I have verbal permission already). I bet Trevor would build it... They tell a compelling story that's interesting & new and fits in with the zeitgeist. That's really all that PR is. Right after I graduated high school, I worked for an all-teenage dot com. We were a dozen or so high schoolers, ages ranging from 15 through 19, building a "teen content" site with indirect venture funding (we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of a venture-funded startup). This was the summer of 2000, at the height of the dot-com boom. The NASDAQ had just peaked, but nobody knew it yet. We got picked up first by the local community newspapers, then the Boston Herald, then the local TV news. Then we ran out of funding, but we continued getting press inquiries for several months after we were technically out of business. We had a $20k PR budget (which we inflated to $50k whenever we talked to people), but we never spent any of it. Instead, our (18 year old) PR guy would just cold call newspaper editors with "Hi, this is Trip Guray, I'm at an all-teenage startup called inAsphere.com, and we have a story you might be interested in." If they weren't interested, fine, we'd say thanks for your time and try someone else. If they were, we'd send them a press release over e-mail or arrange for an interview. Press coverage tends to snowball: if you get a story published in a community newspaper, you're much more likely to get picked up by a major metropolitan newspaper. If you get picked up by a major newspaper, other major newspapers will go after you. If a bunch of newspapers are interested, TV will soon be too. One of my cofounders came up with our answer: "In 2005, Matt discovered the best way to deal with Nigerian 413-scams on CraigsList: when someone offers thousands of dollars for your stereo via some phony money-wiring organization, just request a receiver-pays-shipping slip and FedEx them 40 pounds of bricks." Also available in extended dead-tree form: http://www.amazon.com/Purely-Functional-Structures-Chris-Okasaki/dp/0521663504 I highly recommend the book if you're implementing or using a functional programming language. There're lots of data structures that aren't mentioned at all in traditional imperative-language textbooks. Some of them even have decent performance. It looks like they've reimplemented CORBA. Their implementation doesn't look all that bad - it's at least reasonably simple, unlike CORBA. But I think I'll stick with JSON-RPC, because it's transparent, open, simple, and available for just about every language imaginable. Yeah, as long as there are other Google-like companies that give me 100% freedom that I can go to when I get fired. ;-) Damnit! He stole my idea! When I was in undergrad, I had a bunch of conversations with my friends about just why we were in college. It all came down to three things: 1. We wanted to show potential employers that we were smart enough to get into an elite private college. 2. We wanted to show potential employers that we were docile and persistent enough to continue attending said elite private college, even though we had accomplished #1. 3. We wanted to get to know lots of other people who were willing to pay $40K/year for the privilege of #1 and #2. Of course, once you get out in the working world and actually get involved in hiring decisions, you quickly learn that there's not that much difference in the quality of education at various universities. Harvard's classroom instruction is not much better than any other top-tier college, and may actually be worse. MIT's is probably better, but it's nothing that a couple of guys from UVA (ahem, Reddit) can't pick up in their spare time. Instead, you look at the Education section on a resume because people have already done the hard work for you. Someone at Harvard painstakingly went through 18 years of that candidate's life and decided that they were good enough for Harvard. I've got code to write: I don't have time to spend digging through a candidate's background. If it's good enough for Harvard, it's good enough for me. So, the business idea I came up with was a simple certification program. We'd look at all your test scores, administer a few additional tests, have you complete a project or two, talk to previous people you've worked with, and generally decide if you're worthy or not. We'd set the bar high enough that the average Harvard or MIT grad would fail. And if you pass, we give you a college degree - all without having to put up with the bullshit aspects, like going to classes or forking over a couple hundred dollars. You're responsible for your own education, we just say whether you've educated yourself. I wonder if I should've put this down under "other ideas" on my yCombinator app. Addictions only last until you find something more addictive. OTOH, James has a few million in the bank from HotOrNot's previous profits. So he can afford to take some risks. "College is not so much about learning a set of data, but learning how to learn." I've heard that a lot. My high school was basically founded around that premise, and I completely bought into it then. IMNSHO now , it's complete bullshit. You don't learn how to learn by having someone teach you. You learn how to learn by butting your head up against a problem, reading everything you can about what other people have already done on the problem, trying different approaches until one works, and moving on to the next problem. After you've repeated this a few hundred times, you start figuring out which approaches are likely to work and which aren't. The Ph.D is a good example. There are plenty of people that are "ABD" (All But Dissertation) - they've gone through all the coursework, been taught all that their instructors can teach them, but nobody considers them "real" Ph.Ds. Why? Because the meat of a Ph.D program is actually going out and doing original research , and someone who hasn't done the research doesn't really know how to do the research. The point of a certification program is to decouple the act of learning from the act of judging how much has been learned. Right now, universities perform both functions, which in any other industry would be a ludicrous conflict of interest. And so we get grade inflation and colleges refusing to admit poorer students because it'll drop their U.S. News rankings. I'm impressed. I realized it immediately because I came from Reddit... This is true, and yet - how the hell do you stay on target with that page blaring at you? Don't forget the other YC founders. PG gets all the fame, but IMHO RTM has accomplished more. And I wouldn't mind working with Trevor or Jessica either... Premise is right, headline is wrong. If you look at the businesses that made people billionaires, the other point they have in common is that the owners aggressively pursued opportunities. So yes, Bill Gates slaved away for 6 years, with a variety of other products, before IBM came knocking. However, if he had turned them away, or been out of the office flying his plane like Gary Kildall, we'd be talking about the "Digital Research Monopoly" instead. My startup initially wasn't going to apply to yCombinator. We have a solid team, a product that I really want to see exist, and we're making steady progress implementing it. But I figured that if we have a decent chance of success without yCombinator, we'll have an even better chance of success with yCombinator. So why not spend 4 days or so putting together an application and see if they accept us? If they turn us down, fine, we go back to our original plan and keep working on the product. But if they don't, great ! It's advice, connections, a set timetable for when I leave my day job and work full-time on the startup (for me, this is a question of when, not if: yCombinator would just make the decision for me), and a cool hacker environment where you get to bounce ideas off other equally-smart people. Right, but it's usually possible to find another, simpler idea - even if it's just consulting - that will generate $15k and bring you in contact with potential cofounders or customers. Some of us contribute to yCombinator because we have day jobs and can't work on our startup while on company time. And yet we have bosses that tell us to hold up because they aren't done with the requirements yet. Time is fungible; might as well use our bored-time at work on something semi-productive and free up the time at home for working on the startup. Of course, you could argue that if one really wants their startup to succeed, they shouldn't have a day job. I'd probably even agree with you. But "when to quit" is a complicated question, particularly if you're gaining (or hopefully soon will be getting - damn boss!) valuable experience in addition to cash. Man, I feel silly now. I have several times more than $15K saved up. At grad-school living expenses, perhaps 3 years of runway. I'm not really sticking with the day job for financial reasons though. I want to see the product I've been working on ship. Get it into the hands of actual paying customers. Because I figure then I'll get to see a whole bunch of other problems that will likely impact the startup too. Much better to make the initial mistakes on someone else's dime. Problem is, my day job seems to move at a glacial pace. So despite having a 6 month handicap and about 1/5 the number of man-hours available, my startup may launch first. If that happens, I'll probably quit the day job whether it's done or not, because it's just a drag on the startup. PG et al. were not college students when they started ViaWeb. Actually, I think they were significantly older than the median YC-funded founder. That said, I'm a little curious about the money aspect too. I had no problem saving up more than $15k. I could easily self-fund my startup for a while. I'm far more interested in YC because it brings together smart people from across the world and fosters the sort of environment you'd see in a hacker lab or math competition. I actually proposed that (1% of startup equity in exchange for being able to ask questions and come to the YC dinners) when I got rejected from SFP2005. They ignored me. I suspect the problem is that time is their scarcest resource, not money. They want to spend their time mentoring the startups with the greatest chance of success. Until you reach the point where you have a reasonable chance of success, you're stuck with YC News. From what I read, Microsoft took a mezzanine round before IPO because VCs have connections to investment bankers, and Microsoft needed investment bankers to make the IPO process run smoothly. So yeah, it basically was a bribe. "Some simply like the control, autonomy and culture of a startup." But those are the people that work for startups, as early employees. And they can frequently make more than $15K from it. The folks applying to yCombinator are typically those that either don't want to be employees or have already been employees and decide they want to move on. They wouldn't even have a yCombinator app if they didn't have their own ideas. If you want someone to work on your idea, you have to compete with the hundreds of other Boston-area startups that are now hiring. I don't see any Hitler or Nazis... Doesn't look like it, unless they're coming from a home (i.e. not-resolvable-to-hostname) address. Actually, I think all the visits in our logs can be traced back to a cofounder. Which makes sense, as we haven't given out our URL to anyone but yCombinator. I'd actually be a little disappointed if they had looked at our demo, because it's rather disappointing. We've been doing a bunch of cleanup work so far this Good Friday, and will likely be replacing our mockup layout with an approximation of the real thing over the weekend. So I'd be grateful for a few extra days... Check your hosts and referers for domains that look like yCombinator. You are using a traffic-analysis tool like Webalizer or AWStats, right? (Even if you aren't, you can still get them by grepping the access log. It's just harder to compile statistics.) "For example, someone recently told me that in Python you can't have conditionals within math expressions." You can, but until Python 2.5 you needed to use a somewhat opaque idiom: x + (foo and 1 or 2) This works because the short-circuiting boolean operators return their second operand. So if foo is true, it'll evaluate 1, find that it's true, and return 1. If foo is false, it short-circuits over the 1, evaluates the 2, finds that that is a true value, and so returns 2. It's not intuitive at all, but most serious Pythonistas are familiar with it. I agree that this is gratuitously restrictive, and evidently the Python developers did too. As of Python 2.5, you can do this: x + (1 if foo else 2) It's a shame that it took so long for them to add it, though. Gaming the applications process already? ;-) The big advantage to working on the online demo is it gets you working on the product . Ultimately, that's what'll make you succeed or fail, not whether you get YC funding. I can't imagine anything else in the application process that matters more. My team isn't really focusing on the app demo for YC's sake. It actually looks kinda ugly, since layout and design is one of the last things we're working on. But we were planning to launch on the weekend of the 20-21st, and still probably will if we aren't invited to Mountain View. So in order to hit the launch date, we need to work on it anyway. He's wondering if PG should have been the one to post this article, given that PG wrote it and also wrote this site. And I dunno about news.YC, but Reddit at least doesn't work that way. I've written pieces that were picked up on Reddit and posted by other people. I found it rather flattering; it meant other folks thought it was interesting enough to post without my intervention. "But even if you have positive cashflow, it generally makes sense for young companies to reinvest those earnings instead of taking debt investment." Not necessarily - or rather, it's often rational to do both. It's rational for a business to take out a loan if the interest rate of the loan is less than their expected return on capital. Interest rates for business loans are what, 6-8%? It's not uncommon for a well-run, growing business with a strong franchise to earn a ROC of about 25%. Debt lets them grow faster, sooner, and then they can pay off the debt from future earnings. It's often far more capital-efficient than floating an equity offering, where the investors would get a share of all those additional profits. It doesn't work for web startups because web startups often have far lumpier earnings. It's not uncommon for a web startup to be bought for multi-millions before they earn a dime of profit. That's because their real "customers" are big companies, who are paranoid about losing their market to an upstart. A web startups users are effectively an advertising expense: spend a few thousand on bandwidth to show that if you wanted, you could take over the world, and then get a big company to buy you to prevent that from happening. There are some web startups that employ debt financing very effectively. For example, Akamai floated close to $300M of convertible bonds to fund its expansion. As a result, it effectively acquired a lock on the content-delivery business, which has allowed it to grow by leaps and bounds over the past 5 years. Without that debt financing, they'd either have to forgo their thousands of datacenters in strategically-placed locations, or they'd have diluted their equity so much that it wouldn't be worth it for them. "That thought, however, led me to consider the idea of making order of operations always evaluate left-to-right" Smalltalk does something similar. In Smalltalk, any infix operator is just a binary message send, and they're parsed left to right. So for example, 12 + 6 / 3 results in 6 instead of 14. This result seems perfectly natural to most Smalltalkers, but it drives me nuts. Personally, I think it's important to consider the audience when designing a programming language (or anything, really). Operator precedence is totally illogical and adds lots of unnecessary complexity - but it's drilled into people's heads from elementary school onwards. It's like Qwerty keyboards, American date formats, and English spelling. In most cases, though, it's better to work with people's illogical expectations than to say "No, you're wrong, here's a better way." Perhaps that's why Lisp never caught on. Boston, 2, [25, 24] I dunno about bots, but almost every social website I know is bootstrapped by having the founders comment back and forth with each other. There was an interview with Reddit where they said their first 2 months basically consisted of the two of them submitting every link they could find to their own site. When I was at inAsphere.com, the first thing we did after launch was "Okay, I want every staff member to create at least 5 fake personas, and have conversations with yourselves." So we created accounts and came up with backgrounds and personalities and stuff, and had mock arguments with ourselves on the forums. I know cross-x.com started the same way, since it was by the same founder. The only website I've been involved with which didn't seed things with a bunch of fake usernames was FictionAlley. That was largely because the site was intended to be personal, for a few friends only, and only randomly happened to catch on among the general fandom. Since it was started with more than a dozen founders, they had ample material to begin with. Of course; a site that's just the staff commenting back and forth to each other is really a circlejerk, not a webapp. That's what killed inAsphere: it really wasn't all that interesting. Even after getting all sorts of publicity, we weren't retaining visitors. And our existing userbase (we folded cross-x.com into it) was leaving not bringing their friends in. But there's a difference between a site that sucks no matter what you do and a site that could survive on its own if only it passed the initial attracting-users hurdle. Reddit's a good example of the latter: I checked it out about a week after it launched, and it was really quite boring. I came back a few months later, and it actually had a thriving community. If the Reddit founders hadn't stuck with it and just folded the site, they'd be out a few million dollars. We're basically starting with the cheapest dedicated server we could find (single $79/month Celeron from GoDaddy). No, it won't stand up to any significant load. However, there's really no reason to pay a lot of money upfront when you have no idea whether your idea will even be popular at all. Might as well save the cash up front, and expand once you know what sort of load you'll be facing. We keep all our config files in Subversion and try to automate as much of the setup process as is possible. Hopefully that'll let us expand quickly if we need to upgrade to a bigger box or split over multiple machines. We're using it at my day job, for search and indexing of financial news. I'm not directly involved with that part of the product, but I haven't heard any complaints from the programmers that are, and it seems to give us fairly nifty capabilities. Isn't this a little premature? I mean, except for PG, dshah, and perhaps a few other lurkers, very few of us have sold (or statistically, are likely to sell) a company. That said, I'd probably work on some of the other ideas I've had. Ones that are arguably more useful and more world-changing, but have little or no revenue potential. Believing yourself to be on the right side of this chart is a left-side mentality. Believing yourself to be moving from left-to-right is a right-side mentality. I actually noticed the opposite pattern: about 95% of the time, the double-check caught careless mistakes and I ended up with a higher score for it. Perhaps it was because of my typical test-taking strategy: I'd race through the questions and answer every one immediately, then I'd go back and double-check all the steps to make sure I hadn't done anything silly. I did notice that my score tended to decrease if I triple- or quadruple-checked my answers, though. GMail. It refreshes for me. Other than that - I'm trying to get some work done so I can get home at a reasonable hour and work some more on my startup. I was a latecomer to most of those technologies. I didn't get my first computer until I was 10 (1991), and didn't start using e-mail regularly until 1996 or so. Was an early adopter for the web though; first encountered it in 1993, using Lynx, and also used Mosaic and Netscape 1.0 in 1995. I think that the technologies you end up being an early-adopter of is mostly determined by luck, who your friends are. I wonder if PG has a FaceBook or MySpace account, or Twitters away, or plays Second Life. "In any case, I'd be really interested to know what people here are using today that they think everybody else will be using years from now..." Functional programming. It really does make that much of a difference. I'm a Haskeller by hobby, and my startup is Python-written-in-an-FP-style. I'm finding that almost all of my bugs are type errors, and I never get usually-much-more-common state or logic errors. Yes it is, or at least it is now.