This same submitter has spammed for this site seven times in the last 60 hours or so. I would classify that as a murder, but I don't think it would be counted as such in this data __ Generally, the number used is homicides with a gun -- that encompasses self-defense, manslaughter, police shootings, etc. For we got rid of things like having slaves be counted as 3/5 of a person of representation __ ... by amending it via formal, open process; not by selectively ignoring it. "I believe we should re-open the NFA registry" There has been essentially zero gun crime committed with legally-owned and possessed NFA weapons. "We haven't had a mass shooting since as far as I can recall" Well, no, but there weren't many before Hobart, either. But do take a look at your other crimes' rates since the confiscations, especially home invasion. And barrels aren't generally restricted, tracked, or serialized. Why the concern only about gun homicide? Does suicide get somehow worse when done with a gun as opposed to stepping in front of an Amtrak train? The obvious market and proving ground for a working "smart gun" is law enforcement (gun always on person when on duty, purchase decisions are by public agencies, etc.) So, when we see a couple of years of deployment of such a technology with major police forces, we can see if they work and are reliable. Track sales more tightly than we currently do for sudafed Ammunition purchase registration was in fact the law of the land from 1968-1986, when it was repealed because it was useless in solving crime. To quote the BATF Director: "The Bureau [of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms] and the Department [of the Treasury] have recognized that the current recordkeeping requirements for ammunition have no substantial law enforcement value." An example of the risks of the era when Texas had no nondiscretionary concealed-carry permit process was the Luby's shooting of 1991 (23 dead): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luby%27s_shooting ... because it could have been stopped: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suzanna_Hupp I don't believe this thirdhand quote for a second: "“My daddy’s in jail and he said he gets three meals a day. And sometimes my mom can’t make me food and I’m hungry.” I went home and I cried that night. This is a kindergartner. Teachers told him he was going to jail." First of all, Palo Alto is among the best and highest-resourced public school districts around. Secondly, I can't imagine any PAUSD teacher saying such a thing to any student under any circumstances. Beyond, that, Kindergarten is a single-teacher class for a given kid, so for this to be true, other teachers would have had to volunteer this unbelievable criticism to him clear out of the blue. ‘‘It’s extremely difficult to get into the United States as a refugee — the odds of winning the Powerball are probably better" Actually, their odds are over 175,000 TIMES better than winning the Powerball. 'Dr. Ben Carson conflated Syrian refugees with ‘‘rabid dogs.’’' Flat lie. That reference was about (Paris) terrorists and not about refugees from anywhere: http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/11/20/terro... Are four separate threads for the same story, submitted all at once, really necessary? https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=rhengles What is your source for this? It directly conflicts with Ambrose's book, which is perhaps the best-researched history of the trip. Members of the Corps all had a meat ration of 5 lbs. a day (when available) for everyone, including native guides (none of whom was on the whole trip) and Sacagawea. That's the common spin of the moment. What they aren't saying is why Flint switched its supply: the Detroit system drastically raised its fees to Flint (the switch saved $19 million over the first 8 years alone), and Flint was broke as it is. The city council vote to switch was 7-1, with 6 Democrats voting "yes". http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... Many articles try to imply that the lead came from the new water supplier; in fact, it leached from lead pipes the existing system used as its water mains. Yes, despite all these years of knowing the dangers of lead, neither Flint nor Detroit made any attempt to clear lead from their water delivery systems, and EPA rules allowed testing to be based on long periods of letting taps run to clear as many contaminants as possible first. And switching back to Detroit water doesn't solve the lead problem in the mains, although it may be less acute. Moore's account is partisan and largely fictional. Even Mother Jones has reported that water problems predate the system change; see comments on https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11003287 Previous discussion you can see both sides of the argument discussed here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10961513#up_10963376 Here is reporting on the original decision; note that in the 7-1 vote to change, 6 of the ayes were Democrats: http://www.mlive.com/news/flint/index.ssf/2013/03/flint_city... The bottom line is, Detroit government was gouging Flint; Flint arranged a new supplier from Lake Huron (Karegnondi Water Authority), choosing to drop Detroit's usury system once it was complete; Detroit cut them off ENTIRELY instead at the earliest date they could, leaving Flint dry for 3+ years and the Flint River as the only choice. Typical falsehood-ridden (not just spun) WP article on firearms. Errata: 1) "In the 1993 gun battle at the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Tex., for instance, the cultists "fired a .50 caliber semiautomatic rifle at agents attempting to execute a search warrant," according to a GAO report." Well, that's what a 1999 (6 years after the fact) said in passing, but its only attribution is "according to ATF". In fact, no .50 caliber bullets or damage thereof was ever found or entered into evidence. 2) "In 2013, a suspect in a police standoff in Fond du Lac, Wis., fired several .50 caliber rounds during the incident, prompting police to call in a BearCat armored vehicle." Outright fabrication. Not only did the police not claim that the .50 caliber was fired at any officer, but Rogler was not even charged with a gun crime of any kind . 3) "Overall, the gun safety group Violence Policy Center has identified at least 46 instances of .50 caliber guns being used in criminal activity." Outright fabrication. There has been exactly one criminal use of a .50 caliber rifle (Adam Wickizer, 2013) among all of the crimes in that list. That VPC document is so sloppy, they keep referring to "50 caliber" rather than .50 caliber. (50 caliber would be a 4-foot-diameter projectile) parking your car facing the 'wrong' way ... leaves conclusive evidence of two moving violations (driving on the wrong side of the street twice). You could do worse than one parking ticket. If you are looking to establish your brand as relevant, it's a poor choice. It's hard to take Medium seriously as long as they are designed to troll for (and track) reposts by adding fake fragment identifiers to all of their URLs (which they also use to defeat dupe detection). Legitimate venues don't need that kind of evasion. If you've been dumped by MSNBC , can you even claim the title of "journalist" in the first place? "If the facts aren't on your side, argue the law." Thus is the state of Medium today. I was, up to this point, unaware that all sexual harassment in workplaces was of women, by men. How can any intelligent person be so oblivious about being trolled by his own kind? Had the author been alive during the American Revolution, he would have blamed the Boston Tea Party on Native Americans, too. Interesting content, but page does not display on Chrome with adblock. Renders OK on Opera without adblock. BTW, does this mean that (((Jesus))) must be wrapped accordingly, too? Dude. This is the fourth time you alone have posted this in the last 2+ days. One benefit of this is that city streets and sidewalks will be forever protected from being damaged by sunlight. The traditional debate in accounting is " Make , or Buy ?" Theft is cheaper than either. Is this the same "Intelligence Reform" that brought the Shah into the USA, triggering the U.S. Embassy hostage crisis? "And, prior to the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando on Saturday night , executives were telling investors to expect another big bump — because of the upcoming elections ." Which directly contradicts the clickbait title. "the mass shootings are uniquely american thing" Compare levels of gun violence in two border cities with very similar demographics: El Paso, Texas and Juarez, Chihuahua State. One one side of the border, gun ownership and carry rights are quite strong. On the other, handguns are essentially banned. Which do you think has more violent crime? A commercial for offshoring jobs. Disgusting, even by Medium standards. Here's what happens in another country with strict gun control laws: http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2014/11/mexico-politic... Gun control ends gun violence as surely an (sic) antibiotics end bacterial infections That's utterly false. There's not even a strong correlation between gun bans and reductions in violent crime. (Mexico and other countries to its south are great examples.) In the U.S., the violent gun crime rate went down after the 1994 "Assault Weapons" ban lapsed. Saddest of all, this isn't even labeled as an opinion piece -- they call this "news", not an Op-Ed. This is worsened by a certain individual[1] who insists on reposting the same links multiple times a day. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=dnetesn A collection of "studies" by an anti-gun-rights author, almost all of which use 20-year-old (and up) data. Blogspam of a Wired article. YC won't be deploying the submarines until the last few hitches in the fusion reactor design are worked out, probably by the end of next week. They "fail" to mention that the reason the principals were denied ballots was not that their identity was in question but that their eligibility to vote in the given precinct was not established, because of never registering previously and not proving residency in that precinct . By throwing in a petty, prejudiced comment from the very outset ("a stocky female of South Asian complexion "), focusing on attributes completely unrelated to the case, the author's quotations lose credibility. I'm not at all surprised that they are completely mute on age diversity. In all of those showcase photos spanning all of those companies, is there a single person over the age of 35? For those out there who revile the Koch brothers: The research was funded by the Koch Institute Blogspam ripped from summaries and comments on Amazon... right down to the misspelling of "Spitze" (sic). "Yes. I have two sisters that could lose access to birth control and planned parenthood." By what specific mechanism could a Trump presidency cause them to lose access to birth control or abortion? Have you read Roe v Wade (or even the Constitution, for that matter) at all ? Again, describe the mechanism by which this could happen. "... a new law defunding planned parenthood and/or banning abortion" Not giving Federal taxpayer money to PP doesn't stop them from doing abortions (they officially claim they use no taxpayer funds for abortion anyway), and you can't ban abortion via statute due to Roe v Wade having supremacy. (BTW, PP does a minority of abortions in the USA.) Even if the USSC wanted to replace Roe v Wade, they can't just do that by decree. A relevant case that would give them that nexus would have to navigate itself all the way up the chain from Federal court through the corresponding Court of Appeals (assuming they even hear the case), winning all the way in courts laden with Obama appointees, to even get on the USSC's radar. You didn't understand what you claim to have read. All private media (print, radio, and TV) make a lot from ad buys. At the local level, political consultants and mailhouses (those who print and send those glossy mailers -- the original tree-killing meme) make their living off elections. No, for a variety of reasons. First of all, it wouldn't pass, because Democrats would vote 95% against and Republicans at most 75% for. But even if it DID pass the House, the Senate would just filibuster it. And even if by some miracle one was passed and signed, it would hit an immediate injunction from the Federal court of the abortion-backers' choice, using Roe as a precedent. The concept makes for a good scare tactic to raise contributions and volunteers, but it goes nowhere in the real world. No, they can't . If you have any friends who went to law school, perhaps they could explain it to your satisfaction. Marbury v. Madison laid out these mechanisms over 210 years ago. In other words, you fear that Republicans might pull a trick similar to what Reid did 3 years ago in implementing the " nuclear option "[1]? Did you protest that at the time, or since? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster_in_the_United_State... "Clinton's projected by the NY Times to win the popular vote by 1.2% right now." So much for any of their projections. The actual popular vote difference is 202,340 -- less than 0.17% of votes cast. that favour the removal of Roe v Wade You seem to be totally unfamiliar with the actual case and the justices' opinions. Five of the seven who supported the plaintiff (e.g. to uphold abortion rights) were Republican appointees . "If anyone opposes him, he'll have them fired, blackballed, or tormented until they quit either in disgust or humiliation." You mean like how the CEO of Grubhub is doing an "ideological cleansing" of his company now[0]? [0] 11/10 http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/11/10/boss-tells-pro-trump-em... This is a power of the governor If true (I haven't read the VA constitution), it's totally unprecedented to restore voting rights for everyone in a class with no regard to the facts of individual cases. The partisan motive is obvious. They were off by more than a percentage point . The NYT's vote differential reported Tuesday afternoon was 1.2%; the actual was less than one-seventh of that. She ended up with a 1-2% preference You are off by an order of magnitude there. As of Wednesday afternoon, the actual popular vote difference was less than 0.17% of votes cast . Have you heard of this newfangled thing called a "search engine"? https://duckduckgo.com/?q="We+are+going+to+have+to+rebuild+w... The only answer I have for this happening is blatant sexism. Of course -- it couldn't possibly be because it's yet another short Medium post promoted only by its author. Beck fed lies and hate to incite an angry mob Specific examples? Exactly what book is being reviewed here? "research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm" I take it that you've never read such research yourself; that's a gross misinterpretation (the "said firearm" qualifier is outright false). Our governments make extensive plans to deal with these situations Really? Look how long it's taken multiple layers of government (especially the Federal government) to deal with the Flint water crisis or the Animas river disaster... despite having no disaster-introduced transportation or resource barriers. "7. July 4th is no longer a public holiday. November 2nd will be a new national holiday. It will be called "Indecisive Day."" Did he confuse the 8th (election day 1996) with the 2nd? "Not those of us who've been buying guns, but primarily rifles, of military utility in ever greater numbers, starting in the George W. Bush administration" Actually, gun ownership surged during the early Clinton administration in response to his party's push for gun bans and the "Brady Bill". "...paid leave, higher minimum wage, protecting abortion, stopping Republican voter suppression..." When she was a Senator, she did absolutely nothing on any of those fronts ( or immigration)... even when Democrats controlled the White House and Congress, including a filibuster-proof Senate majority. Technically , she was also Senator for two weeks while Bill was still President in January 2001. The broader point is that she made no efforts in those areas on the legislative front, even when Democrats held the majority in both houses. You made a very specific claim ("research shows that gun owners and their families are far, far more likely to be injured or killed by said firearm"), then when called on it, you threw out a number of quotes (from specifically anti-RKBA sources) unrelated to your claim. That false claim is often quoted from the Kellerman study, but an examination of his data (it took years for him to release it) revealed that in almost all such homicides, it was a gun that the intruder brought with him (predominantly male) and not one the victim owned. ( Kates , 2001) The residents' gun could have been locked up in the basement, and Kellerman counted it anyway. Or, do you have different research in mind that supports that claim? Here is one, very specific study that indirectly confirms exactly this. Interviews of 100 incarcerated felons (with a specific incentive to discourage gun ownership), without any actual data (even anecdotal), confirms nothing. Did you bother to read any of your quoted research before cutting-and-pasting? Yet again, you dodge the question, and yet again, you refer to media articles that quote no actual data . I read each of the "studies" you refer to in the years they were released , and many, many more. I've been studying criminology for 23 years. Repeating the "I'm not anti-gun" mantra whilst referring only to anti-RKBA sources (and misquoting those ) reinforces intellectual dishonesty. And as for "Their chance of being a victim of violent crime such as home invasion or car jacking is unbelievably tiny", you really haven't examined the data. There are dozens of carjackings and home invasions (aka "hot burglary" - entering when residents are present) each month in the Bay Area alone. If you rely only on media reports, they are typically reported only as "burglaries". What is actually "unbelievably tiny" is one's odds of being killed by an "assault weapon", yet phony claims to the contrary drive the media narrative. Drownings excluding those in swimming pools exceed homicide by "assault weapon" in the U.S. what I said was... No, what you said you preceded with "My understanding( is that research shows* that...", acknowledging that you hadn't actually done the research. The raw data speaks for itself Then why won't you present any? Why can't you support this claim you keep repeating? accidental gun injury or death is sadly commonplace Nobody has questioned that. Nationwide, there are about 100 burglary-homicides every year. Repeating: your source is? do you believe that using lethal force to protect property is ok? When an armed party has broken into a home, knowing residents are present , only a fool would assume that only personal property is at risk. There's a fundamental difference in home invasion from, say, breaking into an unoccupied vehicle. cover the 2016 election with agility and creativity Isn't that exactly the problem -- getting a little too creative rather than objectively reporting ? They suffer no consequences at all. For example[0]: "The measure that's sure to evoke the most debate — and which has already done so — is his plan to extend the use of background checks to cover more sales at gun shows. In 2013, after a strong push from the president, the Senate blocked an effort to expand background checks at gun shows." In fact, existing Federal laws for gun shows are exactly the same as for retail stores. What the claim attacks is gun shows themselves, as an event and meeting place ("nurseries of sedition and rebellion," as Charles II referred to coffeehouses). It goes on to seek exactly one legal opinion -- from a prominent gun ownership opponent: "Here's where we are now: A guy who owns a gun store is a dealer and runs a background check. A guy who wants to sell his one rifle to his neighbor isn't a dealer and doesn't have to conduct one." In fact a dealer wouldn't have to do a background check on a rifle anyway, and it's not the individual owner who does a chack anyway when it is necessary (e.g. handgun transfers) -- it's a licensed dealer, accessing the DOJ system. Later: "Gun shows are the embodiment of that loophole. He imitated a carnival barker. "'Minors! People with felony records! Step right up!'" Again, a flat lie decorated with a deliberately inflammatory example -- laws are the same inside or outside of gun shows. [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/01/05/is... "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . "Popular vote For Clinton 50.4% ... For Trump 49.6%" The NYT just can't stop lying in their election coverage. The true percentages were 47.9% vs 47.1% as of 18:50 EST per CBS. It does, however, fit their narrative that Clinton won a "majority" of the popular vote, as opposed to a plurality . It's even worse than you state -- those are just percentage points off, not full percentage off. To restate: Wisconsin last poll 41% for trump, Wisconsin result 49% (~8 percentage points off, or 20% off ) Michigan last poll 42% for trump, Michigan result 48% (~6 percentage points off, or 14% off ) North Carolina last poll 45% for trump, North carolina result 51% (~6 percentage points off, or 13% off ) Florida last poll 45% for trump, Florida result 49% (~4 percentage points off, or 9% off ) "Producing and using the newly discovered oil and gas will also contribute to climate change, ..." In PBS' bias, supply creates demand. In fact, it will have a neutral effect -- it will merely replace imported oil and gas. (If the gas is venting naturally right now, capping and storing it would have a (miniscule) negative impact on "greenhouse gas"). Clickbait blogspam site. Every article seems to be almost a word-for-word copy if its referenced source. All postings from this site are from the same person, like mattermark. "I’m always lighting a fire to push an agenda that inevitably makes things significantly better." It's ironic that this anti-Trump screed co-opts an equivalent of "make America great again." It goes on: "get the Republican Electoral College to block Donald Trump get the Democratic Electoral College to write-in Michael Bloomberg" of course, there is no such thing as either a Republican or Democrat Electoral College; it's a nonpartisan entity. "Trump got elected because Facebook & the FBI messed up" The FBI appointees were all Obama's, and Facebook executives donated far more to Democrat campaigns and PACs than to Republicans. ... and look how well that worked out. Will Yelp ever address the plague of fake accounts? What mechanism do they use to control your eyes, your hand, and your brain, forcing you to read their content in its entirety? And is it the same mechanism that keeps you from clicking "Hide" on such content? If this mechanism could be isolated and productized, we could make a fortune on it! Let's not be disingenuous. There's tons and tons of stories like this. Out of these "tons and tons", surely you can provide us with links to your favorite ten or so examples? "Well, if a white person cites that research as a reason to halt immigration and preserve their racial and cultural homogeneity." You keep inventing stuff. None of the immigration comments referred to race/ethnicity in any way. You do realize that white people immigrate too, right? Typical BANG (Bay Area News Group) spin. What the report[0] actually counts is startups that have at least one foreign-born person listed as a founder... even those who came to the US as children and/or are US citizens. [0] http://nfap.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Immigrants-and-Bi... Postings like these remind me of the final Seinfeld thread about the group filming a crime and ridiculing the victim rather than doing anything to warn or intervene. I was mainly referring to the general case of people setting up cameras to film ice hazard roadways (especially in residential neighborhoods) for "entertainment" and do nothing to prevent or mitigate it. This user was created within a minute of this article being posted. I'm sure it's just coincidence. So this is what they've been working on instead of fixing coverage holes or support. This account was created just minutes after this posting and immediately commented on it. I'm sure it's just coincidence. (paywalled) To be fair, its owner had asked to be seated in the smoking section. It's not adjusted for reduced time spent on actual classroom and prep time or for increased benefits and pensions. "Right-wing governments had no interest in educating the workers or investing in anything other than the landowners' exports." Gee, no bias there. something unprecedented in U.S. history Hardly. For 10 such examples, see: http://thefederalist.com/2016/02/16/10-times-democrats-vowed... Blogspam of / plagiarized from http://zetcode.com/lang/csharp/oopii/ Is there anything on your site (for which only you seem to post) that isn't simply cut-and-pasted from somebody else's work? This is the 22ND Stackexchange article this submitter has shoveled over here in the past 4 days alone. https://news.ycombinator.com/submitted?id=e-sushi