Gentrification, as I've heard it called, has its benefits as well as costs. As artists (or other creative types, like hackers :) move in and beautify a place, demand from professionals goes up and prices skyrocket. Even with the overall real estate market going down, I'm having a heck of a time finding a combined office/apartment at what seems like a reasonable price in my city, which is currently going through a major downtown renovation. If only Detroit wasn't so cold... The hockey and outdoor activities would actually be quite nice, though I have easy access to good hiking where I live now. A ridiculously cheap summer home would also be fun, but when I think about it, I always come to the conclusion that the benefits of the summer home "feature" are outweighed by the long-term maintenance costs. [Edit: though if a large hacker-driven entrepreneurial project actually managed to take over a city block, I would seriously consider moving in. I wonder how the music is in Detroit these days...] Agree with the sunlight recommendation. In my case, controlling light levels makes all the difference. I need it pitch black when I'm supposed to be sleeping (whenever that is), with gradually increasing light when I need to get up. Some motorized blinds and a sunrise simulating alarm (possibly linked into a home automation system) might help, since the sun comes up too early during the summer and late in the winter at high latitudes. I wouldn't recommend it -- from what I've heard, rooster meat is really tough. It's possible to mock up a hardware design in software (just look at console emulators). That gives one a cheap way to demonstrate ideas that can be used to attract investors. Plus, the software version is a useful platform for testing new ideas and identifying hardware bugs. If your hardware idea is radically different from any existing device (rather than using software to make the hardware unique), you can still use physical models to simulate actual mechanical inputs (like accelerometers). Otherwise, you can just find an existing hardware platform and hack it to run your software. The discussion on Groklaw ( http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20090330130655372 ) may be useful to anyone not familiar with the implications of this news (which businessinsider.com is quoting from CNET). To my knowledge, this is a subject that is rarely if ever covered in US schools (I don't recall seeing anything related to software internationalization listed at my university). I'd suggest that those who want to promote translatable software start by encouraging schools to teach their students how to externalize strings, deal with wide characters, etc. The "something real" that was created in the article is a mind mapping web app. Clearly there is a need for a really good mind mapping and idea tracking software, since so many people are taking a stab at the problem (myself included). http://www.phoronix.com/ http://www.groklaw.net/ http://arstechnica.com/ Phoronix can be a good source of updates on a wide variety of software and hardware, and is the source of the biggest Linux benchmark suite, but can sometimes be shallow and dull. Groklaw is always insightful and informative. Ars is usually good, particularly Nobel Intent, but it is starting to drift into the realm of sensationalism. This is very exciting. I use Linux on my desktop, laptop, servers, and embedded devices. I was getting kind of tired of the latency tradeoffs made to improve throughput. The kernel developers are really good at what they do, but like most geeks, sometimes they need a virtual kick in the head to realize that there might be a better way to do something. I'll be trying out his new scheduler as soon as I get a chance to compile a new kernel. I hope it works with the realtime patches. Vim supports undo trees. In addition to the :earlier and :later commands mentioned elsewhere in the comments, there is the :undolist command which lists the tree, and :undo n which jumps to a numbered point in the undo tree. If only it were easy to take the vim undo implementation and bolt it onto any program... I suppose I see using a "one size fits all" scheduler as inherently full of tradeoffs between desktop, realtime, server, and 4096-core-compute-system requirements. IMO distributions and kernel hackers should be able to choose a scheduler that is optimal for their target audience. RHEL would probably stick with CFS, but Ubuntu Studio could use something more latency-oriented, like BFS. Maybe if CK keeps bringing up the issue, eventually someone will figure out an optimal way of measuring perceived latency that will prove or disprove the anecdotes given by CK's "followers." I thought this analysis might provide some useful legal understanding to those of us starting software businesses. This is an argument that people have been making and refuting almost since the dawn of the OSF and FSF. Eric S. Raymond's The Cathedral and the Bazaar addresses this: http://catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-baz... . Essentially, the counterargument is that for popular projects (like the Linux kernel, Apache, etc.), the increased number of eyes on the code will catch more bugs, making up for the ability of attackers to read the code. Referring to the WordPress worm in particular, Reynolds claims (second paragraph under The Problem) that it's not WordPress's fault that its software is buggy, it's Open Source's fault. That seems like claiming that it's not Pons and Fleischmann's fault that cold fusion didn't work, it's science's fault for encouraging them to publish their results. The real problem is that people run out-of-date versions of Internet-facing software. A lot of discussion on LWN and on the LKML seems to focus on the "unbenchmarkability" of UI interactiveness. This is just a guess, but maybe Con's background as an anesthesiologist (rather than a programmer) causes him to understand feelings better than measurements. If I were to assign blame for the latency problems I experience, I would place it on the 100-call-deep stacks that are used to deliver events in Gtk+ and Qt, and on the binary Nvidia driver's lack of good 2D+compositing acceleration. Sci-fi quantum physics takes care of that. Eventually, two correlated ideas randomly pop into existence, and then it's just a race to see how many more ideas you can build on them within 5 minutes. In my experience, having a regular 40-hour-a-week job really destroys my creativity. There's more to being creative than just having some time to spend on creative projects; after doing lots of monotonous things for someone else I used to find myself completely unmotivated to do anything. I think this relates to the feeling among creative types that some business management types don't understand that creativity isn't measured in hours. To tie it into YC, think of the manager's schedule vs. the maker's schedule. A few hours a day after working eight hours for someone else isn't really enough time to get into creative mode. To provide a single anecdote, I am able to get full on two dollar menu items. You don't have to stick to what they define as a "meal" (i.e. burger, fries, soda). If I'm short on time or cash, I can get two double cheeseburgers, or a chicken sandwich plus a salad, for less than $3, drink a glass and a half of water with it, and be full until the next meal. Whether just anyone can do that is another question. I still think it's interesting that, even though the violinist knew which violin he was playing, the audience liked him playing the Opus 58 violin better than playing his own Stradivarius, which he could have been subconsciously influenced to play better because of its familiarity. WattVision sounds like it would be useful as a backend for one part of my YC W10 proposal. I hope to get the opportunity to work with them in the future. Any other Acid Pro users? Here's my equipment/software list: Acid Pro ZynAddSubFX Loads of VST plugins Lexicon PCM81 BSS BLU-160 (this is an installed sound processor that I cajole into doing bizarre and unintended things) Some AKG mics Wurlitzer epiano Ensoniq SQ-80 MicroKORG A couple other keyboards Here are some old tracks from when I used to use myspace: http://myspace.com/n2a I finished 3rd grade reading 5th grade books. In the 4th and 5th grade I was outside playing basketball while the rest of class had to complete their reading assignments. I commend your accomplishments. Still, it seems there was an opportunity lost here. Instead of allowing you to continue to advance, you were held back (in a way) until the rest of the kids caught up to you. Similar experiences in my own earlier education soured my taste for school, though in my case I remember being given explicit directions to stop working ahead and wait for the class to catch up, on multiple occasions. It's my view that certification is an attempt by non-programmers to find some substitute metric that allows them to measure a programmer's worth instead of using the only metric that should matter, the quality of their actual work. I'm not convinced that this is necessary or even possible. Could someone please explain to me why a market-based meritocracy for programmers isn't good enough? The good programmers either establish a reputation and references by doing quality work for other companies, or they can provide examples of code they wrote independently. I think that the lack of mandatory certification is one thing that has allowed software to become such a vibrant field. It's as much an artistic or creative profession as an engineering profession. For the jobs that require engineering precision, a developer's work (or an artist-for-hire's portfolio) should be sufficient qualification. In my experience, CS professors like automating the grading process as much as possible. It's conceivable that your assistant professor was upset she couldn't just run your app through the grading script. Color correction of an 8-bit-per-channel image will leave gaps in the color histogram. It's usually possible to conceal those gaps, though, by blurring the image slightly or adding some noise. I like what you're doing with openphotovr.org. I've seen too many private research projects and not enough released software in the general arena of putting 2D images into a 3D scene. If you could add the ability to generate a polygon mesh (or at least voxels), that would be sweet... Just out of curiosity I looked at some of your older posts on your other accounts (turning on showdead). Being relatively new here myself (about 7 months) I can't speak for the staff or the downvoters, but if you were to look at your posting history over the past 21 days you might be able to infer the behaviors that get them upset. You might even try a statistical analysis of your killed posts if you really want to understand what is triggering the automatic kill switch. The point I want to make is that when participating in a community, there is usually a natural feedback process that allows one to discover the rules and values of that community. If one does something out of line, the community will swiftly react. Multiple negative reactions are a sign that one's behavior isn't in line with the community's standards, and should be used as an input to the decision-making loop that says, "Wait, maybe they don't like it when I do X all the time." Then, you either decide to adapt to the community, or you leave. Also, most communities will only accept a limited amount of correction from any given source, which varies by source and by community. One of the behaviors that's likely to earn repeated negative feedback is trying to change the community more than allowed by one's standing within the community. Unless you find yourself short on screen space, or frequently have to type really long URLs, the Ctrl+K combination to get straight to the keyword box is equally useful for those who use one search engine (Google in my case) significantly more than the others. I don't know what the Mac equivalent would be. From a comment: 3) Set pallette [sic] (port 0x3C8 & 0x3C9) I grew quite nostalgic when I read that line. I have fond memories of tweaking the VGA palette back in my DOS days. Palette manipulation made it easy to do some kinds of special effects that would take a lot of GPU power today. There was actually an experimental version of tvtime that would wait on port 0x3DA for vertical sync (to work around the lack of sufficient vsync support in X). I tried to convince vektor to keep it in, because that's the best my TV had ever looked, anywhere, on any device. Have you worked with hugin or panotools? You could do something similar to find common points in images instead of having to map images by hand. Space leaks are still possible in a managed language if you forget to nullify every reference to an old object, or if your garbage collector doesn't delete objects that have a chain of circular references, and accessing a null reference still gives a NullPointerException. GC is nice, and real-time garbage collectors (such as rollendurchmesserzeitsammler) make managed languages useful in more situations, but they don't entirely free the programmer from thinking about memory management issues. Be sure to check out the "Story of Mel," linked from one of the comments on the article: http://www.cs.utah.edu/~elb/folklore/mel.html A bit more HN worthy than the buggy graffiti, perhaps. Shyness itself is simply a manifestation of low self-esteem. I disagree with this assertion. I contend that it is possible for shyness to be caused by a lack of understanding of accepted social protocols. For example, a person who is perceived as shy may not know when it's appropriate or inappropriate to (for example) approach a stranger or interrupt a conversation, and therefore doesn't try. In my previous jobs, there were visible lines drawn between management and workers, with different colors representing each. On a serious note, my first job I ever had was at a startup, as the ~25th employee. There was a culture of promotion, and people who started at the bottom eventually worked their way to the top. The most recent job I left before starting my own company, however, was a relatively large corporation (though I was in a very small division). There was relatively little promotion through the ranks, and a lot more direct hiring into management positions. Has anyone else observed such an inverse correlation between company size and the likelihood of promotion? Don't forget that Gates started Traf-O-Data before making it big with Microsoft. I suspect that Oracle is responsible for a lot of "invisible" software that runs some really important systems. Apple is big because of their portable consumer electronics as much as because of the Mac, and the typical consumer probably spends more time with their phone or music player than their computer. FWIW, I use Microsoft software maybe once a week at best, and I don't use anything by Apple (unless you count CUPS). Alt+Middle-click allows one to resize a window in most X11 window managers without moving the cursor to a window border. Middle-click also pastes the clipboard in most X11 apps. Finally, I used to bind middle-click to next weapon in Quake 3 (since I bound the mouse wheel directions to the rocket launcher and rail gun), and zoom in other games. I've seen 5x used in pro audio from BOM to retail. SparkFun has been operating nationally (internationally?) for years. You'd think somebody at SPARC would've noticed by now. If I were SparkFun, I'd expect that SPARC's inaction over all these years would count for something. +1 for non-monetary/intangible benefits. Even my ancient (early 90s) 3 series is an amazing drive, and well worth the disintegrating door panels and various other problems. I've driven a variety of cars, old and new, and this is my favorite so far. There are some products that, because of attention to detail or other design features, are a pleasure to use, even if their performance on paper is worse. It seems that there may be a use for an ldd-like utility that doesn't actually load the binary, for use by security researchers. Now that I know it makes perfect sense, but intuitively I would have expected ldd to just read the data from the binary directly instead of relying on the system loader. Originally, a Google search for some Linux-related terminology would lead to an LKML post or white paper where that technology was explained. Now, most of my searches lead to dozens of user-oriented self-help forums where the questions are never answered. Finding information on actual development now requires knowing which sites/lists to search (like LKML, alsa-devel, kernel subsystem maintainer sites, etc.). Plura sounds pretty cool. I had the vague notion a while ago that society could benefit by somehow using games to solve real-world problems (somewhat like on Stargate Universe). I'm glad to see this is being explored. In the voice world, they call anything above an 8kHz sampling rate "HD audio." It's the next big thing in voice conferencing: 16kHz sampling rate! The comfort noise (noise played by a phone so you know it hasn't disconnected) never sounded so clear! Naturally, it's all patented and proprietary. Meanwhile there are open source systems capable of CD quality audio at speech latencies ( http://www.celt-codec.org/ ), but why use that when you can pay for an AMR-WB license? Actually, I set up an Asterisk PBX once for a demonstration of an HD voice system with a 48kHz/24-bit AEC system that was shown at Infocomm, and it does sound nice. How is that significantly different from any other method of disposing mostly-clean water? Either it goes through another use cycle downstream (if the sewer system drains into a river), evaporates, and is recovered as precipitation, or it just evaporates and is recovered as precipitation. The water is still part of the water cycle. Indeed. With the xorl title I was expecting an article about quickly setting a register to zero and various other optimization tricks. Unfortunately, when copying and pasting the right-to-left version, the text becomes left-to-right again (i.e. backward). This is an awesome-looking tool. Similarly to other commenters, I had a DOS program when I was young called Game Wizard or something like that would compare memory states looking for values that changed or stayed the same, as some games tried to obscure their lives counter with addition and multiplication. Having the colored activity visualization would've made things even easier. It would be cool to have something like this that works for modern native software, visualizing malloc()d/free()d blocks (or garbage collector behavior), etc., almost like a realtime Valgrind. I've realized that the times when I manage to force myself to implement just one more feature for the day, refactor one more API, etc. are the most productive. So, I try to keep that in mind when my focus is waning and I want to skip off to HN or Hulu, and things get done. One word of advice for retaining your current attention span: do NOT, under any circumstances, start playing any of the Tony Hawk games. The ability to instantly reset the level when a mistake is made destroyed my attention span when Tony Hawk 2 came out years ago. It took me a month to realize this and get back to a normal level (exaggerating, of course). I read most of the Graphics Programming Black Book by Abrash in high school. I read through the first section on assembly optimization almost completely in order, and used some of the graphics algorithms in an ancient Linux framebuffer project. Great book for learning about performance considerations. Unfortunately the included CD-ROM was crushed early in my ownership of the book. Or, perhaps, instead of data entry, a more universal data format and communication protocol for exchanging and synchronizing date information, so that supermarket purchases, websites etc. automatically add the data to a person's centralized calendaring system. This is something I want to make a (small) part of my current project, so someone please beat me to it, and then you can make a plugin for my project once I've launched :). At least with nuclear power the byproducts are stored in nearly-indestructible containers. Where are the byproducts of coal-fired generation stored? Maybe now they'll finally make a finished Linux port of the engine for all of those Linux-based smartphones. The assembly language used by Sharc DSPs has an algebraic syntax rather than using all mnemonics, and loops are pretty easy to create as well (at least compared to x86 or, as my current project uses, PIC). Other than strlen, string operations can be faster with null-terminated strings. Plus, there are other benefits: If you want to turn some arbitrary data into a string, just put a 0 byte where you want it to end. Instead of having to increment and compare both a counter and a pointer (or store a final pointer for comparison) in string-manipulation operations, you just increment the pointer. It makes for very concise loops in strchr, etc. Tokenizing a string is just a matter of throwing down 0 bytes where the tokens are (as strtok does). Passing a tailing subset of a string to a function is as easy as adding an integer to the string pointer, rather than requiring a memcpy and length calculation. sizeof() is used to determine the actual in-memory size of something for use by memcpy/malloc/etc., not the number of elements. There are commonly-used array size macros that can help with this, such as #define ARRAY_SIZE(x) sizeof(x)/sizeof((x)[0]) Storing size separately from the character data, rather than as a prefix to the character data, would indeed alleviate some of the potential problems of a size+data string. I could see myself using such an implementation in situations where the minimal overhead of allocating a separate area on the stack or heap for the size+pointer struct is negligible. Expanding strings would certainly be a lot easier, and it would open the posibility (as you mentioned) for complex data sharing among strings, similarly to Qt4. I don't see any reason for all cultures to have a negative view of nepotism. Were I a parent, I'd certainly try to provide the best possible platform for my children on which to build their careers. I see nepotism as wrong only when it comes at too great a cost to the company or country in which it is practiced, or violates laws or company policies. Maybe someone should create a group for hackers who formerly worked for an MR-started company. It was a great sob story until he tried to promote his wireless thing at the end... Then I just had to laugh. Is there a list of websites that provide services based on the street performer protocol (or something similar)? I like the whole escrow release idea, kind of how Blender was made open source. For those who don't want to run the numbers: .9 + .5 * .1 == 95% .5 * 1 + .5 * .9 == 95% Selective pressures on early humans "caused" them to behave as though they were experiencing emotion and demonstrating a sense of self, because those were the ones that got more food and produced more offspring. If dogs have evolved to demonstrate some of the behaviors humans do, how can anyone prove that they are simply mimicking those behaviors instead of actually experiencing the same neurochemical reaction we do? It seems to me this could easily slide into a philosophical zombie argument. If dogs continue to be bred for human-like qualities for thousands more years, and eventually come to mimic nearly every human behavior, are they any different from humans at that point? Or are they actually just zombie animals demonstrating behavior without actually "experiencing" anything? I was hoping this story would be about actual snowflakes discovered with unusual structures. "I am extremely" provides further amusement as a search suggestion prefix. I think there would be nothing cooler than to be able to "pirate" food. Farming would become a niche operation for those who love it, and those who want "real" food, while most of the world would live on "photocopied" watermelon, bread, and steak. If read in order (at least the first dozen or so), the NeHe guides do explain the purpose of each line of code with reasonable clarity. A decent programmer who is a beginner at OpenGL can use the NeHe guides to get started. I'd agree, though, that a novice programmer should have some additional guidance if using NeHe to learn C programming and OpenGL. Now I have to wonder if caverns like this can survive a plunge into the mantle, a la The Core. If someone legally authorized to translate a book doesn't have the right to translate the book, then something is horribly wrong with copyright. In my reading, trolls rarely have just one patent. They tend to buy silly, trivial patents in bulk from wherever they can. Since a single lost lawsuit could cause the troll to lose only those patents they assert in the suit, the damage to them is minimal. I think this makes trolling even more insidious -- even if you (as a startup) win, you lose. As with any other job or profession, if society no longer has a need for accountants, they will have to find something else to do. In my view tax accountants shouldn't be necessary for the vast majority of individuals. I view them (as a profession, not as individuals) as just another middleman leeching value from the supply chain, enabled by a complicit government. Let them work for people and businesses who have too much money to manage alone, and let the common person (which in this case I'll define as anyone with less than 5 sources of income including bank interest) have a simple tax system that he or she can manage alone. I've experienced this before -- a project designed by database coders to process data not naturally represented by a database metaphor. I guess it's necessary in order to see the blocks at the bottom, but the ultra-wide field of view makes it hard to tell visually when the blocks have reached the top two levels. Maybe because people know by now that C doesn't hold your hand :). The compiler did exactly what you told it to do. And, in fact, since C is frequently used for writing operating system code, what you wrote may actually be a valid operation if the OS maps critical functions into page 0 (which I believe some older systems did). The paragraph above is not a quote of Ballmer. There is no actual context provided to say what Ballmer meant by "that," only what the reporter says Ballmer meant. Perhaps that is what the GP meant. Untested hypothesis: maybe adding some nearly-trivial randomized content, such as a quote from a public domain quote database, can allow you to claim a new copyright each time the page is served? Another thing to consider is that dated publications may help in the future if someone accuses you of stealing their idea (or vice versa). What sort of keywords would one enter into a search engine to find such a library? The nature of peer-to-peer networks is that personal use is distribution. Treating file sharing as equivalent to mass-producing unlicensed DVDs contributes to the public's outrage. You're right. Downloading is much easier. Shoplifting requires one to: 1. Get out of the house 2. Remove an actual product from a physical store, so the loss will be physically noticed 3. Defeat the RFID tags on the merchandise (most stuff worth shoplifting is tagged) 4. Walk past the store greeters without looking suspicious (something an average mostly-honest person would struggle with) Thinking about it... Couldn't the protocols not advertise the parts of the file the sharer has, but, instead, receive a list of wanted parts from the downloader and respond with some, but perhaps not every, part of the file? What would happen to these lawsuits if nobody ever shared the whole file with anyone? This relates to an idea I had: create a "fair use" file sharing network, by posting carefully-chosen 10 to 30 second "review" clips of songs on various web sites, then distribute a tool (script, program, whatever) that can locate the pieces and reassemble them. That's the US GDP divided by the US population, which is not the same as mean or median earned income. You probably don't need to write a driver if the controller plugs into the Xbox's controller port. You can just download the Xbox controller drivers written by others. That said, you may find the following resources useful (I certainly have): Linux Device Drivers (a very helpful book, but the kernel API has changed a bit since its release): http://lwn.net/Kernel/LDD3/ Windows Driver Development Kit (use Google to find the XP or Server 2003 versions if you need to develop for XP): http://www.microsoft.com/whdc/devtools/WDK/default.mspx libusb (write cross-platform USB drivers without touching kernel code): http://www.libusb.org/ http://libusb-win32.sourceforge.net/ If you want to create a new device that's worth writing drivers for, start here (the USB Bit Whacker): http://www.sparkfun.com/commerce/product_info.php?products_i... http://www.curdes.com/gnupic/GnuPic.html http://www.microchip.com/forums/tm.aspx?m=123533 It's kind of strange that they built something custom instead of just implementing it as a couple standard HID devices with an internal hub. Depending on the USB chip/microcontroller used, it can be a lot easier to just toss in a bunch of vendor-specific requests instead of adhering to all the requirements of an HID-class device (though I haven't analyzed the Xbox controller itself, so I don't know if that's what was done). Also, there's no need to use an internal hub, as a single USB device ("function" in the USB spec, IIRC) can have multiple "interfaces" that implement different (or the same) classes, such as HID, CDC, mass storage, or vendor-specific. The idea was borne more of intellectual curiosity than an actual desire to implement a new way of breaking copyright. I agree that the best approach is a revamped copyright system that promotes the progress of science and the useful arts while accounting for the modern reality of near-zero-cost distribution. If anything I would expect two crowds to form, the larger of which being an "anti-snob" crowd that says, "If it wasn't on a developer's personal blog, it isn't worth reading!" In true geek form, of all the posts to which I wanted to reply, I couldn't resist pointing out that "queues" could technically be correct in this context, as in message queuing in a conversation. I think that creating a print head will be the biggest difficulty an open printer project would encounter. They might be able to look at expired inkjet patents to avoid duplicating the last 40 years of printing research, but then they still have to find a way to manufacture the jets. I think there is some collective head-in-the-sand in the geek community because what people apparently want is not at all like what geeks want. I had an epiphany (albeit a minor one) when thinking about this problem. I asked myself, "Why do I have such a problem with Apple's closed app store?" The conclusion I reached is that a core part of my geek personality involves resisting authority figures that I didn't choose, whether it's manifest through running Linux instead of Windows or starting my own company instead of pursuing a traditional career. I suspect that, to an enterprising and independent geek, accepting Apple's way is like giving up the fight for independence from unwanted authority figures. This needs to have a recording of the Apple II disk drive at the beginning of the video. I've heard (though I can't substantiate) that in some locations it is illegal to record, film, or photograph a police officer performing his or her duties. So, if this is true, in your scenario evidence of officers misbehaving wouldn't help you because it was obtained illegally. I think that students should be given a selection of work ranging from easy to challenging and encouraged to choose the most demanding work they can. After a few iterations to allow the teacher to gently nudge kids toward their optimal difficulty, the students are evaluated based on their proficiency and chosen difficulty. This process should be repeated throughout their education to compensate for "late bloomers." The terminology used to communicate to the students may have to be altered so as to prevent students from feeling obligated to choose a higher difficulty than they should, such as saying "choose the kind of work you find most enjoyable and least boring," so it sounds like a horizontal rather than vertical separation. No, but both of my parents are teachers, and I was in a poorly-structured (IMO) gifted program for a year of elementary school. I also worked as a math tutor when I was in high school, and still tutor family friends on rare occasions. My suggestion is based on a combination of what I think would've helped me perform better when I was in school and my observations of other students. I found The World is Flat to be a useful insight into conservative economic thinking. I also interpreted it as an attempt to persuade the conservative political and economic base to take a more global look at their activities using their own language, rather than as an accurate treatise on globalization. In that context, I was able to get past his obeisance to the corporate superpowers of America and his other inaccuracies, and see points that may be valuable. Even though I frequently disagree with their opinions, Friedman and another conservative, George Will, are two of my favorite editorialists. Maybe the fact that I'm neither liberal nor conservative contributes to my enjoyment of their writing. It's our sense of mission and purpose in the world. It's something that nobody else has. Whether that's true now is debatable in my opinion. I think the American dream has been perverted into a lust for enhanced mediocrity. People where I live seem to want to get a job with good benefits, a decent house, and a nice TV, so they can just get through their lives by watching sports and reality shows. Everyone wants to be the best middle-class, Prozac-popping average Joe they can be. This seems to be how Qt4 is. It's a great API to work with, but unfortunately results in 50-call-deep stacks (not an exaggeration -- I have to set valgrind to --num-callers=50 to get reasonable stack traces) and a lot of latency. That plus bugs in the new QGraphicsScene API are making me consider switching to something lower level, like Clutter or my old friend OpenGL. I suppose my post was more inflammatory than necessary. I don't really have any problem with people who know what makes them happy and manage to achieve it. What I don't like to see in the community around me is people who have no desire to see the "big picture" or how they fit into it, trusting their senator/boss/etc. to do that for them. People seem to me to be lacking a concept that they are part of a bigger system, except when the media reminds them of the fact. There's also the free CamStudio for Windows. The UI is clunky, but it works pretty well. [1] Because my undergraduate degree was in physics. I presume that if I'd studied undergrad EE someone would have mentioned along the way that my B.S. wouldn't actually qualify me to design a commercially-available table lamp without adult supervision. Some schools are probably better, but I left my university after learning from graduated students that the dream course I was looking forward to, where all of the requirements would make sense and I would finally be told what I can do with my newfound knowledge, didn't exist. One friend of mine said that his BSEE degree entirely drained his confidence to accomplish anything in the real world. One could argue that a university degree should be purely academic, but this school's program wasn't too helpful there, either. To sum up, the only ways I know of to realize that you are or aren't qualified to do something are to try it until you get rich or get sued, or work with someone else who already has. Is there a generic webapp (something like OSCommerce) that can automatically create an affiliate store like the one you linked when supplied with a list of item names or URLs?