Doing an employee transfer to Canada is like playing a lotterey. My past employers had documents returned to them 4 times in a row for: 1. assumed type (s vs z); 2. unclear signature; 3. ESDC called them, but they missed the call; 4. person's passport was about to expire. The regulations never mentioned anything about this. The other interesting thing was omnipresent FTTT, even in rotting, century old barracks Most of business schools are a graveyards for talent IMNHO. I've heard many comments that are confirmed by my own experience that bright people enter business schools to spent few years of their life to learn very few useful skill, most of which can be learned in a month by reading "... for Dummies" style book. www.vansky.com =D But better fly to Shenzhen and go network around during property sale evenents It will be hard. Zurich only issued 17000 long term work permits last year as I remember. Most of that goes to science talent in big mncs like Ciba From my own experience, I tell you that you must. Work for a failed start-up is a black mark on a resume. It is better to quit and portray your work there as a short-term gig Another opportunity is Fribourg. IT companies there were historically more open to Eastern Europeans, but you should expect them to be high-tier outsourcing shops. Fiy, i recently came upon this company http://m.imgur.com/Hv9n7fk,55JgdgK that wants to sell ETH to Chinese. I checked the company registry, and found out that the guy has registered a proprietorship back in 2013. Apparently a friend of Vitalik >CockroachBD What a name NLP in Russian stands for "NeuroLinguistic Programming" (of gullible masses, of course) I began my career in a company called Yamin in Singapore that had a refurbished electronics business. At first, I was shocked that Americans can throw away 1 year old and even half year old goods in the dumpster. In 2.5, years time I managed to make enought money of my commission selling refurbished cellphones to Russia through Alibaba to move to Canada and enrol into college. I believe it was Apple who pressured Alibaba to prohibit listing of wholesale refurbished electronics. It would've been too unsetting for Apple's images as a luxury brand to let people realize that somebody remarkets truckloads of used ifones from dumpsters every day. Refurbished iPhones were a killer business: 1. A less than a year old phone with a defect (dumped by end users, Honhai, Apple's QC contractors) was sold for 20 to 30 USD; 2. Re-equiping a phone without charger, driver disk, or retail box did costs less than one dollar; 3. "Out-of-dumpster" phones, cleaned, and sorted by the level of "brokennes" were sold wholesale for around $50-60 USD a kilogramm; 4. "Recovered" ifones (bought out by recyclers from end users) were sold from 50 to 200 USD depending on level of wear; 5. A "full-service" that includes change of all external casing parts to new, non-original ones, reflashing, new battery, resoldered clean ports, new memory chip for phones with failing or degraded NAND flash, and bubble-wrap packaging did cost around 10 to 15 USD for small quantity orders; 6. A phone refitted to market grade A2 (identical to a phone from assembly line with less than 3 non-original parts) can be sold for up to $300 a piece. Things that The West can learn from The East: Russia/Eastern Europe: 1. Free-for-all, mixed zoning. You own the land, build whatever you want as long as it's not a munitions factory (Most of Russia, Kazakhstan) 2. Market driven, privatized public transit (Most of Eastern Europe) 3. Small city blocks that let throught traffic. 4. Market controlled access to distric heating/cooling (Yakutsk an extreme example of privatized district level utilities) 5. Higher standards for building's energy efficiency (adopted across the former Soviet block) 6. Learn how to build decent "serially produced" housing for cheap (Ekaterinburg) 7. More traffic light controlled "turn right on red" signals - an easy way to increase traffic thoughtput by double digits (former Soviet block countries) Asia: 1. learn how to build cities that are dense, but still livable (Hongkong, Singapore, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tokyo) 2. Better construction technology and materials. MgO board, light/cellular concretes, thermal stops in slabs, automated, computerized armature prefabrication, etc (Most of People Republic if China, South Korea, Russian Far East) 3. Bus rapid transit, and how to make cheap public transport really work (Guangzhou) 4. Traffic laws that are two-wheeler friendly (Taipei, whole of Japan) 5. Public daycare and early primary education (Tokyo) 6. "Public housing for regular people" (Hongkong, Singapore) 7. Incentivize people to buy smaller cars, or use transit (Tokyo) 8. Double deck, or multi leve streets (Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chicago) >Engineering a full city from the group up sounds good but the majority of the people using the city are, well, people. People change Astana is a good example of this type of a designer city Green arrow is an additional traffic light signal that lets right turn on red. It is usually computer controlled in big Russian cities The problem is this slows the traffic in urban areas. A simple radar controlled signal solves this When the armature for the building is being prefabricated with a milimetre level precision by a CNC metalworking machine, and than assembled on site like lego. This is to minimize the amount of on-site metalwork Moscow, "a success city"... =D And yes, it is an SUV His cofounder is better to hire a good CFPA attorney before it's too late. Microsoft caters more to business and OEMs than to anythybody else. Consumer market is largely irrelevant to them. Why you sell your stuff this way, you need a good salesman. Yes, Microsoft is "uncool", but it doesn't matter to them Facebook.com, talk.google.com. A well engineered messaging protocol. I also believe it's used by automatic toll collection machines. Meizu and Bubugao roll updates weekly We need nuclear desalination and district heating Google polypropylene piping. A standard in continental Europe since eighties, added to building codes across NA just few years ago. Just use AGPL and dont bother That was a bad move, now they will be even more daring In Russia, we had people running in between desks with stacks of floppy disks and flash drives up until mid 200\ I would go after all and every license violator of any code I wrote. If Google tomorrow messes up with my code in the Kernel, I care not if they have to discontinue Android overnight. And yes, they did lobby for GPL2 Kernel. Now eat it. MopPub, AdMob - on overall they give more money than PPC networks on the web. Downside - the mobile is squirming with cheating/clickfrauding publishers, if you get banned or suspended it is "guilty until proven innocent" Oppo, BBK, Bubugao, Vivo, Oneplus are the same company PRC is a single party state. Once an order is signed, it's being done. So much for a lossy taxi company I live in Moscow, the shortest eTaxi ride costs less than USD $2 - less than what I paid for a bus ride while living in Vancouver Good luck enforcing an dmca on a website code vs a foreign company. The court history of such cases is rather funny. From cases thrown out of the court, to unenforceable defaults >leaving me looking for a new job while on a work permit as a single mother of three Uh... qq+weixin > facebook many times over even without considering that fb casually lies about the number of active users they have > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ Ceramic ifone that shatters 10 times easier than a glass one? What is RethinkDB? loooool Ever seen an action cam called SJ Cam? It looks like an exact copy of gopro camera. Why do you think they don't sue the manufacturer? The answer is that they are their original OEM from whom they were buying rebranded products and sold them as hero cameras 1 and 2. They never signed any kind of agreement securing exclusive rights to the design. At the time they wanted to build their next generation cam from scratch, they were unnable to do anything with the fact that SJCam continued selling the original design. Not only small companies buy off-the shelf designs. Not even biggest brands shy of from banal rebranding: probably more than a half of all notebook designs are off-the-shelf design house products. Who sold Apple the reference design for the first ifone? It was Taiwanese ODM "First International Computer," and they are trying hard to conceal that fact as it will set their "designed by Apple in california" line in bad light. If somebody had access to the repair manual for the first iphone, they could've seen many references to the ODM and individual factories making sub-assemblies. Thanks, get your 50 roubles NY Times got it wrong. Chechnya was squirming with journalists through whole nineties. Most likely killers were KGB remnants. KGB conceded the media battle over Chechnya in English speaking world very early. But what they didn't like was that these journalists were revealing Russians and Russian speakers what has really happened in Chechnya. None of murdered journalists were critical of Chechens. Why would Chechens kill them? Think. the reason it failed abd the guy got fried was simple if state company records were kept off-site on a computer, it will make quiet ledger rigging and stealing from state companies harder. That would be outrageous for every commie as every commie was stealing cash from the state one way or another. I know, but I don't have it here >Why we chose Vue.js Why? This is how Russians hacked social media accounts and public emails of British MPs last year. It is assumed that they procured IMSI IDs of MPs from open sources (databases of gaming companies (this why Google lets apps to read your IMSI) or advertising cookie brokers). Then, they used Russian cell phone networks to announce a “Roaming transfer” of their phone numbers from BT to them and then used an “SMS login” and password recovery from their Snapchats/Twitters/Whattsups. Once they logged into them, it is believed that they downloaded past conversations and other data through synchronisation APIs. Back then, Google only confirmed that they did sent a recovery SMS to one account, but hackers didn’t manage to answer a security question. This probably deterred them from attempting to try the same trick on Google accounts of other MPs whose numbers they pwned, or maybe Googlers simply made that up to cover their asses. Amazingly, many cell operators don’t check the digital signature on roaming requests, nor require the roaming counter-parties to pass them through. They do that if: 1. You don't log in from a first world IP (the terminology from their user operations team), but previous logins were from them. 2. You registered from an IP in a country where they don't have access to sending SMS, but they go to a country where they have. 3. Bot detection algo flagged you, and bot detection algo are one of their crown jewels that they don't tell to support people. >It allows them to be sure that a subscriber is only using one phone at once Only on home network, everybody who knows your IMSI and have low level access to phone network can clone your identity in roaming. >$30/GB Some European operators still have cheaper roaming data plans who will give me 600m for lolgifs? I have few stacks of floppies full of them register from a voip phone number and continue getting bonus rides, some people here in Russia are riding like that for months My personal experience with Le people. Overall impression: incompetent people with truckloads of cash; well, just like any other company that managed to secure a dominant position in any market niche in China. In their case it was "Chinese soap operas on demand". My girlfriend was offered a "personal secretary" position in their Russian office. Amazingly, they appointed a Chinese C-level for their Russian office who does't speak any foreign language at all. Weighting all pros, and cons, I dissuaded her from taking it and never regretted my decision. So what do they want to push in Russia? The same Chinese soap operas, but with computer translated Russian subtitles. They ran a ~50-70 people operation in Russia for close to a year, just to invite tons of market entry consultants, make a single landing page, and do a 1 few weeks trial run of their Russian website. >The Chinese government gives approximately 0 shits about Hong Kong's silly foreign ideas That's why it must be crushed and CCP members' families flayed alive before them. A full scale airborne landing from Japan and Korea on Beijing. Finish them! What concerns the HK situation. There are only 4, possibly 3 proper military garrisons in immediate vicinity of HK. Only one hosts a modern and trained mechanised force. In case of mainlanders pulling the trigger, striking that garrison before forces stationed there will be mobilised will leave PLA with nothing that can strike on day one other than lightly equipped forces on machine gun equipped apcs/armoured cars. This will leave defenders with three threats on day one: guys with assault rifles trying to swim across from the new territories, air bombardment and assault from sea. Air attacks are inefficient in densely built up areas with reinforced concrete buildings. One can simply run into any multi-storey concrete building to hide, anything below a 1 tonne bomb can't outright destroy it. The naval landing will remain a threat. Yes, even if PLAN will send disembarked ship crews alone without marines it will be enough to outnumber defenders and overwhelm them without use of heavy weaponry. PLAN does train ship crews to double as a landing force. The likeliness of Beijing ordering the navy to capture HK using what ever means possible, at any cost is high if their land forces will be rendered impotent. The above scenario of disembarked crews being used as a land force was simulated in recent military exercises. Here, a third force intervention is definitely needed to prevent this outcome. With a cooperation of the defenders and a third party, HK will be able to stand for 3 days for sure. High displacement ships (read a big frigate sized and above) can't navigate close to the shore all around HK island except for the West Lamma Channel between Lamma and HK island. A capable pilot familiar with local hydrography can get close to land in the region of Shek O village, but the likeliness of that is low and the locations is strategically unfavourable for naval landing. This leaves the control of waters south to Bluff Head as the main concern. There, scuttled civilian ships can be used to block access to the Lamma channel and provide radar clutter to disable enemy long range anti ship weapons. A defender allied ship, can then hide in the channel behind the cover of scuttled ships to prevent landing from smaller crafts. >The Dictator's Handbook Author shows poor understanding of real world politics and cheap writing. The type of people who read such books are ones who read The Prince and believe themselves politically educated. Nya nya nya;) Ma tried to get to the West with B2C really really hard, but only got burned with the 10 Main fad store, a wasted office lease, and around $100m. wasted on online ads alone. Interestingly, their biggest operation abroad is in Russia, where they spent zero on ads. And Singapore as well before they turned from a city state to a city offshore bank. They exploited their WTO membership. Most of operations were ran like that: company imports loose goods from China at few pennies, and puts in "value" into them, most of the times just packaging with writing in English that was supposed to "cost" few dollars each, but of course the packaging was made in China for less than a penny each. This also allowed the Sg intermediary to claim expense on the stuff, reducing effective tax to single digits. Those were golden times. >underpaid Chinese workers in Italy or France Believe me or no. Italian effective tax rate for a factory business is less than that in China. Most Italian shoe and fashion goods factories in Italy are owned by Chinese these days. You can't win against clickfarmers and clickbait networks. No machine learning will save you from botters as the lion share of commercial botters live in a country from which most of the math research behind machine learning is coming from. In Russia, few people will start an advertising network startup in their sane mind, commercial scale clickfraud, farming, and botting give an order of magnitude higher returns. The term "Internet marketing business" is used mostly as an euphemerism for all of the aforesaid here. When I was living there in 2014, I made a guess that 1/3 of Coal Harbor appartments were unoccupied or unsold by counting dark windows. My guesstimates were not far from what the city hall counted in 2015. B.T.W. I'm no longer living in Vancouver Another thing about Vancouver is the staggering amount of brand new real estate being unsold for years. Every developer thinks that one day there will be a naive Chindonesian/Eastern European nouveau riche that will buy it no matter the cost. And yes, such people were coming in great numbers >gang of Russians under severe financial control Lol, what does it mean: under control until the guy opens an account under a fake id Feels like a yet another storage startup in making Aiming up to be bought by EMC in two years or so Today we have quad core socs for $4 retail. Your estimates are off. Cost per wafer is $5k for orders of 10k at 14nm. Profits of a fab always hover around 30 percents. >primary purpose of the web property," Clickfarm like other 9 out of 10 news websites Well, I wish Googlers luck. Clickfarmers, botters, and runners of industrialised clickbait networks will always be a step ahead of them. Whitehat anti-botting people are a mirror image of people who develop and sell "anti-virus" software. Not only they have a profit motive to do their shıtty job poorly, they are simply not in the same class intellectually >requires signing an NDA and spending anywhere from a few hundred to to a few thousand for a development kit. >Some of this is because the manufacturer considers the information to be proprietary and also because they not setup to support large numbers design teams No, it is what is called a pain sales tactic. You make a person to go through big pain, spend lots of resources just to get a devkit, so they would not be inclined to throw it out midproject because it sucks Wow, something that is actually useful came out of that neural network thing at Google Let's wait for Linux Millenium Edition No it isn't. A better way to state that: "Is jQuery omnipresent now? Yes. Will jQuery earn you as much money as on the peak of first gen webapps craze? No, totally no" I myself was earning CAD $90k just in plain salary at the time when jQuery craze was on its peak and when "a dedicated front-end developer" meant a jQuery developer Honestly saying, I had no realisation how shitty my code was back then, and now I feel ridiculous when I realise how much a bad dev can earn as long as he does something considered "trendy" Blatant violation of the First Sale doctrine. Class action lawsuit incoming in 3..2.. >it could dump US debt for Euro debt — a radical move, but one that would gain a lot of attention Well, most people don’t know, but China’s SAFE foreign offices were buying very rarely used securities called bond substitution swaptions with foreign currency re-factoring option against T-bills (the best English translation I can come up with) since 2008. What this paper lets the buyer to sell the T-Bill for Euro cash value of an equivalent Eurobonds if the T-Bill goes up, or swap if for equivalent Eurobonds if T-Bill value goes down. Given that such securities are not publicly traded, China gets exceptionally bad price for them as financial instruments, but gains much in peace of mind in case of T-Bill nuclear scenario. I have no data on how much these swaptions they purchase, but many people say that the current Eurobond valuation anomaly may be due to SAFE moving the market from behind the curtain. >never use your main Google, or Facebook, account for anything, not even buying a Google made phone, or buying Facebook ads for your own company, just never ever do that, so that at the very least, the pain is spread. Be easy :) . I have 6 facebook accs for 5 of which I forgot passwords, 4 google accs out of which 3 got permalocked because sms confirmations simply never go through to half of Russian numbers, and I think 5 Paypal accounts all of which got blocked because "hey, you are the guy whom we blocked last year! you dared to register again? unforgivable!" Yes, don't keep things online, you will be better off agile and agilers suck Oh my, are they still around? I was one of the volunteers on the team back in 2006. Well, the Chinese median income is double that of Russia though They don't. That's the trick well, allegedly somebody sold Putin's own bank accounts in Cyprus on blackhack a year ago Is it now a yet another pizza delivery/haircut scheduling app? Really, you should try that. You will make more money than on those "food anthropologist" thingies. ------- Ouch, -18? Are you downvoting me with your whole team? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? well, both still loose to budget app hostings if you count only cost Well, Intel has a "product management disease" - when orders for new development come from Ivy league schooled management doctrinaires, and not obvious demands of the market. All American semi companies I know suffer this, and that's why Chinese eat their lunch. >Eric Eelliot The guy has a trolling black belt And yet, naive western people are registering for wechat in their packloads, uploading all their personal data for commie chairmen to see Was Trump born in America? I heard he is a German spy scrap zoning what is electron? Countries with no zoning are living just fine Countries following a rule "you own the land, use it whatever way you like" are living just fine as well Organise an army, go to Westminster, kill your enemies, done. This is a proven, working way. java hello world will not fit even into a 10 gigagate chip >Wow. An app store for FPGA IPs I see people making video transcoder instances on day 1, and MPEGLA bankrupting Amazoners with lawsuits on day 2 there are "encrypted" hdls, but encrypted no more than dvd discs. Find a right irc channel and ask for keys The biggest ever industrialised clickfarm/clickbait ring I've heard of was making around 100m in revenue in 2009, but they had thousands of "affiliates" In Russia, all high official positions are up for sale. Posts are bought and sold. The amount of money he spent to amass this much during that short career, must've been even bigger. >Can a simplistic malware fraud generate half "Surprise" billionaires are popping out of Eastern Europe/Israel/Russia/Russian concessions every year. The guy who ran ebanners/advmaker was said to have lost $1.3bn when Cyprus seized deposits. Before he filed the case against the bank, nobody ever knew of the guy. They are very good at hiding cash. All those dumb banking AML rules are kinda useless as the easiest way to launder money is to run your own bank. Just back in 2013, ads for sale of "1 day banks" in UK/Ireland/Delaware/Cyprus were openly published in Russia's number 1 business magazine. >What is this, I've never heard of it? Are there significant benefits? Nobody to block your transfer and freeze your accounts simply for the reason you look suspicious and you are suddenly transfering a 10 digit sum to a *stan country. And even if a higher tier bank with whom your own bank has a correspondent account will bother to intervene (which is highy, highly unlikely), you and your moneys will already be far away from the sphere of influence of the civilised world thanks to the fact that transaction settlement is nearly 100% automated and instantaneous for top tier banks.