I'm not sure the present situation is actually worse than 1984 or "beyond Orwellian" but agreed on absurd, ridiculous and disgusting. The fact that we are even having a conversation about the similarity is concerning. The observation that a community may be infiltrated by spooks reminds me of spot the fed: https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/dc-15-stf.html . So if I understand you correctly the railroads would basically be the same as the Interstate highway system? I don't know enough about how the railroads work to comment on how feasible such an arrangement would be. Does the government currently subsidize railroad maintenance and/or construction? Edit: Is there a precedent anywhere else in the world for nationalized railways? I don't think he advocated nationalizing the railroads, just the infrastructure. I don't see how this would be any different than trucking companies competing on public roads. There is certainly competition in that industry. Are there regions where two railroad (companies) have built competing infrastructure? Disclaimer: I am not an accountant. According to http://www.bnsf.com/about-bnsf/financial-information/form-10... BNSF has about 85% of their revenue in the tracks and 15% in the trains so your guess isn't far off. Can you comment on competition for a given route in the current railroad model? I assume railroads control who uses their tracks so they can prevent competitors from serving those routes, is that the case and how does that not constitute some form of monopoly? Edit: Thank you for the clarification, I had no idea how much railroads had tied up in the infrastructure. It seems that much of the value of a railroad is on the ability to serve certain routes without competition which in hindsight is pretty obvious. For a route from city A to city B that can be served by BNSF do consumers have a choice of a second railroad? If the answer to that is mostly no doesn't BNSF have some form of monopoly on rail transport? Thanks for the map. I see that many of these routes are only served by one railroad. For example, how does BNSF not have a monopoly on the route from Moorhead to Brainerd? How common are track sharing and common transport agreements? AnimalMuppet did a great job answering the monopoly question elsewhere in the comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10510522 Thank you again for your detailed replies, I don't know much about our rail infrastructure but it is interesting. Can you explain what the taxes are for on the rail lines? In your example could the customer build their own small rail lines to meet up with the existing tracks of BNSF and UP both to allow them to pick who they use to haul freight between Chicago and LA? Does that happen? I am reminded of a plant tour at a major manufacturer where they had a rail line that ran right into their factory to deliver raw materials, I wonder who owns the rails. Do railroads have a anything similar to the meet up rooms in carrier hotels where you can move from one rail network to another? Please remember that it falls to us, the voters and citizens to enact the laws that we see fit. The judicial branch only interprets the law, we still have the ability to change it if we disagree. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. 1) Providing commercial passenger service is not the same as giving someone a ride. In the case of commercial service your passengers are your customers and expect a certain level of service. This could motivate you to take additional risks that you would not otherwise take. Such as flying in questionable weather so as not to lose the fare or get a bad rating on the service causing you to miss out on future fares. 2) Flying an airplane is nothing like making a cheeseburger. I do not think it is a worthwhile goal to allow unskilled people to operate airplanes, especially if they are carrying passengers. Instead we should focus on making sure the operators of the planes are as capable as possible to first avoid dangerous situations and then deal with them when they are unavoidable. This is exactly what the FAA does. If you screw up a cheeseburger maybe someone gets sick, if you screw up in an airplane people die. They aren't even remotely the same thing. If you think a review is bogus you could always click the "no" button to indicate that the review is not helpful. You can also report the review and tell Amazon that you think the review is bogus. Do you have any data to back up the claim that most of the recent reviews are bogus? Aaron Swartz, not Schwartz. I completely agree with you, while I know $40+mm means $40M it is only because of context, not because I actually parse it as "thousand thousand". In my mind mm is millimeter, even as an American. HN is the only place I see this notation used. The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from. https://xkcd.com/927/ Is there reason to believe that a TRNG would somehow select numbers with a better chance of winning than any other method? I can see the method impacting the number of dollars you win but surely any valid set of numbers has the same chance to win as any other. It's not like your TRNG is actually emulating the behavior of the balls in the machine. Do you have examples of the auto industry fighting safety features? I used to own an early 70s Oldsmobile Toronado which was available with both ABS and airbags. A quick Google search suggests that Chrysler and Ford had similar braking systems in 1971, possibly even better. ABS was not required by US law until 2011. 40 years after the US domestics first offered it. I believe Ford made a big deal out of their padded dashboards in the 1950s as well but I would have to dig up references to that. While Volvo has a great safety record they are not even close to the only manufacturer with a history of adding safety features to their cars. Safety is good business, the US domestics have known this for decades. The 1971 Oldsmobile Torornado brochure prominently features ABS and specifically calls out the safety features available in that year: http://www.lov2xlr8.no/brochures/olds/71toro/bilder/6.jpg The NASA audit wasn't nearly as comprehensive as you may have expected: http://embeddedgurus.com/barr-code/2013/10/an-update-on-toyo... NASA didn't find a software defect, this is not the same as NASA finding that there is no software defect. Toyota absolutely built and sold dangerous vehicles with software and hardware defects. This was not only a matter of gas pedals sticking to floor mats. Importantly in this context Toyota did not put customer safety first and decided to suppress the truth of the problem rather than own the solution. This is cause for concern as we move toward self-driving systems which have to be perceived to work in order for the product to remain economically viable. Why? Windows 7 gets regular updates. Windows 8/8.1/10 are not updates to Windows 7, it is a different operating system. Edit: Not sure why all the downvotes, I honestly don't see how "up to date Windows 7" is an oxymoron. I know that some network configurations will still have to use actual IPv6 addresses but for the most part you could save yourself a lot of pain by just using DNS and hostnames. Is this actually true? Are you saying that every person in the world is morally bankrupt? We hire corrupt officials because people allow it. I fail to see what this defeatist attitude solves. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. That raises an interesting question about the life of rail car brakes. The cost of constant attention seems like it would be significant. I wonder how the brakes are constructed to minimize maintenance costs. The article does mention adding other sensor data to the ECP bus, brake life could be monitored in real time. This is actually really interesting. How granular are these metrics? Do individual bearings have sensors on them for example? Does the locomotive cut a maintenance ticket when light bulbs burn out? How many different sensors contribute to the 150,000 data points? Most of the car parks are underground, it's not like they are taking up viable office space. The NASA people seemed pretty happy when Curiosity landed on Mars: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svUJdzMHwmM&t=3m10s It's patriotism, we should be proud our country has a company that is doing this. Donald Trump has nothing to do with it. I can understand the distaste for nationalistic displays in Germany and I think it says a lot for the German people that this is considered distasteful. This is a peacetime effort that is likely to improve all of mankind. If you want to criticize the celebratory reaction to killing someone then I will probably agree with you. This is something else. Pride in one's nation and it's achievements is not inherently shameful. Do you believe that nationalistic displays are never appropriate? Why is it ok to celebrate your nation during World Cup but not after a significant technological achievement in peacetime? He could do his job effectively by asking for more information about what Tor is. This understanding may impact his decision to issue the warrant. Law enforcement lied by omission, do you think they would take that risk if they thought the outcome would stay the same? Technology is not an exception. He isn't exempt from making informed decisions. Law enforcement omitted a fact that could lead to the judge asking questions. The difference is that the decision would be in the hands of the judge instead of law enforcement. The balance of power would be in check. Except in this case Bultmann and Robinson are Hertz, not the customer. They also knowingly rented to a drug dealer. Another analogy may be running a Hertz in Saudi Arabia and renting to women without male guardians present. The computer is not rented, they were in control of a device that may have been used to distribute child pornography. They themselves claim to know and understand this but feel that the risk of enabling criminal behavior is outweighed by the benefits to society of the "good" crime. Such as expression of dissent against regimes they disagree with. I'm not convinced this search was unreasonable from a legal perspective. I do not know enough about the legal precedent around running a Tor node but I could understand if they are on the hook for what happens with their node. I respect what they are doing and I don't think what they are doing is wrong morally but they are taking on a risk which they believe is outweighed by the benefit. Can you give an example of such evidence and how it would be gathered? I don't disagree with you but I can see both sides of this. The judge didn't get a chance to ask in this case. Thanks, that does make sense. How does this compare to a cash-only business? Say I run a banana stand that only accepts cash. What level of proof does law enforcement need in order to look into more personal aspects of my life and business if they believe I am using it launder money? IANAL but this feels similar to me. I recently discovered AvE and now bigclive. I'm not sure how I missed this particular internet rabbit hole but I love it. Just this weekend I watched entirely too many AvE videos and now I am fluent in Canadian. His style is... unique. I think it's great but I'm sure it's not for everyone. This is great, thank you! You don't own the bank, they owned the computer. You aren't responsible for what happens to money the bank loans out since that money isn't yours. From the article: "Bultmann and Robinson had publicly advertised that they operated a Tor exit relay node—a node in the global Tor network, whose purpose is to give users the ability to browse the web anonymously. They said they operated the node as a service to dissidents in repressive countries, knowing full well that criminals might use it as well, much like any other communication tool." So yes, they didn't know which drug dealer they were renting to or which packets were from drug dealers (or child pornographers) but they did know it was possible. And with Tor I think it would even be considered likely. There seems to be a difference between say running a Tor exit node and running a commercial VoIP service. With VoIP the operator is required by law to record and make available certain information to LEO. Tor by design prevents the operators from having that information. I'm not sure what the legal consequences are but it seems to me that in any other "communication tool" situation the operator is expected to at least make an attempt to prevent illegal use. With Tor that isn't possible so I don't think it's really "like any other communication tool" Bultmann and Robinson knew they might be enabling criminal behavior with their own personal equipment in their home. I think it's easy to at least see the perspective of law enforcement in this case or how the legal system could find them at least partially responsible. I'm not saying this is what should happen but I don't think we have a clearly defined right to run an open proxy as a get out of jail free card. Looks like the landing was perfectly centered on the barge this time as well. Does anyone know when they plan on reusing one of these recovered first stages? Laziness is a virtue. What you're suggesting is not all that different than creating a webpage that says "read the book" instead of adding value. If a bot can be created to make discovering answers easier why shouldn't it be done? Musk himself didn't expect SpaceX to succeed. It was one launch away from complete failure. You're essentially making the argument "If NASA can put a man on the moon why do I still have to buy toothpaste?" SpaceX has and continues to do amazing things, that doesn't mean suddenly everything we want is feasible. You're suggesting Musk is so concerned with the success of Tesla that he is willing to torpedo alternate projects to drive up sales of his own product. If that is true why did he release the patents for those products into the public domain where someone could build a directly competing product? Do you have any evidence of this beyond what you have heard? I believe the down votes are a result of your lack of evidence. I'm not defending Facebook but I have yet to see any substance to the argument that they are manipulating the conversation on their platform. Yes but we didn't have to wash their dishes. Ads are one thing, invasive popover interactive surveys are another. For yet another perspective, the measure in question was put in place by lawmakers who are elected to do the will of the people. If this law is being passed then we can infer that the will of the people is not, in fact, to have their property stolen by the state without due process. Can you elaborate on the redefinition of "hate-speech"? How was it previously defined and how has that definition changed? Who changed it? As an American this is especially interesting to me because we place such value on our freedom of speech but also pay a high price in the hate speech that is viewed as a necessary evil. It seems that the EU has made an attempt to manage this hateful speech but I'm not familiar with the specifics. Ransomware infects your machine, silently encrypts and decrypts everything for a period of months then stops. Your backups are encrypted and only the ransomware can decrypt them. Perhaps RAM snapshots could be employed as part of the backup to allow retrieval of the encryption key. Doesn't Netflix run it's own CDN outside AWS? I thought the AWS gear was only for browsing the catalog and actual content delivery is done with custom hardware, preferably at your local ISP. I suspect that their licensing fees are orders of magnitude more than the distribution costs. The size of the catalog seems to me like it would be limited by the content owners terms more than storage prices. I would not criticize the other side of the debate for being steadfast. I will however criticize the belief itself. I will base my criticism on actual events such as this one instead of hypotheticals. I do not think considering this case in the encryption/backdoor debate is an over-adjustment based on a single failure. I think this a relevant example of the risks of creating and using a golden key. If you discount every individual example what are you left with? As daenney stated, the hope is to influence debate, not base the decision entirely on one event. Do you believe this situation has no relevance to the encryption and backdoor debate? Are you arguing that because no policy will be 100% effective we just shouldn't bother with a discussion? Even if we accept Russian responsibility for the hack how do you know their motive is to sabotage the election? It seems to me that insider knowledge of the party is valuable on its own. Why do you think they are trying to influence the election? It is likely that Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States. Would it not be valuable for Russia to have knowledge of her party? Do you think the CIA would be interested to have inside knowledge of United Russia? I never used it because I didn't want it to spray binaries all over a system directory. Macports is completely self-contained which I consider to be a much better design decision and less likely to cause me problems. To turn your question around, who uses Homebrew instead of Macports? The argument for "treat ISP infrastructure like a utility" has always been that quality of service will improve and prices will drop if competition is introduced. It sounds to me like the regulations did exactly what would be expected when an actual market is allowed to form. How does this arrangement not work if you have good customer service and low prices from Comcast? Are you suggesting that the alternatives are somehow even worse than standard Comcast? I'm not a Bluetooth headphone user but how does the Bluetooth affect the iPhone's battery? Also, carrying two cheap sets of headphones around doesn't sound more convenient than just using wired headphones. Is the wire really that much of a problem? Never used a Samsung Note 7 but does anything in the pen holder connect inside the phone or is it just a hole surrounded in plastic? With a headphone jack there are a lot (at least 3?) of connections that have to pass into the phone which could complicate the waterproofing. From the Apple webpage: http://www.apple.com/shop/product/MMEF2AM/A/airpods Connections AirPods: Bluetooth The AirPods are Bluetooth so they should work with the MacBook too. All the more reason a bike rider should be aware of their surroundings. Someone else being inattentive doesn't dismiss you from your responsibility. I hadn't thought about the Square with the loss of the headphone jack, that's an interesting change. Can the Square device be adapted to use the Lightning connection? Maybe Bluetooth? People on Bay Area transit use their speaker? I don't think I have seen that on a Seattle Metro bus more than a handful of times. How can listening to music for a long period of time regardless of volume be damaging to our ears? I'm not sure about you but my ears hear things continually, even when I sleep. What's different about music? Do you mean to say that listening to headphones for long periods is damaging? Do you have a source because that seems like an strange claim. As the parent said, the case is a battery/charger as well. Do you put your earphones in at home and leave them in all day and not take them out again until you get home? If so I would say you are not a typical headphone user. I recently went on a trip with several friends and we rented a new Ford Expedition. The integrated audio system in the car supported multiple Bluetooth devices with a history (including previous renters) but as far as I could tell not more than once device at a time. Every time we started the car we had to select Sources -> Bluetooth -> Connect -> ${device name} -> Sources -> Bluetooth -> ${device name}. It was a huge hassle and a 3.5mm cable would have been far easier and sounded better. Thank you. Lightening is: Noun: A drop in the level of the uterus during the last weeks of pregnancy as the head of the fetus engages in the pelvis. Verb: [1] To make or become lighter in weight, pressure or sensitivity. [2] To make or become more cheerful or less serious. [3] To make or become lighter or brighter. [4] To emit flashes of lightning; flash with lightning. (rare) None of these things is similar to charging your iPhone. Why did she think she was going to want the 7 Plus? What is it about the SE that isn't appealing? What is it that she was expecting in the 7 Plus that the 6s Plus doesn't offer? This is an honest question, I have continually upgraded my iPhones for years and this new phone doesn't speak to me either but you are on much older hardware, what about the new phones doesn't speak to you? Personally I am considering a move to the SE because the form factor of the 6/6s is still too big in my opinion and the 7 doesn't seem to offer me anything I actually need or want. Yeah that's what I really don't understand about all the focus on the waterproofing of the 3.5mm jack. The Lightning port is still there and that has to be at least as hard to waterproof as a 3.5mm jack right? Did Apple design the Lightning port to be waterproof from the outset? If so how did they do it and can they apply that to the 3.5mm port? Is a dash the same as a "+"? According to some quick googling it depends on your provider. If his provider relies on the "+" for sub-addressing what good will a dash do him? Why are you so firm on this position when it seems to be a legitimate problem for him? As a data person I would really like to put some numbers on how much the typical HR hiring process costs a business. I don't know anybody that says they are happy with how hiring works in he tech industry but I've also never seen an HR person try and improve the process. Were soldiers on trial in Nuremberg? Seems to me everyone was at least a "middle manager". The comparison is hyperbolic and I don't see the similarity here. VW is German? Is that what we're working on? Do you really think VW salespeople should go to jail for this? Should salespeople do their own emissions testing? Should they all buy multiple versions of the same car and crash it to see if it's really safe? How does that system work? VW has a clear set of emissions rules to follow because they build the cars, why should the salespeople be on the hook? This isn't Tesla, VW salespeople don't even work for VW. The security vulnerability is very real. Should this same treatment be applied to the people who write code? If a software vulnerability allows an attacker into the business should that developer be fired? What if it's a UI bug that causes the company to lose sales. Should they be on the hook? I think a more constructive reaction would be to say that phishing training is important and should be implemented or revised. In addition technical solutions should be investigated. Perhaps some of the infallible people who never fall for phishing attacks can automate part of their brilliance for the mere mortals. Maintaining the attitude that you are not susceptible to being phished is a great way to get phished. Can you provide this data to enlighten the rest of us? Is that dumb though? It's a video site, I go there to watch videos. When the local TV broadcaster wants to make an announcement they do it with video, not a text. I do see your point, there are some video-centric features YouTube could add but I'm skeptical that's all this will be. That's not really how juries work in reality, that's how juries work on Reddit. It's an interesting idea though, it's far too easy to issue a fraudulent DMCA takedown and there are no repercussions as far as I know. Not sure why the downvote, do we not ask for evidence anymore? This hypothetical comes up seemingly every time autonomous vehicles are mentioned. Theft is already illegal, we have a framework in place to deter theft by prosecuting it when it does happen and then punishing those guilty. All the truck needs to do is take a picture of the criminals and phone home, something it almost certainly can do already. Theft is already a problem for everyone, like any behavior we attempt to control it using incentives. I don't see how a vehicle that knows exactly where it is, doesn't get tired, can look in multiple directions at once and doesn't forget details under stress or fatigue is somehow a more appealing target than an underpaid employee doing a demanding job. Drivers themselves already steal their own cargo: http://www.kxxv.com/story/19242235/trucker-steals-own-cargo-... . http://www.ocala.com/news/20090205/trucker-accused-of-steali... http://www.nwitimes.com/uncategorized/police-say-trucker-hir... The argument can be made that shrinkage will actually decrease with the advent of automated delivery vehicles just because it's so easy to collect evidence and there's less opportunity for internal theft. Drivers also get robbed of corse. In the automated delivery world we will have less crime against individuals and a equal or better chance of catching those who do steal from the trucks. This is not my area of expertise but is burning something the same as letting it decompose naturally? Seems like burning could release different emissions than just the natural decomposition. How is it processed into a burnable form using 0 (renewable? clean?) energy? For a company that contracts out their hardware working with their vendors is more admirable to me than having their datacenters run on clean energy. Hopefully Apple and Foxconn can deliver on this. I'm a supporter of basic income as an experiment but it is interesting to think about alternatives. Is basic income simply a stepping stone to some kind of Star Trek post-scarcity utopia where there is no concept of money or wealth at all? We survived the industrial revolution, is it not just human nature to adapt? One example I recently discussed with friends was the idea that most truck drivers may soon be out of jobs due to automation. Since this is a highly specialized skill it would be hard for those workers to find alternative work without learning an entirely new skill set. But would it be feasible for those drivers to simply buy self driving trucks much like they already buy their conventional trucks and simply enjoy their lives while the truck drives itself? So even if self-driving trucks show up tomorrow is it necessary to pay truck drivers just to live? Can we offer an incentive like retraining to those drivers? Is basic income actually the solution or do we need to take a harder look at things like the income gap and a tax structure that strongly favors investment in creating actual value (goods and services) instead of wealth for the sake of wealth (investments). I live in Seattle and while I am aware that not everyone lives in a similar environment the concept of a minimum 5 acre lot staggers me. I consider myself lucky to have 600 square feet . What kind of area has these rules and who sets them? To me a lot with 5 acres is officially "the country" where I would expect very little to zero regulation of what you can build. Say's law was the most counterintuitive concept I was exposed to in undergrad econ classes. After consideration it does make sense but runs counter to an entrepreneurial view of the world where products are created to serve a need. Trump was not a labor candidate and if there had been one in the race I think that candidate would have performed very well vs Clinton. Trump's strategy was successful mostly because he was allowed to continue unchallenged. edit: To clarify I meant that if there were a pro-labor candidate in the general election Trumps populist message would have been less effective. I completely disagree with your premise. Can you cite any evidence of the claim that parents are "healthier, smarter and wealthier" than people who will not have children? In my experience the decision to have children is often not even a decision at all and is just something that happens. The question is also not "whether things have gotten harder for the average person". The article clearly states: "Economists and sociologists from Stanford, Harvard and the University of California set out to measure the strength of what they define as the American Dream[1], and found the dream was fading. They identified the income of 30-year-olds starting in 1970, using tax and census data, and compared it with the earnings of their parents when they were about the same age." The question is the viability of an American dream based on opportunity for children exceeding that of their parents. From the article: “My parents thought that one thing about America is that their kids could do better than they were able to do,” said Raj Chetty, a prominent Stanford University economist who emigrated from India at age 9 and is part of the research team. “That was important in my parents’ decision to come here.” [1]: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/ Bernie didn't make it to the general election so he never ran against Trump. Trump won the election by getting votes that mattered. We use an electoral system, not a popular vote. If the popular vote mattered both candidates would have run different campaigns so voter behavior would have also changed. It's possible that Trump would have still won the election if the popular vote were the deciding factor. Many truck drivers own their own trucks and contract for the carriers so those are the ones that could buy self-driving trucks. Regarding pricing I'm not so sure. If you run a trucking company and contract out driving to individual drivers that own their own vehicles you are paying for the service to get the cargo to its destination, you aren't paying for a person as much as a service. I do agree though that in this situation truck owners would make less money but they would also have more opportunity to do something like purchase additional trucks or do other work such as last-mile driving to supplement the loss in long-haul income. "The first time I saw a jet I shot it down" I don't think oracle can do this exactly but the query planner does understand time based partitions so if you do something like: SELECT * FROM partitioned_table WHERE partition_date_key > SYSDATE - 1; The query planner will only use the most recent partition. Combine this with Oracle's ability to merge partitions and you get "daily" partitions that become "weekly" partitions when the new week starts. Alternately you could wait a month and combine all the days of last month into a single partition and then even combine months into years. The partition intervals are based on specific dates/times, not on the relative time from query execution. Oracle also supports row movement which is the biggest missing feature here I believe. So the opportunity for the current owner/operators is to pool their resources and become the specialized self-driving truck agency. It sounds like a business to me. Unions pool labor for negotiating power, they don't pool financial resources to create value. Labor unions are alive and well in the United States. What's your implication? Don't beat around the bush. Can you explain those numbers? 7-12% of what? Are you suggesting that rate limiting reduces call volumes by a little more than half compared to lockouts? Where did you get the data? > Unless otherwise specified in the description of a given authenticator, the verifier SHALL effectively limit online attackers to 100 consecutive failed attempts on a single I think that can be read two ways. 1) 100 failed attempts/account/month 2) 100 failed attempts/IP/account/month The latter still limits an attacker but is less likely to be a plausible DoS against the account unless the attacker has compromised the legitimate user's machine at which point all is lost anyway. Later in the same section: > When the subscriber successfully authenticates, the verifier SHOULD disregard any previous failed attempts from the same IP address. Which suggests the failure count is per IP and not per account. There is no password policy that protects against rubber hose cryptanalysis. They're way ahead of you: http://www.seattletimes.com/business/boeing-aerospace/amazon... At its core Amazon has always been a logistics company. They already put warehouses close to airports so it's not much of a stretch to take over the air freight. Last mile is another issue, UPS, USPS, FedEx and the rest will continue doing that for a long time. Have you ever done business with Amazon? You do realize the food delivery isn't being done from a warehouse with pizzas on the shelf right? Your assumption runs contrary to the core idea of Amazon. Customer experience is the absolute most important thing. That's literally the mission statement of the company. This happens to me at least once a year but I still consider it a huge inconvenience. Two days is an eternity, especially to be without my primary card. I don't wait that long for socks from Amazon. One day is generally my expectation at this point and for a lot of things it's same day. I'd really like to see banks/card companies step up their game in getting new cards out to people. Off the top of my head I can think of a couple: 1) OSX was a viable operating system that was first class in the Apple ecosystem. 2) Laptops and desktops that were actually better than the competition including models geared toward power users. OSX/MacOS is still viable but it doesn't receive the attention it once did. It feels second-rate compared to the mobile OS. I get the feeling one day Apple is going to release the new MacBook and it will just be an iPad with a keyboard. They could at least be good citizens and use their success to beef up the NTP pool. Yes, I believe they can. I haven't had my iPhone (6S) crash more than 5 times that I can recall in the 14 months I have had it. Every time it has rebooted I have been in a third party app. The phone begins acting strange, gestures may stop for a few moments then it goes black and the Apple logo shows up on the screen as it reboots. Two of them have been in the last month or so. Unfortunately the phone doesn't just reboot. It shuts down completely and refuses to boot back up with a low battery warning. I believe this is actually hardware related but I have had it crash when trying to call an Uber. I think Facebook may have caused a crash too. Uber was especially painful because hailing taxis in my city (Seattle) is essentially impossible and pay phones are not a thing that exist in 2016. Luckily I was near a bus stop and know how the lines work without my phone. It was a shocking illustration of how dependent I have become on my smartphone. Great question. I know very little to nothing about Arabic but I would love a more detailed explanation than "It's an Arabic thing, you wouldn't understand". I went to school in Idaho and paid in-state tuition at a state school so my education was not excessively expensive. I worked part time during the school year and full time in the summers. I still graduated with 25k in student loan debt. I don't think what you are suggesting is possible for everyone. I spent my first couple years trying to go the no-debt route but quickly realized it would take me 8+ years to graduate.