I absolutely don't get it. The CoffeeScript code looks way to obscure to me. I don't need more punctuation marks. List comprehensions can just be written in JavaScript very easily. jQuery provides them OOTB. Improved switch statements seems pointless when you can use a dispatch table. I'm all for better OO syntax, but I'd much prefer something slightly more verbose and transparent. This looks like an attempt to put Perl in the browser. I have to say that after doing a python project I totally don't get why people love it so much. The syntax is slightly cleaner, but the lack of threading, first-class functions and dependency management tools make it waste at least as much time as it saves. I honestly don't believe in the concept of a programming language being able to make code more or less readable. A Java project with a POM file can be up and running on any OS in about 5 minutes. Sorry, I should have said "lack of true threading in CPython" by which I mean the GIL limitation. And lambda expressions are lame compared to what you can do in JavaScript/Perl/Scala. And the build tools suck compared to Maven which is saying a lot. Maven is cross-platform and install-free. It takes a long time to makes head and tails of pip, easy_install and virtualenv and it still does less than Maven. I read it and their code examples are not great. Too many abbreviated and meaningless variable names. I'd say it's a byproduct of the fact that only in-the-know developers are using CoffeeScript, while JavaScript is being written by every rank-and-file amateur web dev in the world. There is likely an inverse correlation between language popularity and median code quality. Terse isn't the same as expressive. Consider Scala vs Java. In Java, definining a singleton involves implementing a design pattern in one of a few ways. Maybe you have a private constructor and a static initializer. In Scala you define your class with `object` and it's done. That's concise and expressive. In Java, if your generic class has a lower bound you write Class Foo while in Scala you write def Foo[T http://mercurial.selenic.com/ I personally hate the index. It gets in my way far more often than I actually make use of it. DRY. DRY DRY DRY. I wonder if investment will start to take a hit when they understand the enormous risk they are taking. Have you seen those "sponsored results" on Google? Better ban all their apps too. I work for a agency that does pretty substantial projects ($1-10M range) and we've done a fair amount of backbone. Angular has gotten a lot of chatter, but isn't really suitable for our kinds of projects. Honestly, Maven is way easier, more powerful and works identically on Win, Linux or Mac. The key is that Java let's you set classpath as a command line arg and pythonpath is an environment variable. It was less consistent, but there some brilliant ones. The brain switching episodes is one of my all-time favorites. "to keep the repository clean" Seems like not a worthy objective. Has anyone here ever had a project saved by a tidy commit history? 311 has had analytics for years. Either this guy is better at it than the last few guys or he is better at self-promoting. Confirmed. I give interviews and people get offers or not based on my feedback. I also don't know what I'm doing. It could be Imposter's Syndrome or maybe that's just what imposters tell themselves. I'm in the high-end web consulting biz and there is no shortage of customers looking for fork over millions for an end-to-end solution. Even at the low-end that he is bemoaning, the plethora of off-the-shelf tools is coupled with a massive explosion is the number of businesses requiring a web presence. Now they can all get a decent looking site up for cheap or even just a Facebook page for nothing, but the next frontier will be differentiating themselves from their competitors which will require professional services. Having an in-demand skill gives you a ton of leverage. I'm a 35 year old father of two and a tech arch. My job requires long hours around releases and the like but if there isn't an urgent need, I will just get up and leave whenever my family needs me or I just really want to see them. They can fire me if they don't like it, but they really have no choice because I'm too hard to replace. Didn't the White House already confirm most of his accusations are true? Rasmussen has been dinged in the past for having a right-wing bias. It consistently gave higher support for Romney than other posters. The recent Pew poll showed moderately favorable views of NSA snooping. More interestingly, it showed that Democrats had suddenly become a lot more trusting while Republicans were suddenly dubious. A reversal from when Bush was caught spying on us. The difference is that the NSA is taking away our freedom while the Great Firewall is ensuring a harmonious society. If torture gains information but breeds new terrorists then it isn't efficient. Headline should be "cost of storage", not "cost to store". They have to pay a lot of guys like Ed Snowden $200,000/yr to maintain a database that size. I think the key is that we don't have Article 58. Per the quote in the op-ed, the NSA has had the ability to make America a tyrrany since 1975 and it hasn't done so. None of history's police states required digital surveillance. What they required was, you know, tyranny. We don't have any right now. I look at this purely as a question of privacy and due process. I was pretty critical when I saw this on reddit 4 years ago. I'm not really a fan of git and didn't understand what the point of this site was that we couldn't get from sourceforge. The same has been said many times about Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest. I still don't really understand most of them, but I guess that's why I'm not a millionaire. I agree that they don't have the right to do this, I just don't think it amounts to tyranny. The Soviet Union was a police state because the national security apparatus was used not just for national security, but also for mercilessly squashing political dissent. A policy enforced with an iron fist by unelected oligarchs. As an analogy, consider how Americans view gun ownership in relation to gun crime as opposed how Europeans might view it. Crime is the telltale of a criminal, not having a gun. The creator of imgur was a reddit user who made no attempt to hide it. It was initially done as a side project for the benefit of reddit users and then spiralled into something much bigger. It's this guy: http://www.reddit.com/user/MrGrim In context, the stuff Carter complains about is baby stuff. But then you run the risk of resting on your laurels. When I hear people complain about having their freedoms taken, I think about Braveheart when William Wallace wanted to freedom to be ruled by Scottish monarchs instead of English ones. Both of which would be tyranny to a modern American. We need to keep raising the bar every generation. I think the difference is the decrease in scarcity. There's a reason that intensive agriculture marks the beginning of what we consider civilization. Aside from the fact that it requires sedentary living, it removed the constant threat of starvation and relieved us of our basest instinct to kill or be killed. Human progress and arguably human evolution has gone beyond our genetic destiny and is now shaped by our works. People who live in first-world countries are unlikely to ever face a shortage of high-quality food, potable water, sanitation, basic medical care. There are simply fewer things to fight about. Pointing out that neither Russia nor Iraq have evolved into liberal democracies the instant they escaped despotism, is hardly conclusive. The number of democracies in the world is always on the slow rise. When Russia overthrew the tsar, they thought they had a better idea and decided to give it a try. Not every experiment is a success. When South Korea escaped war with half a country, they traded occupation for an authoritarian Democracy that devolved into despotism and eventually evolved into a true liberal democracy. The process took a good 30+ years. Progress isn't linear, but it is steady. I learned it when I took martial arts lessons in college. I think a lot of athletes are taught to do it. I belly breath all the time now, but I don't know if it's because I was trained or I was always doing it. I bet it doesn't. Just browsing wikipedia, it seems that the man riding in on his white horse has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering editorials about him. A million readers just staightened their backs and puffed their chests. You're probably in the extreme minority. Also, President Correa has sent journalists to prison for writing unflattering OP-EDs. It's funny that you have such a distrust of American politics, but automatically assume that Ecuadorean politicians are better. If the problem is her mitochondria, can't they just use dad's? The Rosenberg's were convicted of giving nuclear secrets to the Soviets. That is a clearcut case of aiding and abetting our nation's enemies. Scooter Libby was sentenced to 30 months for outing a covert agent (sentence commuted by Bush). John Kiriakou similarly received a 30 month sentence for leaking classified info as well as outing a covert agent. Snowden leaked a load of classified data, but did so to journalists (as with Libby and Kiriakou) and did not out any agents or put any Americans in harms way. It seems likely that he would not come close to a capital case and would probably receive less than the 30 months imposed on leakers who outed agents. Reported by Daily Caller? It's quite possibly not real. Their social media team must be aces to get Tucker Carlson this much cred on HN and Reddit. All every human society has ever had is priveleges. What exactly did George Carlin think was the alternative? Who the hell else is going to guarantee your right not to be murdered for speaking your mind? How is this misinformation? It's 100% true that end-to-end encryption is unbreakable. It would seem the effect is to inspire confidence that our national secutiry apparatus is doing everything it can to head off threats before they happen. It seems that 90% of the outrage is container on reddit and HN. Good thing I stopped using mail like 7 years ago. That's both fascinating and inspiring, but note that the story is here is that are just reading the outside of envelopes, not the contents. And nothing is being censored. Government agents literally drive all over America with loaded guns. It's only a matter before they start killing us all. I doubt they're waiting to crack all that data. More likely they hold and if/when the owner is implicated in a crime, they will compel him to give up the password. Courts have compelled defendants to decrypt data seized in a legal search before. They could also maybe extract the password surreptitiously with more traditional investigation. Like looking over their shoulder when they type it. Microsoft has been just as cooperative with the NSA as Google. They have access to Bing and Skype. “Carousels are effective at being able to tell people in Marketing/Senior Management that their latest idea is on the Home Page." Precisely correct. This is why they exist and why they are so useful at resolving disputes. FTA: "In theory, this elevated tube system" So, yeah. Not a tunnel. A lot of times I see a resume with a laundry list of skills at the top like languages, app servers, CMS systems etc. First I thing I do is check the experience and make sure the skills are actually mentioned as having been used on a project. Otherwise, I assume you are padding to meet the req. Of course. If you are a legitimate suspect, any local police department can get a warrant to go inside your house and put your underpants in plastic bags and take them away. For that matter, they can cuff you and put you in jail. The question is what is the NSA doing without a warrant or rubber-stamped, secret, blanket warrants. What do they mean by bypass encryption? If I use outlook.com (or gmail.com or whatever) over https, then it's encrypted over the wire, but it's obviously decrypted on their servers. It's the only way that search could work. I assume if you are PGP encrypting your messages or something equivalent, it's still unbreakable. I posted this because I had just been handed a resume with this pitfall. Asked him about mystery skills X & Y and he told he had done some training, but never used them on a project. Lesson is: don't lie. The NSA is skating on very thin constitutional ice, but honestly they haven't really done anything that even qualifies as evil. The KGB did this kind of spying, but they did for the express purpose of sending dissenters to gulag. I haven't seen so much as a credible accusation that the NSA are doing anything other than their duly authorized mission. The difference is that the colonists had no recourse. "No taxation without representation" and all that. Without sending delegates to parliament, they had no channels to complain through, so rebellion was the only option. We could end the NSA completely by voting for candidates who support that. The business terms are "cost center" and "profit center". If you do IT for a financial firm, you are a cost to be controlled. If you do product development at a software company, your work contributes directly to profits and the more of you there are, the more profit they make. I can add that aside from software, consulting also treats programmers as profit makers although clients will see you as a huge cost. Good companies know that IT facilitates their work and should be treated with respect, but that mindset is still the exception rather than the rule. The one an interviewer told me I had asked an excellent question, was to ask how IT is viewed within this (financial) organization We've fallen into a trap where no one will believe the program is over regardless of what he says, so he gets no benefit from actually doing it. The appeals court opinion stated in no uncertain terms that the reason they ruled the way they did is that the plaintiffs had no standing since the statute unequivocally excludes American citizens or anyone captured on American soil. The AUMF basically just extends POW-type status to non-state actors (Al Qaeda and Taliban in particular) which makes perfect sense to me. "why wouldn't I just buy and iPad?" Because they are expensive and completely locked down? The DDoS-proof solution is to put your repo on your own infrastructure. Not OP, but my last project on github ran for about 6 months and had at least 3 outages on the order minutes or hours. Didn't shut down the project, but it was worrisome and I don't think they were DDoS attacks. There is a fundamential principle of programming that I think most failed programmers can't wrap their head around at that is GIGO. When you start typing words, most people will have trouble with the rigorous and literal interpretation of words that are normally far more expressive and nebuluous when shared with people instead of computers. And, if I may step way out on a limb, this is especially difficult for women and seems to be a major tripping point for women who are otherwise more than bright enough to be good programmers. I think that Isla seems to be usable for any minimally literate kids (like 6 years old) and can impart GIGO while being really simple and fun. It's not a replacement for BASIC, but it can be seen as a stepping stone to it. My daughter is 5 and just learning to read. If I get her going with Isla while she's doing kindergarten, can she attend Hacker School this summer? I know a family in an expensive neighborhood of an elite east coast city where the wife has spent the 5 years since receiving her PhD at home with her kids. I think I'd rather do 2 years at Club Fed in the US than be under FSB control in Russia. I mean, Putin straight kills journalists. That isn't remotely the same thing. Max sentence is unlikely. Libby and Kiriakou both got 30 months and they exposed covert agents which Snowden did not (I know Libby served no time, but he was still sentenced). If Snowden is brought home to face charges, he will probably get a worse sentence now because he fled. UCMJ. He was active duty military, not a civilian. He hasn't been charged with treason and if he were, he'd be acquitted. It's worth noting that prior to the internet there was absolutely no way of creating intercept-proof communication. Whilst I don't want companies handing over the SSL keys any more than you do, we have only had truly secure communication protocols available to the public for the past 10 or so years of human history. I've been slowly coming to thus realization every time I read about another gotcha with MongoDB or any of other upstarts who are running into problems Oracle solved 15 years ago. I'm surprised Oracle isn't leveraging BerkeleyDB more to combat the NoSQL upstarts. It's languished since the acquisition even though it had a big headstart. The NYPD fly helicopters over the city pretty much all day every day. And they are probably armed with something or other. The FBI drones are not. Drone surveillance can never be illegal by definition since they can only observe things in public view. I wish people would stop worrying about specific tactics, be it drones or decrypting SSL traffic, and worry about due process. There are literally tens of thousands of armed government agents on the streets of every municipality of America and have been for hundreds of years. I have a flight to LA tomorrow. Any chance this will be ready by tonight? I've heard this before and never understood why. Why? Same here. Data notwithstanding, I've done a lot of job interviews for candidates with the right resume and most are not hirable. Software engineering is a field where quality is hugely important. When is the last time the US government was so much as credibly suspected of assasinating absolutely anyone - journalist or otherwise - on American soil? Fairway in the NY area has an olive oil bar with about dozen varieties and bread for dipping. Most are domestic and labelled as such. The nuance in flavor is easily detectable. I find most supermarket brands taste about the same. The olive taste is so distinct you'd never confuse it for canola, corn or anything else. Yeah, the Salon article is thinly veiled editorial. It extrapolates quite a bit from what Hayden actually said which was pretty reasonable. He is not saying hackers=terrorists, but rather some hackers may turn to terrorism-style attacks and he is probably correct. Capitalism sucks sometimes. So at what point (if ever) did you hire someone to be in charge of customer acquisition? You need a warrant, but honestly we don't know if that isn't the case here. It's come up before that the NSA, FBI et al, serve warrants for encrypted data and can demand it be decrypted. Otherwise, services like lavabit are equivalent to Swiss bank accounts that are unreachable by any means, legitimate or otherwise. Realistically, this service was almost certainly hosting a ton a illegal activities. I think the trick here is that lavabit can't share data even with a warrant. Their inability to do so is pretty much their entire business model. That protects people from unwarranted intrusions, but it also insulates people from legitimate investigation. If they build a backdoor for only duly authorized warrants, they are no more or less obligated to comply with an NSL. Google, Yahoo, MS, etc don't encrypt their data and they had the same choice to make when served with a NSL or whatever. They fought through legal channels to some degree before caving. Shutting down operations was technically possible, though infeasible. They could have spoken out publicly and accepted the consequences. I doubt they think twice about handing over data requested in a warrant nor should they. I'm thinking now that if he had just been ordered to turn over some data, shutting down his service wouldn't let him off the hook. They must have asked for a back door or some other ongoing intrusion. So long as they are doing this to target legitimate national security threats, it isn't. There is no filter on free speech nor any hint that one might be coming. Right now it's just overzealous prosecution that is nipping at the 4th amendment. The 1st amendment is secure for now. You've just discovered the reason our investment banking system is so screwed up. Earn $20M on your trades this year? Take $500K as a bonus. Those same investments lose $30M the year after? Well, now your bonus is just $30K and maybe you'll do better next year. If they asked him to produce customer data and he deletes instead, then he is in violation. If they asked him to install some middleware for all his traffic, he can just say "Sure, but I don't have any traffic anymore". I don't think the encryption thing is the problem. I honestly have a hard time accepting that he was unable to provide decrypted content even with a warrant. That pretty much makes this a Swiss bank account for data and you better believe criminals would be all over it. I'd rather go through legal channels to end violations of due process. It reminds me a lot of Kurt Vonnegut. "All persons, living and dead, are purely coincidental." and "We are here on Earth to fart around. Don't let anybody tell you any different." I've read a few stories today about Snapchat mostly around the supposed co-founder suing for a slice of their pie. I swear I've never heard of it before today. And their website is just a picture of two women getting electrocuted while taking a picture of the sun. Does it support multiple pods in the tube at once? Government would be the slickest grease to get this problem solved quicklky as he direclty outlines in his plan. If you want to lay 1000 miles of track (or tube) through private land, you need to get about 50,000 signed up. His plan to put it alongside a highway means you only need one approval. It's funny because it's not me. So I'm used to configuring stuff by hand, and now I see a lot of buzz around docker, vagrant, chef, puppet, salt and they seem like glorified shell scripts. Am I missing something? I've seen this trend forming over the last 3-4 years. Backend technology now has a vast wealth of frameworks, tools and hosted services to choose from. People still bicker over Django vs Rails or even Spring, but regardless any of these are so vastly superior to what we were working with 10 years ago. Cloud hosting has been another huge disruptor. We still have plenty of work, but on a typical web project nowadays, client-side development has seen increasing demands and slower uptake of new technology thus shifting the project bottlenecks form backend to front. Expectations are higher since the capabilities are there, but we've only just passed the hump of supporting IE6 and now we have to worry about phones. I'm reading this python example ( http://docs.docker.io/en/latest/examples/python_web_app/ ) and it's a wrapper for running bash scripts with arcane syntax layered on top. Whole thing makes no sense. Unless they are planning on going full retard and abducting/killing/imprisoning someone, then minor harassment just makes you look like assholes. Impotent assholes at that. Cameron is bad, but he isn't Putin. Greenwald knows his threats are idle. Obama has been playing it cool and making some token concessions which is a much more media-savvy approach. This is like when Dave Chappelle walked on his show because he couldn't deal with being so successful. I honestly don't understand, but then again I've never been within 100 miles of that kind of problem. It's not ethnocentrism, it's real. Even from wealthy countries in East Asia where the strict Confucian relationships put huge burdens on women. Obviously, a lot if not most people are inured to those cultures and don't like the Euro/American level of cultural freedom. The ones who moved are the ones who couldn't deal with the oppression.