I am baffled by these new trends. I have seen websites that need scalability cache all the DB queries in memcached, but the queries didn't have any large degree of temporal locality. How is this supposed to do anything other than move the database into memory? Shouldn't the DBMS already do that by itself? The only benefit I can see is that the queries would be memoized instead of having to be run again and again, but I'm not sure that would be such a great advantage if the entire DB was loaded in memory. Anyway, I'm just thinking aloud here, but it seems to me that in many cases you really don't want a caching layer above the DB... It's better if you actually own the small company, though... No, we're never going to show your content to other users (or to anyone else), it's private. The policy is the same as del.icio.us's, I thought it was made clear in there that we won't share anything, but I'll clarify it. What we might do is show lists of the ten most popular URLs, for example. Since those are indexed by many people, nobody will be able to personally identify anyone. We wouldn't even keep the page, but it's necessary for reindexing things if something goes wrong (e.g. we are thinking of changing the search engine, and it would require a wipe of everyone's history if we didn't keep the pages). In short, no, we will never show your cached pages or even your URLs, except in very anonymized circumstances. What's a google? Uh, the voice is not autogenerated (it sounds natural), and hence it's 100% certain that this was scripted? First of all, thanks very much for your feedback! To address your points, there are no plans for your bookmarks to be public, or have an option to show a page with them, either. The nature of the site doesn't lend itself to public bookmarks at all, as there is no list of bookmarks to publicise in the first place. To make it public we would have to add a search box for people to search in your bookmarks, which may or may not be useful... I see what you mean about it, and I agree, but many people have said "I will never use this if I can't have privacy", so we listened to them. It might, however, be a typical case of the users not knowing what they want, because nobody seems to mind facebook... I'd like one like that too :( Thank you for your feedback, it is much appreciated! The point of the site is to not have lists of bookmarks, though, so you can add many many sites and then find them easily. I find that, if I have a list, I tend to either try and keep it tidy or, if I don't, I just get frustrated and never look at it. We wanted historious to never show you the extent of your bookmarks, and to just give you the info you want transparently. That's why the notion of "public bookmarks" is hard to apply here... Thank you, we hope so too! Thank you for your feedback! To address your points: - There is currently a feature to import from delicious (go to "historify site"), but it has been temporarily disabled while we make our crawler multithreaded, because the unexpected popularity and people trying to import thousands of links at once made indexing very slow for everyone. It should be up again in the next few days. - That is a very good idea! I'm not sure if the delicious dump file has them, but it should, I'll add it to our bug tracker, thanks! Your points are very valid. It is also my personal opinion that people say one thing and do another, as far as privacy is concerned. I will put the policy change on the table and we will think about ways to make the service amenable to shared bookmarks, as it would indeed be a good feature. Currently, a way of sharing that I, personally, have found works pretty well is to enable AutoTweet, which tweets your historified links with a tag. Then you can search for #historified and you see links people all over the world have historified. That is just an aside, however, and we will absolutely look into link sharing. We don't want to use your links for nefarious purposes or to divulge anything embarrassing, but having a more lax policy that enables sharing is something we do want. Thank you again for your feedback, it is sincerely appreciated. Hmm, that only searches in the title, though, doesn't it? Importing from delicious exists (click "historify site" on the top right) and will be re-enabled as soon as we finish testing the new, faster backend. Please stay tuned (and follow us at @historrific), we're sciencing as fast as we can! You mean the screen you see the first time you log in? That's just a short preamble to tell you how to use historious (many people aren't very technically minded and don't immediately see how to use the service). Hopefully it's not too much to read quickly, though! Thanks for your feedback! EDIT: Sorry, I didn't answer your first question: We use a Linode in Georgia, so if you're near there it should be pretty fast (their servers are quite fast too). I never thought of it that way, but you are absolutely right. Thank you for that perspective. As I mentioned below, there is a delicious importing feature but it has been disabled while we test the new, faster backend. The workflow you propose would be very handy, but it would have to support more sites... Luckily, we have an API anyone can use to write their own tools to add sites to historious! Oh, I bet you'll like http://historio.us/export/ , but you can still pay us $10/yr if you want! historious is an optional $5, so we have that beat! Hmm, thank you for pointing that vulnerability out... Do you mind contacting us at support at historious to discuss? Also, there is a Chrome extension available and we will be writing more as time progresses (sadly there are more important issues to address). Thank you very much! Haha, now we will work double-time to get that working! Thanks, good luck to you too! You can right-click in the search bar and create a browser search for it, and then you can use your browser search as normal. To remove the bookmarks, just click the "remove" link next to them. Yes, you can search for * and that will give you all the links. There's a small problem with that, currently, so you can search for http instead to achieve the same result. Thanks, we're trying not to. We're pretty resistant to adding tags, categories, lists, etc. Even the listing methods implemented now are side-effects rather than actual functionality. Thank you for your feedback, it is very valuable to us as we're always looking for ways to explain what we do better. The beauty of historious is that you actually find yourself using it a lot, because bookmarking with it is very cheap, just one click with no lists to clean up. The image we do need to change, as it blends in too much. The email confirmation is just for resetting your password, we don't use it for much else right now... The extension just bookmarks sites when you click it. Thanks, we will change the front page to reflect all this! It does, but the noise is too large, and the pages will eventually be deleted, so it's not very suitable for long term storage. The hints have various useful tips, and the FAQ page too. There is no page with the syntax, because we didn't think that users will need anything special, but we will add one! Oh, thanks for that, we'll fix it right away! Hmm, this is actually a good idea and I'm not sure why we don't do it right now. I will add it to the tracker and we will try to implement it soon! Many reasons, it's too slow especially if you have limited bandwidth, data becomes much more sensitive (e.g. password, banking details, etc etc), but most importantly, it increases the noise so much you can't find anything at all in the end... The bookmarklet is the same, the sniffing is for the instructions. The problem is that we want the code below to be the same as the one in the bookmarklet, so we use the same file for both, but for some reason newlines are not removed. I will change that now to make it work with Safari... I'm sorry, do you mean that the actual bookmarklet doesn't work, or the text below? You're only supposed to use the text if the bookmarklet fails, we just wrap it for display... Thank you for your feedback, let me address the points one by one: 1) You can't see your bookmark, that's the point. You don't have to see them unless you're looking for them! However, we realise people might need to see the entire list, so you can search for * or "http" to get a list of your bookmarks. The * search is a bit broken right now, but we are working to fix it. 2) Facebook posting is also planned! 3) Thanks for that idea, I will add it to our tracker! 4) That is also a good idea, we will have to resend you a validation email but that's fine. OpenID would also be great, we want to support it very very much and will do after the high-priority items are sorted. 5) A Firefox extension is planned, but is lower priority right now. Any volunteers who wanted to write an open source extension would be welcome! 6) You are probably getting a 3 because you are forgetting the "agent" parameter, if everything else is correct. We do need example, though, thanks! 7) Who wants to clutter the UI? :P We'd love some help, and would be glad to recommend you! Please contact me at stavros at historious if you'd like. Also, thank you for the Mozilla link, I wasn't aware of that and it is very useful. Nope, we don't... Those aren't very searchable, though, or we would. PDFs are a bigger priority, but they we still need to have a way to extract text from them... I think it does, but we're sort of against indexing everything , because then we'd just turn into Google search... It's much easier to locate something when you have only three or four documents of that type rather than a hundred... Thank you, we're glad you like our product! We have a few people in our team (including me) who come from a machine learning background, so we will definitely experiment with some clustering algorithms to see if we can organise the bookmarks automatically. You can import your Google bookmarks easily by uploading your bookmarks.html from Google directly on our "historify site" page. However, this is currently disabled for performance reasons, but we will soon (i.e. in the next few days) re-enable it for the users' convenience. Please follow our Twitter feed to be informed on the status of this, and thank you again for your preference! Thanks, the difference is that historious searches inside the pages rather than just the titles. So, if there was a page talking about fish called "Sea creatures", you could search for "fish" and historious would find that bookmark. Thank you for your kind words, I am glad you like it! Hello and thanks for your feedback. Let me reply: 1) Yes, the indexer has been lagging a bit behing :/ The search engine is just so slow, we'll replace it right away. 2) I guess a simple link wouldn't hurt, we'll look into placing it on the page. 3) That is true, we can have the extension automatically add historious as a search provider when you install it, which would solve both problems. Thanks again! Hello, we're sorry about that issue; we're working to fix it ASAP. For more details, please see this blog post: http://blog.historio.us/performance-problems-and-lessons-in-... Thanks for your feedback! The Chrome extension has some problems, sadly, but we can't reproduce the issue and they are not consistent at all (e.g. some users found that reinstalling the extension makes them go away). We have no idea why it's behaving that way, sadly :( Email confirmation not really that necessary, and I agree that it's an unnecessary burden. We will look into removing the email verification (but an account is necessary as you need to be assigned an API key)... We're adding historious as a search provider in the extension now! We believe that we should make a fun product first and monetize it later (it's the wrong way around, I know, but we like it)! Thanks for the suggestions! 1) That is planned and will be added soon, it is a very good idea. 2) I have no idea why we don't do this already, we'll add it straight away! 3) We will, but right now we will be changing backends, so we will document the new one (probably Sphinx with EXTENDED2). We don't reindex documents, as they are cached and never change (when you bookmark something, the bookmarklet sends the source to the server, which is how we can bypass registrations and paywalls). Plus, you need the document to be as you remember it. We currently use Whoosh with Python, but it turns out to be excruciatingly slow. We will change to either Sphinx or Solr. We don't know why the extension does that :( We can't reproduce it on any of our computers, but many users seem to have the problem :/ Yeah, if your thing means I can sync my data across computers without you seeing any of it, I'm never using Dropbox again. I agree with that, I will change the copy. We need ideas like these if we want to increase our conversion rate, and we do! Thanks again! Thanks for that report, I'll see what we can do! On the contrary, it's great for sabotaging enemies by suggesting they use it. They couldn't remember the fastest CPU in the world, this is just a tribute. You were on the 24, weren't you. What, no Zelda? Bah! Or: Theory predicts experimental results perfectly. I would also like to know which games these screens are from. The art is breathtaking and the fact that it is achieved with nothing but some cycling colours is nothing short of astonishing. Why don't we have games like these any more? EDIT: Actually, Braid. By "games like these" I meant "games so lovingly and artfully created", but thanks for the piece of history, it was really interesting to read... The world in Brave New World was portrayed in a very negative light, but I found it to be a utopia where everyone is happy. I don't see why a future where people have everything they may want and are happy all the time without fear is a bad world to be in... Really, I've been waiting for a good Android pad for a long time, and these crappy "$150 iPad rivals" just don't cut it... This is what I get: http://imgur.com/dbLty.png Opera on Ubuntu Steve Jobs? Or put it in the bathroom. We are a bootstrapped startup that aims to change the way you bookmark sites. In order to remain bootstrapped, we just instituted a $3/mo subscription that gives users some perks. We also launched public user pages where you can share your bookmarks and give users the link so they can search your bookmarked items. This is my page, for example: http://stavros.historio.us/search/ We would, once more, appreciate your feedback! Ah, good point, we'll add more cues. Thanks for your feedback! That is a very good point and we are certainly considering it, thank you for your feedback! EDIT: We have historious.net and .org now and they are pointing to historio.us. Thanks again for the nudge! I prefer £800. If I see a piece of code and I think "this code sucks", go back to rewrite it and then realize mid-way that there was a reason they did it that way, the code does suck. Good programmers leave comments saying "this is ugly because X". Thank you for that reference. Unfortunately, the software is Windows-only, which I don't own... I'll see if I can run it somewhere else, thanks again! That still doesn't mean that the code is good, though. Seriously? This is a problem? We have too much energy and we must tell people to stop producing it? The absolute worst thing that can happen is that wind farm owners will have to scale production down because they can't sell it. Sure, we'll be wasting some energy but without storage, what can we do? If this problem is so frequent, get more export lines and sell the excess elsewhere (and, conversely, import when you're running low). Why is this portrayed as a problem at all? This solution seems overcomplicated. It might work fine, I've never tried it, but I can't imagine databases (even postgres) being optimized for such things. The way we did it at http://historio.us was to just have a foreign key to each user (this can be easily extended to groups of users, i.e. companies) and just performed a lookup of the related fields depending on the domain. This has worked very well so far, it's very fast, scalable and has given us zero problems. Since all the tables are the same, I imagine it should work very well for the poster, with an appropriate index, too... Or huge batteries, I guess... I blame it on never understanding the UI, the way it did things, or its usefulness. It's like a chat you can't delete things from, and everyone sees what you type and all your mistakes? And you can post pictures? I just don't get it. The Onion got a makeover? I can't say I recognise the design... I am very much partial to the Perspectives way of doing SSL authentication: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~perspectives/firefox.html I don't need to know if the guy has paid someone to sign their certificate, I need to know if that certificate has been there for longer (even if it's self-signed). It's just more valuable information than whether or not a guy has $10. I really hope Perspectives becomes standard in all browsers, then we can slowly migrate away from central signing CAs. Prey looks great, do you know if it's legit? It's open source and everything, I'm just asking if you know of anything fishy happening with them. Nobody seems to like my opinion, but MongoDB kept eating my data regularly and silently. My writeups are here: http://www.korokithakis.net/node/116 http://www.korokithakis.net/node/119 I would love to answer questions if I could figure out how to easily see my replies on HN :/ I'll bet that Assange will be found dead after a "mugging" soon... Yes, I mark the point where I switched to 1.4 in my posts (and the same about the 64-bit version). In one case (recently, with 1.4.1 64-bit) I had lost half my data in a crash, and restored from week-old backups only to discover that they were missing back then too. Turns out it was a silent corruption days ago... Thanks for the "threads" tip, it's really handy. About your points: 1. This is true (there was no warning that I saw when I was downloading it, although one was added later, or maybe I didn't notice it). However, I upgraded to the stable version when it came out to give MongoDB a second chance, because it sounds very good in theory, and I had the same (if not bigger) problems. 2. I hadn't known about it, and, no matter how pubilc it is, the server could just refuse to store more data. Silently corrupting two documents for every document inserted is inexcusable, even if your database was forged in the pits of hell. I think your point about the poster child thing is true. While I meant my post as a sort of "MongoDB didn't look too production-ready to me, but I hope it gets there eventually", people became really polarized and took it either as "this guy is right, MongoDB sucks " or "this guy is an idiot, silently corrupting data is perfectly acceptable if there's a notice on the website"... I started with the unstable version and then switched to the stable one, but the problems continued. If I remember correctly, the problems with 1.3 were not significantly more than 1.4. I know that now :P Regardless, the problems continued with 1.4. In retrospect, I have these observations: * The corruption of data might be excused in the development branch. * The silent corruption of the data when the server goes past its limit for a 32-bit DB cannot be excused, since the server could die , at the very least. * The corruption of data due to the process being killed because the connection dropped wasn't MongoDB's fault. * Requiring 9 GB of RAM for 5 indexes doesn't sit very well with me... * Silently corrupting data for me to find out days later is not something a stable, unstable or toy database should do... Old age. Isn't t treason to divulge classified documents? I have a hard time believing that divulging 50k of them and compromising national security, foreign operations, etc etc is not a crime... If not, spies have it really easy. It is a good move. I didn't pirate it, but I'll buy it to support them (plus it's just three quid). I only wish it were on Steam... Really? So you can divulge anything you want about any country and you won't be committing a crime in that country? Are you saying that, no matter what Assange does, he can just go in and out of the US freely? Did you know that absolutely anything you can imagine is encrypted with an OTP in the first N digits of pi, where N is the length of your information? Did you ever get past the first 10 pixels? Yeah, I meant the sale, it's 15 quid on Steam :/ It is, but no sale :/ See if you can make SQLite lose your data, I'd like to see that... We can't get our shit together long enough to stop destroying the planet, do you think we'll care if people will be able to read our books 2000 years later? What do you use? Are there any other good gateways? I haven't been able to find anything that doesn't require a huge setup fee (for my volume of business). I bought the game because of your comment, but I really really want to add it to Steam, otherwise I'll lose the files and I'll have to download it from piratebay or something... I emailed them twice so far, I wish I had a key I could add... I just sit in a 120 degree angle and have never had problems with my back, wrists, neck or anything. Just make sure the screen is high up that you don't have to bend your neck... Ah, the times I've done that (or not done market research because I wanted to write the tool)... No, seriously. What sort of setup do you mean? I just lie back on my chair, so all you need is a chair with an adjustable back. I also lower it all the way down so the desk is at shoulder height. This forces you to rest your hands on your elbows instead of your wrists and to have them on a straight line. Your desk just needs to be deep enough to allow your arms to be on it past the midway to the elbow, so you don't have to actively raise your hands. Lowering your chair also has the benefit of bringing the screen at eye-height, but you could just get a high desk... I think you should be able to add a game to Steam if you have a key, they do let you do that... If I lose the files (which I will), I'll just get them off TPB, I guess... My point wasn't that we'll disappear, it was that there are more pressing concerns to address... Thanks for the info, I'll give Amazon a go. Hopefully they'll be less fascist than PayPal, thanks again! EDIT: It seems that it's only available in the US, back to PayPal I go, I guess :/ I've been drooling over the Desire for a long time, but now, with rumours of the HD Desire coming out soon, I might wait for that... Unfortunately I don't, as the chair I have now is a stupid dorm chair. Any office chair with an adjustable back will do, just make it go back 120 degrees... NP-complete, actually. NP-hard problems don't have NP-complete equivalents. I'm hoping that it has a screen with double the resolution. Locally, rdiff-backup. Remotely, Duplicity on S3. Actually "recommend" is too weak a word. If you aren't doing daily backups with duplicity, you deserve whatever comes to you. It's fantastic, set-and-forget, and using S3 is nearly free.