To be fair, I don't recall anyone of import advocating that economics is a natural science. Look at any university course catalogue and it is wedged pretty firmly in the social science department where it should be, along with the other fake sciences like psychology and sociology (though I would have to call it a continuum of fake, with clinical psychology on the "closer to real" end and sociology on the "just making junk up" end). Unfortunately, I suspect that there is too much incentive to "make observation fit one's expectations" in these fields. Conversely, what purpose does non-scientific quantum physics serve? Beyond weaseling more research money, pretty much nothing. But making economics and sociology say things that aren't held up by observation can, and most often does, lead to vast political and social change. Very surreal. I don't know if anyone here knows, but Curtis Jackson started out in life as a drug dealer. Here's how I gain respect as a programmer. I complete my work on time, I do brilliant work, I don't abide cheesehead managers wanting to set unrealistic schedules, and I maintain a certain level of deliberate eccentricity to keep everyone guessing. Now, nobody wants to piss me off because they're too afraid I'll quit and leave everyone in a lurch. How you are perceived in your career is entirely up to you. Were SQL developers never taught the importance of reducing code duplication? Seriously, I see it a lot "in the wild". Databases that are filled with duplicated data, duplicate procedures, duplicate views. It's a bit sickening. I agree with you in principle, that SQL developers are definitely needed, I just think that anyone espousing to be a programmer should be capable of proper database design and programming. Well, I guess the people who aren't are usually not that great at imperative programming either... Isn't this more accurately called a Delta Robot? I print upwards of 20"x30" with my 8MP DSLR. That's significantly larger than most people ever get prints done in their home. Shooting digital also greatly reduces my packing load when travelling. I have 16GB of CF cards, taking up less space than a pack of cards. I struggle to fill 8GB in an entire week of shooting while travelling. At a certain point "more detail" is just wasted effort. You're not going to stand right on top of a 15' tall blown up photo, counting film grain OR pixels. Here's another question. What does Ken Rockwell have to fear from digital photography? Seriously, why else would he expend so much effort debunking this "conspiracy" (his words "(digital) raw is actually a conspiracy to addict you to having to buy software the rest of your life")? It's the Kodak conspiracyyyyyyyyy! I very definitely write code as part of my design process. Code is free. It's not like building a shed where nailing some boards together to see how a truss should work costs money. Banging on some keys to see how sockets should interplay is free (disregarding time, but we're already engaged in "design", and I presume we are interested in "the right answer, sometime" instead of "the wrong answer, today"). So I code as part of my design process. I might throw that code away. I might keep a function or five. Who knows? But there is no way to know what the design is going to look like until you know all of the limitations, and the only way to know all of the limitations is to actually take a peek. Oh no! Someone call Bernanke! We need to stimulate the film photography industry! bullshit. The cause of obesity is and always was gluttony. Quit trying to apologize for overeating. I don't care if "you have a low metabolism". Quit listening to the FDA's bullshit on what a "balanced" meal means. You need to figure it out for yourself. We should all be angry, because a culture of denying accountability is about to saddle us with the biggest paternalistic program of transfer payments ever. We're going to get to pay for Bubba's heart surgery because he couldn't control how many cheeseburgers he ate in one sitting. While I agree that we shouldn't be paying for it, and that it is the government's fault for making us pay for it, once the "system" is known, shouldn't the overeater be as much to blame? While an individual is still responsible for paying for their own healthcare, then how they abuse themselves is up to him. In a world were others are responsible for his healthcare, he has a social responsibility to not abuse himself, a social responsibility that I am all too sure will be ignored. This is the fundamental issue with paternalistic programs. If you give the public responsibility over a person's well being, they will also require the means to control that person's activities. Unfortunately, I think national healthcare is a foregone conclusion, and not just single-payer-health-insurance, I mean full the "doctors are government employees" thing. Too many people have conflated health care with a right. that sort of grad school is for people who need their hands held to learn things. To me, a lot of this is what the "design" process is for. You have a certain set of requirements that you need to fulfill, so before you set about coding it, you enumerate how it is possible to implement it. Now, I won't go into details like "Use a System.Web.UI.WebControls.Label here", but if it's something that I know my peers don't have much experience with (like apparently the entire System.Drawing namespace, dammit), then I'll specifically indicate in the design that that is an option. It makes for a much more streamlined process for development. No, it doesn't answer all of the questions that come up in coding, but it certainly slays the big dragons. GUI wc is context menu option in file manager. Creative inspiration is not a bolt of lightning that hits you at random. It's a process of cascading train-of-thought. If you never get that train to leave the station, you're never going to get anywhere. You need to stop procrastinating and force yourself to work to put yourself in the necessary conditions for creative work to happen. Sitting around, watching movies, eating cheezy-poofs isn't going to do it. Some of the greatest works of art have been created in essentially that situation. The subtly subversive works of artists toiling under the employ oppressive, totalitarian governments, people like Hans Fischerkoesen. While I think there is merit to the concept that "workin' hard is for suckas", I mean that only in what our classical conception of what "working hard" means. Our entire industry, this "Information Technology" thing, is fundamentally about making things that allow people to not work hard. Technology is about being lazy, about avoiding effort where effort is not necessary. Using index cards and typewriters to compose documents is certainly harder work than using a word processor application on a PC. Nobody would ever say there was greater merit in the old way (well, nobody worth paying attention to). It's the distinction between "working hard" and "working smart." So "hard work" in the classical sense seems to mean "sit down, head down, move the pencil, move the pencil, move the pencil." That's toiling. That's not thinking of more efficient ways to "move the pencil". Working hard is a productivity enhancer, but only in a linear fashion. Technology is a productivity multiplier. I refer you to the Robert Heinlein short-story "The Tale of the Man Who Was Too Lazy to Fail," which is provided in his magnum opus "Time Enough for Love". We should be "working hard" on finding ways to be lazy. It's through the pursuit of technologies that allow us to be as productive as we are on less effort that make the big advances in productivity, not "working hard". If you plan the rest of your life out while you're still in your teens, you'll likely end up with a bad plan (because you lack the life experience to know what a good plan looks like), and you will probably miss out on a lot of the nicer things in life. There's something to be said for stepping back and experiencing life now while you're still young and flexible instead of waiting until after you've achieved "success" and are consequentially old and creaky. I routinely use discrete math in "everyday, consultingware". Computer Science, and by extension programming, is fundamentally a study of discrete math. Linear algebra is another field that I use a LOT, and not just in graphics systems. If you think math isn't useful for programming, it's because you don't know enough math. I'm with the OP on this one, I wish I knew more math. I'm certain it would make me a more efficient programmer. In the great conversation-that-is-the-internet, why is what anyone says not important, merely for a lack of notoriety? What does the movie theater do to you when you enter BUT suppress your rights to sing/talk/shout/etc, on the terms that they will let you watch the movie? What does the military do to you BUT suppress your right to freely determine your life, on the terms that they will provide food, shelter, and training to you? If a movie theater would want to restrict your rights to write a negative review, why would you attend that movie theater? If a contract is bad, you don't enter into it This isn't just some schmoe replying to the GNU Manifesto. This is a person replying to comments made about him by Richard Stallman. So it's not " a response to...", it is " the response to..." Holy crap, it's so weird to read something that articulates feelings I've had about ORM systems for years. I really don't think you can fairly call cows sentient. Along with chickens and turkeys, they are some of the dumbest creatures around. They're barely more than walking vegetables. The concept of "Ignorance of the law is no excuse" (Ignorantia juris non excusat) was really only ever meant in the context of natural laws, e.g. murder, theft, rape, etc. These things are so obviously horrible that anyone should know they are wrong. Hence "crossed over that line knowing what he or she was doing." In the realm of political laws, ignorance absolutely excuses. Why should it be obvious that importing orchids requires certain paperwork? While jeremymims didn't explicitly espouse a vegan viewpoint, he did mention the "slaughter [of] 10 billion sentient, thinking animals", an emotionally charged choice of words which in my experience is a characterization that only ever comes from a vegan viepoint. Serious moral consideration is a whole different story than "don't eat them". This article, and thus my statement, has nothing to do with the torture of animals. Most of my meat comes from local farmers, people I know personally, even places I worked when I was a kid. Cattle can and are raised in humane conditions. But when a cow can push against an electric fence, recoil from getting shocked, and then push on the fence again, there is clearly something missing in that cow brain that accounts for learning in other creatures. Cows are not intelligent creatures. "Delicious" is certainly up to interpretation. Additionally, if "meat is murder", then why so many "fake murder" products? I don't really see what the issue is with the article. So hamburgers are a homogeneous mix of meat from multiple cows. I never had deep-seated convictions that they only came from one cow in the first place. Does a bag of frozen vegetable medley come from one plant? Does it even come from one plant per type of vegetable? The question is, what is the benefit of switching? "It's easier." Yes, technically metric is easier than imperial... but imperial isn't that hard . not adhering to handling standards is a different issue than "mixing meat from different parts of the cow and different cows". And if you're going to act like that, then it's poetic justice that a lot of vegans are malnourished. did you really just tell me to "lurk moar noob"? Torture was never mentioned by anyone other than the anti-meat crowd here. it's a defective house boat. Here's the thing that I find tragically hilarious about this conversation: you can't get people this riled up about their local school superintendent embezzling money. I love JavaScript as a language, there are some neat things in it (not the least of which is expando object, whoo), but there are much better tools than it for doing application development (even if we go no further than Flex or SilverLight, we've improved dramatically over JavaScript in terms of project management and toolchain availability). If you're worried about namespacing, then you're using the language with the intention of a real application programming language. There are other ways to get code to client in a web-accessible way that doesn't mean "AJAX everywhere!" I would say you have spun AIDS I know a lot of people who put "Eclipse" and "Visual Studio" on their resumes. I think it's reasonable because there are very rarely any such things as standards in software development. Municipal building codes are standards. Drug testing regimens are standards. Programming languages are not standards. At best they are conventions, and only insofar as certain niche subset industries are concerned. As for de facto standards, I don't think we should be paying much attention to them. I think it's very important to draw the distinction that software development currently has no standards (you might be able to argue for TCP/IP, where alternatives are only ever used because they fulfill some unique use case not covered by TCP/IP), because for as much as we want to call this industry "software engineering", we sure as hell don't treat it like any other field of engineering, for many of the reasons already mentioned. I think the first step is to sit down and agree on some terminology. You can't even get two programmers to agree on what "Object Oriented Programming" means. No wonder we aren't treated like professional engineers. We don't act like them. Always a fan of INTERCAL. Malbolge is a good one, too. I've personally found that people who got into programming before the dotCom boom don't need to worry about a lack of degree, people who got in after absolutely need a degree. I wouldn't say that using Python for scripting is even a de facto standard in that sense. Don't make the mistake of assuming your experiences are normative. I generally don't consider it as "we're dating" until at least the 3rd or 4th date. The first few dates are tryouts for "dating". He falls into a number of fundamental paradoxes in his reasoning. He asserts that profit is evil, which is essentially saying that time spent procuring resources is not a cost that can be recuperated through monetary compensation. He almost even comes out and says time isn't a cost when he says he'd think it evil to sell something he found while dumpster diving, "how can you sell something you get for free?". He didn't get it for free, he got it through the time effort of dumpster diving, a recurring cost that has a random (though apparently positive) payoff. Yet his entire motivation for "dropping out" is to use his time as he sees fit, because it is the most precious thing to him. He asserts that trade requires someone to be "the sucker", yet he justifies his couch surfing by offering his friends services instead of money. Trade fundamentally requires that both parties agree that the trade action is advantageous to both of them; total value increases for both parties, separately and combined. He is absolutely engaged in a purely capitalistic system of free trade, completely unfettered by the dead-weight loss of tax systems, and does nothing but deride the one economic system that dragged the human race out of abject poverty. Not to be too harsh here, but... I've been using "difference tables" (without calling it that) since I was 10 years old. I don't mean this to be bragging at all, because I didn't think (and still don't think) it was at all remarkable. It's just a basic method of analysis. 2+2=5 for sufficiently large values of 2 I actually like to hold on to the idea that the universe is non-deterministic. It keeps the concept of free will alive. "The government has intervened to save many of them, and now, these bailed out banks want to hand out billions in bonuses to their non-performing employees" So presumes the author that the people who are ostensibly receiving "billions" in bonuses are the same people who pushed this over-leveraging scam. All bankers are equal, none managed wisely. "And thus, we lose Berkeley Ph.Ds in nuclear physics to hedge funds and MIT computer scientists capable of delivering computing to 6 billion people to derivative manipulation on Wall Street." So presumes the author that nuclear physics and democratization of computing are more noble pursuits than finance. What he forgets is that mortgage-backed derivatives really did reduce risk for really bad mortgages. This was a phenomenal development, we could get more people into houses while not losing our shirts in the deals. Unfortunately, those same mathematicians weren't the ones employing this great tool that they created. "When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem looks like a nail." It's not that mortgage-backed derivatives were wrong or evil or bad, it's that they were grossly overused. They reduce risk, they don't eliminate it, so when the scenario in which that risk turned to losses came true, the losses were too much to handle. But, few people saw the risk for what it was because the Fed suppressed the price of money to lower-than-market rates, explicitly encouraging this sort of speculation. Price floors lead to shortages, this is a basic tenet of Capitalism. Is it any wonder that the entire nation is over-leveraged? Without the manipulation of the Fed, the price of money (interest rates) would have been much higher and this sort of speculation would not have happened. "Hard to counterfeit" is the key point there. The difference between gold and dollars is that dollars are very, very easy to counterfeit. Just get Congress to order more from the Treasury! Why is writing good code slower than writing bad code? I'd rather write good code once, now, rather than bad code now and good code later. You write like you have a crystal ball and can see the future. There is no telling what "letting the banks fail" will do for the long term. However, we do know that increasing national debt to the degree that has been done is not good. Why should we treat the action of the government differently from the same actions of citizens? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to murder people with no provocation? Wouldn't it be wrong for a government to kidnap people and hold them captive in a secret location? Why then is it fine for the government to debase the currency, and therefore destroy the value of any accounts held in that currency? This is the current global strategy to the debt crisis: inflate it away. If we (we being the government and central banks as a colluding entity) inflate the dollar 100:1, then the "toxic" debts are only 1% as bad as they were before. And we get to keep the houses we evicted everyone from, and sell it back for the new, inflated valuation. I never made that valuation, you made it for me. I said that the author implied finance was a lesser career choice than nuclear physics, then provided an example where statistical analysis can be used in finance to provide a social good. Not all bad-credit people are bums looking to default on their loans, skirting the credit collectors as long as they can, living on the underbelly of society. But people who were hit hard by a disaster, made a few mistakes in the past, or are just getting started out are lumped in with the deadbeats. Unfortunately, there is no way to tell them apart, based on financial numbers. By minimizing risk in dealing with these types of loans, the people who are legitimately trying to improve their lives are given an avenue to show they are responsible enough to own a home. There is still risk involved, but the construct is not inherently deceiving about its risk level. The problem was over-leveraging on this type of activity. Even over-leveraging on mutual funds and money market funds can make you lose your shirt. "an accounting trick to statistically suppress risk" Mortgage-backed securities as a construct unto themselves are no more an "accounting trick" anymore than accident, life, or health insurance policies are "account tricks". Regardless, "risk" is nothing but a probability factor anyway. Risk is the probability of losing money on an investment, not the certainty of it. To organize assets together in vehicles that allow the earnings of the winners offset the losses of the losers, you're not performing accounting legerdemain, you are reducing actual risk. "That is what commodity-based money gives you. Whoever produces or purchases that commodity has an effect on the money supply." But in that sense, nothing has changed for fiat currency. Fiat currencies are still produced and purchased just like commodities, with the exception that governments can produce all they want to get a leg up on that game. That's what they use monetary inflation for, to cheat at currency trading and bonds games. My point is that nobody should be "in charge" of a currency. Currencies came about through consensus in the market, not through government mandate. Nobody has the right to be the final arbiter of all "dollars" any more than anyone has the right to be the final arbiter of "time" (the only truly important resource) or "air and water" (the first truly vital resources). Monopolies are not good, especially monopolies that come about through force, which is as governments are. In a society that is claims to be free and equitable, having a super-citizen government is not equitable. A single, mandated currency is a borderline oppressive idea. There are laws against "undermining the ubiquity and stability of the dollar". They're used against people who want to mint their own coins of their own design and use them in transactions with people willing to accept them. If people want to use something other than dollars for transactions, then more power to them. Hell, publicly traded corporations already do it, often using their own stock holdings as a medium of trade for merger deals and such. When you look at the plethora of trading (I mean this in the generic sense, not the Wall Street sense) options available to anyone with enough wealth, I think it starts to become clear that financial and monetary laws and regulations are really only meant for the working classes. It's not that far off from other products offered by Logitech http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/mice_pointers/mice/devices... here's a 15 button mouse built for World of Warcraft http://campaign.steelseries.com/us/ Doesn't everyone know this already anyway? Windows wasn't the first operating system. Firefox wasn't the first browser, neither was Internet Explorer. Google wasn't the first search engine. Apple didn't make the first MP3 player or smart phone. Facebook wasn't the first social networking site. Wikipedia wasn't the first online encyclopedia. If you think you need to be first-to-market, then you know what you haven't isn't that great and you're just banking on novelty. "Build a better mousetrap" blah blah blah. I think projects like Clojure are showing that the Java platform isn't necessarily about the Java language anymore, that the runtime and the class library can be used to great effect while getting passed Sun's unwillingness to evolve the language. When was the last time Sun updated the bytecode format? I seem to remember it has been quite a while, like 1.3. I don't know, I haven't been steeped in Java for the last 3 years. Can you imagine someone 2 millennia from now finding Amelia Earhart? Will they even know who she was? Will they be able to figure out the purpose of the machinery around her, or will they be so far removed from the age of mechanical, piloted flight that they will have no context to understand what it is? Will there be enough left to determine that it was an airplane? Will they even believe we had the power of flight, before we ever had computers, scoffing, "how could they have flown? Such primitive people could never have managed all of the equations necessary for flight in their heads in real time." But they do nothing but market the iPod Touch, which is nothing more than a crippled iPhone, as a hand-held gaming device. Big ol' Whiskey Tango Foxtrot on that one. That's assuming our records survive. I'm not entirely sure they will, especially with the push to digitize records. The great thing about analog storage, especially text on paper, is that it is at least partially recoverable after being damaged. A library full of books that have been sitting at the bottom of a newly formed sea for 1000 years has at least a little information in it that can be saved. A stack of foil-backed disks, magnetic tape, or magnetic disks that have done the same? Is the information density too high for there to be enough error correction? Also consider, will future generations even be able to figure out how to read our digital formats? What if 1000 years from now, data is stored in a completely different way than we have currently ever imagined, and has been stored that way for so long that nobody remembers digital storage? Will a future person look at a DVD and know they need to bounce a laser beam off of it to be able to read it? Will they know that it has tracks of pitting patterns that need to be transliterated into bit patterns that then need to be decoded into semantic data? Will they know that CDs are different from DVDs are different from Bluray? At least with text-on-paper, you can immediately see with the bare eyes that something is there, and the only task left is the decoding to semantic data. Even if we can make sure we are storing our data properly, we store so much more data now, will they be able to find anything of interest within the deluge? I get so many emails in a single day that I can't find important emails from as little as 3 days ago, I absolutely depend on search in order to get to them. Not only that, but how will future people differentiate between the important historical data--who did what and when--from the mundane logging information? Well, they aren't stupid for this reason . I'm just saying that it doesn't compute that "Apple hates gaming". They are pushing gaming rather much harder than any other smartphone platform right now. Humans tend to assume that their experiences are normative, and are surprised to see instances where their experiences are not shared. As a personal example, my friends are usually significantly shocked to learn I haven't seen the movie "The Boondock Saints". Yet they think nothing of the fact that they haven't seen Salvador Dali's "Un Chien Andalou", which I have. Our values are informed by our experiences, so we also tend to assume our values are shared by others. Assuming one's values are normative leads to assuming that the fact they aren't reflected in the world must be the result of some external entity, a secret society, or this nebulous "the system". Instead, if one assumes that one's views aren't normative, then it is clear why one's views are not reflected in the world in aggregate: it's a simple tautology. Occam's Razor applies. "The system" is not an entity unto itself, it is intractable from the people within it, it is nothing more than the people within it. The "invisible hand of the market" is merely a short-hand, anthropomorphizing term for "the aggregate activity of the people within the poorly defined borders of 'the market'." If something isn't a particular way, it's because "most people" demonstrably do NOT concede your point, or if they do, do not assign such great importance to it as to warrant change. I don't like that elderly care personnel are paid less than middle managers either, but I'm not suggesting to force everyone else to make that valuation. When you say, "we as a society have to find a way...", and if you are suggesting that way be via government intervention, then really you're saying, "I want to force everyone else in society to pay for my way..." (undemocratic, even totalitarian). Then we have to write a new tax code to pay for it, and we get this situation here in the OP. If instead you are suggesting that you will live by example and proselytize to your fellow man to do the same, then really you're using "the invisible hand of the market" to enact the change you desire. Correct. There are any number of things that a person can do . The problem is, what are things that one can do that are effective, as well as avoiding trampling on other liberties in the process? The "use government" route is fraught with moral hazard and unintended consequences. It appears it was round about the time of JRE1.5. Actually, that was the last major runtime update, that doesn't mean the bytecode format changed, though obviously how the runtime reacts to the bytecode is a significant consideration when developing a new language. Anyway, it doesn't seem like the JRE is a largely moving target. I wear a kilt on occasion. I wore it to work one day. Technically, I was compliant with the dress code, as there was no mention of sex anywhere in the dress code document. So it's the victim's fault for dressing like a woman? I'm sure rape victims are at fault for dressing so provocatively, too? I also believe that the failings of the group are always the failings of the leadership. If bullying is rampant in a school, it's because the school administration doesn't do enough to punish bullying. By banning cross-dressing, they only reinforce the bully's belief system. Hey, thanks for putting the word "porn" directly in the URL itself. I'm sure the company content filters are going to love that. In order for bullying to stop, the environment must be absolutely toxic to them. If they tease someone for how they dress, the only solution is to encourage that sort of dress in all of the students, as a show of solidarity against the bully. By banning it, you only validate the bully's world view, showing him or her that their "heart was in the right place," but that their methods were lacking. "Don't use violence, use regulation!" "it seems to me" that "many" is a word used by people who have no evidence to back their claims. it would definitely need a "hammer_time" command. you can't copyright single words. I see a whole lot of programming and absolutely no functional, technical, or graphic design. This isn't "learning how to create web applications", this is "learning how to be the last team member on a web application project." This is a problem that I have with the current state of "software developer" programs at most of today's universities, be they Computer Science or Software Engineering degrees. They give the student the impression that they actually know the subject by the time they graduate when they've really only taught the easiest, smallest part--the programming, and usually rather poorly. Most graduating computer science students are going to go into a software development position, probably web development, so it is good that Stanford is at least introducing students to the, erhm, "unique" challenges that crop up in web dev. But they're missing some of the most important lessons, like what a project life cycle looks like, why the principles of security must be the 1st consideration, not the last (how many times do people make a thumbnail project with no auth or permission mgmt and then graft it in after?), how to design a non-trivial database, how to make pages that look somewhat decent (and no, it doesn't take an artist, you can easily do a site survey and just ape the current trends, something any copy-pasta programmer should be able to do), how to approach a project as more than just a seat-of-the-pants hacker. Some programs touch on all of this stuff, but they never inculcate them as essential elements, they are all presented as tertiary to programming. The number of new hires (all but one, and that kid actually turned out to be a college dropout. Unfortunately the company got rid of him even though he knew his stuff because he lied about having a 4 year degree) that I've had to teach what a prepared statement was has been really rather ludicrous. In a basic CRUD web app, there should be no reason to be building string-based queries, ever . I don't think you should feel guilty. This is the nature of our work. There are days where you "feel" it and days where you don't. There are days when there is a lot to do and there are days when you're in a holding pattern to see what's happening with something. At least here in Pennsylvania, the state labor board actually recognizes this fact and has classified software development professionals as "salaried, exempt" status, meaning there is an expectation of huge variation in hours worked, sometimes plus, sometimes minus. Unfortunately, most employers just use it as an excuse to force employees to work constant plus with no overtime pay. acta non verba GMail Beta started out invite-only, and was that way for quite a while, thought by the time I got into it, I didn't have any friends who needed an invite. From the teachers I know, and I went to a university that is traditionally a teaching school, they don't use their minds much at all. Most teachers aren't dedicated to the job, they're just looking for a job. They show up, punch the clock, zombie their way through the day, go home at the end of the day, and repeat the next day. Not really an excuse. Layers of abstraction are all about hiding difficulties with using APIs. If PHPs API for accessing prepared statements is cumbersome, then write a wrapper around it that solves the problem once. Hell, I even did it for ADO.NET. ADO.NET is not that hard to use, but a surprising number of developers get a lot of the details wrong, such as when to open and close a connection (i.e. NOT once for every query) and when to dispose objects (at least at some point in the object's lifetime, please!). So, I wrote an ADO.NET wrapper that handles all of that stuff, providing an incredibly thin, simplistic interface. It's been very useful to me, and hopefully other people can find it useful, http://sqlsiphon.codeplex.com Yeah, HTML scraping ESPN.com is not very hard. I did it for college basketball once in a strange sort of database that attempted to predict March Madness brackets. It worked really well for teams that had encountered each other during the season... except only 2 or 3 pairs of teams had ever played each other during the regular season. Works much better on NBA and NFL games, where there are far fewer teams, they see each other more often, and the rosters are a little more static. An semantic equivalent to an "#include" or "using" statement that looked for the library on a central repository instead the local disk, automatically managing caching and versioning. Yeah, but I prefer real solutions, regardless of how ugly they are, rather than wishful thinking for so-called "elegant" solutions. only 5, huh? Uhm, YouTube being big before adult websites adopting flash video isn't really true. And HD-DVD failed because Bluray offered porn and video games. how is this different from a flat-twin? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flat-twin "just do." I know that sounds rather cliche, but it's something that I've found a lot of beginners are missing. They spend a lot of time trying to find the "best" way to do something before they start doing it. Really, just do something. You'll learn from the experience either way. You'll probably learn more than if you had found the maximal solution first. I probably learned more about programming by hacking together a simple role playing game in Javascript+DOM in 2001 than my next 3 years of college and 5 years of work. That 8 year old code still worked up to the point GeoCities died, and then it was gone permanently. Not a big loss, but it was nice to see that it survived a myriad of browser updates. I learned tons about what made good, readable code just from having to live with it. I learned a lot of the art of optimization because of how much Javascript sucked at the time. But more importantly, I learned that it was more important to get-it-done than to be working in what was popular (you would not believe the flack I caught for not using C for it, even though I was also learning C as well and just wanted to do something in Javascript). I don't think such things existed at the time. At any rate, the code was 100% new and performed no browser checking, but still worked exactly the same on all browsers. It took me a month to do what I could do in a day now, but it was a great learning experience. I've started a new project recently, maybe about 10 hours of work into it, that is a chess game, 100% new Javascript, so far 100% cross browser compatible (with no features planned that would break that), with no browser checking. It's actually not that hard if you're smart about your debugging (don't use alerts, use try/catch and write out to a div). What is "correct" but "sufficient for the needs of the task"? If your method is not sufficient for a future need, you will only discover that by doing more . Well, considering the article is from 1999 (hell, I didn't know FlipCode was still even around these days), "back in the day" scripting game engines was an emerging idea. It was a very rare project that talked about scripting, in most cases they were completely custom scripting languages, and often not Turing complete. Lua gained popularity, but it was slow, the game industry suffers from a lot of NIH. I tell people I'm a mad scientist. I never noticed a speed issue with TinyURL, so their third point is pretty silly to me. Also, add a 4th point, "Self-Serving: if the target page has moved, we get a chance to serve you a redirect with our ads on it". They wouldn't have any way to know for certain if you could get to it, but they would be able to tell for certain if you couldn't get to it, because they can't get to it from anywhere on their worldwide network. Something is better than nothing. Actually, the current understanding is that the drones were hacked by insurgents specifically funded by the Iranians, so... I don't even like the idea of microblogging, so to me this is about as big of news as hearing that the IRA managed to bomb a backyard chicken coop. ed: didn't mean hacked, I know it was just a matter of listening to the data feed, not actually doing anything to the drone. Well, #iranelection was the #1 most popular news topic on Twitter in 2009, according to their blog ( http://blog.twitter.com/search/label/2009 ), so there is an actual motive available. That's kind of sad. You can't call people? You can't email them? well, he mentions hating OO languages because it makes it hard for him to program in a style similar to C. That's a bit like saying you hate hate hammers because they don't work with screws very well. The point still remains that he arrived to this conclusion by misusing his tools. The problems of inheritance are not a universally recognized truth. There are plenty of OO advocates who believe that inheritance is perfectly fine. Maybe the issue with inheritance in OO languages is people misusing their language.