Check the mailing list - it's been made to build with MSVC2008 and the ATI Stream SDK beta that includes a CPU-only implementation of OpenCL. Presumably, it wouldn't matter which side of the acoustic tiles the neutrino detectors are on. They could really even be on the inside of the hull. The only requirement is to have a large total surface area for the detectors. What I wonder about is interference from the onboard nuclear reactors. Does anybody know how much in the way of neutrinos a typical naval reactor produces? Wikipedia indicates that reactors are typically big producers of anti-neutrinos. I think it serves a very real need: discipline. By making it the most basic wave feature, they're committing to making sure that the system can always handle a constant stream of realtime updates from every user. If anybody breaks it or introduces a performance regression, everybody will notice. It also means that people writing robots and extensions can assume that they can deal with updates in realtime, on such a fine grained level. If extension writers had to worry that per-character updates might introduce too much overhead, it would hamper their creativity. Graph theory is conspicuously absent from the list. Is that considered computer science these days, or does the author not think it is particularly important for programmers? Wow. That's really out of date. Trying to use that guide these days will do more harm than good. I've suffered through the "have the smart kids help teach the dumb kids" thing in American schools. I've come to the conclusion that it is too easy to screw up to be a workable large-scale policy. In my classes, it degenerated to the point where my assignments were no better than busy work, and I had nothing more to learn from picking up the teacher's slack by tutoring other students. (Teaching can be a great way to learn, but it can only get you so far.) In the end, I dealt with the problem by leaving the public school system entirely, so that it wouldn't get in the way of me learning new things. In order for an educational environment to be stimulating for a gifted student, there has to be a critical mass of people who can learn and converse on the level of the gifted student. One teacher with other students to tend to is woefully inadequate. Having two or three other gifted students in your class still isn't enough. In my experience, there has to be a cohort of at least 6-8 gifted students before ideas begin to flow and an actual academic community forms. Once your group is that big, there really have to be at least some dedicated lectures that progress at their pace or at a greater depth than for the general student population, and the coursework needs to be adjusted accordingly. It isn't necessary to completely segregate school populations, but there is ample evidence that for certain subjects (most notably, math), the difference in ability is too great to be handled by a single class without leaving behind a significant portion of the students. Their averages are nice, but they say nothing about how their system works for the students who can perform above average in their sleep. Unless you've got evidence to the contrary, I assume that the Finnish method isn't magically successful, and it looks good on paper at the expense of not enabling the best and brightest to reach their full potential. Given what the Wikipedia article says about the obstacles to establishing alternative schools, I'd say that being a highly gifted student in Finland is likely to be quite frustrating. Peer tutoring can be great when the issue is a mismatch of learning styles, which is inevitably common when the student:teacher ratio is high. But that doesn't really have anything to do with gifted students. It works well for pretty much any population. On the other hand, peer tutoring is not a good way to make up for differences in raw intelligence, and asking a gifted student to help a student that really needs a remedial class is insulting to both students. Useful page titles are absolutely crucial to tabbed browsing. For example, all the page titles here start with the string "Hacker News | ", which is completely redundant given the favicon, and could just as well go at the end of the title. As things stand now, my tabs seldom show more than the first three or four characters of the actual article title. So? There's a selection bias in who attempts to qualify for gifted programs, and the quoted percentiles are relative to the general population. These kinds of tests aren't re-normed with every administration. The magnitude of this selection bias doesn't seem at all surprising. You've just given the most concise and accurate description of my fourth grade year I've ever heard. Unsurprisingly, leaving the public schools after sixth grade was the best thing to happen in the development of my social skills. They've said it's the best iMac display yet, and I doubt they could claim that the LED backlighting more than makes up for any deficiencies of E-IPS compared to the S-IPS they used to use. You can get an ITIN without being a citizen or resident of the US, it's just seldom necessary. The most common reason seems to be foreign nationals with American investments that are taxed by the IRS. Apple isn't turning the AppleTV into a Tivo killer because they don't want to kill Tivo by supplanting it. They want to kill Tivo by suffocating it - destroying the market that Tivo competes in by supplanting the products that Tivo complements. Apple wants cable TV to die, and be replaced by on-demand video over the Internet (obviously, there preference of provider is iTunes). To some extent, this is inevitable: coax bandwidth is more valuable to cable providers when it is used for high-speed internet than for channels that are seldom watched. Given sufficient competitive pressures, cable providers will allocate less and less bandwidth to QAM and more to DOCSIS. Most likely, they will end up with relatively few channels provided over QAM, and all optional and premium content provided on-demand over IP. At this point, if Net Neutrality is in effect, Apple will be able to easily compete against and dominate the market for premium channels, because no cable company is going to come up with a solution that sucks less than whatever Apple has at the time. The complete death of traditional cable TV could follow if basic cable content can be made available over the internet without too much trouble for Apple or consumers. In other words, the Apple TV is stagnant because the market it is intended for isn't big enough yet. Apple is taking the time to refine it as a low-priority project so that they will be ready to make the the killer product as soon as the market is ready. We most certainly do know how to teach problem solving. I do it all the time in my Boy Scout troop. Of course, exactly none of the methods I use would work in the context of a school classroom, but that's as much a critique of our schooling methods as it is of my teaching methods. If people only down-vote fairly (ie. to suppress a comment that contains a factual error that has been explained by another comment) then the net effect of allowing down-votes is to give users relatively more influence over the ranking of posts. The issue of whether to allow down-votes ultimately is a trade-off between stronger and faster filtering of comments, and fewer opportunities for abuse. My general understanding is that the last person to be well-versed in basically all of mathematics was Euler. When he got through with it, the field was too broad for any mortal to obtain a working knowledge of most of it. It seems that now, given the above, hardly anybody tries to broaden their horizons after a certain point in their career. (It feels like every course I take these days, I end up making a connection between a topic and another branch of math or computer science, but my instructor doesn't know enough about the other field to appreciate what I bring up.) While I don't think the problem is quite as severe as Zeilberger claims, I do feel like conference talks should strive to be more accessible to specialists of other fields and to students. Particularly for a conference like the Joint Mathematics Meetings, it would be cool if speakers prepared their talks to be more like TED talks: just technical enough to make sure that the audience can understand the really interesting aspect of the research. More importantly, http://launchd.macosforge.org/ Because every version of FF is more standards-compliant than IE6. This is an important milestone in the adoption of web standards. Really? It seems to me that half of those items are the exact opposite of what worked well for Apple, and many of the things from the list that Apple tried didn't work out so well (eg. 63, about embracing Java). I think Apple's formula for success over the past decade boils down to three key elements: 1. Throwing out all the old hardware and software designs 2. Taking NeXTSTEP mainstream 3. Jonathan Ive Number 1 in my list was only weakly expressed by the Wired list, number 2 was said in some ways, but there were also some conflicting suggestions, and number 3 was completely unanticipated, despite being by far the most important factor. I was being a bit facetious in listing just Ive, but I don't think it's a stretch to say that his industrial design department has been that important to Apple's success. Most notably, the iPod is almost certainly the product that gave Apple the financial stability to develop OS X into what it is today, and to undertake the Intel transition that enabled them to take over the high-end computer market. If the iPod had been only slightly better than the other mp3 players of the time, Apple probably wouldn't have been able to make much profit off it or the iTunes Media Store. I think since Interface Builder had been around for many years by the time the article was written, we can write this one off as author ignorance rather than give him the benefit of the doubt. I think you're confusing the circumstances of the introduction of the iPod and the iPhone. I certainly agree with you that the iPhone's success is only minimally related to industrial design, and mostly due to a well-designed operating system and ecosystem. The iPod, on the other hand, was on the market for a year and a half before the iTunes store opened. Its competitors were the likes of the Creative NOMAD players, which were very much clunky, some even in comparison to portable CD players. The iPod software certainly wasn't revolutionary. It was the physical interface, centered around the clickwheel and far simpler than the competition that was so groundbreaking. As slashdot so famously and bluntly put it, the iPod was downright lame in most other respects. Aren't there enough objectively bad things about Flash to justify summarizing it as "evil"? It does so many bad things to a web site's accessibility, usability, download size, security, and performance that anybody with a genuine interest in making the web a better place should be encouraging migration to the open standards based alternatives. Now that HTML5 features are available, it seems that the only significant things Flash has going for it are a large install base and a decent authoring tool. Fundamental language bugs (ambiguity, etc.) can be fixed. Security bugs will almost certainly be the result of something in the standard library, which has not been frozen. What kind of math department were you at? It may be due to the slight applied-leaning nature of my department, but the top professors earn six-figure salaries, and the assistant department head that I do research with drives a very nice, new BMW SUV. Still, your friend's point about his lifestyle is important. Teachers at any level are seldom paid well, but the work environment and schedule often make up for it, so long as you still enjoy teaching. Just consider how in the business world, the concept of a sabbatical is often quite foreign. Just because grad schools don't currently engender generalists doesn't mean that they are a bad thing or less important. It's just harder to measure how accomplished and brilliant a generalist is than it is to measure the contribution of a researcher that has made significant progress in a specific area. Generalism is only really well rewarded when it produces an unexpected solution to or progress toward a solution of an open problem. My impression is that professors get to work with industry on their terms: they only collaborate for specific projects that are of interest to them, and they do it in a non-corporate environment, with students to do most of the dirty work. I had my home number linked to my account, but then a third person in the household got a GV number and linked it to our home phone. This caused my account to drop my landline as a forwarding number, but it still works fine with the Gizmo number. So, would you argue in favor of a constitutional amendment? Because as far as the US Constitution is concerned, the innovation is the only thing that matters. Since an amendment is clearly not what's under debate here, what do you think would be the most appropriate resolution for this case, within the constraints of the current constitution? I don't think you could sail "upwind" using just a solar sail, but you could use the sail to reduce your angular momentum about the star and then let gravity pull you back toward the sun. Any ruling striking down the Bilski patent without placing new limits on software patents would be ineffectual, wouldn't it? Breyer alluded to business method patents filed in the form of "Do X, with/on a computer", but if those and purely mathematical software patents are made clearly invalid, then that would take care of most of the problematic software patents. This flu still kills some people. And even for those people who don't suffer serious complications, they are still sick for a few days. If there's no vaccination and the strain becomes epidemic, then you can expect to see at least a 1% drop in GDP solely due to everybody having to miss out on three or four days of work. Chipotle's meats (particularly the steak) can be quite bad at times, but the rest of their stuff is pretty good, and their chips are great. I haven't been to a Taco Bell since a Chipotle opened up in my neighborhood, despite the Taco Bell being quite a bit cheaper and only two blocks further away. Since this is using mini DisplayPort connectors, it will have the same problem that the RadeonHD 5000 series have for 3-way Eyefinity setups: if your monitors don't have DisplayPort connectors, you'll need an active adapter to convert to a DVI port, and those run about $100 each. I really doubt that the market for this card will be very big, given that ATI's Eyefinity is capable of driving 6 displays with more advanced drivers, and at a much lower cost. The risk isn't that somebody else could patent the technology. The risk is that somebody else already has a patent that could be applied to your technology. If you can get a patent for your technology, that makes it much harder for somebody to stretch their patent to cover your technology, because the presumption of competence on the part of the USPTO leads to the conclusion that the two patents cover different things. Go for an HP graphing calculator, then. ARM processor, SD slot, far more powerful programming tools, especially the built-in ones. TI's have BASIC on the calculator, but HPs have an interpreted language, a compiled systems programming language, and an assembler and disassembler all in ROM. And you can run a C cross-compiler on your laptop. It's nowhere near as powerful as a PDA, but it has a great keyboard (for math, at least) and runs off AAs. The $99 adapter is necessary for dual-link DVI, which is necessary to drive a monitor that is over 1920x1200. I don't really know whether people using 8 monitors are typically using high-resolution monitors, or indeed whether the card in question can actually drive several high-resolution monitors, but the necessity of a more expensive adapter has already pissed off many gamers trying for a 3-way eyefinity setup. To my knowledge, Apple hasn't submitted Blocks to any standards body, but that doesn't mean that they don't want it adopted by other systems. They've open-sourced libdispatch, which is most useful with Blocks, and it's been picked up for FreeBSD. Unfortunately, Blocks conflicts with the C++0x proposal for lambdas, which itself conflicts with the Objective-C message notation. However, it seems likely that there will soon (on the timescale of language standardization) be reconciliation and a standard notation for lambdas and closures for C and friends. Libdispatch will almost certainly be compatible with that notation, and be available on most *nix systems that are likely to adopt things like C++0x relatively quickly. In light of that, one could see Blocks as Apple wanting to ensure that at least one closures-for-C implementation starts getting real-world exposure, much as OpenCL was their way of ensuring that there is at least one vendor-neutral GPGPU API, even if it isn't the best possible. If their methods do end up becoming de facto standards , Apple could gain a lot by being the preferred and most mature implementation. If not, there's no real harm to Apple, because their platform is already "different". I don't think what you describe is really accurate for Apple in recent years. For starters, their laptops are objectively the best laptops that are actually portable. Apple has really only been excessively proprietary in a few instances, most notably with the App Store where they are acting out of the fear that an unfiltered marketplace could hurt their platform. (In this respect, they are very much like game console manufacturers.) However, most of their other oddities, including Firewire, AAC, Objective-C, GCD, launchd, and miniDisplayPort are at least as open as their primary competitors. The rest of what you perceive as being too proprietary is probably a combination of Apple's willingness to be different and their refusal to compete in many low-end low-margin markets. I'm typing this on a MacBook Pro running Vista x64. It's a MBP because those are really powerful machines, but still have great battery life and are very compact and portable. It's running Vista x64 because I'm doing scientific computation that involves Windows-only software (mainly SolidWorks). It feels weird and a bit dirty, but I'm pretty sure there isn't another mobile hardware platform that can meet my needs as well as the MBP. I still boot into OS X when I'm doing something like watching a movie or if I'm "off the clock" and doing personal stuff with the machine. It constantly reminds me of just how big a difference there is between Windows and OS X in terms of everyday usability. NeXTSTEP wasn't based off the Linux kernel, and I think even if it had been GPL'd, it probably wouldn't have ended up that the Linux port was the preferred way to run it. Consider that OPENSTEP/Mach was contemporaneous with Red Hat Linux 4 and kernel 2.0. Everybody in the market for a desktop Linux distribution at the time would have jumped ship. If anything, the Mach 2.5 microkernel would have been stripped out in favor of a pure FreeBSD system, which would probably have resulted in Linux having the same also-ran status that the BSDs have now. It's also surprising when you realize how rarely that assumption holds true. Far too many applications ship several versions without ever getting rid of the features that should never have been there in the first place. It's a testament to Google's reputation for quality (and long betas) that we feel we can safely assume that the marginal features will be removed or improved in a timely fashion. He wrote GMail. It's very common for humans to have a strong enough emotional investment and attachment to the fruits of their labor that they act irrationally in manners involving that creation. Seeing GMail get abandoned by users would be psychologically very similar to (though probably far less severe than) the pain of seeing your child spurned by his peers. Wave seems to afford multiple interaction conventions, but unlike with email (where we know the pros and cons of top-posting, for example), it isn't obvious what way works best, and for what situations. It seems unlikely that we'll know anytime soon, either, given that Wave is meant to encompass a wider range of tasks than any of the systems is is typically compared with. Right now, we have the conventions of the linear or hierarchical conversations used by email and web forums, and we have the conventions of the collaboratively annotated and edited documents, but we don't know which to use in the gray areas, because that decision has previously been made by the choice of program. It feels to me like we're driving cars prior to the invention of turn signals, brake lights, stop signs, and demarcated lanes. We have to use trial and error to evolve the rules of the road. Nowhere that I can see do they sell a ~$300 product. They sell "trials" and subscriptions, and hide the full price in fine print. A legit business would at least show a real price tag for the real product. (For example, ads for products with a rebate usually show the after-rebate price in a large font, but the before-rebate price is always adjacent to it, not in a sidebar or at the bottom of the page, and never on a separate page.) What magazines do you subscribe to? All the magazines and newspapers I read sell time-limited (typically annual) subscriptions, and as the year draws to a close they get more and more annoying about asking for a renewal. They are typically advertised along the lines of "10 issues for $60", and that's what they bill you for. Consumers generally only tolerate opt-out billing for ongoing services that aren't delivered in discrete units: things like electricity, water, cable TV, and WoW. A library of n videos is, on the other hand, simply n items. I've recently become a fan of the Black Diamond Apollo LED lanterns for camping use. They're only 3W, and the total light emitted isn't as high as from some of the competitors, but what makes them great is that the mirrors and lenses are shaped perfectly so that it evenly illuminates a tabletop-sized work area, and throws no light upwards. The focusing is easily the most important aspect of the product. However, it seems quite plausible that the different spectrum of LEDs could affect the perceived brightness, particularly if you're wanting the diffuse reflection from LED spotlights to act as ambient lighting. NoScript filters that link as a potential XSS attack. I guess it doesn't like brackets in URLs. That could be a problem for Wolfram if the noscript author can't find a safe way to whitelist wolfram alpha links. Mathematica (and thus Wolfram Alpha) is unusual in it's use of brackets to enclose function arguments. Every other computer algebra system I've used has been content with parentheses. And NoScript is pretty much the leading edge for browser security, so if it thinks brackets are dangerous, they probably are and other browsers could follow at any time. Wolfram Alpha's direct use of Mathematica's notation in URLs seems a bit naive, and it wouldn't be the first time Wolfram embarrassingly misunderstood the way the web works. However, with AMD holding a clear lead in the GPU market at the moment, and the GPU market probably being of more concern to regulators than the chipset market, now is probably the easiest time for Intel to buy NVidia. Your comment implies that sunscreen can cause any of several conditions whose causes are actually completely unknown. The excessive use of sunscreen can merely exacerbate those conditions by further reducing vitamin D levels. For those of us who are healthy and drink plenty of milk, wearing sunscreen when we're out in the sun for a long time is a great way to stay healthy. It seems to me that calling it "ink efficiency" is framing it in a way that ignores readability and legibility. The more common term for this is "font weight", which we already knew was independent of the pitch (size). It shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that the more generally readable typefaces are in the middle of the group. What exactly were you trying to accomplish with this post? You haven't particularly enlightened anybody about the relative performance characteristics of OpenCL and CUDA: The graph shown illustrates nearly identical scaling behavior between OpenCL and CUDA, with OpenCL taking consistently about half a second longer, except at the last data point where it takes a full second longer. In other words, all we're really seeing here is initialization overhead, and without seeing the source code we can't know if this is at all a fair test. It may be that the CUDA runtime is performing more compilation work before the clock starts, or that it is caching the compiled kernels. Based solely on the last data point, it looks like there might be a widening performance gap for larger jobs, but you don't include any larger test cases. The longest run times listed are 7 second jobs, so clearly it wouldn't have been that time-consuming to run some larger test cases. You could also easily use a logarithmic scale on the time axis. (And please fix the misleading horizontal axis!) Additionally, you state that your methodology was to run each job 5 times and take the lowest time. As I mentioned above, there could be caching in the runtime or operating system that makes this a poor real-world test. (OpenCL and AFAIK CUDA allows the programmer to keep a compiled form of a kernel in memory, so if a program has to run a kernel many times, you can ensure that you aren't needlessly re-compiling your kernels. CUDA may be doing this automatically.) It would be better to report the average times, or even to just show all of them on the graph and have the lines go through the average times. And to top it off, the test was simply of doing lots of vector addition. A perfect case of a microbenchmark that doesn't provide useful predictions of real-world performance. Addition is so simple that this is at best a test of memory bandwidth, not computational power. It would have been more useful to test something like an FFT if the intent was to measure efficiency at computation. Also, any good benchmark include hardware and software specs. Were these test run on a CPU or a GPU? What driver versions were involved, and in particular, were either implementations beta-releases? The subjective comments seem like they could be worth discussion, but only with some elaboration first. One can presume that any real-world performance differences between CUDA and OpenCL on the same hardware would be due to the relative immaturity of the OpenCL implementation, or a deliberate choice by Nvidia to make OpenCL look bad. However, given that neither system is particularly entrenched, a debate about the design aspects could be very useful. It sounds like OpenCL has a better workflow (with the exception of debugging), but that the actual code is uglier. I'd be very interested to see comparisons of the kernel code in each language, and a separate comparison of the set-up code needed to run those kernels. (Although I'm a fan of Andreas Klöckner's Python bindings, which greatly simplify the set-up code.) My impression of OpenCL's kernel language has been that it seems seems well-designed, so you comment that the kernel code is ugly surprises me. Have I misunderstood CUDA as a low-level framework offering essentially the same kind of access to the hardware? I can't tell yet from what I've read from various sources whether CUDA has an appreciably better design, or whether it is simply benefiting from the biases of people who learned CUDA first and have been using it longer. That could be the case for a densely populated but otherwise open area. However, NYC is a concrete (and metal!) jungle. The only way to guarantee consistent outdoor coverage would be to put a cell at practically every road intersection. At that point, you might as well make a municipal wi-fi network, too. Or instead, since wi-fi hotspots are much cheaper and higher volume products than micro cells. Nope. Checking the vendor string to determine capabilities when the CPUID instruction already has flags for different capabilities is unjustifiable. When a CPU claims SSE2 support, the compiler should enable SSE2, regardless of the vendor string. If AMD's implementation of SSE2 is buggy, that's their problem, and Intel should have no trouble making it into a PR win. This is really no better than printer manufacturers putting chips into their cartridges so that they can use the DMCA to prevent third parties from refilling or making compatible cartridges. Have you actually looked at the details of the AMD errata? I scanned through quite a few, and none of them looked at all relevant to whether a compiler should enable certain SIMD extensions. Also, for the bugs that do need workarounds, the fix is typically in the BIOS or kernel, not the compiler. Regardless of whatever bugs may or may not exist in AMD's chips, it is anti-competitive for Intel's compiler to refuse to enable SSEx extensions on AMD processors that claim compatibility, when the user has requested SSEx instructions to be used, unless Intel has specific knowledge that AMD has never produced a sufficiently bug-free implementation of SSEx. If somebody cuts you off, the radar is guaranteed to have a faster reaction time than you. Most CS undergraduate programs in the US suck enough these days that numerical analysis isn't taught at the undergrad level. For example, at my school, undergraduates get to choose between the automata/grammars/computability class and a "numerical methods" class that is really watered down. There is a two-semester undergraduate numerical analysis class, but as I recall it can't count toward your degree except as a general elective. To get numerical analysis to count as a CS elective, you have to take the graduate level class. Your two questions seem to imply that programming isn't that closely related to mathematics. Programming may not be that important for the math learned in school, but in general math researchers do at least as much programming as computer science researchers. It is interesting to look at what languages get used for what kinds of research, and how it is affected by the researcher's level of computer science education. For example, those doing numerical analysis kind of research tend strongly toward MATLAB, with Python getting a lot of use from those who are relatively well-educated about computer science, and the lower-level languages used by people with extreme performance needs or who haven't learned any of the newer options. On the other hand, I doubt that any of the numerical researchers I work with have even heard of Haskell, and while some may have heard of APL (though definitely not J), none could use it. What kind of stuff do you use C# for? I can only imagine using it for interoperability and GUI code. It would be very easy for flash to use QTKit to just play a video, in the HTML5 kind of way. But it would be quite a bit harder for them to do it in a way that remains compatible with all the different play/pause/volume/seek controls that different video sites have built in to their flash apps, not to mention the advertising schemes. If they weren't smart about how they handle all the compositing, they could probably end up really slowing things down when there are things like custom translucent controls overlayed above the video. Smart games will do this for you. For example, Warcraft 3 initially lets you choose between normal and hard, but if you lose a mission, it unlocks easy mode. This way, nobody will end up playing through the game watered-down unless that is the only way they can make it through. Everybody who turns out to be competent will experience the game as intended, regardless of their initial estimation of their abilities. Apple's strategy is to not burden their users with the mental load of having to make that tradeoff. Can you imagine trying to use this device for a whole workday and having to worry about whether you quit that last app so that the battery will last until your shift's up? For casual multi-tasking, the speed of the flash memory means that well-written apps should be able to save and restore their state pretty quickly even if the operating system does quit the app when the user switches to a new one. More serious multi-tasking (where you would want side-by-side windows and other major UI changes) would definitely reduce battery life and make things much more complex. $10 for an app is a lot better than the $1-3 iPhone apps typically go for, and not too far from the $20-30 that desktop apps tend to go for. I think that Apple's trying to lead by example with their iWork pricing. Certainly some apps will undercut that, but I think the truly innovative apps that really do things that can't be done with an iPhone and would be inconvenient on a desktop will be able to command a $10 price tag. Nobody owes Adobe anything with regards to Flash. It has sucked for so long (especially on OS X), and been bane of the Web in so many ways that one can only applaud Apple's refusal to inflict Flash upon their mobile devices. Flash games simply don't matter that much to many people who are actually in a position to buy an iPad, and none of the other uses of Flash are particularly excusable. (HTML5 is here, and if you were using Flash for fancy effects and navigation elements, your users probably already hate you for it.) The only way such a device could profit in the market would be if it's version of Flash fixed all the performance and battery life problems that are keeping Flash off Apple's mobile devices. If the performance still sucked, then the device could only remain on the market if it was being sold at a loss, which could lead to anti-trust problems for Adobe (forcing their way into the mobile space the same way Microsoft forced their way into the video game console market). If the performance was fixed, then it seems to me that it would be in Adobe's best interest to try to get it on to Apple's mobile devices ASAP lest more open alternatives like HTML5 actually start to catch on. No, they wouldn't be in trouble. The laptop form factor will always have the advantage of a physical keyboard and higher performance or battery life as compared with the iPad form factor. $400 sounds a bit smaller than the expected Apple markup to get those two advantages, which probably indicates how much more miniaturized the iPad components are compared with the MacBook. If you compare the iPad to the MacBook Air, which is similarly miniaturized, you get a $700 disparity, of which about $500 can be attributed to the difference in form-factor and the resulting expectations, and about $200 of which go to performance and storage improvements that aren't consequences of the relaxed size and weight limits. So, you're saying that when a customer says a phrase with unambiguous meaning, it's excusable for an employee to misinterpret it as a similar, but more common phrase simply because they aren't actually listening to the customer? When you're taking orders, your entire job is to listen to what the customer actually says, not what you expect them to say. If you're half asleep and acting on reflex and as a result you screw up, you deserve to get yelled at by the customer and your boss, because you've failed to do your job. I'm quite aware of the psychology research that's been done and discussed here recently regarding cashiers operating on auto-pilot and reflexively asking "You want fries with that?" after a customer orders fries. These kind of mistakes are common, and to be expected. That doesn't change the fact that you're being paid to not make those mistakes, and if you don't have the mental discipline to catch those mistakes, you aren't fit for the job. I think it's mostly the American tendency to inflate controversy, and it's particularly juicy given that Toyota is the biggest car company and the Camry is now basically the All-American Car. Of course, it seems to me that all the controversy is warranted: I subscribe to the theory that the problem is with the software that controls the engine and transmission. This is because of my own experience with a Camry that shifts at the wrong times and has unpredictable acceleration or lack of acceleration. Several months after we bought the car (a 2007) we were able to get a firmware upgrade that improved the performance somewhat, but at the cost of gas mileage. Since the car doesn't perform as well as it should (it's nowhere near as responsive or efficient as our '97 Camry was), it seems like the underlying problems still haven't been fixed. Toyota has offered two other "solutions" for their problems, but neither rings true, and as the LA Times points out, neither can explain all the reported incidents. If Toyota were covering up their inability to find and fix the real problem, this is what it would look like. Here in the US, we've seen a lack of honesty from Toyota that seems very typical of American corporations. Ultimately, what made Java on the iPhone irrelevant was the fact that the App Store was dominated by hobbyists and independent programmers. Java is not a hobbyist's language; it is the language that the non-technical corporate executives tell you to use . Objective-C and Cocoa were a fun enough environment that individuals were willing to learn how to use them in order to cash in on the iPhone App gold rush. The iPad will probably get more attention from corporate software developers, but it will also be getting a lot more attention from the hobbyists who are drooling over the possibilities of the big multitouch screen, and they are the ones who will be creating the truly innovative apps. (Yes, there are now sound technical reasons to use Java in enterprise environments, but that's only because Sun's marketing got it into the corporations in the first place. Java was originally intended for embedded systems, and later for web browsers. It's completely failed on both platforms.) The lack of a fallback does seem to be the biggest issue. On the iPhone, it doesn't really matter, since none of the flash-based UIs would be usable on it anyways, so a separate version would still need to be developed. The iPad can afford somewhat PC-like interaction, so sites like Hulu could work if there was a flash plugin. What reassures me that Flash is on it's way down is the way web technologies have advanced and been adopted despite IE's dominance and Microsoft's reluctance to properly implement CSS and other newer web features. When Firefox hit the scene, IE was far more dominant than Flash is now, and yet it managed to fight its way into the mainstream. Web sites are now written to follow the standards everywhere that it's convenient, and CSS and JS hacks are used to make it work in IE. Sure, iPad users won't be as forgiving of broken sites as Firefox early adopters were, but their collective voice will be far more influential than the small band of rebels that broke the IE monopoly. It feels to me that the problem isn't so much the the total cognitive load/friction of a user interface, but the kind of thinking an interface demands. In order for an interface composed of high-level abstractions to be something that we can tinker with, it has to be a system that follows logical rules that can be easily inferred, and those rules have to be Turing-complete. Once you have formed an accurate mental model of the software, you can use it very efficiently with a low cognitive load. But ordinary, everyday people don't want to infer how a system works. They don't want to think scientifically, and they won't invest any effort in building a mental model of how the device really works. Instead, they want the device to conform to the mental model they cobble together on the fly - logical consistency be damned. They have no curiosity to learn how to fully use the tool (or else what little curiosity they have is overwhelmed by the frustrations of the software violating their expectations). If they did, they would be programmers, because anybody who understands how computers work will end up using that knowledge to make it do something new. (The power and possibilities of a programmable machine are irresistible to anybody who actually comprehends it, but first you have to overcome the initial task of understanding how the machine computes. And to continue as a programmer, you have to tolerate the frustrations of the leaky abstractions.) If you want a user interface that can be used without any scientific thinking, you have to restrict it to a finite set of capabilities so that you can anticipate what the user will try to do. But at that point it is no longer really a computer: it's a shiny toolbox. You can't make new tools with it; you have to buy them at the App Store. The problem of users being unwilling to think analytically isn't one that Apple can overcome. I doubt that any for-profit corporation can do anything about it, because it is a broad cultural and generational problem. Computers haven't been around long enough for us to know how well the general population will eventually adapt to using them, but it's a sure thing that without true AI, people have to adapt their ways of thinking in order to use the full power of computers. Until then, people will keep wondering why we programmers can't manage to give their Photoshop an "enhance" button that works like the ones they see on TV. Once you add in the multitouch, accelerometer, and processors powerful enough to smoothly present the UI at the higher resolution, you don't have enough left in your budget (or the physical enclosure!) for a battery big enough make the device not suck. Instead of compromising on battery life, Apple chose to simplify the device down to something that $500 of hardware can actually do for 10 hours. There is solace in the fact that we can build really powerful tools like web browsers with social networking apps or CAD programs and normal people can use them if we design them well enough. But Turing-completeness hasn't gone mainstream, and it doesn't look like it will anytime soon. So that leaves us hoping for a breakthrough in AI, because that's what it will take for a computer to be able to always understand the user's intentions. I'm still wondering when Apple will get around to buying Wacom. They bought FingerWorks to get the best multi-touch technology, but I don't think that multitouch will be quite enough to accommodate the full range of capabilities we geeks want from our tablets. The combination of pen input and multitouch offered by Wacom's Bamboo and apparently Axiotron's upcoming Modbook Pro is, however, enough for general purpose computing. (Command lines and programming are still hard with pen input because nobody has made a pen input system that is optimized for all the strange punctuation.) I know that people always have a mental model of how something works. But it's rare that somebody actually stops to consider whether their mental model is accurate or logically consistent, and unless they do, it is neither. If your mental model of a piece of software is self-contradicting, then it obviously can't reliably tell you how to use the software. There's a lot you can do in designing a user interface to try to make sure that the user develops an accurate mental model, but it gets harder as the software gets more complex and more powerful. A car's controls are a pretty good abstraction of it's drivetrain, but most of the complexity of a car exists for the sake of efficiency and increased power, and it's a physical, observable system anyways. I think that once a piece of software becomes Turing-complete, it is impossible for user interface affordances to lead a lazy user toward an accurate mental model. After all, to program, you have to be developing a mental model of what you're creating, within the context of the programming environment . That's two mental models that both have to be accurate, and one of those can't be anticipated at all by the user interface designer. Programming is inherently harder than almost any other thing we do with computers. If a piece of software is Turing complete (and thus subject to tinkering), then the mindlessly-easy-to-use subset of it's capabilities can't be Turing complete. Do a search on the web for "zero tolerance" policies in schools. Read a few of the horror stories, and you will no longer doubt our ability to blow things out of proportion. That blog post doesn't make it clear that Weave is also good for syncing between computers. I've been using it for months to sync between my desktop and my two laptops, where each laptop is running two operating systems. For me, the coolest thing about it is that the history syncing means that the suggestions as I'm typing in a URL are the same on all the machines, so that when I type 's', slashdot and stackoverflow are the first two. Bookmark syncing is also nice because NoScript can store it's rules in a bookmark, so I will only have to whitelist any site once. Schools almost never have that power, but zero-tolerance policies typically mean that police officers are brought in to deal with almost any situation. Once police officers are handling what ought to be simple disciplinary action, it's easy for a student to get charged with something like assaulting a teacher, and then it's almost certain that social services will be involved, and they can take kids away from their parents. This whole process could be triggered by a small child throwing a pencil, and if none of the bureaucrats speak up on behalf of common sense, things can quickly escalate until there are serious investigations into whether the child needs to be removed from the home. Apple doesn't care whether the technology is open, so long as nobody else has sole control. Supporting open web standards is the only way Apple can provide a decent web experience without constantly playing catch-up to whatever Microsoft implements in IE. Creating OpenCL as an open standard was the only way they could provide GPU computing that wasn't totally controlled by NVidia, but would still get support from GPU vendors. Unlike Microsoft, Apple doesn't have the resources to maintain their own proprietary GPU computing language. Killing Flash is the only way Apple can give their users access to dynamic web content with good performance, because Adobe clearly doesn't have the motivation to do it for them. libdispatch is Apple's way of trying to make multithreaded programming easier, and open-sourcing it is the only way that it will become popular enough for most programmers to bother to learn it. Apple wants third-party software on their systems to be multithreaded so that it won't make their system seem slow. Similar things can be said about some of their other open-source projects, like launchd. Overall, it feels like open-source is one of Apple's tools for avoiding the influence of monopolies. When Apple weakens existing monopolies or prevents the formation of new ones, it has the side effect of helping all the other little guys, too. Any sentence containing the word "Mensa" is arrogant. Where do you think Apple is doing an "embrace, extend, extinguish"? Can you point to an open standard that they have added proprietary extensions to? Apple definitely mixes open and proprietary components in their own systems, but I don't see how that hurts any of the open parts, since the closed parts serve different purposes. LLVM is designed to be more than just a compiler. It's different stages can be used separately by other code, making it well suited for building things like static analysis tools. Apple (sponsor and de facto leader of LLVM) has been taking advantage of this to integrate clang-based static analysis into XCode, the proprietary IDE that ships with Mac OS X. Even if GCC had a clean enough architecture to be used this way, the licensing restrictions would force all of XCode to be open-sourced. Apple has publicly stated that more than half of the crash reports they get through the crash reporting tool built in to Mac OS X are due to browser plugins. This is why they implemented a plugin encapsulation system for Safari on Snow Leopard: when a plugin (Flash) goes down, it no longer takes the whole browser with it. It is entirely unreasonable to assume that there is any statistically significant proportion of those plugin crashes that aren't Flash (well, maybe a few Java crashes...). Apple can't publicly blame Flash with any specificity, because they can't have Flash for OS X get abandoned until their mobile strategy has mostly killed Flash anyways. But they still have the raw data and stack traces. And that data indicates that Flash is by far the most crash-prone app on most Macs. NeXT was contractually obliged to not compete with Apple, which pretty much meant they had to stay out of the consumer and home markets, and focus on business and education. That's why their products were very expensive hardcore UNIX workstations (with the best GUI that had ever been put on a UNIX). If Apple had chosen Be, then Jobs would have had to wait until the combined Apple+Be was well and dead before moving back into the personal computer market. On the other hand, had NeXT stayed independent, they would have been able to continue their relationship with Sun and the merger of OPENSTEP and Java, and the combined product could have started weakening the Windows monopoly long before OS X became competitive due to the Intel transition. (It's not too hard to imagine the NeXT/Java development environment seriously catching on in enterprise environments circa 1999.) Why can't Flash make use of Quicktime like every other multimedia app on Macs for the past decade? Adobe has stated that the APIs aren't sufficient, but I haven't seen any of you explain what exactly you do need. If you're looking for an API to specifically feed data to a dedicated decode chip, you're doing it wrong, because hardware abstraction is the operating system's job. If it's merely a problem of the Quicktime APIs being hard to use, then you deserve a swift bankruptcy for complaining about it publicly rather than learning how to program properly on a Mac. The simple fact remains that Flash is so resource-hungry that it is undeniably badly written. On my machine, with a Radeon X1600 GPU that doesn't have any useful h.264 acceleration, playing a certain h.264 video with a resolution of 640x360 causes Flash 10.1 beta 2 to use on average 90% CPU, whereas Quicktime Player playing from a file uses a steady 16%. Flash is wasting three quarters of my CPU cycles on overhead. Yes, I can understand a difference of a few points due to extra layers of IPC and the networking code, but even if I'm generous, the latest-and-greatest Flash pre-release is throwing away every other clock cycle that my CPU has. Edit: I tested the video on VLC as well, to make extra sure that there is no home-field hardware acceleration advantage for QuickTime. VLC uses about 18% CPU. Flash's software decoder is 4-5 times slower than it should be. Or, to state it without shilling: Adobe has been an abusive monopoly in the streaming video market. It's only when a large company controversially decides to try to break that monopoly that people come out of the woodwork to cheer what may be the downfall of a product that truly sucks. Prior to Apple taking on Flash, it was a foregone conclusion that Flash sucks, but it was a necessary evil. That's not much of a reply, much less a refutation. The majority of OS X crash reports are due to crashing plugins . Java applets et al are so rare that Flash might as well be the only plugin that is used. Whether or not your web browser crashes when it isn't using Flash is completely off-topic, unless you are trying to insinuate that Apple can't even tell from a stack dump where the crash originated. In which case, you're taking an awfully roundabout way to calling Apple incompetent liars. Version checks on Mac OS X are not necessary: The system requirements for Flash 10.0 on OS X state that OS X 10.4 or later is required. Mac OS X 10.4 and later ship with QuickTime 7, which includes h.264 support. Quicktime 7 cannot be removed from the operating system. Thus, exactly everybody who can run the latest stable release of Flash for Mac already has an OS-provided h.264 decoder that has proven to be much more efficient than the one that is in Flash. Not using Quicktime on OS X is like not using DirectX 10 on Windows Vista and 7. As to the current performance of the latest Flash beta, what is your justification for Flash requiring five times the computational resources of other video players? What is Flash doing that is not only more intensive than h.264 decoding, but four times more intensive ? There are a couple of ways that a Fusion-style core can be used. You could take advantage of the high-bandwidth, low-latency connection between CPU and GPU to get higher performance, especially in GPGPU applications, but GPGPU hasn't really taken off yet. There's also the limitation that now CPU and GPU are sharing the same heatsink. You could use it to offer a low-end system with good integrated graphics, because there's no longer a penalty for the GPU sharing the CPU's RAM. However, this approach pretty much requires a new socket, which probably eliminates any potential cost savings from not having to buy a discrete GPU. This approach also sacrifices some in flexibility, as adding a discrete graphics card later on makes the on-die GPU worthless unless you have a good asymmetric SLI/Crossfire system, and even then you're limited to the features supported by the on-die GPU. The approach taken so far by Intel and AMD is to use it to make a better low-power platform. Intel's obviously been way ahead here. Ever since the Pentium M, AMD's had trouble keeping up in the mobile market. ATI's GPUs haven't been that great for the mobile market, either. It was obvious in 2006 that this was going to be the hardest approach for AMD to pull of, but it also seems to be the only one that might pay off. That's a problem inherent in the nature of HD codecs. Decoding with a general-purpose CPU is too inefficient. Any platform that has acceptable power consumption for the ultra-portable market is going to have to use dedicated decoding hardware. Once you take HD decoding off the list of things the CPU has to be fast enough for, you have the option to use a small, low-power CPU like the Atom. I don't see any room for improvement by using a different arrangement. Software writers will just have to get used to using the OS provided decoders so that any accelerators present can be used. Several years ago my family got cable internet from Time Warner. The modem/router they provided was one of the first models to support DOCSIS 3.0. We stayed with Time Warner for at least 2 years, and they never rolled out DOCSIS 3 support at their end. The maximum speed we could get from them was 6Mbps. We're now using DSL, and the maximum we can get is 6Mbps, though with more reliability than from cable. The nearest cable box is next to our neighbor's driveway. The phone company has fiber to their box in our other neighbor's yard. There's enough competition to keep price inflation mostly at bay, but there clearly isn't enough to convince the ISPs to invest in the equipment that would be able to give us connections that are four times faster. Efficiency doesn't have a lot to do with it. For all practical purposes, our local ISPs aren't spending any money to improve service in areas that already have some service. OS X has what is probably the most aggressive set of software optimizations aimed at increasing battery life, and no GUI to configure it. The only options you have without delving into command line tools are to turn down screen brightness, disable wi-fi and bluetooth, turn off extra processor cores, and quit applications. Fortunately, the defaults work very well for any common real-world use. Windows offers pretty good configuration options for power management, including setting maximum processor speed (as a percentage) while running on battery or on AC. The author seems to be blurring the lines between fixed tasks like transcoding videos and interactive tasks like games. It's not at all obvious that transcoding with a single-threaded app saves any power over the duration of the job than with a multi-threaded implementation. Most laptop CPUs don't have the kind of power gating that are on the latest chips like the Core i7, so even if no instructions are issued to a core, it still draws some power. With interactive tasks, the only way to save power is to do less, so that the CPU and other components can spend most of their time waiting for the user while in a low-power state. Predictive caching and speculative execution increase the responsiveness of a system on average, but at the cost of performing some tasks whose results won't be used. The only real take-away from this article is that apps that might be used on the go should provide a way to disable these techniques. (It's important to note that games don't do a lot of this stuff, so there your only options are to turn down the eye candy and the frame rate. A good example of how to accomplish this is Torchlight's netbook mode.) Having some content from the next page showing at the edge of your screen is an interesting way to avoid having to waste screen space on scrollbars. I do have to wonder how well it works in practice. How can you tell the difference between a web page that simply doesn't fit, and an app that is indicating that there is more content (but not necessarily relevant to what you're currently looking at)? Also, it seems like this would be a constant reminder of how frustratingly tiny your screen is, and that's not a good thought for a mobile UI to engender. Simpler in what way? Demoscene code is seldom simple to read or write, and usually doesn't take advantage of hardware acceleration. When I think demoscene, I think of getting crazy effects through esoteric bit manipulations. When you're already shipping OpenGL and your whole UI is composited with that, the easiest option is probably just texture mapping on to a low-resolution mesh. Clearly, it has not occurred to you that what Dropbox does is easier said than done . What Dropbox does may not be awe-inspiring when considered in isolation, but the sheer number of failed predecessors who couldn't solve this conceptually simple problem is very impressive. Postal workers shouldn't necessarily be blamed for pornography laws, but that doesn't mean government agents should be treated equally. Highway patrol officers who break traffic laws without using lights and sirens should be punished more severely than a first-time offender who is a normal citizen. Cops who abuse their power need to serve prison time. With great power comes great responsibility. We give our public school teachers a lot of power over the lives of our kids, by entrusting our kids to them for several hours a day. If they abuse the public trust, the potential for damage is much higher, and the punishment should be correspondingly more severe. If we let our schools enact zero-tolerance policies for punishing our kids, we have the right to enact zero-tolerance laws for them f*ing with our kids' lives. That's still better than Wince. iPhone apps are compiled down to ARM machine code. .NET managed code is bytecode for the CLR virtual machine. That's a significant difference.