Users are not necessarily human - they can be search engines, API consumers, etc. What's in the annotation is configuration, not application logic. As such there's no real difference between putting configuration into YML, XML and annotation comments. In response to your 4 specific criticisms: 1. (DX regressions) - in theory yes, in practice the frameworks are good at this. The annotations compile down to PHP which you can look at directly, and you get exceptions if there is something wrong with the annotation. 2. (Decreased readability) - subjective POV. I find it easier, because the relevant configuration is next to the code to which it applies. It also prevents crufty out-of-date comments floating around. 3. (Yet another library) - Yep. No answer there. 4. (Icky feeling) - I get far more icky feelings out of seeing 30 lines of custom written 'setup code'. Annotations help to prevent that. That somebody could be you! Wherever this is likely to happen, I wouldn't use annotations. For example, I use YML for environment specific variables. But I don't need routes or fieldnames to be different only in one environment, so annotations work great there. Isn't it moo? Like the cow? Jakob Nielsen would have a field day with this. A partially-sighted TV license for a B&W TV is £25, compared to £75 for a full colour one. Ebay has quite a few B&W TVs available for £5-10. There are 360,000 people registered as partially-sighted in the UK, although around a third of those are over 75 (and so get a free license anyway). I imagine this must count for a fair proportion of those 13,000 TVs. Do you have a link for that? I've only seen them say "if you need to support IE8, you need to use jQuery 1.9". No mention of a plugin. You explaining it would be more useful than the bonus points. I had no problem just giving my email address. As amazing as Seth Godin is, blindly following (or recommending) every one of his suggestions in every situation is not a good idea, and I doubt he would say it is either. > #2 the Apple vision of the world is about consumer products (...) producer products are the future. In one sense, Apple has encourage people to be producers by making it easier to produce financially-viable software. Are you comparing Apple's vision with Microsoft's, or do you have something else in mind? I've used Axure quite a bit, since v5. There's a steep learning curve once you want to use any of those advanced features. I'm not sure how good your front-end coding knowledge is, but these days I find it's just as quick to prototype with Bootstrap. Of all the features I use regularly, the main one is a hand-drawn library which is great for showing people rough layouts without them focusing on colours and typography. From my experience of explaining APIs, most people don't understand the distinction between the web and software, let alone the difference between a web-based API and a software one. If a user knew what WebGL actually is, I would guess that they already know what an API is. It's writing on the users own wall, which they are asking it to do. Therefore it's not unsolicited. It doesn't write on other users' walls, so it's not bulk. The biggest problem with (human-written) email is that it's so poorly written. 20 action points, mixed with a bit of smalltalk, and lots of tangential information, all on a reply to a totally irrelevant email. The kind of people that send these emails either wouldn't use an 'expires' header, or would set the expires header to be '5 minutes from now'. They're the same people that have 'top priority' as the default setting on every Outlook email. However, there are ways of adding functionality to email clients without every single email client implementing it. Think YouTube previews in Gmail, and all the other custom headers on Exchange servers. Can't see the article - site is down. So what I write here is based solely on the premise of the headline and existing comments on HN. I work for a co-working space in London, which is like an open plan office taken to the extreme. Before that I worked in a variety of environments (I'm in my 30s), including public sector 'one-office-per-person' through to agency '3-people-per-desk' type situations, and working from home as a freelancer. Criticisms about working space often come down to 'the garden on the other side of the fence would be easier to work in'. If you work from home, you miss having people to have coffee with at lunch. If you work in a crowded office, you miss having 2 hours of unbroken flow. So the best offices try to combine a bit of everything - quiet space, play space, etc. Some people talk about the 'email-only' office like the Holy Grail of Offices. But it's not - it's cold, impersonal and unfriendly. It often results in unnecessary arguments resulting from people misinterpreting something. So a culture of "speak, don't write" is definitely a good thing, as long as there are some rules about when it's OK to talk to someone. The problem is whether people respect the rules. We try to follow the headphone rule - if I'm wearing headphones, don't interrupt me unless the building is about to burn down. The corollary - if I'm not wearing headphones, feel free to walk up and talk to me. So it's as much about culture as it is architecture, and that's something that often gets overlooked. Do you have access to the text? Maybe you could post it on Pastebin or something. Just read the article now. Yeah, I think the key to understand is that it's 'open-plan ONLY' offices that are the nightmare. Even in workplaces where everyone has a separate office, if the culture doesn't have a way of saying "this person is busy, don't talk to them" then it doesn't really help. I worked with a bunch of about 8 other developers in the basement, and it was fine. Some suggested rules: * Turn off ALL notification sounds. This includes vibrate functions on phones, which still makes a sound when it rattles on the desk. * No phone calls or conversations at the desk. Take it to the kitchen. * No talking, screaming, or muttering to yourself. Nobody cares about your problems, they're trying to solve their own. * If someone has headphones own, they're trying to concentrate. Send them an email saying you want to talk to them. I think you can try to improve it. However, too often people do use the environment as an excuse - "I couldn't hit the deadline because Geoff was typing too loudly". There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." When I was young OSX, was so much better. It used to read my mind and produce everything I needed even before I'd thought of it. Including coffee, and sweet blueberry muffins. Without even plugging it in or turning it on. It was so much better than Windows. These days, it is merely an operating system. I may switch to Arch Linux, which I hear has a voice-activated Cappuccino machine and dry cleans shirts. I have always liked Sequel Pro. Then I started looking for an OSX Mongo client, and having seen what's on offer, I love Sequel Pro all the more. A few reasons: 1. Because about 90% of web users were on awful Microsoft browsers which was extremely slow at processing JavaScript, and made a very bad job of rendering CSS. Now, 80-90% of users are on a modern browser. 2. Google's methods of indexing and scoring content changed - it now parses JavaScript, gives value to speedy pages, is good at detecting keyword stuffing, etc. 3. Always-on internet is now pretty much a given, even on phones. 4. There are more developers, trying more things, sharing more experience. 5. Tools. In 2006, we had Drupal, Wordpress, Plone, and a few other odds and ends. These days, we have Varnish, nginx, Jekyll, CloudFront, MongoDB, etc. There are a lot more options, without having to spend a fortune or build everything yourself. First page load, definitely. Subsequent updates - depends. They do index at least some AJAX content - https://twitter.com/mattcutts/status/131425949597179904 . In the late 90s, the concept of video on the web was just starting. Problem was, the technology wasn't there - even Flash videos were a nightmare. Dial-up connections struggled to download large images, let alone videos. Hence, video startups of the 90s struggled and largely failed. But technology did change. Faster upload and download speeds, camera phones with video, consistent browser APIs that rendered video more quickly. And now YouTube worked, not because it was a new idea, but simply because the technology necessary for it to work now existed. Same could be said of static HTML. With a combination of Angular, Jekyll, S3 and websockets you can have a very quick site. This is not just a matter of fashion, but also the supporting technology. "I'm a developer. I like working from home. Therefore all companies should allow all developers to work from home." He who pays the piper, calls the tune. If you're right, and developers want and should be able to work from home, then economics suggests market rates for office-bound employees will go up, and profitability at those companies will go down. And there are wider issues here. So you allow the developers want to work from home. What about your project managers? Your admin temps? What about that lazy developer who you can't fire, but you know does nothing at home? Also, how do you still have those serendipitous chats around the kettle, in which you, the business development manager and the designer realise a huge sales opportunity? Having remote-working will make perfect for some businesses (be they startups, agencies, or huge corporates), but it never comes without cost. In some cases, those costs will make it worthwhile paying to have developers working inside the office. Yeah, this wasn't Microsoft bashing. Just pointing out that, for whatever reason, the state of browsers during that period limited what could be done with static HTML and AJAX. I'm not sure I understand your use of the terms 'original' and 'bland'. Many 'splashy and quirky' shows have totally bombed, while many cliched topics have been turned into hugely successful shows. It seems to be that you're saying "Why doesn't Netflix pick a successful show?". You might as well ask "Why doesn't Joe pick the winning lottery numbers?". I agree that House of Cards is unlikely to get the great unwashing masses desperately enabling Netflix. Perhaps because because Netflix is not just another network, it's targeting early-adopting geeks with the kind of show they tend to like. Or maybe this is just a case of 'nobody gets fired for commissioning a remake of a successful political drama'. It takes advantage of PHP 5.3 (anonymous callback functions, namespacing, etc) whereas a lot of the other PHP frameworks feel like PHP 4+. You can swap in components like Redis easily. Setting it to use mock versions of web-based APIs in the development environment. And the code just feels nice to work with. > Also "no man does evil knowingly" seems wrong - sorry, but a tiny minority of people really want to see the world burn. I think the point is that those people believe the world deserves to burn, or that by burning, it would be a better place. Hence, they are not doing evil while thinking "Ha ha ha, I'm so evil", but genuinely believe they are doing good. > Shy away from religion. Find the truth by yourself. You can't find the truth by yourself. It's just too big and complicated. Individuals believing that they have discovered some kind of truth is at the root of a lot of suffering. Going after the truth is a good thing, but you cannot and should not do it alone. I agree - it's not that they are doing good, just that they believe it. It's because of this that you can't just trust your own opinions on what's true and good. Without some kind of external moral compass, you're left with moral relativism. Interesting correlation between popularity and quality - i.e. the worst APIs are probably the most used. You shouldn't waste your life, no matter how old you are. But one person's 'wasting' is another person's 'enjoying', so articles like this don't really answer any questions. That was my interpretation. In most of IT (operating systems, software, APIs, etc) the more you use something the more you grow to hate it. My thoughts exactly. A good manager can make a difficult company bearable, and vice versa. It's open source. https://github.com/discourse/discourse Discourse implements a variety of open source tech. You may wish to familiarize yourself with the various components that Discourse is built on, in order to be an effective contributor: Languages/Frameworks Ruby on Rails - Our back end API is a Rails app. It responds to requests RESTfully and responds in JSON. Ember.js - Our front end interface is an Ember.js app that communicates with the Rails API. Databases PostgreSQL - Our main data store is Postgres. Redis - We use Redis for our job queue, rate limiting, as a cache and for transient data. Assuming, of course, that their business model predicts that over the course of those 10 years $10M extra profit will be made from having the domain milk.com. I have no idea about the milk business, especially not its promotion. But I would imagine that few people would not spend as much money on milk because this organisation does not own the domain 'milk.com'. It's more likely to be bought by a corporate wanting a pretty memorable domain. Deutsche Post was refused a UDRP request on Post.com, Interior Design Group was refused InteriorDesign.com, etc. Successful UDRP requests usually mean the current owner is using the name in bad faith. The usual explanation is if an apple orchard which has been in business for 50 years had bought the domain apple.com, then it would be considered entirely reasonable for them to keep it - even if their business was not called Apple. Whereas if an electronics form founded a few weeks tried to do the same thing, they would lose it. I'm not aware of any outrageously bad decisions in this area. It seems to be quite sensible. I agree, it's gratuitous. Anyone with a swear filter (families, corporates) can't look at the documentation, and religious organisations may feel uncomfortable. Being open source, perhaps there's a fork opportunity for 'Bootstrap without the swearing'. Ctrl + F shows two. Time to update your regex-fu, or use simpler tools. Any actual research to support that, or is it just an opinion? As I can't find any data, I've asked on programmers.stackexchange.com. http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/186407/are-th... So a hypothetical scenario: a client says to me "I've got this great idea to compete with Facebook by using red navbars instead of blue". Should I refuse the job because their idea won't work? I would clarify what I can and can't do for them: "I can build a working product that will scale to 10,000 concurrent users assuming you're prepared to pay $5K per month in hosting costs. I can't deliver millions of users, protection from patent infringements, etc." Also, if I think the idea is going nowhere, I would be careful about being paid up front. If their happy with my terms, I'm happy to receive their money. For the less technically able amongst us, how does this work? There are a few different plausible explanations for this, and there is no evidence for or against any of them. Amazing demos. Are there any real-world applications using something like this? Could this be connected with gun control? i.e. trying to influence the market in some way to make gun ownership less more difficult or less attractive. Random idea, probably stupid. Totally agree. His ego is orbiting way out there right now, and I can't see him sitting down to concentrate writing a history paper. Can you give specific examples of what is broken and how you would fix it? While this is true of bank, ecommerce, news, etc, sites, it doesn't apply when the author is just sharing something he's playing around with. My Dad grew up in the 1960s and he thinks the 60s were the best decade ever. My Nan thinks that everything went wrong after the 1930s. UK citizens pay for a TV license which gives them access to BBC broadcasts - through IPlayer, freeview TV, radio, and websites. The BBC is also able to sell DVDs of their programs in the UK, and internationally (through BBC World). In theory , DRM would prevent people selling bootlegged copies that would severely impact this revenue stream. Webkit ≠ Chrome. I think it's important that web developers do all they can to stop that idea becoming widespread, before people think all other browsers are just a knocked off version of Chrome. At a conservative average of $40K pa per employee, that's an annual staff bill of around $35M annually. The Firefox-Google deal is worth $300M annually, and their user base is 15x larger. Add in other costs, and it's not hard to see that either they've got a huge source of other income or they are hemorrhaging cash. It was very conservative (although I guess not all Opera employees are senior engineers). I was trying to make the point that there's no way Opera can be profitable from just selling search engine traffic. The open accounts show that they spent around $25M on salaries in Q4 of last year. Do you have stats to back that up? Recent surveys say that people are more likely to describe their phone as 'Samsung' than Android. http://news.techeye.net/mobile/samsung-galaxy-brand-trumps-a... Anecdotally, I would agree that the kind of people who know what Android is are the kind of people that know what iOS is - i.e. gadget-lovers. There's also the Amazon App Store for Android. People I know with Kindle Fires just talking about 'downloading apps from Amazon'. I don't think they know what Android is. Seems like it, though that could come in handy. By the time you've paid for the server, the time to write the wrapper, and the cost of maintaining it, $10 per month is actually pretty good if screengrabs are an inconsequential part of your UI. > Cannot decide which is a worse language, Javascript or PHP. If you discovered that the answer was one or the other, would it make you a better developer in any way? Would it help solve any problems the world has? Perhaps you should look more into why the "Gresham's Law of Programming Languages" exists. Maybe the have better documentation, a more friendly user community. Maybe they fix more real-world problems and spend less time mentally masturbating over programmer porn. Exactly what I found. I tried reading Les Miserables using a speedreading app (Fastr) and while I was reading more quickly, it left me wondering what the point of reading it was at all. When I read it in a normal app (Kindle), I appreciated the beauty of the language, the depth of the characters, and the intricate storyline so much more. For business stuff, a similar problem occurred - I missed out on key points in emails, and was less creative in solutions. I'm not saying that this applies to everyone, but for me, reading slowly is more efficient. The key is reading the right stuff more slowly, and not reading the wrong stuff at all. Studies have suggested that some do, some don't. The more deaf you are, the less likely you are to subvocalise. Totally not an expert in this area, but I think everybody associates more than just the sound of the word - movement of lips, memories, and other senses are also involved. Deaf people can obviously acquire those 'subvocalisations' instead. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=8PhwXf9uj1IC&pg=PA114... From the article to which you linked: > But wait: Oxford Dictionaries online, while giving a similar definition – "a figurative or metaphorical use of a word or expression" – adds a second: "a significant or recurrent theme; a motif: she uses the Eucharist as a pictorial trope". Yep, post could be summarised as: "I currently don't want one. Therefore, nobody will ever want one. Anybody that says they do want one is a fanboy." The OP mentions that it doesn't go to spam, it's deleted entirely and unretreivably. It should also be possible to turn it off. It's the Innovator's Dilemma. For the owners and shareholders of TV networks, solutions tend to fall in one of two mutally exclusive groups: Option #1: Take advantage of all these people who say they'll pay. In the short term, you'll probably lose a lot of money as you cannibalise your existing business model. But it does give you a moderate chance of long term survival. Option #2: Keep the status quo. In the short term, you'll continue to be mildly profitable, though your long term survival is unlikely. Since markets reward short-term behaviour, the first option is career suicide for any CEO. While the second won't mark them out as a visionary, it will guarantee them a large salary. What would you choose? It is always about money. Currently, TV Company X makes a bunch of shows and airs them in the US. Some of them make huge amounts of money, some fail miserably, most are somewhere inbetween. You make money in the US either by selling your content to networks, or putting it on your own network. The networks make money out of selling subscriptions (B2C) and advertising (B2B). Internationally, you sell your content to networks in other countries. These will be whole bundles of content - let's say 5 shows, each with 3 series. This is a purely B2B business model, with guaranteed future income. Once the local networks have licensed the content from the producer, they promote it and sell their own advertising and subscriptions. It seems that you're suggesting they replace that international model with one where they sell content online direct to consumers. The producer now has to take over all the marketing of the show, and sell its own advertising. They will also come up against local competition who are now making their own shows. And they've got to build websites with payment systems, and offer customer service. Oh, and deal with local regulators. It will take a very long time to set up that new business model, and while they're doing it, they've lost all the guaranteed income of just licensing it to local networks. Their share price tanks as a result, and they have to deal with Carl Icahn launching a takeover bid. Then there's the evidence that the number of people who will pay to consume large amounts of content online, while still accepting advertising, is still relatively small internationally, because not everyone has the technical capability or inclination to do it. That is why it loses a huge amount of money in the short term. TV producers can't say 'iTunes or whatever'. They have to hire departments of people to build cashflow forecasts and business models that they can justify to shareholders. And if the CEO of TV Company X turns out to be wrong, they've lost their job with the $10M per year salary. In the long run, it probably will be the case that TV will be distributed like you say - aired through the internet, pay-to-play. But if it's not happening quickly enough for you, then just download the torrents. It's more profitable for TV Network X to ignore the money you're offering than to change their entire business model so they can accept them. Do Netflix or Apple license the content, or just offer some kind of revenue share with the publisher? In the music industry it's the latter. That model has been a disaster (for music companies) as they take all the risk for the failures, while Apple gets a relatively large proportion of revenue from the winners. This. We all mess up, but only the best ones will deal with it professionally and learn from it. Sounds like the OP is in that group. He didn't try to hide it, blame it on anyone else, or make excuses. He just did what he could to fix his mistake. When people say "making mistakes is unacceptable - imagine if doctors made mistakes" they ignore three facts: 1. Doctors do make mistakes. Lots of them. All the time. 2. Even an average doctor is paid an awful lot more than me. 3. Doctors have other people analysing where things can go wrong, and recommending fixes. If you want fewer development mistakes, as a company you have to accept it will cost money and take more time. It's for a manager to decide where the optimal tradeoff exists. In HTML5, it's fine to have multiple `h1` tags on the page, though you can only have 1 in each `section`. Even then, it's fine as long as you're structuring your page sensibly. For example, on a blog index where each blog post is in a section, it's fine for each blog title to be a h1. Matt Cutts talking about this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=G... ! Hmmm, interesting. So that's going in the other direction to the HTML5 spec, in which you considered a header in relation to the section it's contained in, without worrying about the section's relation to the whole document. It was the browser's job to do the latter. I will keep an eye on this. Thanks for the pointer. Thanks for that. I had assumed the header structures was one of the more stable parts of the spec! Perhaps the title should be 'A simple animation to show novices how the internet works'. It's a great place to start that explanation. Yep, YAGNI is a great rule of thumb, but there are cases where you know that you ARE going to need it. The marketing manager who says today "I just want a blog" IS going to come back next week and say "I want to a white paper on the blog, for which people have to register, and then it automatically subscribes them to a newsletter". After enough feature requests, you've built yourself a crap framework anyway. At least, by starting with a decent framework, the foundation of your code is solid. Actually, for some people, spending time looking around for a new service, deciding which service to use, learning to use that new service, configuring it for whatever you need, etc, is a LOT of work. If your whole business is pointing to eBay, or all your friends and photos are currently on Facebook, you've got to tell everyone that you've just changed URL. There's a lot of cost in changing. Sometimes the cost of staying with a service outweighs the cost of changing. You shouldn't assume otherwise. My Nan has never changed her gas or electric provider in the UK ever since energy utilities were privatised 20 years ago. Sure, she's probably wasted thousands of pounds and she knows that, but she's happy. Meanwhile, we've changed provider about 10 times - and I honestly can't say that the savings have brought extra happiness. > 30 pages is enough. By this definition, you could end up filling your life with airport thrillers. War and Peace has barely introduced a character by page 30, let alone got you hooked. It's a problem with 21st Century "instant gratification" culture. Like so much of life, many of the most rewarding books require effort to enjoy them, and get anything from them. By requiring the author to do all the work, you're merely consuming culture. Becoming a culture-producer requires you to invest yourself in it, to think about it and respond to it. You cannot do that based on the first 30 pages alone. If you do, Dan Brown is probably the best author you'll ever read. To use your analogy of falling in love, the first 30 pages are like the first date. They can be beautiful, funny, and interesting, but after a while it can turn out that it was just a combination of good lighting, alcohol, and some overheard jokes. If you get on, then it's mostly lust at this stage anyway. It takes a lot more time together to know whether you're actually in love. And if you don't click, maybe there's no point in meeting up again. But you have to question whether it's you or them. What are you looking for in a partner? Someone deep and meaningful with whom you can spend a lifetime, or a superficial one-night stand that you forget after a few days. I do totally agree. The characters are some of the most beautiful ever written, and I spent days and days in a hammock unable to tear myself away from it. But if I judged the book after just 30 pages, I probably would have said that it was dry and boring with too many characters, and too little happening. To stretch this analogy beyond breaking point, of course you want some initial chemistry, but you need to ask what you're bringing to this relationship / reading. Imagine you're friends hook you up on a blind date with someone described as "charismatic, supermodel looks, professorial brains". And you turn up, thinking "OK, Blind Date you have 30 minutes to impress me, or I'm outta here." That's what it's like picking up Tolstoy or Hugo and saying "if I'm not hooked after 30 pages, I'm just going to quit reading". You need to bring something to the reading. Just as you expect Tolstoy to be interesting, so he expects you to be rather knowledgable about 19th Century European history, Christian philosophy, farming practices amongst serfs in Tsarist Russia. You can still fall in love with War and Peace without that knowledge (as I did), but it will take more effort from you and thus might take more than 30 pages. And Tolstoy expects you to make, and to want to make, the effort to think about what he's writing. Dan Brown expects you to be time-pressed or naive - either unable or unwilling to challenge even his most basic assertions about history. So he writes for his audience, as Tolstoy writes for his. Tolstoy's motivations were closer to evangelism and pushing a political agenda. Dan Brown's are more about becoming rich. And if all you are thinking while reading the book is "what am I getting from this?" then you're never going to enjoy it as you otherwise might. I read Crime and Punishment because I picked up quickly as I left the house for the airport. Stuck on a plane with nothing else to do, I slogged through the opening section, trying to cope with weird names and an alien culture. But that book, caused me to get into lots of other Russian literature, become Christian, and ultimately inspired some of the conversations that lead me to marrying my wife. I doubt anyone can say that about a Stig Larsson or James Patterson pageturner. I work at Campus in London, which is owned by Google so there are quite a few Google folks around. I'll see what I can do. @fabpot How can I contact you? I'm @blowski on Twitter. There is a Symfony2 proposal on Area51. But I agree with the discussion at http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/36634/symfony-2 - StackOverflow itself is perfectly adequate, and having two separate subsites would be unnecessarily confusing. Yep. We naturally get cancer, but it doesn't mean life would be worse if we were able to prevent it. The way some people seem to see this is "Google contributes merely £6 million to the UK economy", which is obviously not true. Like individuals, corporations want to pay the least possible tax. If they're paying the legal minimum, what's the problem? If the British people want them to pay more tax, then elect a government which would change the tax law. At the moment, we're electing a government which hisses at corporations to make good headlines. Do you have any data on how much is 'non-trivial'? (Not disbelieving you, I'm wondering whether it's trivial for my use case.) It's not responsive - it shows exactly the same UI to whichever agent is viewing it. It is fluid width, since the maximum line-length is the width of the window. You can have a responsive non-fluid layout by having fixed width layouts with multiple break points. That ship has long sailed. Saying people are abusing DNS by using a country level domain is like saying people are abusing the word 'awful' when they use it to mean 'bad'. People _are_ using TLDs in this way, and the relevant countries, registrars, and ICANN seem happy to let them. It has no impact on the internet, other than freeing up a whole bunch of domain names, thereby lowering the price for everybody. [responding to your edit] ...If you think things shouldn't be hacked, then maybe "Hacker News" is not the site for you? Everything is a "hack" on something else. When we invented the wheel, we noticed that round things were easier to move than square things. When we invented fire, we noticed that rubbing two sticks together produced something that kept you warm. It's evolution. The alternative is to stay with what we've got today, just because. If they were suing Google or anything like that, you'd be right. But they're not. They're just saying "Google, your index would be more accurate if you made this change". They have figured out a limitation, think it's unnecessary, and are suggesting a way of making the system better. They're using the blog post to encourage others to support the suggestion. Actually, .gb exists as well, but the subdomain is dra.hmg.gb. .uk was created before the standard was agreed, and the UK was allowed to keep using it. Agreed. The LAMP stack did not become ubiquitous because it had a cool name, but because it was cheap and easy to build on. The name 'LAMP' was just a 'backronym' for what was already very common. Trying to repeat the trick by coming up with another cool acronym is not a good idea. The problem with the LAMP stack is the idea that one stack is suitable for just about any purpose. So you get developers trying to build hugely complicated algorithms with 'if' and 'for' loops in PHP and turning MySQL into an object store with ORM. Better to use the right tool for the job, rather than the one all the cool kids are using today, or the one with the best sounding name. Why should public services be ugly? Making the website more appealing for non-geeks results in more non-geeks using the website. The website is a more cost-efficient way of servicing non-geek citizens. So spending money on good design can definitely be worth it. Assuming every penny spent on aesthetics is a penny wasted is a developer fallacy. A lot of the time the design probably was sketched out in the 90s, and it's taken until this year to reach the development phase. I tried switching to Dvorak, and encountered exactly those problems. Perhaps if every keyboard instantly switched to Dvorak layout the moment I touched it, then it might have been worth it. Having to think about which keyboard layout I was using added more time and stress than was ever going to be repaid by the supposed benefits of using Dvorak. I gave up after about 3 months, reverting purely to using Qwerty. I have no evidence to back this up, but I suspect more and more developers are moving to Symfony2 due to the glacial pace of Yii development. Yii v1.1 was released in January 2010. In the following 3.5 years, there have been many changes in the world of web development - namespacing and traits in PHP, AWS-style hosting going mainstream, JavaScript MVC frameworks - and Yii neither takes advantage of them, nor makes it easy for you to take advantage of them. It's a shame, but unless they have some revolutionary idea, Yii is probably dead in the water. Not any more - working fine for me. Churnalism, of the usual quality from Daily Mail. The photos are from a book published in 2005. http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5005952