Put another way: "animals are vessels for souls while waiting for reincarnation". It now applies to everything souls (possibly) reincarnate into, while still being true. I think that viewed in this way, it is obvious that the Buddhist concept of a soul is not human centric. The soul would be an entity trying to escape a cycle of reincarnation (and one of the potential candidates for reincarnation is a human). Aliens could fit right in there as just another vessel. When the immune system learns to destroy cells, it also remembers the markers for bad cells. If you have (for example) cancerous liver cells and your immune system learns to destroy these, the potential exists for it to learn markers that are also present on normal liver cells. After your cancer is gone, this memory that partially (or entirely) applies to regular cells will lead to your immune system trying to destroy normal, healthy cells. Your life absolutely belongs to you. It's true that other people suffer with you, but ultimately the decision is 100% your own. It's possible to be supportive and try to keep someone alive as long as possible without making them feel like they're slaved to someone else's desires. I think everyone deserves to feel autonomous. If you have the requisite genetic triggers, bipolar has only a chance of popping up. It's triggered by circumstances in your life that present significant stress/hardship. Next to that, there are also plenty of people that manage to wean themselves off medication after they've been on it for a few years. It's not something you're necessarily stuck with for the rest of your life. "Might be true given a million other factors" isn't really the sort of truth you're looking for when trying to get advice. Let's not turn Dutch cities into another example of the horrifying panopticon that UK cities have become. Leaving aside the question of competence, what alternatives would you suggest? Actually looking at this map, I'm still seeing significant flooding without anything holding water back. When I read your comment I assumed you somehow provided evidence that worrying about the water/coast is nonsensical, reading the map I see the opposite. You can hope that that's the case, but that doesn't mean that it is. In my experience, it is emphatically not the case. The whole idea of electron is that it is built on top of a deeply flawed framework. I can't speak for anyone else, but I cannot see the appeal to writing for something that is broken by design. This is simply untrue. You can try spending some time having an actual conversation with real animal rights activists, you might find out that they're real nuanced people (just like you, hopefully). What Facebook (or for that matter Google) does is not competition. They're far too large to really compete with when you're getting up and running. Everything that even gets close to something they do or might want to do gets bought out. I can't imagine anyone thinks such a situation is in the best interest of the user. A good chunk of his advice is applicable even in moderately high-cost labour countries such as Germany or the Netherlands. I'm sure it also means any other deviation from the norm. Framed as something intrinsically bad, or at least indicative of deafness to tone. That's an even worse idea. You've shifted all of the data from the agency at least tangentially concerned with people's welfare to a corporation only concerned with profit. For a lot of the classes I took, this is what the hours looked like for my classmates as well. I do not think it's that unusual, even. While I grant that you may be correct in this case, this isn't a tenable position to take in general. An overwhelming amount of people do believe patently ridiculous things, and frequently talks about them as if they make sense. The US has a competent military. The country is fundamentally christian - I don't see why the two need to be mutually exclusive. There is a mandatory fee that you will pay for being connected to cable (which most people are, even if they don't necessarily use the TV). This pays for the "free" channels that everyone gets. For people in the EU a EULA isn't legal anyway - unless you need to explicitly agree with it before you can buy the car. Conversations has had frequent complaints about battery life issues, which to my knowledge have always been closed with some variation of "just ask about this on the chat" and/or "this is not something that can be fixed". In the past, I've noticed it doesn't work well for my battery life personally as well (so it's not just rumour). For something that needs to run on a phone, battery life is one of the most important factors to make something actually useful. While the GUI looks great and I don't remember any usability warts, I don't think it's fair to recommend something with an issue this big. As a rule you won't actually get back all the expenses if the case takes a (few) year(s), it's more a symbolic amount. As someone who lives in a country full of easily accessible porn and prostitution, I can promise you the kids here are as depraved as they are anywhere else (that is to say, not very). Human beings need a little bit of downtime for general decompression and whatnot in my experience (unless you want to go for that coveted 35yo burnout status). I'm not saying that that 2-3 hours of tv/social media can't be more efficiently spent on a different form of relaxation plus some kind of after-work job/hobby, but I do think it's oversimplifying a bit to say that leisure activities = waste. The US is not very culturally homogeneous, at least not as far as I understand it. It's precisely this kind of entitled rhetoric that pushes people away from contributing at all. Please try to consider that on the other end of a conversation there is a human being, who doesn't owe you anything and does what he does (in this case) out of pure charity. Wire drains the battery of your phone so hard it's unusable in practice. There has been a bug report about this open since May 2017, with a note that "we're working on it". It hasn't been solved so far. It's important to consider that when you work in any kind of advertising capacity, you are already part of the problem. Anything you have to say that moderates how big of an issue it is should already be suspect to anyone with even a modicum of critical thinking ability. At that point you could try to ask yourself whether or not what you're doing is truly ethical. Maybe then we'd collectively get somewhere. If you prefer to put faith in people's abilities (at this point in time) you're being intentionally headstrong in the face of overwhelming proof that that doesn't work. It's been a very long time since the games in question have launched and they're filled with toxicity. It's kind of sad to realise reading a comment like this now makes me instantly suspicious about whether or not this is "true" enthusiasm or something motivated by profit. It's a fundamentally hard problem to solve, but IMO it is one of the bigger hurdles facing places like this now. I encourage you to maybe go the the EU at some point in your life (and have some meaningful interaction with corporate life there). That will demonstrate to you that the sentiment you're addressing is patently false: Companies in the EU vigorously and constantly hire new people, even though employees have rights. The high end ones take maybe 20s to dry your hands off. Properly drying your hands with paper towels takes at least as long and it wastes paper. What is your problem with an air dryer? I think you'll find almost every community of a competitive game eventually turns into a mostly toxic one. I don't really understand why (it seems a little reductionist to say that most people are toxic and therefore as a community grows most of it will tend towards being toxic), but I keep seeing it no matter what kind of game it is (RTS, MOBA, RPG, etc) I don't understand why you would pick Arabic as an example here. There are languages you could take as alternatives to the mentioned fantasy languages (Mandarin, German if you read a lot of technical literature, etc) that are significantly more relevant and likely to be useful online. Regardless of whether or not this is true (and really it seems to me to be a bit more malicious than large groups of people are consistently capable of), this isn't a super useful way of looking at it. Rather than speculate on why things are the way they are (especially if in this case it's pretty much unsolvable without really big changes), shouldn't we look to solve the problems this is causing (which by and large involves "merely" collecting large amounts of data, which is much less difficult and much more attainable in the short term)? Once blocking by US websites becomes a little more widespread there will be EU alternatives to fill the gaps. Normally I'm not a huge fan of such solutions, but if the alternative is exposing myself to the wild west of unregulated selling of my personal data that is the US I'll learn to live with it. While I agree with your opinion about the GDPR, your analysis of Europe is otherwise plainly wrong. You would be aware of this if you actually followed EU politics (there is currently a strong trend towards right-wing / center politics. Left-leaning parties are moderately out of favour), which you definitely do not have to do. Just try not to spread misinformation on the internet: There is plenty of it to go around already. Because it's the right thing to do? I don't understand why this needs to devolve into an "us vs them" scenario that ends up with the US growing their literal tent slums. Worst case you have to pay (a lot of) fines (at least in the jurisdiction where I am jail time is not an option for stuff like this). That just makes the price go up by however much the fines are and doesn't solve anything. In the end, people are free to do what they want. This is vastly preferable to accidentally leaking customer information. If this is the price we have to pay for having good guarantees that we can be forgotten, I think it is a worthwhile tradeoff. Isn't the whole point of studying these things to find out if what you're saying is true? While it is possible you are correct, I'd really hesitate to say it's obvious in any way, especially as there is a large swathe of population that doesn't particularly care about art. On the other hand, the segment that really doesn't at all like candy is much smaller. This is a tired trope, because this seems to forget that more people also equals more resources to deal with more people. It's not a substantive argument to just say "well there's more of us so this can never work", which is what I assume you're trying to say here. Why was that a huge red flag to you? "contact data" is already a pretty nebulous term. If my experience with European business websites is anything to go by, this is not the sort of requirement that the GP is talking about. He's saying there are more important things in the world to worry about. In what way did you read it? You'll be dismissed as a crackpot, and if it was online you can bet it'll come out in the kind of checks that will be performed for high-profile jobs. Those are very real repercussions, they're just less obvious. The way it would be treated is the domain would be taken down (if that were requested by the victim). I'm not sure if that is EU law or something local. I am fairly certain a lot of EU countries have local provisions that effectively mean the same. I'm not talking about the German laws. Germany is not the right example for how the EU works because in cases like this they are almost always much, much stricter than everyone else. The requirements you noted for a business in the more general case (EU-wide, in other words) are much more lax. Telling them to GTFO doesn't really comfort you if you receive fake (hopefully) bomb packages at home or whatever else (frequent mailings of poop for example). The local police generally also doesn't do very much for you (unless it's really bad, like a real immediate threat to your life from an actual pipe bomb). Even if they do, that doesn't mean it will stop anytime soon. In the meantime it's slowly eating away at your sanity: Is this real mail? Can I go outside for groceries without getting stabbed? These are not fun concerns to have to have. Seeing as it's 100% avoidable and unnecessary to have this information available in this way, I don't think it is a bad thing to remove it. Nowhere in this post do you successfully make the case that he's not old money. You may have demonstrated that he didn't fall victim to many of the tropes that his contemporaries did, but the fact remains he had (a lot) more than most people would at any point in time (including opportunities and contacts). I still remember the moment when Bill Gates switched from being the "Microsoft guy" (during those times sort of akin to the new Satan) to being the "philanthropist" that he is now. I'd say it's been a very successful bit of public relations for him if this is how you see him now. This is false. There are third parties specialised in getting you compliant if you're unsure what to to - you can send your (legal/technical) questions to them and they answer you. It still baffles me to this day that people just lie/spread misinformation on the internet (yes, there is a relevant XKCD for this) yet here we are. It might not be uncommon in your neck of the woods, but where I exist this isn't common at all. Everyone has to work, and the luxury of being able to save "quite some money" (or work far less, which is more or less the same thing) definitely doesn't go to people who I'd call a "dev" (and not say, a consultant or upper management). This website is an echo chamber for holocaust deniers and other such paragons of empathy and humanity. I know this because a friend of mine recently mentioned how he started on this site because it claimed to be "censorship free" and when he checked back a (long) while later it was all extreme racism and other things like that. In light of that, having and actively using an account here doesn't look good for you. Unless you're already actively tainted by this sort of thing or you happen to live in a country where this kind of behaviour is accepted (do those exist?). Pollution is a problem for the whole planet - we already know this. What is the sense in "letting the market decide" (whatever that means. Markets don't make any decisions, but I digress) if we already know the outcome we want. Legislate what we want to do and let's move on with our lives. What is wrong with Mute? I actually really liked how they captured the feeling that goes with living with the kind of liberal arts studiers (it's a bit of a generalisation, but I think it holds) that make a group of people like that. They pretty much nailed the ambiance and the personal interactions, even if they were occasionally a bit overblown. That is something movies do. If you're in the US (I'm going by the reference to a lawsuit), then I don't think it is. This is just the way this company does business and in the states they are free to do so. The kinds of organisations paying literal tons of euros/dollars/whatever to their CEO's? I have yet to find a charitable organisation that doesn't basically funnel my money into the pocket of someone like that. It's (in my view) actually part of a more fundamental cultural issue that glorifies ignorance and faith. Faith is not a bad thing, but you shouldn't base your decisions on it if it is not necessary. Until that issue gets fixed, everyone can start voting democrat (or that other third flavour nobody seems to like) but it won't actually do anything. All the insane people will flock to the democratic party (because that's where all the power is!) and you'll have a new giant problem, just with a different name. A proper one with some kind of meat in it? Or just a bald one with maybe some lettuce in it? Didn't he recently just wake up and decide to fire some rockets on Syria? You call that relative peace? Why are you trying to downplay how incompetent one president it is by highlighting another candidate? Maybe it is true that they would both have been relatively incompetent, but that is not the point being made here. The example you're giving also does not serve to put things in perspective, as it is also an egregious offense. This effort doesn't need to be acknowledged, just like it doesn't need to be acknowledged if you stop for a red light. It's something you should do, nothing more. They will not ask for location like that, because it wouldn't make a difference - EU citizens in a non-EU part of the world still have the rights outlined in the GDPR. The backups that you can retain are hard to justify further back than about a year (if you even manage to do that), and if you ever use them you have to make sure the data that was deleted because of a request before is not in there again. That won't work. They also cannot retain data that could be aggregated to identify you as a person. Anonymising by removing an ID is not actually doing that, it's just theater. The GDPR has provisions for that. Bottom line is: if you start fudging things or working around it, you're going to get fined. If you've never seen any evidence of that, you've not looked very hard: This is what every supermarket does for their filler jobs, and to a lesser extent for their till and other store facing jobs as well. If you're over 18, you have to be very lucky to keep your job (or more realistically, to keep being given work) in such a situation. Outside of supermarkets this sort of practice is also pretty entrenched in a lot of small-medium IT businesses: They have a sizeable portion of their workforce as trainees or whatever (they may be underpaid legally, so they almost always are) and don't hire them after their time is up (ever, as a rule). New trainees are then cycled into the slots that are now vacant. I would posit that if not everyone has access to healthcare, it's not a developed country. You must meet very different teenagers than I do. Every store that has trash work to do here (for which they want to pay as little as possible) has teenagers working for them. The service industry employs them where they can get away with it too. Technology has allowed it basically forever. The trouble is they're annoying to use, so nobody does. As hilarious as this is as a statement, I'd really love to see some backup for this as I just cannot believe this is even close to true. Not if you know what the license actually means, which you will if you did it at a company. You realise that cages for babies are literally a thing already? The only difference is the top is open because actual children cannot fly. I think you also understand already that if you're not properly informed, you're not really consenting. This is like putting super small text in a contract and then saying "but you signed it!". On some level most people feel that this isn't a genuine dealing and that it isn't fair. Let's not muddy those waters by arguing about whether or not US law thinks it's OK to take advantage of people in this way (the only reason I mention this at all is that these discussions usually devolve into that and it's incredibly tiresome). I think I can live with that if the tradeoff means I don't have to deal with literal nazis on the internet. This kind of appeal to authority is not only strictly useless, in this case it's also kind of hilarious in how much you appear to have missed the point. You spent all that time studying, but you never took the time to take a step back and have a more measured response to something you don't agree with? "mindfulness" is precisely the parts of spirituality that could nicely be packaged and sold to people that feel there's something missing from their lives. Now there is this commercial alternative that everyone appears to be in to, and the word is used so much it's basically lost all meaning (to be fair this happens to everything that is over marketed). I don't understand this. Why even mention it in that case? Is it just for marketing reasons? I don't know about the person in question, but in order: * Yes, but the age bracket for me is _very_ wide (it says "alive and not in need of new knees yet probably", but not much more) * They didn't have this info * This was wrong * No, they didn't have this (although the country itself was correct) * Wrong * They did not have this This is for the US, the country that appears to be almost fanatically opposed to making safe cycling paths. Of course you're going to have more terrible accidents then (with or without a helmet). How do you manage to fall face first from a bicycle? It's too late now in any case. Removing them is cute, but in terms of security credentials can only be rotated now. Removing them doesn't help when someone has already pulled that history previously. No, it is typically done with natural gas still (at least, that is the kind I see almost everywhere). A lot of new housing developments use electricity though (occasionally combined with solar heating tanks). My "fast" cycle takes 40 minutes. How is that slow? Sure, if you set it to ultra power saving mode (in my case this is the default) it'll take hours, but that is just the environmentally conscious thing to do. Not to mention it's better for your wallet. In a household full of disease you should be disinfecting (I mean with ethanol, not with soap) your hands before you handle the food anyway. I love that even the new york times is apparently incapable of introducing a cookiebar that conforms to the actual law they're trying to conform to. It's not especially complicated to not give me cookies unless I say I'm OK with receiving them, instead they've gone with the "implied consent" option (again) that is pretty explicitly not consent anymore. A bit more than two notches I'd say. The correlation between those is pretty enormous. If you're managed poorly the grass is almost definitely going to stay greener even when you are also on that other side. You're very blessed if you've never experienced that first hand. How is it racism to say India has a caste system and they've had a lot of practice? It has nothing to do with the colour of their skin (or whatever else you usually base "race" on - I'm not from a culture that uses it like that so I don't understand fully), rather it's a given of the country. It implies he completed 365 chapters but says nothing about repetition of the chapters. It's not true where I am in Europe, this sort of info is accessible to government employees only. Being socially celebrated gets you all the things people teach you mean success as you're growing up: Money, probably a beautiful wife, the admiration of your peers. I agree with you that doesn't have to matter but I don't think you should underestimate how much that flies in the face of what most people have been taught matters most. Atheism says "god does not exist and I'm sure about this". This is exactly like saying "it's impossible for me to win the lottery" - that is the stupid position to take, because you know in this case it is untrue. Anything theological is impossible to prove one way or the other (or at least I've never heard of anything remotely approaching proof) and therefore a position of certainty one way or the other must be lunacy. There's nothing wrong with telling people to be careful, however it is important that you give them a full picture of what went wrong with you so they can avoid it. Otherwise you're just appropriating a past experience to further an agenda. Yes, you should be. You should claim uncertainty about anything you cannot prove in any way, shape or form. It's fine to say you believe something is the case, but at that point you're talking about faith and you don't get to say what a "wrong" position is - it's faith after all. In any case, we're drifting way off-topic here. It's fine if you don't agree with what I think atheism is, although I would be interested to see what kind of definition you base it on. Aside from the definition (this means an outside source, not just something you write down here) I'd also be curious what you see as the difference between agnosticism and atheism. There's a whole slew of arguments that could be made here, but let's keep it simple: Providing anyone with information about me should be a voluntary act. If I choose not to do so, it is none of your or anyone else's business why I do not want to. This choice is not available in the case of UTM's, at least not in a transparent way that doesn't involve manually stripping them from every URL you click (which is sensitive to user error). If you're that paranoid, it's actually not very hard to audit the code in this case. Unless you go so far as to not trust the whole stack it's running on, but in that case you should stop using your browser entirely. For a sane threat model the confidence in your own audit should be reasonably high. The trouble is that they might target a group that you are logged to be a part of. For a concrete example, the reason the Nazis were so successful in finding Jews in the Netherlands is because the government there kept (and keeps, if I'm not mistaken) a list of people and which faith they belong to. That list was then handed over to the invaders, who made really good use of it in the time after. Nobody before that point really stopped to consider whether or not it was a good idea this data existed in the hands of the people that had it. If they did, they probably thought there was nothing to hide (or even that it was a good idea, perhaps). At this point, we should know better. For the ones targeted, there were no bigger problems than the fact that someone had this data about them. You can't receive any actual money (only amazon money, which is much less useful) as a worker outside of the US as far as I know. If you actually care about privacy touching the US in any way, shape or form is very, very dumb. If you care about privacy, don't host it on US infrastructure. There has been so much exposure about this, that should have been enough to teach you not to burn yourself. The only thing which would make that outrageous would be an element of force (which would make it not consent anyway, but I digress). Instead, you're giving an example that explicitly allows for a denial. That's exactly as it always should have been, so I really don't understand what the point is that you're trying to make here.