I don't know what field these languages are "taking by storm" -- it certainly isn't the field of corporate software development. Java and C# have the following advantages: - Familiarity, which means programmers are easy to hire and can finish projects without overcoming a learning curve - A huge amount of high-quality libraries for almost any task - Good IDEs and build tools - The concepts are not exotic. The object-oriented features are now the industry standard. Nobody wants to spend the time to learn these new languages if they don't offer a significant improvement over Java and C#. Of the ones you listed, Scala is the most likely to succeed because it can interoperate smoothly with Java and offers concurrency features that Java does not. Twitter's successful use of Scala has also contributed to the language's popularity. National debt is different from household debt for many reasons, including the fact that the government operates a central bank, prints its own currency, does not have to apply for credit, passes the laws that specify the terms of the debt it owes, etc. Plus, in the case of the United States, the national debt is in the form of one of the safest and most widely held investment vehicles in the world : US treasury debt. To argue that government debt is the not any different from household debt is to ignore all of those things. As a former grad student, I am not at all surprised by this. Academia is a very personality-driven world where prestige, connections, and social capital matter at least as much as the quality of one's work. The prestige, influence, and connections of one's department and dissertation advisor make a huge difference, and the most prestigious advisors tend to work at the most prestigious universities. In a job market with so few openings, especially in the humanities, this clearly has a distorting effect. I suspect that if the job market were not so bad, the effects described in this study would be reduced. I was referring specifically to the academic job market, which is about as bad as it has ever been. In humanities disciplines, there are hundreds more graduates than jobs every year. When I was in graduate school, I was somewhat involved in the process of hiring a few professors. Whoever we would have hired was probably going to get tenure and remain in the department for decades. Intangible personal and interpersonal aspects of the candidates were therefore about as important as the quality of their research, because nobody wants to be stuck working for 20 years with someone they don't feel comfortable with. Naturally, this has a tendency to perpetuate the gender and race imbalances in academia. The C programmers whom I know don't like Go because it doesn't have pointer arithmetic, and the runtime does some "magic" stuff like the goroutines. A lot of C programmers don't really like encapsulation as much as people who are used to object-oriented languages. C++ and Java programmers see Go as an intentionally crippled language without inheritance or generics, which they can't quite wrap their heads around. Java programmers have a very hard time accepting the lack of dependency versioning, and the Go team's insistence that it is not important is mind-boggling to anyone who has been using Maven for years. Ruby and Python programmers see Go as a step back in usability and syntax, and those who have not used a statically-typed language see a lot of boilerplate. On top of all of that, any of the aforementioned ecosystems have a large set of libraries that are widely known and standard in the industry. I like Go, and I think most programmers would like it if they gave it a chance, but I think it challenges too many peoples' preconceptions. Compare that to Scala, which you can sell as "better Java" and get people on board immediately. Have other platforms done this? I'm having trouble thinking of a language toolkit that has dependency management built by the core team. All of these solutions are third-party, they have just become the de-facto standard: Java uses Maven or Gradle: third party Python uses pip: third party Ruby uses gems: third party Node.js uses npm: third party I'm sure I'm missing some, but this seems to be the norm. Go just hasn't been around long enough for a single third-party solution to become the de facto standard. Despite the assertions made in the article, the adjunct system is sustainable, because there is no shortage of naive, delusional people who will complete graduate degrees despite knowing full well the state of the academic job market. I know people stuck on the treadmill of adjuncting, and their resistance to the idea of working outside of academia is amazing. They are still holding out for the impossible. De Anza is one of the better community colleges in an area with high cost of living. In other places, community college instructors make a lot less. Increasing inequality, and a decline of the wages of the middle class, are worldwide phenomena that are occurring in most first-world countries. The effects of trends are currently the most extreme in the United States, but I'd be willing to bet that the US just got here first, and others will follow. I won't pretend that anyone really knows why this is happening (although a few causes seem fairly obvious), but it is clearly a worldwide phenomenon, and looking for causes only in the United States is a bit myopic. If gerrymandering persists, the dysfunction of Congress will also persist, no matter how many members there are. Representatives have no incentives to behave responsibly under the current districting situation. Don't worry about the guy who makes a lot of money today. Worry about his children, and the unearned influence they will have over business and politics. It subverts meritocracy when a large segment of the population inherits enough wealth that they do not have to work, or can get any job they want through family connections without competing. This class of people will tend to favor legislation that reduces social mobility, in order to protect their interests. The trend toward inequality then reinforces itself. By drawing district lines around politically homogenous populations, gerrymandering guarantees that representatives accurately represent the views of their constituents and enables hyper-partisan behavior without consequences. Adding representatives does nothing to change that. 6400 gerrymandered districts will give us the same results as 435. Why would it be surprising? I only turn those off when I get on the plane. Operation staff will immediately start guarding the food bowl as resources become finite. Server provision waits start to seem like breadlines. Power is consolidated with Those Whom You Must Ask. This is the worst part about moving out of the cloud, especially since cloud computing has moved a lot of ops and deployment responsibility to developers. All models are wrong. Some models are useful. Problems occur when people expect the model to correspond 100% to reality, which it was never intended to do. It is confusing the map for the territory. Unfortunately most journalists have this tendency. Rent control is a case of the government forcing landlords to do something that is really the government's job. If the government wants housing to be affordable, it can build more of it, or provide households with tax credits or vouchers to help them afford to pay rent. Vouchers are less desirable than increasing supply, but they cause fewer market distortions and bad incentives than rent control, which is a price ceiling, which we know for sure leads to shortages. Instead of taking on this public policy responsibility, the government of San Francisco has decided to take the easy way out by capping rents on certain units, which unfairly forces landlords to shoulder the burden of a job the government ought to be doing. This incentivizes all kinds of crazy things, including removing housing stock from the market under the Ellis Act. I know people who had their homes re-assessed in 2009-2010 and their property taxes decreased significantly from the pre-collapse amount. The Ivy League has a big problem promoting their financial aid packages. A lot of people don't know that low-income students can attend for free. There is no catch, it really is free, as the article here has mentioned. The Ivy League needs to do a much better job getting the word out about this to the students who might benefit from it. Even during the deepest point of the post-1980s recession, unemployment never exceeded 6%. In fact, the highest level of unemployment Japan has experienced since 1953 was 5.6%: http://www.tradingeconomics.com/japan/unemployment-rate It is interesting that they managed to preserve low unemployment and increase the standard of living during about 20 years of flat economic growth, but they've done it. Part of it can be explained by the fact that layoffs are rare (companies almost always assign employees to do unnecessary work rather than lay them off), but that is not sufficient to explain how Japan maintained the world's second-highest GDP during the "lost decade." Is there any credible evidence for that? Overproduction of PhDs serves the interests of academia, which wants cheap and easily replaceable adjunct labor. Nobody is particularly motivated to change this, not even the adjuncts themselves, because they have convinced themselves that they have a shot at a tenure-track position, which is a remote possibility for most of them. That is one of the few PhD programs whose graduates can find industry jobs, and whose graduates also intend to find industry jobs. There are tons of people in SF and the valley who work even though they have enough money to retire right now. If this was a big problem, we would have found out about it years ago. Once again, instead of responsibly approaching the housing problem by passing measures to incentivize building more supply, the SF government has taken the easy way out by placing more restrictions on what can be done with existing units. This is a convenient regulation for politicians because it appeases certain people and attacks an easy scapegoat, but it will have a minimal effect on the quality and quantity of housing available, and on the price of rent. I'm always impressed by the simple ingenuity of the Doom source code and the immersive environment it creates. Someone needs to fix the contrast on that page. It's very hard to read. If this is really true, it takes some balls to push code to the system that is running the plane that you yourself are flying in. I mean, I've released bugs to production before, but they have never put my life at risk... Has anyone ever cared about a mission statement? Can you provide any evidence for this assertion? Because the OP provided evidence. Even so, $15/hr might be more than the average pay for janitorial work in this area. And there are plenty of working class people living here. Were you under the impression that the working class people you see every day are all living somewhere else? It also prevents coins being dropped while passed from hand to hand. In a county with coins up to about the $5 equivalent, that's pretty useful. How can one expect to have a strong portfolio of work "straight out of high school"? There simply hasn't been enough time to build a strong one. A few student projects or a part-time summer job is quite different from several years of web dev experience, which very few 18-year-olds have. > I don't understand why Go is so insistent that dependency management is something for the community to solve The expectation that every new language should come with a dependency management ecosystem is a bit questionable. A lot of major languages' dependency management solutions were created by the community: Java: Maven, Gradle Python: PIP Ruby: Gems Node.js: NPM Some of these have been adopted by the official language maintainers, but as far as I know, they originated in the community. It's not just the try/catch thing. Ruby code can have a syntax error in a conditional that is rarely true, which may crop up in production from time to time. I've seen it happen many times, including in some popular Ruby libraries. A compiled language would have caught that. And yet, no matter how much you have to complain about, your trains are 10X better than what we have in the US. In Silicon Valley, the high-tech capital of the world, a pedestrian suicide (which happens depressingly often, and therefore cannot be considered an unusual event by the transit planners) brings the entire Caltrain network to a halt for two hours. And by "network," I mean the only line the network has. At least you have other trains to take. > I have no idea why, but with Japanese companies it's a common theme. Most don't even care about overseas expansion, and if they do, it's poorly executed (say, Daihatsu, who dicked around on the European market for decades without ever listening to even trivial customer wishes, and then wrote the whole business off because it "obviously can't work" – well, duh). The Japanese domestic consumer market is so enormous that many Japanese companies are simply not interested in selling their goods internationally, because they don't need to. They can make plenty of money without dealing with the complications of selling their products in other countries. Many are small businesses and are content with making enough money to cover payroll. Shared libraries were considered a bad idea in Plan 9, and I really wish that point of view had made it into commercial Unix and Linux. > EVs need to be able to do 0-60 in 2.8s to be widely accepted?? ryguytilidie's comment, in context, included this explanation: "PR stunts like this get people more interested in a great thing." And yes, products which are new and different generally need good PR in order to be accepted by consumers. Quite a lot of the press is talking about this today, which is what Tesla hoped to achieve. There is also a subreddit for this: https://www.reddit.com/r/churning Most of the examples in the article are about state-owned, state-operated enterprises, such as sovereign wealth funds, utilities, oil and mineral extraction, etc. In fact, I could not find any example of "putting a state-run monopoly in private hands" anywhere in the article. Did you even read it? > According to him, not blindly gifting away the collectively-held public commons into the hands of private capital to sell it back to us is now called "Socialism". That's quite a strawman there. He never argued anything remotely like that. Actually, socialism is a broad enough term to encompass state ownership as well as worker ownership or control. That's true in academia as well as in non-academic discourse. State ownership of major industries, without worker control, often accomplished through nationalization of pre-existing industries, has been a characteristic policy of socialist political parties and governments throughout the 20th century. For example, almost every major industry in the UK was nationalized in the 1940s, and such action was labeled as socialism by both its proponents and opponents. Under this most prevalent usage of the term, state ownership of an electrical utility or a sovereign wealth fund certainly qualifies. Were you under the impression that the author intends to stigmatize anything, or believes that socialism is a bad thing? He is clearly in favor of public ownership. I don't have Waze installed on my phone, and I get alerts in Google Maps that are labeled as coming from Waze, so there is at least some integration. Who is made worse off by the FasTrak HOV lane arrangement? People who can't afford the HOV lanes will remain stuck in traffic like they always were, although there will be less traffic than there used to be, because the people who can afford to use the new HOV lanes are no longer in the normal lanes. Some people are made better off, and nobody is made worse off. Just raise the tolls until the traffic jam goes away. If the revenue is used to build better public transit, most people won't need a car to get to work. A "24-hour train that goes to every business and every home in the area" is not necessary to achieve this. It is very easy to live without a car in many of the cities which implement congestion tolls, and they don't have 24-hour train service straight to everyone's front door. Trains or buses within walking distance of most people's homes and workplaces, which operate from say 5AM to midnight, would be sufficient, and that is exactly what most great cities in the world have. That's only true if driving is the only way to get to work. If people can get to work on public transit, and it costs less than paying the congestion charge, they will use public transit. In other words, the congestion charge is a constraint on traffic volume, just as road supply is, because it changes the equilibrium of supply and demand. It isn't like this is a hypothetical experiment that hasn't been tried. It is a fact that people take public transit when it is easier or cheaper than driving. It has happened in cities around the world. That's the result of a bad design in this particular case, and it isn't inherent to the concept of an HOV lane. It kinda does by definition, actually. Studies have shown that intergenerational social mobility in America since the 80s has been a bit lower than is popularly assumed. Stiglitz's book about this is newsworthy because most people still don't know that, despite the fact that economists and sociologists have known it, and talked about it, and taught it to their students, for decades. This isn't a convincing argument because not every city is like yours. I think it is fairly clear at this point that student loans have worsened the problem they were supposed to solve. The fact that students, most of whom have no assets and have never worked, and cannot prove their future earning potential, can get over $100k in loans that cannot be discharged in bankruptcy just by signing their name, has clearly caused massive distortions in the education market. During the past few decades, the number of administrators in American universities has grown significantly, tuition has risen dramatically, and even public universities are investing in luxury amenities to attract student money, and raising tuition to pay for them. The past few decades have also seen a proliferation of for-profit universities which are being investigated by the government for exploiting students by encouraging them to take out huge loans to pay tuition for programs without any value. They are taking advantage of flawed student aid policy by using the students to take money from the government. None of these things have happened in any other wealthy country, even though those countries have also seen the same shift in the job market that the United States has. This is not a consequence of the changing job market, because if it was, it would have happened elsewhere. It is a consequence of policy choices. The incentives for bad behavior are abundantly clear. In other developed countries, it is harder to get student loans, and easier to pay them back, and college is more accessible to poor students than it is in the United States. That's because public universities in other developed countries have caps on tuition, and students have caps on how much they can borrow, so universities can't use students as a vehicle for diverting government money to themselves. If everyone in a democratic society would benefit from this, it ought to be part of the compulsory education that everyone receives as a teenager. Plus, if we had better junior high and high school educations in this country, we could cut out a lot of the general education requirements in colleges and graduate in 3 years instead of 4. With today's tuition rates, a 3-year degree could represent a substantial amount of money saved for the average student. A lot of people trusted Apple with their photos, and Apple did not release any photos, but that doesn't really matter because they were stolen. A lot of people trusted Ashley Madison, and Ashley Madison did not release any data, but that doesn't really matter because it was also stolen. Given that nobody has invented perfect security, it is reasonable to assume that any data anywhere can be stolen, and therefore you have no control over who accesses it. Why should there be a law about this? If you don't like Facebook's rules, you don't have to use it. Nobody is forcing you to get an account. This is the problem if you want to publish. A lot of journals want .docx or Latex files, not PDFs, and they will simply reject submissions that don't comply with their requirements. It would be nice if journals would accept Markdown, but frankly I don't expect that to happen anytime soon. It makes no difference. The amount of carbon in the atmosphere has not changed. If anything, this might mean that trees are less effective at reducing carbon than we thought, because there are more trees than we thought there were. I use Java/Spring, Ruby, and Node.js in production, and Node.js is by far the hardest to stay up to date with without introducing major problems. The only framework I have used that is harder to update is Finagle. It's not just Node itself to blame. There seems to be a culture of breaking things in the Node.js ecosystem. Breaking changes in third-party libraries are common. I have to specify exact dependency versions in my package.json, and almost every time I update one of them, something goes wrong. Not to mention the government will waste millions of dollars and not get a conviction. I don't think the government could afford to prosecute every white collar crime because of the high cost of doing so. I think that stuff like this and code boot camps, rather than online distance learning, is the real threat to traditional higher education. In my time in academia, I was always struck by how uncomfortable academics were with the idea of university educations being vocational training, rather than education "for its own sake." It's a nice ideal, but almost all students, especially those in STEM fields, are in college to improve their career prospects. But academics are mainly focused on replicating themselves, i.e. focusing on teaching things that are useful to students who plan to attend graduate school in the field, but not useful to the majority of students who do not. This is how we end up with CS grads who can implement obscure data structures they will never use in industry but cannot do practical things like use version control or continuous integration, or write good unit tests. For someone who wants to work in a technical field, I think new programs like this one, or like code boot camps, are becoming increasingly attractive as college tuition becomes more expensive and student loans become more burdensome. If employers are willing to hire graduates of these programs, traditional universities will have trouble attracting students. And they should. I know web devs who have taught themselves CS fundamentals and the stuff you mentioned, but they started with boot camp doing Rails. And why not? They were able to teach themselves this stuff while working for a good salary and getting experience for their resume. I would be very surprised if VW was the only company that did this. I hope this is a catalyst for the EPA to change to real-world emissions testing. I think reddit's issues stem from a simple case of failing to manage expectations -- the users got the idea that Reddit was a bastion of free speech where they could post anything, no matter how offensive. Apparently the corporation never really believed that, despite some of its representatives making statements that seemed to confirm it. Reddit ought to have been more straightforward with its content policy from the beginning. Some would argue that such a policy would have restricted the growth of reddit, but I think that as long as the content policy was not enforced in a heavy-handed manner, it would not have caused issues. Some users seem to feel like they are the true owners of the site, and that the corporation exists to serve them and fulfill their needs. This is another example of the corporation's failure to manage expectations. They seem to have lost control over the site they created. I'm sure Condé Nast has been asking themselves that question a lot lately. From what I know of the car industry, coding standards are very low. I don't think any car companies would look good if their code was audited by professional software engineers in other fields. Even if this is true, and I doubt that it is, it's not really that important. The real question is why people in positions of responsibility didn't prevent it from happening. Every one of your paragraphs contains a strawman. What state is that? > With Chromecast (or something similar to connect your computer to TV), and a decent Antenna, you do not really need anything else. Unless you want to watch a lot of sports. Diffs are a secondary concern. Writing code that is well-structured and readable as it currently exists is the most important thing. I think a lot of people feel trapped in a life of crime by their past, and in the case of the mafia, by most of their friends and family. If they can get a new past and new surroundings, they may take advantage of the chance to live differently. This is a version of the same argument that people make about rehabilitation generally: people with a felony conviction find it difficult to get good honest work, and many revert to living and hanging out with the same kind of people who got them in trouble in the first place. Witness protection is an extreme version of what most rehabilitation advocates are suggesting: an opportunity to start with a clean slate (i.e. no felony record that hurts employment), and avoiding bad influences from one's past. The results of witness protection seem to validate these arguments. Corollary: include an example config file somewhere, so new developers can figure out how the heck to get the app to start up properly. I always do. My company has a canonical .gitignore that we update when we see things in git repos that should not be there. It now contains all of the stupid hidden project directories for all of the major IDEs, build artifacts we don't want, and a bunch of other stuff. I highly recommend this approach. The try block method would be considered bad in most languages, and I hope it is considered bad in Python as well. Using exception handling as part of a normal flow of control is bad style, bad taste, and bad for performance. EDIT: I'm glad to see the Python documentation addresses this: https://docs.python.org/2/faq/design.html#how-fast-are-excep... It would not surprise me to see an Apple ARM chip in future Macs. The improvement to battery life would be huge. As with the Intel transition, I bet Apple already has OS X running on ARM chips. The biggest problem would be to get third-party software developers to port to ARM, especially the major ones like Adobe. Microsoft already does a lot of work for ARM, so the barrier to getting Office running on OS X on ARM might be pretty low. I hope that Docker will increase the popularity of languages like Haskell by taking away most of the problems with deployment and dependency management. If I can just create a Docker container for my ops team to deploy, without them needing to know what is inside of it, I can pretty much use any language I want. > It's less toxic than tobacco smoke. Sure, but if it is still toxic, I shouldn't have to breathe the secondhand smoke. Smokers can do what they want to their own lungs, but I don't want to be on an airplane or a bus breathing in that stuff. Are you suggesting that arguments for banning secondhand smoke in public places are equally valid arguments for banning flying and driving? > I understand that you may find e-cigarette smoke annoying but that's not a sufficient reason to ban something in a free society. Of course it is! We ban a lot of things that are annoying. We have noise ordinances and various other public nuisance laws, as do all other free societies. The difference is that vaping only benefits the vaper, but the harms caused by vaping affect everyone. In contrast, everyone in society benefits from the mobility and economic activity facilitated by transportation. Even if you never drive a car, take a bus, or even leave your house, you are better off because of cars, busses, trains, and airplanes because of the increased economic growth they facilitate. The benefit and the harm are both fully socialized. You think your ops team really knows what they are pushing? Whether you are deploying jar files, Debian packages, or Docker containers, or whatever else, the ops people rarely look inside. Their main concerns are security and performance, and those can be audited using black-box testing. Code quality has to be enforced by engineers, because ops people are not capable of doing code reviews. Not entirely. A lot of universities get taxpayer money to do research, and $1m is not out of the normal range for research funding in science and technology. If Tor should be robust against strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics, it needs to be tested by strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics. Yep. In most of the cities I've lived in in California, backyard fires have been completely banned, and fireplace fires have been restricted. > Law, not wealth, should give rights the people. Why do you think you have a right to live in a home that someone else owns, and to control the price they can charge you? People think playing the "devil's advocate" card exempts their poor arguments from criticism. It doesn't. Just ignore it, and when you fix it, select the affected lines and use the auto-indentation feature. Why do you care how it ends up being indented before you fix it, if you are paying so much attention to the stuff you are trying to download from your head? If it has always been known, then why is it making so much news? Tor's purpose is to anonymize traffic. What is it good for, if it can't do that? > Downvotes in response to an honest, well-formed, well-founded argument are the lowest form of criticism. I agree, which is why I singled out poor arguments in my comment. In Mountain View, 24 in a 35 zone will cause traffic jams and road rage. It's a busy place. It's a matter of public safety. Holding up a line of cars is likely to result in road rage, or an accident. It's also very rare for slow drivers to get ticketed. And it integrates well with other software. They constantly mention the safety of their cars as a selling point. It's not surprising that they want to take care of this as quickly as possible, before it damages the brand. On the other hand, the parents are outliers, and rose above their peers. Would you expect them to be happy if their children were mediocre? After all, what are genes for? Nope. We use rather expensive toilet paper advertised by cartoon bears. I would imagine that recruiting is harder for Yahoo than retention. It must be very difficult for them to attract good people, at all levels of the organization. > I foresee something alike the split of nurses and nurseaides happening to software developers. There'll be a few software developers capable of understanding computing from A to Z who will write the libraries and the tools, and everybody else will be a consumer of these tools writing apps for the end users. I think that's already happened to some extent, as the proliferation of coding boot camps demonstrates. On the other hand, a lot of the tools currently in use require a great deal of programming knowledge from users, e.g. Hadoop.