Let it prove something first then we have something Not yet but in like 5 years yeah, pretty sure IPad Pro is faster than MacBooks just 3 years ago Don't try to please everyone What's a Quine Just use the normal git fallback command Oh, that's why it got shut down. Thanks What are they used for? A required part for a time machine?? Depends where you work, some will help you gradually learn new stuff. But if you are a contractor, you'd need to learn to keep up. That's why hey are paid more Tell me when there is actually a useful computer, otherwise it's all talk and no action I find if there is a big contrast in noises, say if the office is usually quiet and a coworker starts making noises, they are more distractive than if in a constantly noisy environment and a loud coworker makes noise. I would say the contrast is a huge factor as the article seem to suggest Docker SHALL NOT run databases in production, by design." You need to use external volumes Cease fire is used to buy time, most times both sides understands this I would just buy a good value stock that gets whacked and 2 days after trump wins, and hold for long. What infuriates me more is the people jumping to conclusion about their futures They use rubber gripper to spin each side and known algorithms to solve. The hard part is the speed of the visual recognition. Is methane from cows counted towards a deficit in the carbon trade? Because it's cumbersome-ness decreases usage Very nice coin term for just another deep learning method Weren't people still trying to adapt to angular 3? Last time I checked a week ago 3 of my friends brought a MacBook Pro as long time of users. So you got new users and so called "loyalist" leaves For learners, finishing matters because: 1. The learning you get from going thru whole cycle is valuable for next projects. Even if you release a few turds. Say you release an iOS app as a measure of finish. For veterans, finishing does not matter because: 1. If you see a piece a piece of turd and not able to say no to it, you will probably be wasting valuable time finishing to save face as the author may suggest. --- Is like in war, you need to know when to retreat, and cut losses(save your time and not finish). That's the perplexing part is when to retreat at the right time. They will be exported because the capital isn't readily available there to bring these ppl together in one place. Didn't want to read, at what temperature? Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. They are as secure as the words on that page that they wrote the security on. Can you really trust it? Lol there is no alternative, unless you don't care for any of macOS's features that makes it so great. Seem like a fancy name for parallel computing chip that specialize in efficient parallel computing Maybe old food has more chance to accumulate crap in their system, thus eating it will be worse Reads like a blanket statement Sometimes I come directly and read the comments to deduct a summary instead Aside from the "science" that happens inside the body, has there. Has there been an overall study where you compare the overall life span of a twin? If you are fasting like a 3rd worlder, their mortality rate seem high. What accuracy people care is the car that you have just ordered. The other times when you see a map of cars you can get away 80% of the time using averages What do you guys actually do? If you can find someone to look up to and try to get to their level, that may be one motivation. Also think of somethings you want to change in this world and work towards it. Sarcasm much? I saw th video and it wasn't that disrepectful if you were a normal person, but since he is the CEO of some mega corp, any slight temperament in a bad way will get you this PR If that is the best shot Lyft has, it would seem futile Pump and .. People using 10x leverage to get homes, what do you expect? It still infuriates me when I use a windows PC computer. No complaints here as a Mac user. Don't look too deep, your Mac works. Journalists is crying foul over MacBook specs but to me it still just works great. A house without plumbing In other words, we have a faster server chip coming The issue is the dependence of code completion, google, and IDEs that writes boiler plate code for you, and companies just use stupid services like hackerrank to test algorithm implementations, which has to run and compile properly u see that environment. Then the interviewer should explicitly say he wants to know your thought process too. 99% of them just say code this and let me know when you are done These take home projects are a bit inconsiderate to a candidates time. I've done a few and if you don't watch your time. You could be spending 5-6 hours just trying to please people You need tolls but with public transit upgrades Should have been banned long ago, why would they have allowed an app to alter major behaviors post review? Someone trying to give them the Koolaid Isn't this how magic leap got started? Low valuation at first then bigger and bigger.. This is a pointless argument, we all know AI is all about thought. If a person can't move does he still have intelligence? I have a 2016 pro and only annoyance is touch bar glitch and accidental touches sometimes. The issue with ports isn't an issue if you just think about it. Is like having 4 USB 3.0 ports and complaining about it Use glass sword on lord British All the counterfeit talk, what is out there that is less counterfeit and as convenient? Lets hear some fine alternatives The UI is excellent, you can pause, go back and the cues are great to capture attention How is returning money to investors so investors can invest somewhere else be productive in the Apple sense? If they acted on that reasoning they would do donations I think rest in human term is different than machines. Also, that is just a cleanup mode, machines can induce that with or without "rest" People critique this piece as inaccurate but should instead should realize the way to attract attention is to get you first to read it. It then gets people talking. If you really get his point, he meant drinking juice that filters out the pulp isn't as good as filtered, and maybe harmful given that example he noted. It happens all the time even in small scale. One of the food fests for example, when I got there, there were foods that had nothing to do with the theme and they started mark up prices on the spot because there wasn't enough. Never mind I had to pay to get in on the first place and the food was horrible. If they pay, it gives them more reasons to come back next year to another studio and go for another round, thus it becomes part of a yearly recurring expense every studio must account for in their balance sheets lol In other words, rest. All those things you propose are controlled by individual companies or the government. Musk is only doing what he thinks he can to reduce traffic. Yes, as soon as they sense competition from electrical vehicles That's no excuse Short version - they fixed an issue but the fix had dependencies To summarize, is genius because it keeps devs happy. It's an apple move Let's just look at big picture on what actuall affects stock prices over log run: a good company is be found out eventually Maybe one of those flying alien viruses from Alien: Covenent will come out The video/onboard tried too cute to make the Travel mode = off a confusing ambiguity by making just gray. If you don't want to waste people's time make things explicit. The royal family there that has military there owns England They don't understand the move probably the AI has a memory depth that is way beyond any human, some of those moves are the best possible look aheads for that situation I can imagine the founders or investors going " hey! bad publicity is good publicity, let's ride it out" without an exit plan American prison is actuall not a system but a culture. Think of how hard it is to change a culture, you probably need new leadership with enough power like a CEO at Microsoft to do something drastic in a reasonable amount of time, say 10 year frame. Ppl keep saying a lot without even thinking is a relative term. For images a lot means enough to get to x percentage accuracy, for OCR for a single font, a lot means 26 letters + special chars and numbers. Stop saying a lot blindly like every one underatands. Horror show Only certain things can be borrowed, like one time use things. If it's long term, it's be a better investment to buy than to pay each time The risk is if you buy and continues to fall to 0.02 cents and stays there. In the normal stock market, this is an action called Taking out the Stops. Market makers can know where stops are placed so they may sell some to get it to hit those prices and have stops automatically trigger Doesn't macs firewall do the same thing for blocking apps? Maybe the more you eat the more chance you eat crap that is adverse to your health hence the variations Network latency This isn't profound because a phone is made to distract you, or from a business view, get your attention Still can't make a (edit-added SKYPE.) call from contacts app in iOS. What's so hard about that? Anything that promises a rate higher than what govt can promise is a scam. Ie tbills Engineering is basically how to be solving problems given constraints and how to properly solve it. I think breaking down the problem in small steps is the method to use to get you 80% of the work done in 20% of the time. Claiming something is secure is more like claiming an over unity perpetual machine The title should say "..more productive - For Me" I was sold on Forking, I'm sure no pun intended Working from home messes you up in more ways than you notice. One is that you tend to eat more and the other thing is it can stress you your will power bencause ther are so many distractions. One last thing is you move walk around as much as you do, your brain needs blood flowing, oxygen. Ever heard of drowning causing brain damage? Extreme analogy but that's because of lack of oxygen, I'm sure less than optimal oxygen can't be as good Lol, knowing the route means you can do the job. Some would think when we are trying stuff or planning for a project is not getting things done,but the act of planing the right path could get you to point B faster than if you just heads down code and feel productive. Unless it can only become one of the properties at one time Your attention is now helping how the corporation want you to use your time to help them make money. It all seem like a win win but your share of win is much lower. You miss out on introspection of yourself or other matters, that's just the tip or the iceberg Head gets hit repeatedly. That's the most complex and delecate organ in your body. I don't know live appendages that can take hits repeatedly without any long term side effects. Money talks in the NFL, so as long as that gets passed around, they are not taming it down unless the govt steps in Easy for a iphone tapper in to say until it affects you ARKits ease of use and is way ahead of vuforia. The advantage of ARKit is also OS integrated. Teslas travel network involving Autonomous driving, Boring and hyperloop network. How about the one trait that is always underrated - Luck You'd be even more sick from trying to check your FB for Apple Watch when fb notice the trend to use watch only. So if they missed a small pack of drugs that some slipped in there, some ones life is ruined Must be the software detecting certain patterns to trigger certain functions. Fake the sequence of patterns and you can control some outcomes.