For a few years now, I've been working on an autonomous vehicle ( https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile ) that some friends and I hack on. We just recently hit what I'd call 1.0 in terms of a huge system refactor to make the entire system much more robust and testable. I started working on this recently: https://github.com/joshuamorton/tut , and might go back to it. After seeing Kenneth Reitz's Pipenv I wanted to do something similar but a bit more extensive that included testing tools and some other stuff. And tut is the WIP result. Think Cargo for python. Heh, we're a student organization, so there's lots of membership turnover, and that forced us to really upgrade our documentation and build tools over the last year to prevent all kinds of weird issues and allow quick onboarding. I made it my mission over the last year or so to build something better than rosunit and rostest, because having to more or less copy launch files for every test seems arduous. I ended up with the test_utils library that we'll probably spin off into its own package soon, but its a much, much nicer interface for writing tests for ros, and at this point seems to be relatively stable, with one or two minor changes I need to make. Glad its helpful! Neither could I, but that was also well beyond the scope of my Google interviews. > That is, I'd conjecture that the good developers who can (or want to) memorize algorithms and regurgitate basic CS knowledge are one kind of capable dev, and the good developers who rely on tools to a greater degree are another kind of dev. Call them types A and B. I really dislike this characterization. I'm a googler. I've never tried to, or needed to, memorize algorithms. I don't know if this characterization comes from misunderstanding, rationalization, or what, but in my experience at least, neither do most of my coworkers. That is, I at least don't recall a rote algorithm when interviewing In fact in one of my interviews (not at google, but I could see a similar question happening there) I had to derive a solution to a problem in a space I was totally unfamiliar with (locking and multithreading). It seems like, if you assume (incorrectly) that somehow you can't cheat the system, Google is selecting for people who can solve unfamiliar, complex, problems by applying first principles. That is, I think, orthogonal to the idea of 'theoretical or practical' computer scientist. Indeed we do. So, I think my biggest issue with your A/B dichotomy is that I don't see it. That is, in school, in myself, in coworkers, there isn't this large group of people who are trying to do all the theory at the expense of practicality, as opposed to this group of stuff-accomplishers who aren't theoreticians. I mean, occasionally those people exist, both the "fuck it I'm going to sit down and type until it works" people and the "I must understand this concept before I write a single line of code" people. But as you say, everybody is a mix of both, and I think most people are nearer the middle than the sides, which makes the possibility of mild bias towards one side or the other a lot less harmful than you maybe expect. Interesting, when I read those answers, what I see is more or less people saying "management can sometimes be downright bad, and is often stupid". I very much doubt that many of the people (broadly) deciding which products to support and which to drop were hired via a new-grad-like interview process. For things like moonshots/other bets, the "build something awesome but don't monetize it" makes a lot of sense, since the entire point of that division seems to be "build something awesome and see if it is sustainable too". More often than not, unfortunately, the answer is no. In fact, if anything, I'd reverse the cause and effect in your idea. If we presuppose that there is this dichotomy in people and it affect google's motives and goals as a company, then this would influence the tech hiring practices to be the way they are, not vice versa. If you check hacker news and reddit threads from the original posting, that note wasn't on the article when it was originally posted. It was only added later, but apparently still before anyone archived it. Edit: I'm mistaken, however I'll say what I said then again: The note does nothing to show that he actually understands the statements he's making. The note gets the definition of turing completeness wrong too . Except that the original statement isn't really that you can't write a python2 interpreter in python3. In fact, I'm quite sure that those exist somewhere on github, but that there wasn't some kind of transparent interop between py2 and py3. That is, why can't the cPython3 implementation of the python3 language also execute python2 code? To which I think the simplest response is "why can't the gcc implementation of the C++ language spec link arm-compiled C++ and x86-compiled C++?" numpy on pypy may well solve that issue for python though. Pypy is as fast as or faster than c/c++ in some applications/benchmarks. And with python (or interpreted langs in general) you gain a repl, a shorter write -> compile -> test loop, and generally speaking a higher rate of development. I'd agree though, I do want some way to deploy a "python binary" that isn't essentially a virtualenv. I don't know what this statement is supposed to mean, could you rephrase or elaborate? (am googler, but don't work with any of the mentioned products) Keep in mind that all of these products in many cases compete with other companies (music -> spotify, apple, ytr -> netflix/hulu originals, kinda, YTL -> twitch, YTTV -> cable providers). I, as a consumer, wouldn't want these things to all be bundled. I use spotify for my music, and I don't want to have to pay for Play Music or youtube red unless I use those services. I can't even imagine how some kind of "unified google media" thing would work. Right, but from my perspective as a consumer, at least right now, the only service I'm even remotely interested in is YTTV, and the reverse would be even worse. If I didn't want the YTTV package, there's no way I'd pay $40/mo for play music or whatever. A la carte models are a lot more efficient, the reason I don't like cable (and comcast) is because of bundled services, why on earth would I want to move to another, even more bundled, service? Plus you've only handled the subscription portion, even if somehow we fix that. Where do I view this content? Is there a unified media dashboard that connects to 3 parts of youtube, play, and such? I guess my basic point is that these services seem useful for entirely different groups of people. Why would consumers want them bundled, either technically or economically, and similarly, why would Google? Right but I think that most people have used a bank, telphony company, or prescription drugs in the past. OTOH, depending on how loosely or tightly you define what snapchat is ("ephemeral image communication platform", "image communication platform", "communication platform", "social media", "news aggregator"), there are huge groups of people that have never used snapchat or any competing products. There are lots of people in the US who have never used snapchat, instagram (stories), whatsapp, or even facebook messenger (the app specifically), which are the closest comparisons to snapchat. I think that's the point. They have extremely powerful targeting data: geolocation. Afaik, one of snap's biggest revenue sources is geolocked filters. (note I'm not the original commenter). I currently have fb messenger, snapchat, groupme, and twitter on my phone. I mainly use the first 2. I've never used whatsapp or instagram at all. Jits are magic man. Like I said, it depends on the application. For numerical-heavy code, where you're going to be using numpy hooking into MPI or LAPACK, C or similar code will win, it takes more advantage of things. For more complex code, say a webserver, pypy can compete and win, because pypy gets the advantage of, after the jit warms up, essentially profile guided optimization, which means that pypy can, assuming there's some kind of loop (there always is), optimize the hot code paths, and the surrounding code to abuse hot code paths, and it can optimize the hot code paths really really well, better than gcc could normally, because it has additional information (pypy knows how the code is being used at runtime, whereas gcc only knows what information is available to the compiler: types and directives really). Few other apps that I'm aware of provide live advertisements for events happening nearby as part of your natural use of the app in a really noninvasive way, and provide incentive to share those advertisements. Snapchat geofilters are non-invasive and will be seen in normal app use, but don't really bother you. They can inform you of events happening nearby or, if you're at an event, you can use the geofilter when snapping, which shows your friends that you endorse the event/product/whatever, in a totally transparent, opt-in way. That's super powerful. I really want to see some comments from SREs (or similar) at major companies on this. It seems like a lot have a rollback first, ask questions later policy, and I'd love to hear about how they mitigate or flat out avoid the problems described in this article, or if I'm just mistaken. I think a big problem now is that the sites are capable of tricking people. That is, if you have a "turing test" for reliable content website, blogspam.forums.net with 2000 backlinks and such obviously doesn't pass. On the other hand, Reuters.com does. But so does theonion, and Breitbart and random_russian_conservative_propoganda_site.us, and so it becomes a lot harder to differentiate the good from the bad without explicity curating by experts, because the sites can trick non-domain-expert humans, so what hope does a bot that hasn't tried to learn domain expertise of the topic have? No, that was valid, concise, actionable feedback. Your original post was flippant and was not actionable. Although since gpkit almost assuredly uses the cPython c abi, and there is no emscripten backend for cPython, even this (much less flippant and much more actionable and valid) feedback isn't actually actionable because you cannot execute python+some c module using emscripten. I think its just as easy to memorize 'design' questions as 'whiteboard' questions. Not every whiteboard question is "implement a linked list", in fact I'd argue that's very rarely the case (or maybe I'm wrong and I've been insulated from these interviews). Most of my whiteboard interviews have involved a relatively small amount of actual coding (I think I had one question that was more than ~15 loc in python, and I've interviewed a few times). The rest was taking a relatively abstract problem presented in English and understanding it, removing ambiguities, and discussing tradeoffs with the interviewer. After that, a recursive function or a hash map or whatever is really easy. >>Therefore it was showing signs of not scaling. Perhaps, although it seems as though it was less "not scaling" and more "someone exploited our system to spin the CPU" from my reading of the thread. >"flippant" means "not showing a serious or respectful attitude" And I hold to the claim that a 2 word response to an ask HN is absolutely flippant. Please explain to me what is actionable about "Doesn't scale"? That is a problem. Or, well, it could be a problem, it might not be a worry for them, but lets assume it is. "Doesn't scale" isn't actionable. Had your second post been the only post you made here, I don't think we'd be having this discussion, because while in this case it turns out to be not very helpful, it is at least actionable. They can look into emscripten and python, see that it probably won't work in this case, and move on. "Doesn't scale" doesn't do that. Its the difference between feedback that is "you have a lisp" and "you have a lisp, try practicing speaking lyrically or rhythmically and it might disappear." It might help, it might not, but its actionable. "you have a lisp" isn't actionable. I'll quote the Show HN Guidelines: >Instead of "you're doing it wrong", suggest alternatives. When someone is learning, help them learn more. As for what you think of my comment, I have a few objections to your statement: 1. I don't actually see an 'ad hominem' anywhere, I only commented on your original comment and how your feedback was unhelpful. No commentary on the user, only the content. Please specify where I did, because I would prefer to not go around attacking people on HN, even unintentionally. 2. I went so far as to complement your second post and say that it was an example of good feedback. 3. You didn't post a Show HN, there are no guidelines on my feedback to you ;) That said, if your emscripten suggestion was made in good faith and not just a CYA "suggestion", I apologize, I misread your tone. And like I said "you have a lisp" isn't actionable feedback. It is a factual statement, but it suggests no action, and in fact, the person with the lisp likely already knows. Because "it doesn't scale" doesn't imply that you need to increase capacity right now. "It doesn't scale" could mean that "this will be problematic when you have 2,000,000 users", or as you used it, it could mean "I can't get to your site right now". Personally I don't consider "it doesn't scale" to mean "I can't use your app right now". Which comes back to my core point, once again, that your original post, "Doesn't scale", isn't actionable feedback, it didn't clearly convey any immediate problem nor did it provide a clear action to follow. The fact that you've had to clarify your post to multiple other users should be evidence of that. How do you mean? By "removal of ambiguity", I'm talking about when someone poses a problem like "Write a function to recognize an IP Address". My first thought is then "ipv4 or ipv6", because that problem is underspecified, and I don't want to inadvertently solve the incorrect problem (which is kind of a case of the xy problem) Or similarly, the application is multithreaded and the list length at `idx = randint(list.length)` time is greater than the next line `obj = list[idx]`, when you pick one of the last few indices and objects are removed. >The fallout of these disclosures potentially contributed to a building coup attempt in Turkey by forces loyal to the US (which the US tacitly supported) that burst just a week after the disclosures. I thought the conclusion was that that coup attempt was more or less theater by Erdogan. Organized with his approval and prior knowledge, destined to fail, and used to enact martial law. (am google) To be fair, if you use google maps, and don't have any ethical issues with helping googler, you do get a return on investment, in that you get improved ML capabilities and improved address recognition in google maps. (disc: googler) How could you make an open standard for this? Do you mean an open standard for apps-in-email? Or an open standard for doing things in gmail? I've used discord. My family is never going to use discord or a discord-like app. For that, we need sms or MMS. One of the problems with discord is that it becomes very bloated to use (fromm mobile). It takes 3-4 interactions to get to the friends list so I can message someone. With sms/mms/allo/fb messenger, I open the app and my friends list is just right there, staring me in the face. Optimized for different usecases comes to mind. I was speakng about android. I think there's a vast difference between 0 and 2-3 interactions. I mean in many ways, Discord is 2 apps in one, you swap between them by swapping between the servers and friends views, and I think its worth recognizing that fact. Choose your own adventure books are still reading though. I think that there's also a much more similarity with analyzing a novel than reading one for pleasure. Reading code has a much greater mental tax than pleasure reading, it requires more focus to actually put together what's going on, and that's similar to analyzing a novel for a report, where you might read the same passage 4-5 times, taking notes. Or even better yet, analyzing a poem, which are often short (and often obey 80 char line width rules!) and analyzing them can require a great amount of focus and thought to decide why a poet used this word in this way, and what meaning they intended to convey and such. That's much more similar to reading code than reading a novel, and I expect also less common. So what counts as evidence? Differences in hiring rates, different percentages of the workforce, pay gaps, lack of advancement, mountains of anecdata? Because it seems like when confronted with data, people are quick to shout "correlation" and "cultural factors". How exactly is farting inappropriate? Right, but I'd argue that doing that is also something that could be construed as harassing your coworkers. Perhaps not in the common usage sense, but certainly in the "spitting on someone is assault and grabbing a coworkers ass is sexual harassment" sense. I wouldn't consider letting out a fart anymore inappropriate than excusing oneself to go to the bathroom, but doing either in a way that you know will disrupt and cause coworkers discomfort is inappropriate and harassing, not because of the act itself, but because of how you handle it. Its worth pointing out that this doesn't help you much. I have 3-4 email addresses, from @gmail to @myuniversity to @mywebsite. I send and receive all of my mail from a Inbox though. Well I didn't really have a point to be made, just a general informational statement. However, claiming that I'm violating your trust if you send me an email is a bit of a strong statement, don't you think. You said >I might be misplacing my trust and share things with people who end up sharing it with third parties, violating my trust I take that as "If I send an email to someone and they share it with third parties, they are violating my trust...Google/gmail is one such third party." I think it is worth noting for everyone that this really is a form of impostor syndrome, and people should take note that even someone who is very highly regarded is susceptible to that kind of thing. For what its worth, having dabbled in some visualizations of concepts, its really difficult, and I didn't find that the available tools were well suited for mathematical visualization. Its really unfortunate that to be able to present something intuitively, there's a very high technical skill floor as well as a relatively high artistic floor. Time I need to spend managing clients is time I don't spend on self improvement or development. I'd prefer to specialize and be a better software developer than a decent software developer and mediocre client wrangler. I think the fact that you call java not-compiled, but python interpreted shows your misunderstanding in this area. Both run exactly the same way, they are compiled into an intermediate bytecode which is run in a "VM". The normal Java VM has a JIT, the normal python VM does not, but pypy does and achieves performance on par with some of your compiled languages, at the cost of reduced c compatibility. I know C, Java, python, and a limited amount of javascript and go. I prefer writing python. And, for plugins, there are enormous downsides to using something that is compiled (C, go). that was a typo. "not-interpreted" was my intended statement. And I'd love for you to show me a python variant that is compiled in the same way that C is compiled. The closest is nuitka, which...isn't. I have two chrome profiles on my work desktop. One, my work profile has gmail, calendar, drive, keep, spotify, and fb messenger pinned. The other has nothing pinned, but is logged in to reddit, hn, my personal email, youtube, etc. I get my work done and no one seems to care. As the other user mentioned, those are compiled in the same way java is compiled, but not in the same way that C is compiled. They still need an intermediate VM to run. It is about 80% an instance of the sunk cost fallacy, but RSU payout is based on past performance, so higher performing employees will be granted more RSUs. That means that if you got a 10% RSU bonus over average due to performance, you'd be losing out on a portion of your compensation for your past work. Also there's something to be said for "the mirage I know is better than the mirage I don't know". Although in general I'd agree, if you're capable of performing well at one of the big guys, you can probably go to any of them, and get a starting bonus to offset your "losses". Lower than in Bay/NYC, but still good, partially offset by the lower state tax rate, and (signing) RSUs aren't any lower than in the Bay, which means that take home pay for someone in Colorado after rent can be higher. A good place to start would be poking around github for "CS 2110 gatech gameboy". CS2110 is the intro-to-low-level course at Georgia Tech, and about the middle third of the course could be described as "getting comfortable with C syntax in the completely foreign environment of a gameboy advance by writing games". As a result, there are some provided libraries that are very extensive. For everything else, there's tonc. Most of the time the course doesn't cover the more advanced features (mode 0? or was it 4, or 6 that did sprites and textures) but it was a fun introduction to something, and I got to write flappy bird in C when flappy bird was still culturally relevant. Take a look at SQLAlchemy/django's ORMs. Personally I have two uses, one is in proprietary code, but the idea is basically use python to generate json, but allow incoherence of json pieces via natural python flows. (metaclasses specifically allowed me to reverse the flow of creating objects, so that visually, code wouldn't look like inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) outer = JsonObject(config, children=[inner1, inner2]) but instead class outer(JsonObject): inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) _config = config ish. With this isn't not clear why this is important, but with highly nested structures, having the python code visually mirror the output in terms of nesting is really nice. The second is at https://github.com/gtagency/pyrostest/blob/master/pyrostest/... . This isn't strictly necessary, but "The documentation states that all test_* methods in a RosTest subclass spin up roscore" is a lot simpler and safer than "if you forget to add `RosTest.setUp()` and `RosTest.tearDown()` at the beginning and end of all of your setUp and tearDown methods, your tests will fail. (and further, future invocations of tests may fail until you run something like `killall -9 roscore && killall -9 rosmaster` in shell because you've unintentionally broken your environment." Generally speaking, Metaclasses allow you to make better user interfaces for developers, and avoid the repetitive kinds of things you encounter in "enterprisey" code. Specifically, they allow you to make interfaces much more declarative than you otherwise could (ie. the SQLAlchemy example of "this is a table and here are its columns" vs. "My table is a function that takes in some stuff and magic happens within it") You'll get surprises such as your subclass being indexable when you (probably) don't want that. I actually wanted prepare in production, because it would have allowed me to override the class dict with an ordereddict, which was a more preferable solution to making output jsons deterministic than just sorting the components, but you do what you can. As for init subclass, if you're alright with a DSL that does weird things with the class line, it can be useful, as an example applied to SQLAlchemy, they could do this (in pseudo sqla): class MyTable(Table, primary_key='uid'): uid = Column(int) which would enforce via the api that there can only be 1 primary key. How do you mean? So for prepare, imagine you have a class whose entire job is to be serialized to some external format. I'll use json, but it could be csv, yaml, whatever. Heck, maybe you're doing code generation and its a group of functions that will be placed into another file. Say I have an instance of this class: class JsonObject(Serializable): key = "value" second_key = "second_value" This gets serialized to { JsonObject: { key: "value", second_key: "second_value" } } Except that sometimes what you get is { JsonObject: { second_key: "second_value", key: "value" } } Minor, but important, difference. Python stores object attributes in a dict. Python's dicts are unordered, and so when serializing, the order that things are printed in is undefined behavior. That means that now instead of just using a normal diffing module, you need to write some json-differ that parses and compares the json, and you lose the ability to do side-by-side comparisons. So you want deterministic, ordered, output generation. Now, to be clear, you could model your api like this: output = JsonObject() output.append(key="value") output.append(second_key="second_value") And that works well for this simple example, but as soon as you start nesting things, it gets confusing, so just assume that for reasons you want this DSL for code generation. You have 3 options: 1. Create some determinism: your serialize function looks something like this (pseudopython): def serialize(self): for k, v in self.attrs: write(jsonify(k, v)) A fix is really easy: def serialize(self): for k in sorted(self.attrs.keys): write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Not bad, but a few problems, you can't customize the output order, everything now needs to be comparable, and its a smidge slower, especially for really big objects (remember: you're writing a DSL for generating large serializable things, there's a good chance you'll want to have some way to autogenerate large quantities of data to be serialized). 2. add an `_order` attribute to your class, then your serialize method becomes def serialize(self): for k in self._order: write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Well, now you have to forward declare everything, which is kinda annoying, you're populating your namespace with crap (what if your generated json/python/whatever needs a `_order` attribute!), and if you ever forget to update your order attribute, your stuff doesn't work write. 3. Replace your class's dict with an OrderedDict. Now, you've done some dark magic to do this, but you don't need to forward declare, your users control the output order naturally in a way they expect, and you don't have to sort a bunch of things every time you want to serialize any data. (admittedly python 3.6 I think voids this issue by making the class dict and OrderedDict anyway, but that's technically an implementation detail) Does that make sense? Exactly. You probably don't want this thing that is essentially a namespace to be indexable, but you index into it, which is a bug, but it quacks like a tuple, so your mistake propagates silently, which is a bad thing . Its more permissive than one would expect. Although the bigger issue is what dragonne mentioned. Note that this says "per expert". I'm not sure what exactly you'd consider an "expert", but I think a reasonable definition of "expert" could result in your average expert being a million-dollar-a-year engineer. Except that there's no such thing as the field of "AGI" (or if there is, its a subfield of philosophy). Asking modern ML and Deep Learning researchers about their thoughts on AGI is like asking the wright brothers about a mars mission. Sure, they're the closest thing we have to "experts", but there's not just one, but likely 5 or 10 more field, if not world-changing leaps we need to make before the technologies we have will resemble anything like AGI. And that's ignoring the people who ascribe diety-like powers to some potential AGI. Air gap the computer and control the inputs and outputs. We can formally prove what a system is capable of. That fixes the problem. You don't need to prove anything about an AGI system if you can prove things about its I/O capabilities. I recognize that proving things about machine learning models is very hard, I tried to do some research in that area and got practically no where. And I think you and I have very different definitions of Rigorous. Like I said, unless you'd take Wilbur Wright's thoughts on a mars mission seriously, I don't think you should give much thought to Geoff Hinton's thoughts about when we'll get AGI, and I say that having enormous respect for him and his achievements. (and using him as a simple example) Its pseudoscience. We're notoriously bad about predicting the future. I don't see any reason to trust people going on about the dangers of AGI any more than the futurologists of my parents generation, who predicted flying cars and interstellar travel, but missed smartphones. Perhaps, but if the alternative is either incredible fear of the technology, or the technology potentially killing humanity, then "making great strides in a select few fields" seems quite good. This is also true. You see all of these things like Hawking and Musk talking about the AI Apocalypse (when they aren't even experts in the field), and it gets people scared when, at this point, there's very little reason to be. On the other hand, I don't actually know Hinton's opinion on these things, and he might agree with me (in which case, you absolutely should listen to him!). But instead the loudest voices are perhaps the most ridiculous. That said, I do think that if I asked you to make a bet with me on when we would approach with even 50% confidence, your error bars would be on the order of a century. An airgapped computer is not going to be capable of taking over the world. Further, Turing completeness is not required to be "useful". You can get to the moon without Turing completeness. Well, exactly as much as any other cpus can do by solely controlling it's output electrons: not much. Let's not ascribe deity-like powers to things that we can understand fairly well. Pray explain how you could use the electrons coming out of a CPU as a side channel. I don't need anything specific, but I'd prefer something that doesn't sound like its taken out of a Heinlein novel. You're again using terms incorrectly. A "side channel" implies that someone is listening to information that is unintentionally leaked. Unless your expectation is that this CPU is going to start side channeling our minds with the EM waves its emitting (which again, "deity-like attributes"), we'd need to be specifically listening to whatever "side channel" it uses, and it would require knowledge of and access to that side channel. Something being able to send additional information over a side channel doesn't help unless that information is received, and so realistically, unless your hypothesis is "mind control/hacking the airwaves/whatever via sound waves the chip emanates" or similar, which are preposterous, it'll always be just as easy for the thing to transmit information via the normal channels. This makes me think you don't know what the word "airgapped" means in this context. 1. I'm not sure that I agree. Not all research is a race against time. But, perhaps you're right, I'll accept this. 2. Certainly the most plausible thing we have now, I'm not sure that that makes it plausible, but better than anything else. so okay. 3. This depends on what you mean. Neural Networks are actually significantly easier to analyze than arbitrary programs, when you essentially restrict yourself to two operations (multiplication and sigmoid or ReLU), things get a lot easier to analyze. Here are some questions we can answer about a neural network that we can't about an arbitrary program: "Will this halt for this input?", "Will this halt for all inputs?", "What will a mild perturbation of this input have on the output?", these are as a consequence of fineiteness and differentiability, which are not attributes that a normal program has. (caveat: this gets more difficult with things like RNNs and NTMs, but afaik is still true). The questions that we find difficult answer for a Neural Network are very different than for a normal program: namely "How did this network arrive at these weights as opposed to these other ones?" and related "What does this weight or set of weights represent?", but I don't think that there's any indication that those questions are impossible to answer (and often we can answer them, like for facial recognition networks where we can clearly see that successive layers detect gradients, curves, facial features, and then eventually entire faces) 4. Agreed. There's no real reason to know why it works if it works. 5. I think you can tell, but I don't think this holds. While I obviously don't know for sure, I'm quite confident that there are a nonzero number of employees at any very large Tech Company that are engineers (ie. do development work, commit nontrivial code), and whose compensation is over $1,000,000 USD. I doubt its common, and I would expect that many of those employees are not "just" engineers (ie. at the point where you are doing work that is that valuable, its almost a certainty that you are leading a team, and you are designing things), but I'm confident they exist. I expect you're referring to this article: https://www.damninteresting.com/on-the-origin-of-circuits/ I think the closest conventional thing would be a sandbox escape/backdoor. Although (not that I'm an expert) I've never heard of anything close to a sandbox escape using side-channel like things. That said, like I said, most side channel attacks are either time based, or involve things like heat and power usage of the system. The thing about all of these is that they generally allow you to get a small amount of data out that can sometimes help you with things. But again, without ascribing magic powers to the system, all the stuff that it can directly affect: power draw, temperature, disk spin speeds, monitoring LED blink speeds, noises, even the relatively insane things like EM frequency emissions can all be controlled relatively easily, and no matter how smart it is, I don't see an AGI violating physics. And because it was attached to a web api, it was likely still io bound, so it didn't matter. Context and knowing the right tool for the job is important indeed. "Perhaps you won't, but since we don't know yet exactly what you'll be working on, we might know broadly what PA or even project, but we can't know what problems you will encounter or what direction it will take to debug any problems that arise, we want someone with a broad base of skills who can at the very least recognize performance problems and solve them in a simple case. We expect that if you can solve this relatively simple problem in an environment with no resources, that with the aide of documentation, profiling tools, and teammates to lean on, you'll be able to address much more complex issues that arise. On the other hand, if it takes you documentation and teammates to solve this simple case, who knows what kinds of tools it will take you to solve real world problems that arise." "Correlation does not imply causation" doesn't imply that correlation never implies causation. (also @google) Scale makes it easy to have an outsized impact. Consider that a single CPU core costs ~10$/yr in electricity, and that google has a really big computer[1]. The questions are then "how many CPUs does google have", "what percentage of those can any given change affect", and "how many such changes can one engineer make in a year?" And that's just one type of potential change. [1]: http://www.clickhole.com/article/future-now-google-has-confi... Well, keep in mind that we also don't know the timescale this was over. If it was $120mm in a year, then that's perhaps crazy, but 120 million over 5 or ten years? With 80 billion in revenue and ~75K employees according to a google search, that means that there's an expectation that an average hire will drive $1 million in revenue per year. To be paid 120M/year you'd need to drive significantly more than that, but to be paid 20M/year, that's now someone who is 50x the average employee, not 200x the average employee, and that's reasonable. I think we all know an engineer or two who is extraordinary. The moderators of place are the admins, since it was an official reddit function ;) >Another option would be to just throw them into a source code tree and say something like "Here's a tree of one of our projects. Talk to me about it." "Its in perl, I don't know perl, and especially not your internally modified version of custom-magic perl that Steve wrote 7 years ago." Not to mention that you are now either showing source code trees to random potential hires, or you have to audit/create/otherwise use some potential set of source code. Maybe you prescreen by asking them their favorite language, and you come in with an open source project, in their language of choice, but now you have to have one of your devs spend time familiarizing themselves with Redis or the Python interpreter or Hibernate Core or Angular or whatever, and what happens when they ask to do the interview in Haskell? FWIW, I know some companies that do the interviews you're describing, but they're all relatively small ( (Also, and this is just conjecture: its possible that Apple intentionally overprices their pros as a sort of "look this is premium" cost, while the goal of an xbox is mass market sale). It is though, here's someone else saying essentially the same thing: https://superuser.com/questions/690388/why-do-workstation-gr... . Drivers that prioritize accuracy, and ECC ram fall well within the realm of "lower threshold for error", and price discrimination is covered by my parenthetical. That said, the reason that custom SoCs are often less expensive than mass market cards is just because they have fewer things on them. If you don't need an FPU (which you obviously do here, but as an example), you can leave it off, which saves silicon and saves money. General purpose cards needs general purpose things, but a custom chip can often leave out certain components, although I don't know which ones those might be in this case. Unfortunately I'm not familiar enough to give you a conclusive answer. One big thing is that most consumer-class GPUs use normal memory, whereas workstation-class use ECC memory, which can correct for bitflips that might occur during normal operation. To further clarify: does unlabeled mean "we didn't use sentiment data" or "we were only trying to predict the next character given the prior characters", since the amazon data does come with associated 1-5 star ratings, were those used or not? That's what I thought, and that makes this all the more interesting! Indeed, although I'm not as familiar with transfers this far (that is, fine-tuning models is really common with image recognition tasks, but often you take a model trained to recognize objects in images, and train it to recognize different objects in images, but you're still recognizing objects in images). This feels a bit different, in that yesterday I would have had no strong intuition that "a char-rnn can detect text sentiment better than sota". Looking now, I can rationalize that idea. I get why it might make sense, but it was non-obvious. Do you disagree with any of that? (and if you do, I'd love to see this distance of transfer in literature, its always cool to read up on these things) >Actually, Google pays under the average of top companies, because as a top tier company, they can afford. Most people I know who went to work for Google took a pay cut but don't have a single regret about it. Compared to who? They pay more than AMZN/MS/FB/AAPL/etc. for equal level, but are stingier with levels. You might be correct that certain other companies pay more than Google (Netflix maybe?), but they're certainly above average. It entirely depends on what project you work on. When I interned, I had to deal with a lot of custom datastructures, but since I started full time, I haven't (although my next project might?) > Google is more generous to good performers via bonuses once you are working there, but if you have two offers in hand, you are going to find Google highly resistant to negotiating. The notion of people taking a pay cut to work at Google sounds plausible to me. I don't think that's true. While google is by all accounts (including in my personal experience) unwilling to move significantly on base salary, they'll happily match pretty much any offer with stock from my experience (and the experience of others I've talked to). Ah, you're correct, I was specifically told "we don't take cost of living into account when deciding compensation" or similar language. (which isn't strictly true either) That said, from what I've seen, compensation growth at Google from everything I've seen is faster than at the other companies, which means that for someone coming in at L>3, they will likely be given greater compensation at google than elsewhere. I'm curious as to how they misrepresented things. I was actually pleasantly surprised once I got here by how extensive the benefits were, but I'm always interested in learning more, since while I actually think that 4 google interviews is a decent way to judge someone for google, I really hate their interview/negotiation process. Then that person is doing all the legwork, but someone else can come along and create a KB themselves with those answers. >Sine and cosine waves whose frequencies are multiples of a fundamental frequency, form an orthonormal basis w.r.t. the inner product given by integrating f(x)ĝ(x)dx over one period of the sine This, by the way, was perhaps the most mindblowing thing I learned in my advanced linear algebra course. I had already learned about applied Fourier Transforms and the FFT, but seeing the same tools we had used to prove things about Cartesian bases could be applied to something so unexpected, with such powerful results, was incredible. I'm curious: what makes you believe that the man was "immature" and "belligerent"? Eyewitness accounts and videos seem to imply that he was not, and as more facts have come out, I'm becoming more and more convinced that what United did may was a violation of their own policies, and perhaps the law. So, I'm a nonexpert, not going to source this, and am repeating hearsay. Salt this comment to taste, but: While I won't dispute that the moment he refused to deplane, he violated the law (you're required to follow the instructions of flight crew), the request that he be removed was also a violation of UA policy from what I've seen. Here's some things that I've read - He had previously volunteered to deboard, until he learned that it would be such a long delay - This was not a case of overbooking, the 4 people added to the flight were United Employees, not overbooked passengers. - UA policy states that airline employees will be the first people bumped from a flight in the case that it is overbooked - (According to someone on reddit, so extra salt:) All of the overbooking regulations have to do with seat assignments. You shouldn't get bumped once you're assigned a seat, much less seated, and doing so may be a breach of regulations by United. If that's the case, then the crew were absolutely breaching UA policy when he was removed, and they may have been breaching federal regulations when they asked him to deplane. To be clear, that's no excuse for refusing to deplane (even if he knew he was in the right), but it's not as simple as "he was disruptive" if the request for him to leave was illegal. To expand on fnord, to my knowledge, pickle handles all of these things. Its still a bad solution, but it does everything you want. pickle.dump(f, anyobject) anyobject = pickle.load(f) To be completely honest, if this is an issue, that person probably shouldn't be using patreon at all. My point is that if you're living paycheck to paycheck in such a way that when you get paid impacts when you can pay your expenses, you shouldn't be paying for things like patreon, you should be saving that money into a rainy day fund. That is, people living paycheck to paycheck aren't (and shouldn't be) the target audience of Patreon, because they really shouldn't be using Patreon. Or in other words, if "a $1 charge at the wrong time can be seriously problematic", you shouldn't be spending on patreon, you should be instead saving up that money until a $1 charge isn't problematic. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong here, but this problem is solvable by waiting a month to join the service, and paying each month with last month's funds. Also the snark isn't appreciated. Edit: To clarify, what this really comes down to is that I don't think patreon (or any company) should be going out of its way to encourage people who may not be financially stable to subscribe to recurring charges for things. That seems abusive, not empowering. Indeed, but I expect that's also true for matlab's vanilla solution. >Waiting a month for an expense you actually have the money now for is just plain poor manners on the billing agency. Perhaps, but I also don't necessarily think of Comcast as a design we should follow. If I understand >Think about that statement in the light of a non-ad supported web. correctly, your implication is that this will cut people who can't pay out of services (ie. things become subscription based and then non-payers are excluded). That at least can be solved by freemium models (which is what Patreon does), although Mz goes further and states that even that can be alienating to people who want to pay but can't. FWIW, as someone who is a consumer of a lot of things that I don't subscribe or pay for (including some patreon based groups), who I probably should start supporting, because I can and I'd prefer that they continue existing, I've never felt like I don't have access to media I want (note that this is different than "do I feel like I'm unable to support something I enjoy"). I'm relying on the morality of creators to continue producing (good) free content, and only producing special content at the price, but so far at least that's been a good assumption. >but people with this issue don't solve it by "saving up" and some people will never be well off. Agreed. Although at least for patreon, which in my experience is freemium, you aren't worrying about basic access. If we were talking about a newspaper subscription or internet access or an all access subscription to some content creator who only gave access to patrons that might be different, but "premium access to extra content a creator makes" is something that I don't spend money on. In an ad-free world that might change, but it also might not. Now, on the other hand, there's perhaps an honor in saying that I shouldn't be taking money from people who can't afford this. I think its difficult, because you either end up inadvertently taking advantage of people or alienating people, but I don't see a way to do neither. (I'm thinking of cigarettes and lottery tickets as corollaries here). >If you do not allow for the possibility that the 99% can help pay for it, you also inherently cut them out in other critical areas, like having a voice in design and services. I make two comments here. The first is that (again at least with patreon), I see it as an expressly premium service. My view might be wrong, but from that perspective its worth replacing "Patreon subscription" with "concierge drycleaning subscription", and I hope you wouldn't have a problem with me saying that as a general rule people really shouldn't be using a concierge drycleaning service if they are living paycheck to paycheck. The second is that this isn't (necessarily) a 99%/1% issue. My comment was specifically addressing people with no savings and who were living paycheck to paycheck. While that's a lot of people, its not 99% (at least in the US). That's not to say that you're overall point is wrong (classist design is bad except in specific circumstances), but if you're going to make that claim, I think its important to be clear about the classes. I'm honestly not sure how that has to do with what I wrote. In any case, have a nice day as well. How did you get that out of their statement? Given that your rule of thumb is one that only developers would know or care about, yes...exactly. Developers realized that their rule was stupid and impractical (not just inconvenient, but actively impractical: async interaction is faster and requires js), and so ignored it. And you've been able to mute people in various group voice chat programs (made for talking with friends) since forever. I'm really intrigued by what all you're doing that you have this kind of problem. I maintain a pretty complex vimrc, and deploying it is normally just a git clone. I've never had any of these issues, and when I started at google (which provides a nice collection of internal vim configs and plugins), combining the two and getting everything set up took me O(hours), not O(days). What are you doing? Its just bad because the .git folder means that any time you delete an old git repo or anything, you get a fevered email from dropbox reminding you that you just deleted 10000 files. Wait, that doesn't sound like a problem with your vim config, it just sounds like you had a broken version of macvim.