I agree with you in principle, but in practice, when I was visiting New York in July, I got much better results by using an external app rather than Google Maps. ("NYC Subway", I think it was called.) Specifically, Google's directions often had multiple transfers and didn't mention any alternate routes, whereas the app gave me the route with fewest transfers and showed all the other lines going there, in case you missed the first train. I think this is why Apple's plan to relegate public transport directions to external apps might be a good idea: there's no way a single company -- even one the size of even Google! -- can keep track of all the minutiae involved in planning routes for every public transport system around the world, whereas app makers can. Even today, every public transit system that I've been on has one or more apps, so I doubt uptake will be a problem. And with the new APIs in iOS6, it should be much easier to get directions via external apps, since they show up in a list right in the Maps app. Oh, and the app worked offline, which as you might know is mighty helpful in large parts of the subway. :) saurik, thank you so much for responding in this thread. Your answers are very insightful. In regards to 4, I've always assumed that to an extent, Apple tolerates jailbreakers and doesn't put as much effort as they could into fixing the exploits (unless they're critical, like the PDF one.) What do you think? Er, I don't think that's true at all. First of all, indies didn't used to do as many Mac ports before Steam for Mac/Humble Bundle. But aside from that, you have franchises like GTA, KotOR, Civilization, Assasin's Creed, and others. I think Steam for Mac definitely had an influence. One thing that I wish my undergrad CS degree taught me was how to manage and structure larger programs. It's a vast topic that I still have a lot of difficulty with two years into my career. If the world moves to touch computing, what's going to happen to PC gaming? Traditionally, PC gaming has been popular because PCs get used for many other things besides gaming. If most people switch to touch devices for their primary computers, will there still be enough people building gaming rigs for developers to care about that market? I'm sure the big console manufacturers would love nothing more than to move everyone over to consoles, but this would signal the downfall of indie games, certain kinds of first-person shooters, real-time strategy games, simulators, and many other genres. I would be devastated to see this happen. Corel Painter has paint mixing, but I don't know how it compares to Paper's approach. In order to avoid this problem, I bought one of these microSD "sticks" a couple of years ago: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HGFKR8 . I also bought a miniature lobster claw hook ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HFEQ3W ) to attach it to my keychain. It worked amazingly well: the stick never got lost because it attached to my keychain via the base instead of the cap, it was tiny enough to never get in my way, and the memory was upgradable to boot. On the downside, speeds were pretty slow and the microSD card occasionally got dislodged, but these were relatively minor issues for me when compared to the benefits. Unfortunately, it bit the dust a couple of months ago — wonder if there are any faster alternatives? Try this! Haven't been here in ages, but it looks like it still works: http://wla.berkeley.edu/ As a developer, the last point bothers me the most. Why can't I use my standard OS shortcuts with the command line?! It looks just like a text prompt, and yet it doesn't behave like one. (And I'm sorry, but bash shortcuts are ugly.) For me, at least, the dependency issue has been resolved with automatic build systems like MacPorts. It's been a while since I had to manually seek out the dependencies for a command line program by hand. Discoverability is very much an issue. I tried to figure out how to get ffmpeg to do something last night, and it took me hours. I find Google to be far more indispensable when using the command line than the man pages. Despite all these issues, I still find the command line invaluable. :) I'm a bit surprised that so many people NEED a dead-silent environment to concentrate on their work. Maybe it's because I grew up with a snoring dad, but I can completely tune out a crowd of people without breaking a sweat, while all my coworkers would go crazy without their headphones. Honest question: is this truly such a difficult skill to cultivate? You'd think it would be a whole lot more beneficial in the long run than investing in an expensive set of noise-cancelling equipment. But I don't know, maybe I'm just going deaf! I didn't realize Stallman was licensed under the GPL! I am skeptical. Piracy exists on iOS, yes, but my understanding is that legitimate users far outnumber jailbroken users. Maybe for the enterprise. What about home use? About a month ago, I had 4 drives scattered around the house, each in its own enclosure, and I wanted to consolidate them into one unit. Money was an issue, so I wanted to recycle as many of them as possible instead of buying new ones. A Synology NAS along with a single extra drive allowed me near-optimal use of space with 1-drive redundancy. Of course, I have weekly backups to an external drive, so even if the array fails during a drive swap, I'll still have all my important files. Any other solution would either require me to buy more drives (a significant expense at $100+ a pop), sacrifice redundancy, or build my own NAS with ZFS (which would have significant administration overhead, cost more, and be larger than my Synology unit). A PC video card with the same specs as a console video card will perform significantly slower. Console games are optimized on a very low, platform-specific level, which simply isn't feasible on PC. (Not to mention, console ports often have much poorer performance in general.) The HD4000 is actually pretty good for an integrated card and runs a lot of older games well, but it won't run many modern games even on low settings. I speak from experience on this. For some reason, if your PC is underspecced in the gaphics department, even going down to 640x480 and setting all the graphics settings to low won't make most modern games playable. I don't know why this is the case. This is really interesting, thank you. I haven't seen a lot of discussion about how traditional filmmaking techniques might need to be changed to work with HFR. I've always wanted to get into web design, but every time I read an article like this, I get scared. Sometimes it seems like the web is nothing but hacks piled on top of hacks... Have you heard of Scala? http://www.huygens-fokker.org/scala/ It's used to change around the default MIDI scale, so that you can play with early scales or even scales from other cultures. It's really cool if you get it working with your keyboard. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of software that supports it, although I think Logic Pro did at some point. You meant to type http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-specialists , right? But with 2D comments, there's rarely any actual discussion. It's mostly people stating their opinions and others individually responding to them. Looking at the demo page, I love how the threads are 1D, but you can still switch to direct replies if you just want to follow the sub-conversation. It's the best of both worlds. I've never worked with iCloud, so I'm curious: why do devs say that Dropbox is so much better than iCloud? From what I've seen, both work similarly in that they abstract out the cloud as part of the file system. Wouldn't you still have to resolve conflicts and do all that other dirty stuff if you use Dropbox? Edit: potatolicious has a pretty great explanation. It looks like it's mostly CoreData issues. But for those cases, Dropbox wouldn't do any better, right? Many famous composers and writers produced their finest works in their later years. Surely we can do the same! As a longtime gamer, I desparately fear the idea of a locked-down, touch-based, and endlessly monetizable future for my favorite hobby. What if the PC simply becomes unprofitable for major game releases because of the tablet market, ARM, or whatever else? What if gamers get used to touch controls and buttons become outmoded? What if the Facebook model of "social" games consumes every other genre? I can only hope that Newell's get-out-of-jail-free card will work as intended. If the desktop PC disappears for the average user, I wouldn't be surprised if even ports stopped getting released. Honestly, that kind of stuff is much closer to gambling than what I would consider gaming. I just really hope (though I'm probably wrong) that "social" games occupy their own niche and aren't pulling gamers away from more honest games. Yes, and not so great for others. Have you tried playing Batman: Arkham Asylum with a mouse/keyboard? Those combos are so much harder to pull off! What about 3D platformers, where analog movement is paramount? Racing games, where analog steering and acceleration really help? Nowadays, I find that I use my PC gamepad as often as my mouse/keyboard. For me, aside from Terminal, the biggest productivity boost in OSX is probably Spaces. I tried a few virtual desktop applications in Windows and all of them kind of sucked in comparison. I also love using the help search (Cmd+?, I think) to find menu items in more complex applications. Really miss that feature in Windows! I once saw a tomato tasting booth at a farmer's market with some 25 different varietals, and I'm sure there are hundreds of others just waiting to be grown. We don't need to science the solution. Apple devices? Not to the extent of keeping thousands of prisoners in Holocaust-like conditions, I think. I agree completely. 90% of the games that are currently on my iPhone were a) made by dev teams with 1-3 people, b) provide a unique and polished experience, and c) became known mainly based on community outreach. None of them are currently in the top rankings, but as far as I can tell they make enough money for the teams to get by. People keep talking about "hidden gems" on the App Store that failed to succeed despite having an excellent product, but so far, the only ones I've seen were either outright clones, failed to do any outreach at all, or had a poor business model. (Freemium with very little incentive to upgrade, for instance.) Sure, if you're a hundred-person company, you might need to resort to shady means to be profitable. But I don't think that's at all necessary to make money on the App Store. Yeah, we got similar advice when I was working at a social gaming startup. Apparently, it's not unheard of among growing, venture-funded companies like ours. I assure you, however, that the vast majority of the indie games that make the headlines (Super Hexagon, Hundreds, Letterpress, etc.) don't use these techniques. Unusable?! I've been using Chrome on my iPhone 4 for the past week and I haven't noticed a significant difference. One very notable example is Sword & Sworcery EP. The guys behind the game did a talk at GDC '12 about making games for niche audiences instead of stooping to the lowest common denominator, but I can't seem to find it. Simogo has made a couple of very unique and artful games, including last year's Mobile Game IGF winner Beat Sneak Bandit. It's notable that their games are premium priced ($3), but still have hundreds of reviews. Mika Mobile is a husband & wife team with a number of fantastic brawlers under their belts, including Battleheart and Zombieville USA 2. Tiger Style is (in their own words) a "distributed collective of independent game developers" that have most recently developed the award-winning exploration/space-gardening game Waking Mars. Jeff Minter releases a new iOS game what seems like every other week. (Though he once characterized it as "run[ning] frantically on the iOS treadmill".) Zach Gage has made a number of small, fairly popular games, including SpellTower and Bit Pilot. ("Net Gross for me is probably around ~110k for 3 years of work. but the profits would probably be quite a bit lower than that") ----- Notable recent failures include Punch Quest (F2P model didn't yield any income, so they switched to paid) and Gasketball (again, the F2P model they were using was too permissive). ----- So, not a perfect ecosystem, but not an abysmal wasteland either. Enough for the kooky hobbyists to get by as long as their products are top-notch and their business model makes sense. (At least that's how I see it.) I replied to the poster above you with examples, in case you're interested. Come to think of it, I felt the same way. Left the registration page up in the background while I worked on other stuff. Eventually came back and made an account. Others might not be so patient! I usually hate social logins, but I actually like the way SO does it because you can bind your account to multiple services. Now I no longer have to remember which specific one I picked. Man, I'd honestly find example 2 more stressful than example 1. Is pair programming really something that programmers find useful? Should I develop this skill more? I've barely had to do it at all at my jobs, and when I have, it was difficult for me because I couldn't get into my usual flow. Even with an extra pair of eyes and hands, I felt like I was working at 50% efficiency. I guess I should read up on concurrency. :) When you're picking out specific lines to commit, or selecting certain files out of a batch, or reading through a long diff, or doing any number of things that requires random access, GUI beats CLI by a long shot. Of course, GUI doesn't work so well when you need to do some of the more fiddly stuff. Which is why it's good to use both. :) Perhaps, but it's also one of the ugliest applications known to man! Personally, I tend to use GitX when I'm working on small projects, but Tower really is a great tool. Just FYI, there are a few branches that are better featured, but I don't remember their names right now. I recommend you seek them out instead of the plain GitX. The Magazine used to be subscription only. Now you can read one free article per month online: www.marco.org/2013/02/24/the-magazine-sharing I don't think it's a matter of insecurity. In the decades since vim was released, we've made drastic improvements in UX design that have made computing much more accessible and intuitive. (And we're still moving forward at a rapid rate — just look at the stuff that people like Bret Victor and Chris Granger doing!) And yet, so many programmers are adamant on sticking to 20th century editors and obscure key commands, even sometimes (sometimes!) at the expense of usability. I don't think it's particularly offensive to wonder why such old tools are still so popular, especially when for most people the thinking part of programming is what takes the most time. Additionally, your tools shouldn't define you as a programmer, and yet I often see people getting shamed for using an IDE instead of vim/emacs/whatever. 24. Even though we always had a computer at home, I never got into programming and spent most of my time playing games. (The learning curve was too steep, and besides, what could I possibly make that was better than the games I was playing?) Then when I got to college I majored in CS. Now I'm definitely interested in making games. :) In my opinion, the abundance of dynamic and interpreted languages, powerful tools, programmable hardware, and the internet make getting into programming WAY easier than it was before. An interesting contrast to this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5219866 Whether or not this is a good solution (I haven't examined it closely yet), there are certainly a lot of problems with traditional Western notation. For example: you're limited to 12 pitches, you can't precisely represent bends, you can't precisely represent note lengths, many of the symbols are cryptic at first glance, some of the words don't get translated (tempo markings), some of the symbols are imprecise (again, tempo markings), it's annoying to write music in non-traditional modes, it's annoying to write music with syncopation, etc. Sure, this has worked fine for musicians over the past few centuries, but music has changed a lot since Mozart. I think Western notation could use a little rethinking, so I'm happy that someone is at least looking into it. I'm a new WordPress user. Are there any guides online with best practices that I can follow? (Some suggestions I see in this thread: rate-limiting plugin, don't have user id #1, don't have user "admin".) Well, with tempi, my main gripe isn't the exact BPM but rather the fact that you have to memorize all this obscure Italian (+ other?) terminology in order to understand what's going on. Why can't we have standard localized terms instead? As for exact note lengths, I mostly agree with you, except for certain pieces of modern music (EDM, for instance) where the meter is fairly rigid but the note lengths are off from the defaults. It would be nice to be able to represent that accurately. You can also have first-person games with no shooting at all, like Dear Esther or The Witness. There are lots of very simple toys that are popular on the App Store. (Of course, it's hard to tell which ones will make money ahead of time.) Super Hexagon combined with a typing tutor? Awesome! Love the animation, too. It's great for small, experimental indie games that want to reach as big of an audience as possible. Think Ludum Dare. For bigger games, though, I agree completely. I think he's coming from the perspective of someone who uses his camera phone as his primary camera. I'm no photographer, but I've often gotten better pictures from my iPhone than my default SLR camera kit. Why bother spending $500+ when you already have a camera of comparable quality in your pocket? If you spend that much money on a piece of professional equipment, you might as well go all the way. If you're an independent software developer, how does the App Store do anything other than help you? Yes, you still have to build a standout piece of software and somehow let people know about it, but you no longer have to worry about payment processing or downloads — and if you're lucky, Apple might give you an extra bit of marketing push. The only thing I see changing is that there are now too many apps in the App Store to rely on in-store marketing alone. But I fail to see how the situation is any worse than it was for a lone programmer working on a text editor or RSS reader in the 90s or 00s. Assuming you find a similar unfulfilled niche, write excellent software, and talk about it on relevant forums/mailing lists/whatever, isn't it likely that you'll be a whole lot more successful than you could have hoped for a decade ago? This is why I'm surprised when people say "don't play the App Store lottery". I understand where they're coming from, but isn't that tantamount to saying "don't be an independent software developer"? Or am I missing something? "As the market moves more and more to mobile, talking up your app on an Internet based forum is not going to work. Plus, I don't think that relying on getting a buzz going on Reddit is a very repeatable marketing strategy." If I understand you correctly, you seem to be implying that people will do most of their app discovery directly through the App Store in the future, not via other sources like forums, word of mouth, blogs, podcasts, review sites, etc. Why do you think this is going to change? It's not like people are going to stop browsing the web just because they get their software directly from Apple. As I see it, the App Store is nothing more than a glorified download manager. (CAVEAT: Yes, Angry Birds is going to get thousands of downloads when it shows up in the top 10, and if your app is even remotely similar it probably won't compete. Similarly, if there's an app in the listings that fixes a common problem -- text editing, calculator, whatever -- your similar app will probably get less hits. But if you make software to solve new problems or provide new experiences, then I don't see how the listings would detract from your sales.) Uh, do the slides shrink with every click for anyone else? It's odd to me that we don't study creative thinking more. When it comes to technical details, we've got it covered; you can find hundreds of textbooks on any given field, from the arts to the sciences. But the mysterious step that actually lets you recombine that knowledge into new ideas is usually shrugged off as "hard work" or "inspiration". On the other hand, I suppose it's a pretty difficult question to answer. If you were to ask a musician how they compose their music, they would probably talk about scales and chord progressions and improvisation. But the true answer involves a whole lifetime of experiences and memories, filtered in a specific way through the musician's brain to create certain musical effects, themselves based on years of training. To even talk about that would require a lot of introspection. What if we could train ourselves to think like Einstein? What would this do for science? What about Mozart and music? Same for Metafilter (though the rule set is much less strict). FYI, the lead programmer for Awesomenauts has a fantastic dev blog that delves into the inner workings of the game: http://joostdevblog.blogspot.com/search/label/Awesomenauts (And it's a really fun game too! Easily worth the price of the bundle by itself.) It would be good to know which of these readers has a sustainable business model. For example, Feedly is free. After Google Reader, I'm not sure I can trust that. Compared to Cocos2d, I'm not that interested in Sprite Kit as a framework. But combined with the new gamepad APIs, I think you might be on to something in regards to the Apple TV. What Apple bloggers have you been reading? John Gruber, who is arguably the most famous Apple blogger of all, has always been a proponent of the Metro look, as well as an opponent of the kitschy skeuomorphic elements in iOS. I mean, he's been anticipating the "flattening" of iOS7 ever since Forestall went out the door! And personally, I love the way iOS7 looks and feels from the videos, way more than my current iOS6. (Except for Game Center, don't know what's up with those bubbles.) As I see it, DRM is much more of a problem on consoles than it is on PC. In my Steam library, I have Commander Keen right next to Bioshock Infinite. There's no "expiration date" for my games. On the other hand, consoles come in generations. They only last a decade at most, and it looks like we're not going to have backwards compatibility going forward. What's going to happen when Microsoft decides to pull support for their 10, 20, 30 year old DRM-laden consoles? Not every game is going to get an HD remake, sadly. I started reading this article with a burning prejudice against overly nitpicky designers, but I have to say, each change here makes perfect sense and contributes to a more cohesive whole. Never thought Firefox of all places would be a good place to read about design. Great work! In regards to the flatness and lack of detail that some people are complaining about: when I look at the Firefox icon in my taskbar, I don't parse it as a fox and a globe but rather as an abstract red/blue circle. The simplified design will make this easier to read -- much more in line with, for example, the Chrome logo. I don't know, it's just not the first name that pops into my head. But I agree with you! Personally, I feel like these are fairly minor issues. To reiterate my point below, wouldn't you say that the new logo ( http://i.imgur.com/fKCH7Zx.png ) looks better in the taskbar than the old logo ( http://i.imgur.com/9QFgDVi.png )? (Caveat: this is a Photoshop mockup, so they might add outlines or do other stuff to it when it ships.) Actually, I recently started using Firefox again precisely because of the recent design changes. I love the way the new UI looks and feels. They've also worked out a lot of the technical issues, such as high memory use. Extra-awesome if we could include a snapshot of the source code without the git repo or commits. I don't know why people are expecting this to happen so soon (if at all). Even if we have the technology for driverless cars sometime in the next few decades (QAed for all possible conditions and failures, of course), there will be no way that they'll be street legal without a (sober) driver at the wheel. We have fully automated TRAINS -- vehicles that only have to go back and forth along a single axis -- that still require conductors. Airlines, despite being 99% automatic, are very, very strict about pilot safety and training. How could you possibly expect something that's an order of magnitude more complicated to be any different? Top it off with some of the most advanced AI (yet to be) invented and you have a problem with a solution much farther into the future than one might think. Me, I'd rather stick with good old fashioned public transit. When I installed the iOS6 beta on my iPad 3, maps literally ran at something like 15fps until close to release. Now it's fine. I think iOS7 will probably be similar. Yep. I was enjoying the article until I read that comment, at which point I lost all respect for the author. I truly feel sorry for Phil Fish. He may have said some silly things in the past, but literally EVERY time something news-worthy about him comes up, the internet explodes with thousands of vitriolic comments about how much of a dick he is. Just look at the comments on Reddit, RPS, or any mainstream news site. They're abhorrent. This has been going on in full-force pretty much since GDC12, when the "Japanese games" incident happened. Fish asked on Twitter for people to please stop treating him like this a few months ago. It's only gotten worse since then. At this point, it's clear that this stuff is weighing on him pretty heavily. I don't think anyone deserves to be treated like this, regardless of how they handle their online presence. I mean, it's basically cyber-bullying at this point. I wish people would realize that there's another person on the other end of the line who is actually suffering because of their comments. (Hoping to get this in before the Fish-bashing inevitably starts here as well.) I enjoyed the author's Beijing/Chinatown metaphor in point 10. Wait, how does this work with the Apple frameworks? I assume you can't go faster than what Apple gives you. If you were to discard every photo, how fast could you theoretically go? xkcd has a history of doing stuff like this. Take the "Dream Girl" comic, for instance. In one of its panels, it featured an innocuous set of coordinates and dates. As it turned out, they were a hidden invite for a meetup a few months into the future. Nothing about them was explained beforehand: it was up to the readers to figure it out. I've come to expect that every detail in an xkcd comic probably has some meaning. http://blog.xkcd.com/2007/10/01/the-meetup/ Try arrow keys to pan, Shift to zoom in, and Ctrl to zoom out. Makes me feel like a super spy! Hey man, that's kind of mean. From what I understand (somebody correct me), exFAT is prone to corruption if you unplug an exFAT drive without doing a soft eject first. On the other hand, it's probably the best FS that's natively supported by both OSX and Windows. If you're too cheap to shell out money for a VPN, proXPN has a limited free tier. I've been using it for banking while travelling and it works great! Another option is to ensure that most of your phone can be recycled: http://www.apple.com/recycling/ Question is, if Windows becomes a closed ecosystem or flops altogether, would PC gamers elect to move to Linux? Even if they do, there's going to be a significant loss of numbers along the way, and it's already a smaller market than consoles. I can see a future where most game companies (barring maybe Valve, Blizzard, and a few others) cut their losses and decide to focus solely on consoles and iOS/Android. That would be a sad future indeed. It's a bit confusing, but overall, I really love the presentation of this article. I wish more serious research was presented like this, with lots of knobs for fiddling and experimentation. (See also: Bret Victor.) Looking at the screenshots, I feel like "my butt" should really be "your butt". I mean, everyone talking about "your cloud" makes far more sense than "my cloud". As much as I love my iOS devices, they still have MASSIVE latency compared to my Wacom tablet. There's just no comparison. I guess the touch processing had a lot of overhead. I remember reading somewhere that the DS homebrew "pressure sensitivity" was merely a hack. Since you hit more neighboring pixels when you push the stylus down, you get more "pressure". (This could be outdated information, though.) This is great and I hope more app developers follow suit! It's pretty darn easy to hold two seemingly-contradictory beliefs. The trick is to stifle the urge to resolve them. And going one further, each topical subreddit usually has a couple of higher quality spinoffs. For example, r/gaming vs. r/games, or r/askreddit vs r/askhistorians. I thought it looked great. Then I noticed it was following me around. Easy solution: just make it immobile like an ordinary logo. How big is the complete archive? Both of the previous companies I worked at had unlimited access to alcohol. The startup had a kegerator, while the bigger company had an empty desk filled entirely with liquor bottles on my floor. The only drinking that really happened was on Fridays. Very rarely did anyone have a drink during normal working hours, unless we were in the office late at night and it was crunch time. It was just taboo. (Not writing this in defense of alcohol at the office. Personally, I like it. But I can see the other side as well.) Kinda reminds me of the Squarespace editor. Maybe there should be an open-source software license with a clause that prevents your inventions from being used in instruments of war and violence. As an aside, even though it might ruffle some feathers, I don't think it would actually be illegal to do so — right? Because you are not the only person on HN. > IT IS A GIANT COMMERCIAL, FOR FUCK'S SAKE! Is every form of communication from a company about its products a "giant commercial"? While an Apple keynote is no doubt a marketing event, I think it's also pretty clear that Apple gives a crap about its products and their effect on the world at large. That's why people get so excited about these things. It's a rare opportunity to peek inside Willy Wonka's factory. Compare to a company like Samsung, whose events tend to be gaudy, sleazy, and very clearly aimed at selling the product. > This is the point where it becomes impossible to avoid comparisons to religion. No, and by doing so, you lower the level of discourse on this website. This is pretty interesting. Reminds me of the "speaking piano" a little bit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muCPjK4nGY4 This is a pretty great idea. I'm trying to travel and work on a few projects right now, and my average is turning out to be around $75-$100 per day for the US. $50 per day sounds like a fun, cheap way to get some work done, assuming you can get access to the internet at least in some capacity. At this point, I'm not even sure how my identity is split up on Google's servers between my original Google account, my Google Plus account, and my legacy YouTube account. Sometimes I feel like I'm logged into three different things at once. And now I can't even use my original username as my Google Plus URL? Does that mean that my legacy YouTube account is no longer active? Or has it been merged with my Google Plus profile without my consent, despite consistently clicking on "no thanks" every time the window popped up? This sort of quagmire causes me to unconsciously stop using the services causing it. Already, I've found myself much less interested in liking and favoriting YouTube videos. Here's a very thorough spreadsheet from the FlyerTalk forums: http://www.flyertalk.com/forum/17837493-post1.html There are a handful of credit unions that issue dual C&S/C&P cards. It's a little harder to get one than an ordinary card, but probably worth it if you're traveling abroad. (I got one from Andrews.) I was up in Canada a few months ago, where EMV cards are ubiquitous. C&S is accepted everywhere, but merchants routinely get confused by the second receipt printing out. I've heard it's the same in Europe.