Is that a joke? Why would anyone vote to make that a crime? I through that three felonies a day is an exageration, but I'm definitely guilty of switching train cars. I suspect that while American kids might have been dragged into it by schools and teachers whether interested or not, international kids were all interested in it or at least choosen by teachers as good students. Also, I do not know how many languages do they support. However, if it is only english, almost all international participating kids are someone who learned foreign language. Which rules out worst cases. As far as I know, there was huge campaign in usa involving president and "everybody has to code" slogans. As far as I know, there was no such thing elsewhere. Many COD and WOW players are adults. According to some stats I read, an average player of big single player games is more then 30 years old male. So I assume that many of them will play multiplayers too. Plus, I know many adults that play those games. I'm not sure that COD is "ultra-violent". It is violent of course, but not much more then an average action movie. No, but death in most action movies are much more effective. Meaning they "feel" more real and killed people are more real. Plus, they are often framed in real world like story and often as positive action did by good hero. Killed guys in COD are just pictures - they have no personality or story. The action is in context of warfare and no one there is believably "good" and "bad". Only better at shooting. I do not think you can judge violence in such simple way. To use analogy, the movie reservoir dogs has scene with ear cutting where nobody dies. That scene is way more violent and disturbing then dozens of killed enemies by James Bond. I had multiplayer in mind - most call of duty players do not play campaign. But yes, that scene was debated a lot. I think that scene is something that makes Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a game for adults, the same way as ear cutting scene in reservoir dogs makes it something for adults. As far as I know, other call of duty games do not have such scene. I may be wrong on that one through. He made list of some of the biggest very useful projects available for free and called that hall of shame. I especially like "Heaviliy-depened upon but abandoned or barely maintained" point. Should we really shame mainteners for not continuing free support of their open source projects? "Heavily-depended upon" kind of suggests "useful for many people". I do not really care whether they do not have time anymore, lost interest or died. It is still better for me if people abandon projects, then if they never even start them for fear they will not be able to maintain them forever. Sadly, middle management in large companies is full of miserable schmucks like this. They tend to get promoted, have pretty good salaries and rather small work-time. It is sad, because good middle management tend to make huge difference. It is exactly the position where these do the most damage. Or maybe Java has more huge projects then Scala or simply different kind of projects. Springs fits some projects better then other projects - duh - and they have to be big enough to make it really useful. I have no beef with spring, found it useful and not that much complicated in the past. That does not mean I'm going to use it in every new project I'm about to start. Because they want to hear yes. So, they will keep looking for it even if you start with no. Woman that wants to study computer science or like coding will have no trouble to go to study it. However, if a girl is not sure what she wants to do, she will almost certainly NOT pick up computer science, because it is thought about as a boy major. Conversely, if a boy does not know what he wants to do, he is likely to go for CS, because that is the "usual" decision. Not every boy who went to study CS was dreaming in code since elementary school. Most of them learned to code in college. However, CS girls I knew usually picked it up because they really wanted to do it. "They can do the work at night or over the weekend, so they don’t have to leave their current job in the meantime." If I spend night working, I'm tired next day. Not sure if it is shocking. If I spend weekend working, then I just lost most of my free/family time and not surprisingly, I'm tired during next week and produce less in my regular job. So, the hourly rate is better be competitive with salary. Otherwise I would just consider them freeloaders trying to get some cheap labor. I agree with some points in that article. I remember that overly nice teachers aiming primary for fun often taught us very little. It was pleasant, but we have been behind. However, I believe you can have high expectations without being jerk about it. But: 0.) Practice is not the same as rote learning especially in math above third grade. Practice in math means that you have to solve many different exercises and occasionally having to come up with solutions by yourself. Practice in math means that you are occasionally faced with exercises you have not seen before and you have to logic-think your way out of that. Rote learning is quite opposite of that. Drilling essentially the same exercises over and over is opposite of that too. Incidentally, those international tests try to confront students with unfamiliar situations and measure how they perform there. 1.) Why is everybody so obsessed with multiplication tables? It is something 6-7 years old have to learn. I just doubt that whatever happened in the first grade is all that much important years later on when you are 16 years old (age those international tests are done). Even if you had worst first grade teacher in the world that did not taught you how much 2+2 is, teacher in fourth grade was supposed to force you to learn that. How come it did not happened? 2.) Is it possible that while super tough teacher in the beginning could be great for talented committed students, but not really match for average one? Only student with huge commitment and talent would persist and all others would gave up. I was such average kid in music, hated that and stopped playing as soon as I could. It is quite possible that if I would find at least something enjoyable on lessons, I would learn more. Of course, it does not really matter whether I play music today. But, it would matter if I would learn to hate math or computers the same way as I hated music practice. I think that it depends on what exactly are you tough about. You can have teacher that is strict and tough and happen to insist on less important things. Made up example would be math teacher assigning two hours a day of exercises and worksheets on simple equations, while other teachers already moved on and successfully teach "difficult" equations. Made up over the top example would be teacher that checks your notebook every other day whether it is nice, organized and colored. He would assign three hours of work of cutting and pasting and coloring and what not every day and make you rework historical diorama five times. However, that teacher could still miss that you have no idea what happened during historical period he is teaching and do not remember single name or date. I'm pretty sure young techs are able to learn technologies they not have been taught into. Well, yes, but sports can possibly teach that only for those who play e.g. team. So, if the team excludes average students and take only almost professionals in, most students do not get to learn any of those things. So, you have maybe 30 player learning those things while trying to get into paid adult league and the rest of students being fans learning essentially nothing. I doubt those "between 8% and 10% of the school's football and basketball players" who "are reading below a third-grade level" are getting much education. At best, they are getting an empty degree. Are there truly that many useless philosophy/liberal arts majors? According to stats I read, most students actually go for majors that are currently in demand. What happened during depression is that majors in demand changed and the one that looked good when you started is not good anymore. Plus, some law schools exaggerated success of their students. Not all STEM majors and not all computer related majors are in demand btw. GPL software was not created in order to provide free labor and tools to all businesses in the world. If you do not want distribute your software as GPL, scanning every piece of software for GPL is exactly what is expected from you. I'm not saying that I would not contribute it non-GPL software. I do not mind companies closing their products. However, GPL people do mind companies closing their software. So, those companies not using GPL libraries, no matter how useful is perfectly OK result. Many open source projects that accept donations. Look for "donate" page or button. Look at homepages of projects you would be willing to pay to. To be concrete, if you donate to tor, you can choose where the money will go. I do not think it is a book you are supposed to read from start to end. It is more a book you randomly open when you feel bored or tired, read part of random length and then close. Kind of book equivalent of opening facebook/news for 5 minutes and then going back to work. Except that you learn little bit each 5-10 minutes long session. " I will disallow anyone I'm in a conversation with to google facts with their phone. " If we are talking about something, (as opposed to just chatting around) I prefer when people look up facts they are unsure about. Especially if the alternative is guessing out of what they vaguely remember. What is exact benefit of driving web away flash? It would make sense if the alternative would be open, but it is not. First question: How is java code more tied to whatever framework it is using then javascript one? Second question: are you sure javascript code owners will constantly refactor their old finished but functional projects to new tool chain instead letting it live while starting new projects? I like to open multiple youtube tabs at the same time and then watch videos one by one. Most of them are in flash and I have flash block, so they do not play until I actually click on them. Some youtube videos are not blocked by flashblock and it is highly annoying when two videos play at the same time. Some new site use autoplay videos too, and again, I like to open multiple tabs and then close them at the same time. Of course I can figure out which tab is causing it, but it is annoying having to do it. With this feature, I can just kill it. Systems like this are too easy to abuse. You dodged one hell of a bullet. Either they were entirely incompetent or about to exploit you. Wanna bet which one? Isnt working 80 hours a week ineffective due to you being tired soon and burned out after few years? Assuming that really work those 80 hours instead of chatting, browsing or mindlessly staring into screen. I read some studies about that. Maybe I believe them cause I am European. Or maybe cause I did worked a lot in the past and my experience confirmed studies. My experience was different. Failing the business is a social tragedy only if you took too much debt. If you simply find a job afterwards, then it is ok. At least among my friends. I love my work. I do not believe it is a good reason to pay me less and pocket the difference. The chances are that I will love work in other company too. The developers there essentially take 30-40% pay cut in order to work 25% less hours? I would find to cleaner to sign contract for 6 hours a day instead of 8 hours a day one and then slack away the difference. Is it possible that manager there is trying to change local culture? Second thing that bothers me is the "any expectations of us, beyond that we produce quality software according to schedule" part. So, he works in a company that makes over-estimates work. That is unusual and something to be thankful for, but I do not find it "fair" to abuse the situation. If we buy that argument, then manager is in perfect position to pack schedule much more in order to keep them there as long as he wants. My opinion is that management that leaves some room for unexpected problems in schedule someone to be treasured and not taken advantage of. My advice would be: starting dead march anytime sooner then last week and half is irrational. I do not believe authors estimate of three weeks 80 hours, that is too long too much. It may feel good, but it is not a good idea. First, you need to keep clean head and think eg.) * prioritize and cut everything non-essential, * being organized is not waste of time, but do not overdo it, * prioritize again and cut everything not super essential, * sleep enough hours, * eat regularly and real food, * take short break after every longer subtask (!short - measure it!), * be conscious: if you find yourself staring at the screen or procrastinating, then it is good time for short break, * use the above breaks for short but intensive physical activity, * socialize less then usually, but find some time to socialize anyway. Important: * have good testers and let them check for regressions as often as possible. Really, they are more valuable then new programmers on team. If you need to achieve something exceptional, you need to think clear above all. The idea "wait we do not have to do it at all" saves more time then all clever hacking in the world. And if you do not sleep and do not eat, you will not be clever anyway. As for last point, most people need to talk. If they do not get to talk out of work, they tend to get more talkative in work. That means a lot of wasted time. The last thing you want is to unconsciously use team meetings to satisfy your communication needs and waste everybody's time. It is ok to bundle things together eg. run to grocery store for food (3 in 1: physical activity and break and food). Unbundle project and yourself: it is not failure not to achieve impossible. Is there anything you can push to other people? Some self contained part or may something mechanical they can easily learn? Isn't there a way how to teach those adolescent males to behave like humans? If their behavior is that bad that it makes uncomfortable learning environment for other students, then it needs to be addressed. I'm woman and my experience is that most adolescent males are not apes and are able to act like human. Separating them by gender is accepting bad behavior as norm when it actually is not a norm. Young polite males are often off putted by pseudo-masculinity too, but you just told those that they have to suck it up. The stereotype of adolescent male being half ape is as a accurate as the stereotype of woman being way too much emotional. Despite stereotypes, most young males are ok people and most young females are able to reason rationally. The lack of male teachers is considered a problem by many people in education. A lot of words were written and conferences organized on the topic. tl;dr: the consensus seems to be that it would be better if there would be more male teachers so the boys would have more teachers to relate to. @DanBC There is not that much evidence and I do not see best education system in the world moving to gender educated classes. There is one experiment on few kids with all kinds of special conditions. Plus, there are some proves that girls perform worst when reminded of all "incapable woman" stereotypes. You mean 12 years old? Yes they are immature, but oddly enough I did not encountered all that much uncontrollable pseudo masculinity in them. Someone occasionally acts in a way uncomfortable for girls, but it is usually considered "bad behavior" and he is called on that. Maybe because such behavior is not considered "normal" here. They do display such behavior more often when they are in boys only group eg. physical education class. Not coincidentally, it is class where it is tolerated more. To counter the general conviction of some Americans that only American males innovate and start startups? Now, we need some examples of "I innovate but I do not run startup" to counter the idea that starting startup is the only way to innovate. Generally speaking, people should be put in prison only if the prosecution can legally prove they did something illegal. "I totally know he is a scumbag" cause "some unrelated stuff that was totally shade" is not considered proof. Shady acts on the side of FBI, police and other government agencies are way more dangerous for democracy and rule of law then whatever Kim Dotcom did. The same goes for criminalization of copyright law, whether by precedent or brought law changes. I dunno. I would be largely annoyed by male only anything (except restrooms). Female only whatever (except restrooms) does not sound that much better. I work for a company that does not uses github at all. We store code on our own servers. Do you seriously think that anyone working in such company is going to be unemployable? I would say the companies you look at work in have seriously flawed hiring practices. They would not hired our best engineers, cause they do not have open source github contributions. They code plenty for work through. Out of curiosity: how does lack of apartment numbers changes anything? Maybe they through Iraq war is a good idea and support surveillance state? I do not understand what SF issue is really about, but it seems to be local problem unrelated to international or security politic. In all honesty, I found TFA extremely hard to read. It is almost as if the text would be random generated. Something about that style made my brain pick up parts, maybe because parts make sense while whole paragraphs make much less sense. So, I missed the anti-surveillance state aspect. My bad. The changed name is NOT a "lie". Changed name is her new name. As far as law is concerned, new name is the truth about her identity. And I'm not sure that court would take it against person if that person uses alias online. After all, it is general advice for teenagers not to reveal their names online. The worst thing for me is that they design for big screens and I have small one. Even when you pick up compact scheme. The record was stats screen on blogger which shown me 3cm of information panel and the rest was taken by huge sticky !mostly empty! top and bottom rows. Way to go, really. Funny enough, I am not anti-capitalist and I do not mind companies earning money. However, most startups are not really bettering the world and provide rather pretty bad working conditions while the actual job is not all that much more interesting. Half of "need" for dynamism is caused by mismanagement and unmanageable technical debt three months after project started (caused by sleep deprived programmers). End of rant. Established companies can have pretty bad management too. Great job! Hope you find success with it and thank you for open sourcing it. And that is why privacy is needed for many people. That changed long ago. All the google is doing last two years is stopping projects, removing features and replacing acceptable GUIs by less practical ones. If there is so much commented code that you can not read, delete it. If I'm not sure whether I will be putting the code back soon, no way I'm willing to dig repository history. However, commented out code is by definition free to be deleted by anybody else if it happen to be forgotten later on. Unfortunately, the type of people that actually get offended by this stuff tend to go around looking for this stuff. And once it finds it, it starts twitter campaign against you and your project. If you are have no public talking experience/training, you are going to loose and be labeled ugly names. Is this what they did? I check out their site and was unable to find out where and when exactly were they showing ads and which data were collected from phones and send to advertizers. Never mind, the "We show an ad only in the context of a call to or from a business." in their faq http://pingjam.com/faq/ is probably what you mean. So, I guess I will suddenly see ads if they detect I'm calling to business, but I will have no idea which app caused it. Genial. I would not knowing install app that does that. If only I could filter playstore by permissions. That would make it that much more usable. As it is now, it take too much time to scroll down till first app that does not require too many of them. Or control better what kind of data applications see. Anything would be better then current "we pretend you are in control, but will make it as hard as possible for you to exercise that control." End of rant. Of course not. Unless you live in economic boom or are rich. If government employee can not voice his opinions on politics without fear of being fired, his free speech rights are pure theory. Theoretically he has it, practically he does not dare to use them. It just give the government ability to yell "we guarantee freedom of speech" without really giving it. Playstore is horrible for matching buyers and sellers. You can filter games by category and that is it. Plus, mobile games reviews are practically useless. I can not even is no way to guess difficulty nor whether I will like the game. The problem is, there are hundreds games coming out for Android every month. I might like maybe five of them, many are of them are crap and many many more are good games - for someone entirely else then me. Tell me, how do I find those five I might like? Useful reviews are practically non existent. I'm not willing to pay 5$ for something I will probably play for 10 minutes. In order to find 1 game you will like, you have to buy maybe 10. So, basically, those games I do not like count into my games budget. They are partly reason why I'm not willing to pay much for one game. If there were a way (maybe curated storefront) for me to know in advance I will be playing this game for hours next two months, I would gladly pay those 5$. I would see it as cheap. As it is now, it is 5$ for something I will likely not play at all. How many people/kids were willing/allowed to sink that much money into Galaga? It was not mainstream hobby. At least, my parents taught me it is not wise investment and I plan to teach my kids the same about level ups in seemingly free games. Speaking about exploitation, I recall one especially ugly example. A game with kiddy graphics and story had crying Bambi 10 minutes into play. You came there and Bambi told you that he is dying and the only way to save him is to pay money. If this is not emotional manipulation I do not know what is. I'm not sure whether this qualifies, but I'm a huge fan: * free demo with IAP: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.jecklandin.... * full version: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zalivka.an... You can create cartoons with that. I could imagine more polish on that, but it is still better then anything else I found. I have to have credit card solely for google play purchases. It is ridiculous. He would then update the app and resubmit. It is way better then what google did in this case. Especially considering that google does not support his country at all. Why? It is quite possible that "because he had to" guy will produce more readable code. There is no reason to care about developers personal relationship with whatever technology. Important question is whether he is able to produce functional, readable, well-designed code in acceptable speed. In case of projects under time pressure, the important question is whether the developer can do reasonable trade-offs between those expectations (eg. sacrifice the right one). But adapting to circumstances includes adapting working hours. If companies expect 80 hours a week, you will be fired or have too low salary no matter how great your output is. Then you have to move if you do not want to work those 80 and be employed/work on interesting projects. "Michelle had no intention of breaking any laws and no idea that she’d broken any laws. [...] Once the SEC decided that most technology company stock option procedures were not as desired, the jail sentences were handed out arbitrarily. " I find this quite disturbing. Especially the second part. It is contradiction only if you assume that TSA frisking people on airports makes it more secure. As I understood it, "bro culture" was supposed to be about overly techno jerks treating other people (most notably women) badly. Exaggerating to explain the point: bro culture means putting picture of naked lara croft on the wall and then pretend last women changed the job cause she was too weak. The first half of the article is about minority candidates not even showing for interviews cause of structural problems in education (two quotes): * (page 1) too many kids of color who think that they're going to be basketball stars or entertainers or Barack Obama, * (page 1) By the time kids are applying for colleges, they're virtually out of the game. Then the article shows stats that tech employs mostly white people, which is not surprising given education failures described on the first page. So far so good. Out of nowhere, there is complain about bro/frat culture, as if the same article would not describe those minorities "out of the game" well before even applying. (Assuming you search for tech job after college). No relation between previous content is shown. Then another jump and it turns out the article is just an advertisement for some startup hackatlon. So, yes, companies should allow and embrace cultures other than those of their founders. No, this article still has bad title. Technical decisions should not be made on "which technology sounds cool on CV" basis. Unless there is strong reason, codebase should be in one language. Having it in multiple languages makes learning curve for newcommers unnecessary steep, especially if the company is willing to hire juniors. It also makes maintenance more difficult and expensive. Too many languages will also force your people to have very shallow knowledge. We are going to do this one module in python should be done either cause you consider to move to python altogether or because the usual language is really bad fit. "Someone wants to learn it" is both bad reason and unprofessional. "It is perfectly possible to have done nothing but C or Java for your entire career and yet remain extremely employable." I am Java programmer and the above seems to be true. However, it does not mean that Java programmers can stop learning and code as if it would be 1995. Even if you confine yourself into Java world only, there is enough to be learned in five lifetimes. Many people here equate "learning something new" with "learning new cool programming language". It is sort of fallacy. New or improved frameworks are coming out every day. You can lean new design patterns, whole domains or simply dedicate few years to security, algorithms, graphics, gui design, sound manipulation, internals of common data formats etc. That being said, it is ok to skip a technology or two. Most of them will disappear in few years anyway. It is just marketing. Goldie Blox is just expensive and not much flexible toy. Neither Barbie at 12 nor doll and cooking set at 2 will cause your daughter to be stupid. The same way as boys do not grow to be violent jerks for having access to wooden sword and action figure. Being socialized into thinking that Barbie is the only thing she can play with or into thinking that she can not figure technical stuff so there is no point in trying anyway will do it. It is more about your general attitude then about plastic mold that was used for toy. I get what you say about coddling and framing, really. Kids raise to expectation and if you help girl every single time she struggle, she will never become self resilient and will never learn to solve problems. Got that. However, how can one twist helping someone into "distributing own mistakes"? Seriously, that is beyond ridiculous. And going off ahead and get lost is also something entirely different then "they try extra hard to learn beyond their limits, even if it proves tough". The point of daddy daughter programming time mentioned in those thread is to show the girl it is normal for her to spend time coding. Boys know it is "normal" for them to code. And actually, plenty of boys do tech stuff with their parents. It was always normal and usual to teach your son crafting and tinkering. When daddy needed to repair car or some furniture he would call his son to help. It was not usual to teach the same to girl. The "daddy time" is just a call to extend the courtesy to girls too. Small kids do try to conform to gender roles they see around. Girls and boys alike, we are all herd animals. Daddy time is an attempt to offset the message about her supposed abilities and likes the girl (but not boy) hears. Glen Greenwald is more journalist then designer or css guru. When he brags about "the future of journalism on the web" he means content. There is no contradiction between discipline/hard work and abrasive style. He wrote also this "My coworkers that stood their ground and set boundaries seemed to end up on a shit list of sorts and were out of the inner circle of people that kissed the producer’s ass." So, I do not think it was a case of misunderstanding. How companies alienate their employees. Chapter: David Marcus, PayPal. Somehow, I doubt you can make people enthusiastic by threatening them or yelling at them (figuratively). Then again, I'm not a CEO. Is that how real thing worked? It is really addictive. I heard about controversy but never played the game. P "They don't give a shit about your elbow nor should they. Everyone who gets put in cuffs complains about some current or former injury." Of course they should give some shit about person arrested, especially if that person is not danger for them in any way. I would expect cops to use only necessary force. And if everyone complains about current or former injury, then those handcuffs are either too tight or cops to brutal. Especially if those handcuffed people, again, represent zero threat. The trouble is that even if great engineer moves up, his work will require zero engineering work. Few years later he is just another formerly great engineer out of touch with superficial ideas about current practices. I have seen that happen with programmers that moved to pure architect positions or to pure management. Just a few year later (2-3) and they start to have naive and idealized idea about programming and development process. Disruptive means potentially viable business. It used to mean something else, but it is not used that way anymore. I would not recommend that strategy, unless you really understand all possible consequences. The fine may much bigger then you expect and tax cheating may earn you jail time or kill your business for good. "When a product is close to launch, I become a perfectionist. Each misaligned element or awkward interaction is like a thorn in my side. " When a product is close to launch, I become paranoid. I do not want to do any changes, unless critical. There will not be time for another round of testing/regression testing. We have even whole process for that. He is talking about team moving on other projects, which means he talks about time very close to launch. It is great when the designer is perfectionist. There is also a time for that and that is NOT close to launch. You absolutely should come up with these changes while the project is far from launch so we can time for fixing them. You should absolutely NOT suddenly come up with tons of tiny little changes close to release. One of those tiny little changes may break something important and we will have no time to find out. "the crypto challenges, which are currently by far our most successful recruiting vehicle (followed by Stripe's CTF #2) are just a series of emails we send; they're essentially a blog post that we weaponized instead of wasting on a blog." I kind of hoped you are at least looking on our answers or something :) I want to work with people who are good match for a job. Most projects are not that difficult and uber-tech as founders like to think. Reliable average programmer that generates maintainable code in predictable speed might end up as useful and less annoying then bored genius. That was annoying thing company I knew did. Candidates were selected for their love of algorithms and detailed knowledge of frameworks etc. Anyone else was labeled "weak". It just so happened that the work required only surface knowledge. What they really needed was someone willing to do "boring" programming work responsibly and without supervision. So, hired geniuses were running away faster then you can say bye and those who stayed half assed work. The point of "seeing parallels" is that it seems to be moving in that direction with no stopping barrier in sight. Neither UK nor USA nor Europe are currently oppressive dictatorships. However, dissent is already punished without much appeal or protection available to those punished. Laura Poitras, Jacob Appelbaum as first who come into mind in this mind context. Powerful anti-terrorist measures are appropriate against guy with bomb in backpack planning to kill thousands people tomorrow. They are not appropriate against occupy members essentially guilty of sitting on a side walk. Similarly, strong anti hacking measures are appropriate for those who just store millions. They are not appropriate against journalists who humiliated powerful companies. Twisting non-infractions of political opponents into "terrorist acts" is what is happening here. That is essentially little suppression apparatus being build and used, just not being powerful enough yet. The more of it is build, the harder it is to stop next growth. Central planning in Russia was really incompetent and food shortages in Russia (not Ukraina) while Stalin was in power were often result of incompetence. In short, they used the fields in a wrong way. You would have to kill a lot of people. And you risk that some of them would turn out to be more effective then Hitler. The thing about people that have no life outside of work and claim to be happy is that they bring their communication and socialization needs to work all too often. Which means a lot longer meetings and a lot more small talk or playing games together etc. As in, every single one I worked with that stayed in work that much without being burned out or tired did that. I'm not willing to accept shady moves just because you are startup. For one, there is no reason to think you will suddenly develop ethics once you become big company. Second, I have been mislead the same way in both cases. Isnt it the case that introverts are more comfortable in small groups of people they know well? As long as your team does not have 40+ members, most introverts should be perfectly happy in restaurant with their team. Some of introverts I know consider themselves extroverts, cause they get very talkative and funny in their group of their friends. Me spying on you aint the same as you spying on me. First is just logically, non offensive act, another is horrible offence. Helicopter from Ebaumsworld "copied" it too. There are approximately millions copies of 2D-something-flies-and-avoids-obstacles games. First one was created approximately 20 years ago or sooner. Almost all of them are boring and few of them are able to keep players interested for more then 10 seconds. Transforming simple idea almost everybody else had into something that keeps players engaged counts as achievement too. Given madness it caused in minds of some people, I'm fine with calling it simple evil genius. Reminds me how much I dislike infinite scrolling. Only if you employ bad or only junior engineers. If you can not deal with priorities, then you have no right to call yourself senior. Especially when it comes to urgent. Good engineers are able to finish work even if you do not babysit them. My understanding is that bad news did not bubbled up. They stayed hidden and that one is cultural problem.Instead of president being informed that project will be late, programmers were informed that failure is not an option. Turned out it was an option. Cultural problems like this are often caused by leadership. Whether you will be told bad news depends a lot on your management style and on people you decide to work with. You do not have to micromanage, but if they are scared to tell you the truth, then it is often your own fault. They used markLogic NoSQL store http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2013/12/03/healthcare-govs-heart-be... Just for the record, contractor did not wanted to use it and argued the team have no experience with it. Someone in government decided it must be done that way (in spring or summer). Quoting "common position" document (whatever it is) http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/enforcement/docs/common_positi... "The use of the word "free" (or similar) may be tolerated for games which are not entirely free, if it is complemented by appropriate qualifications characterising upfront in a clear manner what elements are for free and which ones can be purchased. In such cases, the consumer should be able to access discrete parts of the game that stand alone without the need to make purchases. "Free" may not be used where the consumer cannot, without making in-app purchases, access content integral to gameplay or play the game in a way that he/she would reasonably expect. " Essentially, the customer must know what parts are free and which have to be paid for prior download. There is going to be grey zone of course, but if you app have paywall, it shall not be called free. On the other hand, you can sell custom avatars or additional levels and call your app free, as long as the description says something like: playing first five levels of the game is for free, but custom avatars and additional content have to be paid for. I guess it is risky. Many people see finding next job before leaving previous one as the responsible thing to do. Especially if you live in an expensive location or have family or other financial obligations that simply needs to be paid. Technically, you can find "temporary" job in smaller company and then move to the company you "really" want to work in. It just seem to me somewhat jerk move toward that smaller company. Not sure if you know it, but there is zero information on the internet for the wast majority of apps. Even if there are reviews, they are done by people who played for five minutes and then wrote something as fast as possible. I wanted to play (and buy) a game the other day. It turned out that unless friend brought and recommended, there is no way to learn about gameplay, difficulty, length, whether there are in app purchases or not etc. The only way to learn those things is to buy and then find out you do not like the game or that it is very short. It was not big deal for me, I googled for couple of hours and them brought nothing. There are hundreds of games being published every day and only maybe 1% of them are any good. That IS discovery problem and it is problem mainly for game developers. Since customers like me have no way to distinguish between those good games and bad games, we buy something random and then see. The result is that good and bad games earn the same, since they are largely brought on random. The main losers are here good games developers. I would argue it would be ok. There is nothing inherently wrong with apps requiring in app purchases to unlock content or pass paywall. The point is not to label them as free, so the customers can rely on the usual meaning of the word free. And when the app is about to charge money, the customer should be clearly informed it is about to do so, even if he did not turned on "require password before purchase" option. The problem is the deception, not the ability to buy things from inside the app. First, the whole document concerns itself with what is called "free". If you do not label your game as free and do not market your game for children, then you are out of document scope. Do what you want. More nuanced, according to their first position, you should be able to market game with removable ads as free (unless they cover whole screen or make game unplayable). You would be able call the game free with cosmetic in app purchases too, but you probably would have to make it clear to customer prior downloading eg. "you have to use default avatar unless you pay 1$" somewhere in description. You could even lock content unless money are paid and still call it free, as long as customer was clearly told what parts are available and what parts are not available. (Hard to understand one liner in the middle of 20 pages long terms of services does not count). I hate that. And after I worked as analyst, I started to hate that even more. Just say "I do not know" and do not waste your and my time with monologues full of guesses and sort-of-related-but-not-relevant info. It does not help. It just wastes time. If you say, "I do not know" we can work on it. We can file it as an open question until you know. We can ask somebody else or search for information. And btw, the answer to "Will mistakes sometimes happen" question is: guesses cause them very often and they slow analysis a lot. You just do not see it, because I can not go to you and show you all your wrong guess mistakes. I have to smile and pretend that I trust you while triple checking everything you say which again, slow down analysis. Working with people able to say "I do not know" is way easier and faster. If you throw around possibility of ridiculously high sentences to scare people and manipulate them into guilty pleas, then you have no right to complain when people act like being threatened with unfairly high sentence.