Quora to the rescue: http://www.quora.com/Twitter-Inc-company/Why-does-Twitter-ne... For real! These guys are masters of the universe. Obviously they couldn't massively overvaluate something. Does giving away half your startup for $1,000 in writing count? 1) I believe your "top 5 highest taxing states" is inaccurate. In 2000, at least, California ranked 19th in combined state + local tax burden according to the U.S. Census Bureau, which is decidedly middle of the pack. Pretending like we're the most highly taxed state in the country is deceptive and gives the impression that good governance (well, bad in our case) comes for free. Note that though the ranking of 19th does factor in our larger economy, it doesn't account for the reality that more highly advanced economies require a better trained and more specialized bureaucracy. So just as we shouldn't be surprised when Sweden has a better compensated civil service than Namibia, all things being equal we should expect for California government to account for a larger portion of the economy than Mississippi's or Oklahoma's, instead of being in the middle of the pack. 2) The Economist is left-leaning? Heh. 3) Most technocrats, be they left or right, absolutely hate the 40% rule as well. As a Democrat, I'd gladly trade a repeal of Prop 98 for a repeal of Prop 13. Hell, I'd repeal Prop 98 just on its own. Government by ballot box is terrible. Imagine a world where California were 4 or 5 separate states. Mendocino to Santa Cruz, including the Bay Area, as one; LA and Ventura as another; San Diego and the Inland Empire as a third; Central Valley, Shasta, etc. as the 4th. Probably would improve governance, as the Republican Party we deal with in the Bay Area would offer people like Tom Campbell instead of Prop 8 NOMers. In state level taxation. State and local taxation and spending, however, are highly coupled, and looking at state level taxation in isolation can be misleading. Especially in the case of California, where local property tax rates were made artificially low, and as a result state income tax and sales tax artificially high. As far as sociology or expose goes, the article is uninteresting. What, a giant corporation uses every legal means at its disposal to make sure it gets only good PR? What, there exist serious race and class disparities in the United States that manifest themselves in the workplace? What, Google has a good PR department that doesn't reflect actual internal practices? Quelle horreur! What's more interesting from a sociological perspective is the range of most of the reactions here on Hacker News, which seem to vary between "he doesn't understand that this is just how things work" to brick shitting freak out ("passive aggressive", "nitwit", "see a psychologist"). If you find yourself immediately jumping into defense mechanisms, stop for a second and think about why that is. I've found that turning off Firebug significantly improves Firefox's performance. Have others had this experience? Well, there are a couple different possibilities here. One would be for him to buy things for himself--this would shift consumption to luxury goods. Another would be to give them to his workers, which shifts consumption to everyday essentials (and, increasingly, middle class goods). What he's done is shift money toward capital investment, which shifts consumption C from the present to (1+x)C consumption sometime in the future. I'm not sure that's a bad thing--it's all about the time discount rate you're using in evaluating the value of economic decisions. Whose consumption is also relevant here, but a century from now the benefits of his forsaking consumption will be fairly diffused. Is this true, though? The unstated assumption appears to be that doing any single thing can be highly parallelized and the window of opportunity is infinite. But reality is rarely that kind. (1) Some things take 40 years of consistent mid-level effort. Even if you could quadruple your effort on it, it wouldn't get you there in 10 years. Building a family, for instance. (2) The chronological window. We live in a unique time in history (as have people in every other time). It's an incredible time to be a web developer, for instance. Ten years from now I doubt there will be as many opportunities. In the 1950's, you had amazing opportunities at being a worker in heavy industry; in the 1960's you could play a valorized role in the space race. Nowadays neither is an option. (3) Age window. Different ages lend themselves to different things. Sure, people in their sixties can run a marathon, but it's a hell of a lot easier to do it in your twenties. And unfortunately many of the things we might want to do are early on in life--people's career paths are fairly set by 30, and we've passed our physical peaks by 30. These aren't hard and fast rules, but they're both very real tendencies that you've got to account for in managing your life plans. (4) Some things actively conflict in more than just competing for your time and dedication. It's impossible to have an undergraduate experience that is both set in a large Southern state university centered around sports and a small private liberal arts college in New England. Multitasking to the point of constant stress can lead only to disaster, of course. The solution isn't to pretend that you'll eventually get to do everything you want but instead to choose carefully what you want most and then do it well. This is a good opportunity to show off the (fake) Haskell quicksort: qsort :: (Ord a Bool) => [a] -> [a] qsort [] = [] qsort (x:xs) = qsort (filter ( x) xs) Not 61 characters, but it has the added benefit of being comprehensible! I'm curious (genuine question): we know that if we dropped the Earth into the Sun, the climate would change substantially. And yet this is a prediction about gross properties of a chaotic system that no one would dispute. How does your point of view account for this prediction from physics versus predictions of greater CO2 concentrations causing an increased greenhouse effect, which also derives from physics? Is it simply the margins of error for different parameters? "World temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 °C (2.0 and 11.5 °F) during the 21st century" IPCC So, "one degree per century" is accurate if (a) you clarify you mean Celsius, not Farenheit and (b) you're saying the minimum increase, while also noting the maximum increase could be six times as high. The Maunder minimum argument has been around awhile. A useful counterbalance from NASA 2008: http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/2008/ -------------------------- "Solar irradiance: The solar output remains low (Fig. 4), at the lowest level in the period since satellite measurements began in the late 1970s, and the time since the prior solar minimum is already 12 years, two years longer than the prior two cycles. This has led some people to speculate that we may be entering a "Maunder Minimum" situation, a period of reduced irradiance that could last for decades. Most solar physicists expect the irradiance to begin to pick up in the next several months — there are indications, from the polarity of the few recent sunspots, that the new cycle is beginning. However, let's assume that the solar irradiance does not recover. In that case, the negative forcing, relative to the mean solar irradiance is equivalent to seven years of CO2 increase at current growth rates. So do not look for a new "Little Ice Age" in any case. Assuming that the solar irradiance begins to recover this year, as expected, there is still some effect on the likelihood of a near-term global temperature record due to the unusually prolonged solar minimum. Because of the large thermal inertia of the ocean, the surface temperature response to the 10-12 year solar cycle lags the irradiance variation by 1-2 years. Thus, relative to the mean, i.e, the hypothetical case in which the sun had a constant average irradiance, actual solar irradiance will continue to provide a negative anomaly for the next 2-3 years." -------------------------- That said, if a Maunder minimum does somehow manage to give us a couple extra decades to get our house in order (before the subsequent recovery of solar activity), that's a godsend. Let's hope it pans out. True. But if lucky happenstance lets us be where we are now in 2060 instead of current predictions, that's still a net win--we'll be a significantly richer world then with more resources and technology to adapt to climate change. On the other side of things, the ability of CO2 to contribute to the greenhouse effect may well be saturated by then, just counteracted by the solar cycle. Which would leave us in the place where we're at the mercy of sunspots (which have no control over) and our ability to actively remove CO2 from the atmosphere (which we may or may not have control over). Not so good. Let's say we could kick it down the road 50 years--I don't believe a mini-Ice Age is coming either, and even if it is NASA for one expects it to counteract only around seven years of carbon emissions. So this is all a bunch of pointless hypotheticals. But bear with me. 50 years from now, assuming around 2% annual global growth (a conservative guess), the world will be over two and a half times richer than it is now. We'll have had 50 years of technological advancement. Given that right now the biggest roadblocks to dealing with climate change are (a) the very real costs of mitigation and (b) the lack of technological ability to cost effectively generate carbon-free energy and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, there's a decent case on the face of it that we'd be more able to deal with it, notwithstanding the couple hundred extra ppm of CO2 we'd have to worry about. Part of my motivation is also that I'm increasingly pessimistic about us getting our shit in order in the present day. The current radically corporatist administration in the USA gives only lip service to the problem, and the opposition... well, the less said about the opposition, the better. So if the hand we're dealt is that we have to deal with climate change in the present, we're pretty much fucked. Kicking it down the road would at least offer some hope. Thanks for the thoughtful writeup. But I don't get specifically how this doesn't prove too much--even though climate is a complex system, we know (right?) that throwing it into the center of the sun would increase mean global temperatures. But if I said that chaos and information theoretic arguments prevent us from making any predictions, I'd rightly be laughed off the stage. What is the differentiating factor that makes those arguments apply to models looking at CO2 concentrations as exogenous forcers but not being-in-the-center-of-the-sun? I've been hearing this a lot. Is there any evidence at all, though, that it's a false flag operation? So far as I can tell, the argument is implicitly "It's impossible for anyone in the world to be anywhere near as stupid as LulzSec appears to be, so it has to be a government plant." Unfortunately, that runs afoul of the maxim to never underestimate the depths of human stupidity... Or is this more said in jest, a way of just pointing out that the script kiddies behind LulzSec are really, really stupid and doing something that threatens to undermine a free and open Internet? I don't doubt that most .NET/PHP programmers don't give a crap about security. Is this any different from RoR or Django, though? By the same token, any problem that can be solved in javascript can also be solved in CSS3+HTML or brainfuck. ...time to get to work on that framework... No, no, a thousand times no. It's not "reproducing a work at a lower quality." That would imply that the artist was trying to copy the original but could only get those dang pixels because all he had was a 1980s era computer and couldn't do any better. That's clearly not the case. It's a different work of art inspired by the original, meant to evoke it but clearly apart in purpose, aim, and audience. It's like saying that "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies" was a poor attempt at copying "Pride and Prejudice." Whoah, check out the distribution of the leading digit in binary! Shortages are a sign of a flawed market. What needs to be done is something similar to the radio spectrum; require a regular bidding process on a given domain (or, more likely, the set of domains that are in-demand). Squatting becomes a less desirable business when you've got to pay $100/year for an in-demand domain. Depends on what you mean. A healthy 40 year old has more stamina and well-being than an obese 30 year old. So at least in one way, you actually are extending your 20s, and your 30s, and your 40s, and your... I'm playing around with the trial. Some thoughts: 1) Extremely slick interface. Facebook beat MySpace in part because it was relatively clean; Google+ wins here by a mile. That reason alone makes me root for it. 2) It's Google's umpteenth foray into the social arena, so naturally most people are comparing it to Facebook. But its use cases strike me as being more comparable to Twitter than FB. 3) People can be categorized into contexts and multiple contexts. This is the killer feature. I find myself wanting to just eliminate the "Friends" circle wholesale and just have a different circle for each cluster in my social network. 4) I might be misunderstanding how sharing/the feed works. But, if someone is in any circle and you are viewing that circle's stream, I think you see whatever they share. I'd like something finer-grained than that. I have one friend who I both bike with and play board games with. If we get into a conversation about a ride on a weekend, doesn't the model inherently mean what I see in the board game stream gets polluted with the bike conversation? Own site. Vaguely similar to Facebook, but less "formish" and more interactive. Black bar at top. "She has no grasp on the effect..." "...the guy who put it forth has no clue about how the internet works..." "...has literally no clue how this works and doesn't care a whit about the effect it will have..." Really? Is e-commerce so weak that it can't compete on a level playing field with physical retail? Even if you think it is that weak, is it really so outlandish for people to think it can that it's worth a page of venom-filled invective? Yeah, Amazon's cutting off its nose to spite its face here, but doesn't that mean you should be mad at Amazon, not the state government? And yet somehow companies like WalMart and Target manage this terrific feat. It'd be better if there were a unified system of national sales tax. But for a company Amazon's size, it's a laughable idea that it's somehow impossible to do this magnificent feat of implementing a lookup table.* The hard part is keeping things up to date, but a good faith effort to do the previous would get Amazon pretty far. *I worked for a company that is a thousandth Amazon's size in revenues, but it managed to do it for the whole state of California. It genuinely can get complicated--zip codes can cross county lines, for instance--but again, far from impossible, and when this becomes widespread third party solutions will pop up a lot more. This ignores the critique that the "better experience and price" online retail offers comes about because Amazon doesn't have to pay sales tax. This makes everything Amazon sells 10% cheaper in California, which means that even a totally equivalent experience offered by WalMart would be seriously disadvantaged. That said, this is a very sub-optimal solution--it's lose-lose-lose. It comes down to the fact, though, that one of Amazon's key competitive advantages is being able to avoid sales tax, and no solution which is (a) genuinely achievable and (b) levels the playing field will be supported by Amazon. In substance, that's a bad analogy. If you order something from WalMart.com, you have to pay sales tax for your jurisdiction, even though it's not a physical cashier in your jurisdiction ringing it up. It ends up giving Amazon an unfair advantage, just by virtue of the mere fact that it doesn't have physical retail locations in the states it sells stuff to. Naturally, lots of people are pissed off at this turn of events. For good reason, too--everyone's losing here, including the State, Amazon, consumers, and various developers and start ups. Even the shadowy backers of the legislation (WalMart, Target, etc.) don't win an even playing field, because Amazon still isn't going to pay sales tax. Since many people's livelihoods are very threatened by this frack-up, it's not too surprising that there'll be some itchy fingers. Perhaps. But we obviously do care about it, for whatever reason. If you're looking for media that cater to people in the mainstream, there's always USA Today and Reader's Digest. The first paragraph gives it all away: "The clock is slowly ticking toward Aug. 2, the date on which the U.S. faces "fiscal Armageddon" — according to the Obama administration — unless Congress agrees to raise the debt ceiling. But would we?" Yes, it's an Armageddon according to the Obama administration. But also Speaker Bohner. And Senator McConnell. And Moody's. And the CBO. Etc. It's also terribly inaccurate, even from a Cato perspective. A 44% cut in federal spending really isn't accurately described as something that will "almost certainly hurt." Pretending to believe that that's doable in any sensible way doesn't lend much credence to the writer. Even if it were possible to do things as he suggests, it wouldn't solve the central problem. The United States has _legal obligations_ to pay Social Security benefits, make sure our retired soldiers receive their pensions, and other civil servants get the healthcare benefits they're entitled to as part of their agreed upon compensation package. These aren't things you can go "oopsies, I don't feel like paying it, maybe next month." And even if you were to do this with extremely questionable legality, it wouldn't help the central issue, which is faith in the credit of the United States. If I pay off my credit card bill but have to renege on my mortgage and car payments to do so, my credit is still going to be shot. Lastly: this is about two weeks late in Republican messaging. It's now Obama who's pushing for larger long-term deficit reduction and spending cuts than Republicans (on the order of 4 trillion instead of 2 trillion over the next decade). This is, it should be said, not merely twice as big as the Republican package but also twice as stupid and boneheaded. Regardless, that's how things stand--Republicans are likely to refuse Obama's 4 trillion in favor of their 2 trillion, which is only half as stupid so on net good for the country. Good for them, but unfortunately it undermines the Cato dude's argument about it being about the deficit. Whenever you see numbers like this, always ask two questions. Is it adjusted for inflation, and is it adjusted for economic growth? If you're feeling really wonky, you'd also adjust for sector-specific inflation. For instance, disproportionate increase in the cost of health care. Which I hear the government spends a couple dollars here and there on... They need reform on the scale of decades, though, not years and definitely not months. Large super-majorities of the public oppose cuts to SS and Medicare. This, by the way, includes self-identified conservatives and Republicans. In large part this is the public being ignorant and wanting something for nothing--if the public had their way, we'd balance the budget and double Medicare and SS benefits by cutting foreign aid payments. That said, for something as important and widely supported as these two programs, we should be discussing solutions to their long-term funding issues as a standalone debate. Cutting them after a month of backroom negotiations while using the credit worthiness of the USA as a hostage strikes me as very inappropriate and not politically sustainable. Edited to add: the reason these cuts are stupid is because many of them would come into effect immediately, which would be disastrous for our already weak economy. The size of the cuts are appropriate if projected into the future and not the immediate present. There's a lot to agree with here and a lot to disagree with. But I think of it as a separate debate. The fact remains that those obligations do exist. Even if conceded that it was stupid for us to enter into these agreements, they're still legal and still have legal force. If your company agrees to pay another company for some service or product but then refuses to do so at the end of the month, that's both illegal and immoral. Same deal here. I've had some good results by messing with the query string. But only for particular values--last I tried, 5 was often a good number. Dunno if it'd catch people in Berkeley, though. It's understandable on its own. That said, all the volumes are pretty wonderful. Braudel is my favorite historian--materialism without nutty Marxism. I'm torn about this. India is a much more pluralistic society, and Pakistan is a failed state. But one of the points made early on in the article makes it seem as if the Partition was entirely Pakistan's idea, and the hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people who died were all innocent Hindus being slaughtered at the hands of murderous Muslims. "But violence erupted, and it quickly became clear that in the new homeland for India's Muslims, there would be no place for its non-Muslim communities. Pakistan and India came into being at the cost of a million lives and the largest migration in history." Which is far from the reality; it was a clusterfuck all around, and communal violence was the rule of the day on both sides of the partition line. It wasn't just Muslims in the 30s who called for two separate states. Many Hindus did too. It's true, the most prominent Hindu in the struggle (Gandhi) wanted a single state and tried to (in theory, at least) accommodate the large Muslim minority. For those efforts he was assassinated by a religious extremist. Of course, you hear religious extremist and you might assume it was some Muslim who thought Gandhi was too effective a voice for unity. To the contrary, it was a Hindu nationalist who thought Gandhi was a sellout to the Muslims. This strain of Hindu nationalism that endorses the use of violence has appeared again and again. As recently as 2002 a riot occurred in which a Hindu mob murdered around a thousand Muslims. All this isn't to say the Muslims on the subcontinent are all paragons of virtue and liberalism. They aren't. But the story the author tells is just a pleasant story, meant to appeal to the baser instincts of Wall Street Journal readers. Maybe more than that, it's a story meant to appeal to India's own self conception, where it's as pure as snow and it's those dastardly Pakistanis who've made everything terrible. If you think you can patent utterly absurd things... well, you understand patents pretty well. Well, the best you can say about Larry Summers' tactlessness is that it's equal opportunity. And, is that the Winklesvosses in that photo? This is the bigot in me coming out, but that picture alone is enough to make me root for the Zuck, a difficult task indeed. Even rich assholes deserve their day in court, though. If they were defrauded or had their IP stolen, then you've got to follow the rule of law, regardless of where it might lead you or who it might offend. Also: there's no actual evidence of asshole-ness besides their costume and cultural affects (rowing?). While even in the best plausible telling of the Facebook story, Mark clearly pays the part of massive asshole. We usually hate the visibly "asshole" type because they got to where they are through privilege, connections, and looks. All of which the Winklevosses have in spades. But they have apparently started multiple businesses and produced things of actual value; they're putting their privilege to good use instead of jumping into consultancy or investment banking. So it's a bit of a presumption to call them "rich assholes." They are definitely rich, and may be assholes, but we've got no evidence of the latter. It's not like Facebook made a bunch of money and then they jumped on it for a shakedown; from the moment it started, they've been upset for a perceived breach of legality (questionable) and a definite breach of ethics. Haven't followed it closely, but stock shenanigans on Facebook's part is apparently what they're upset at. My very vague impression is that it's like if someone gave you an envelope full of hundred dollar bills in exchange for something, but in actuality they were all twenties. Dunno if there's anything genuinely to that, but that's the argument. Work is different from producing value. Of course, it's easy to say that "well the fact that they get paid well is indicative of value-produced!" This is only true, however, within a particular cultural paradigm that we've constructed and is by no means universal or timeless. And, no, simply working long hours does not mean that investment banking or consulting are somehow not lucky. The fact that as a revealed preference privileged people often choose to work in those fields over others points to it being a pretty good play for them. People aren't allowed to do whatever they want. Unless the person is a corporation. In which case it becomes a cost-benefit analysis. Not a particularly useful exercise. Imagine 100 years from now we've maintained the same debt level. This graph will show just as much information (big numbers are big!) as it does now, but the analytical value of it (if it exists now) will obviously be totally dissipated, as we'll be an order of magnitude richer. A better comparison would be to take a single person, and put the per capita amount of debt in $100 bills next to them. If you want to get really histrionic, do it with a baby. Still, it won't come up past the ankles (around $15,000). This isn't a small amount, but at the same time it's not the end of the world. My college loans come out to that amount, and I barely notice paying them monthly. It's equivalent to having a mortgage-sized to around five times your annual income. An annual income that typically grows 2.5% a year and comes with a machine that prints out money whenever you need it. Edit: typo in Google search, it's more like $50k than $15k. So a bit worse than that analysis would suggest. Yeah, left off the tens (of trillions) digit when I calculated it. "Even the Soviet Union" is a bit misleading, though I understand where you're coming from. The USSR banned lobotomies in 1950, while in the USA it was banned... never (though some states individually did). In fact the USSR was the first major country to ban lobotomies. Lobotomies legally happen even today in the USA, though there's no longer the epidemic of wanton misuse. I just say this because it's easy to get into the rut where anything the Soviet Union did was bad and everything the USA did was good. There's no reason per se to expect Soviet doctors to be particularly evil compared to American ones. Which isn't to justify the many many evil things the Soviet state did perpetrate. "When confronted by observations that cast doubt on the validity of their theories, astrophysicists have circled their wagons and conjured up pseudo-scientific invisible entities such as neutron stars, weakly interacting massive particles, strange energy, and black holes. When confronted by solid evidence such as Halton Arp's photographs that contradict the Big Bang Theory, their response is to refuse him access to any major telescope in the U.S." Uh huh. No, it makes perfect sense. She's black, and she faced an all-white jury. This is in suburban Atlanta. This is where "jury of your peers" can be pretty useful. Apparently none of the jurors had ever ridden in a bus before. I really also want to put the city planner up for trial, because the reason she jay walked was that the nearest legal crosswalk was half a mile away from the bus stop. In suburban Atlanta, however, I've never seen any evidence that city planners even exist. The issue with the devil's advocate position is this. There's no such thing as an "ethnic" European. Race is a very recent sociopolitical construct, born in the 16th/17th centuries and initially used to justify English supremacy over the Irish and only later picking up connotations of skin color. The genetic differences between a Scotsman and a Spaniard are far larger than those separating a Greek and a Turk. Pre-modern European tribes did not place an emphasis on race; it didn't exist yet. Nor did they care about protecting the nation or their national heritage, as the concept of nation itself took centuries to form millenia later and only started playing a major geopolitical role with the French revolution. This isn't to say the tribesmen were multiculturalists; they had their own cultures and were often wary of outsiders, but mostly for reasons of self defense. But the supposed desire for genetic homogeneity didn't prevent Scandinavians from raiding the French and British coasts, abducting women, and forcibly mating with them, despite their cultural and genetic differences. It's pretty funny to be told you're white. It is fair to point out that it's wrong to claim race doesn't exist. It does. But it's just as wrong to say that it's somehow immutable or a scientific concept (though, as pointed out above, human genetic clustering is a real phenomenon). I'd be curious to see some real numbers on this. How much is this costing Google directly? How much does the offensive damage Facebook in the pocketbook? Unless there's a genuinely huge advantage at play, I think this is a bad move by Google. They're supposed to be the good guy against Facebook, and they're just pissing that competitive edge away. Remember that government is the monopoly of the application of force. When you have a competitive market in force... As I was reading the article, it became clearer and clearer that it had increasingly serious issues. I got to thinking to myself, "Please, whoever wrote this paper, please don't be physicists stepping outside their domain and making the rest of us in physics look like fools." Then I saw. Physica Review E. =( For a different point of view on the legitimacy of tactics like sit-ins, please check out http://goo.gl/5JuJn There's a misunderstanding here. I wasn't saying that those tactics are justified because Martin Luther King wrote a justification of them. I'm saying Martin Luther King wrote a justification of them, and a damn good one. The point is not the reference but what the reference points to. A key paragraph: "You may well ask: "Why direct action? Why sit ins, marches and so forth? Isn't negotiation a better path?" You are quite right in calling for negotiation. Indeed, this is the very purpose of direct action. Nonviolent direct action seeks to create such a crisis and foster such a tension that a community which has constantly refused to negotiate is forced to confront the issue. It seeks so to dramatize the issue that it can no longer be ignored. My citing the creation of tension as part of the work of the nonviolent resister may sound rather shocking. But I must confess that I am not afraid of the word "tension." I have earnestly opposed violent tension, but there is a type of constructive, nonviolent tension which is necessary for growth. Just as Socrates felt that it was necessary to create a tension in the mind so that individuals could rise from the bondage of myths and half truths to the unfettered realm of creative analysis and objective appraisal, so must we see the need for nonviolent gadflies to create the kind of tension in society that will help men rise from the dark depths of prejudice and racism to the majestic heights of understanding and brotherhood. The purpose of our direct action program is to create a situation so crisis packed that it will inevitably open the door to negotiation. I therefore concur with you in your call for negotiation. Too long has our beloved Southland been bogged down in a tragic effort to live in monologue rather than dialogue." The point of nonviolent activism isn't to harm someone else or their economic well-being (though the latter is often a side effect). It's to force a rupture or break in the institutions of a community to resolve what King calls an underlying tension in that community. By forcing people in power to use violence against nonviolence, it disrupts the ruling ideology by pointing out its hypocrisy and forcing action by threatening the breakdown of the social order predicated on that ideology. Of course, a neo-Nazi may well try a sit down, but that's likely to be ineffective as it's not exploiting any inherent tension and isn't going to cause any huge community squabbles that have the potential to degenerate into violence. As to why it's okay to threaten the social order... well, in effect because laws and order exist to establish justice, and we are compelled by moral law to oppose unjust laws. Which is, you might say, just saying we should do this because this is right. Perhaps. But it's a difficult proposition to say every action can be be considered individually and judged without moral context. Occupied Resistance in WW2 fought the Nazis and broke many laws (including not just vandalism but murder). A slave in pre-Civil War America who ran away, and anyone who helped that slave run away, was breaking many federal and state laws, as well as seriously disrupting the economy and commerce. Those were unjust situations, though, and so it was right. The point of that article was more that this had hit CNN than any new information about the event itself. Pretty meta, but not unreasonable. So simple! Hugely, massively ignorant. For one, much of the funding for roads comes from taxing gas, which truckers pay proportionately for. Beyond that, have you ever bothered to notice those little areas on the side of highways called weigh stations? You know, the ones where you don't have to stop? Yeah. If anything, the subsidy runs from truckers to casual drivers, not the other way around. I'm sorry, but the ignorance expressed in this thread by some is absolutely astounding. Per mile, truckers drive far more safely than the typical driver. Just to put things in immediate perspective. Beyond that, though, some people here are spending a whole lot more time blaming the drivers for the inevitable lapses in safety that occur when you're driving thousands of miles a week. Of course, it's definitely more comfortable to do that than consider the systemic reasons that happens, and your own role in it. Goods have to be transported. The almighty market demands that. Which is to say, you demand it. So various companies have sprung up for centuries to transport those goods. These companies compete to lower costs as much as possible. If they don't, they're driven out of business, because stores know consumers prefer something to be a nickel cheaper even if it's bad for the environment, the truckers, and other nearby drivers. If a price is higher, companies choose to go with the trucking company that offers the cheaper price, because consumers like their nickel. The way we've set up the system incorporates the public safety dangers into the price, via lawsuits etc., and the way we like it is to essentially demand that companies force drivers to drive the hell out of their trucks and their lives. We like our fucking nickels. At least more than any safety concerns. Some here have said "well if the job is hard, then quit it!" Wow. Do you think people don't do this? Do you think that changes the market equilibrium at all? It doesn't. Whoever replaces him or her will drive under the same demands and incentives, and will on average respond the same way to those demands and incentives. No benefit. I've seen also some victim blaming in saying "well if the job is hard, ask for a raise or get a union!" Interesting story there. Back in the mid-20th century, trucking was one of the most heavily unionized industries, via the IBT primarily. However, in the 80s and 90s, various Republican and Democratic administrations collaborated with trucking companies to make war on the unions. Originally truckers were employed directly by the companies, but eventually those companies realized they could react to unionization by outsourcing truckers, either into private shell companies that closed down as soon as unionization hit or by hiring truckers as contractors. Various NLRB boards aided and abetted this regulatory change. The ruling elite (of which we are all part) largely cheered this on, because those greedy truckers are stupid and uneducated and don't deserve to make as much as us hardworking educated intelligent people, masters of the universe that we are. So, we got our way! And our nickel. Drivers ended up atomized and could not collectively bargain against the buyers of their labor, decently-sized companies who had monopsony power in the trucker marketplace. So everyone ends up driven to the least common denominator. If you want a better system, fight for it. Moreover, vote for it. Otherwise when some trucker nearly drives you off the road because they have to feed their family, you're just getting what you paid for. Actually, splitting the heavy trucks into smaller trucks would be better, paradoxically. Wear and tear on the road increases exponentially with vehicle weight. Weigh stations account for this by increasing the cost per pound for larger weight classes of truck. The reason it doesn't happen is because then you've got to pay additional drivers, which outweighs the cost savings from avoiding the additional road use taxes. It's not so much the proverbial nickel that I'm angry about. Customers can't really be expected to know all the nitty-gritty details of how the good was produced and transported. The much more relevant issue is people voting for systems that make the nickel the rule of the day. And in all fairness many of them are voting on other issues or are misled about the issues by the mainstream media. Or maybe families are just too busy and overworked and lack social support for childcare to have a chance to critically consider the system. In the end most people aren't bad, they're just people trying to survive as best they can. So perhaps the anger is misplaced. But without anger you only have despair, and at least with anger you get heard. According to you, we are paying a low price for goods to be safely transported. What's the problem? The point is that we're willing to put truckers through harsher and tougher conditions in exchange for cheaper goods. The tradeoff is less safety. It'd be perfectly possible for a company to have truckers drive max 8 hours a day, with 2 hour stretches of driving separated by 15 minutes of rest time. This would be safer for the trucker and for other drivers, but a company that did this would simply be unprofitable unless other companies were, one way or another, mandated to do the same. If that were true, I'd have a very easy time hiring programmers and artists. Or are the laws of economics somehow different for truckers than for programmers? This is a slightly muddled understanding of economics. You're acting like the reason things suck now is that the labor market for trucker labor isn't in equilibrium. The issue is that it is, almost by definition. The reason truckers drive at a different level of safety now than in other possible realities is because that's how the market is. To change that you'd have to change the current regulatory regime. Descriptively speaking, the structure of the labor market in trucking is different than that for programmers. Markets can empirically differ, you know. Engineers have specialized skills and multiple purchasers for their labor. Indeed, in lots of ways an engineer has some level of monopoly power over her employer, due to the non-fungibility of her labor and the search costs. The same is not true for truckers. They don't have specialized skill sets, and their labor is demanded by only a few large firms at most. Search costs are almost nonexistent. This gives employers significant power over them in the labor market. Oh, couldn't agree more. Different countries have different issues--my largely uninformed take on Argentina is that its biggest hurdles to development are shady bureaucracy and corruption. In the US I'd identify it as the domination of labor by capital. In my perfect world, power would be distributed diffusely, so that no person or institution would be able to effectively coerce another. According to you, truckers are already safer than non-truckers. Isn't that safe enough? Depends on the marginal cost of saving a life by increasing safety standards. Typically if it's $5 to $10 million/life or less, I'm in favor of it, which is typical for policy decisions in the States. And if truckers begin to quit, the equilibrium will shift. Do you have any evidence that it will not? I feel like we're talking past one another. Yes, drivers could quit en masse, which would change prices. But they don't, which is a revealed preference--they prefer driving unsafely and feeding their families to not driving and not feeding their families. The current equilibrium is the reality; what you're looking for is an exogenous shock, while a single person entering or leaving the market is endogenous. According to a quick google search, there are about 500,000 trucking companies, 96% of which operate 28 or fewer trucks and 82% of which operate 6 or fewer trucks. From that same site: "It is an estimated over 3.5 million truck drivers in the U.S. Of that one in nine are independent, a majority of which are owner operators." Just under 400,000 of those 500,000 companies are single truckers who are contractors. Sheer number of companies isn't a good measure of competitiveness. You've got to look at the full set of and characteristics of employers in a given region. Check out, for instance, Boise, Idaho. http://www.quicktransportsolutions.com/carrier/idaho/boise.p... It has many companies, but if you look at the distribution of number of trucks operated, there's a very long tail. The median number of trucks operated is 1, but you see a couple that are > 100. Just like you might have hundreds of OSes but an effective monopoly by Microsoft, you've got to look at the actual share of the marketplace. As you note, the search and switching costs are also lower, which makes the market for truckers closer to an ideal free market than the market for programmers. So why do you believe prices will not respond to a shift in the supply curve for truckers? It is closer to an efficient market than that for programmers, notwithstanding the caveats I mentioned above. So, yes, prices will respond in a shift in the supply curve for truckers. But you are under the impression that a single person entering or leaving the market shifts the supply curve. That choice is an endogenous in the model--people choose to join or leave the market based on the prevailing price--whereas a shift in the supply curve is exogenous (e.g. related to automation, increased education, mass slaughter of truckers, whatever). The last general strike that Teamsters were involved with was 1934. That's a long time for the companies to react. Yes, but they don't require the same answer. It's certainly possible that, when condoms are made widely available in a region, this will result in more people having sex. Likely, even. The Vatican's position is that this increase in people having sex outweighs the lower average chance of transmission. This is empirically false. But it needn't be inherently. Suppose you offered people some other form of protection that decreased the chance of transmission of HIV by 90%, and for some reason in response to this people widely abandoned the use of the condom. This would increase the overall prevalence of HIV by a wide margin. Take a model where this device decreases the chance of transmission of HIV by 0%, while making some decent sized chunk of people more likely to have unprotected sex because of a false sense of security.* In that case, passing this out at night clubs would likely significant increase HIV's prevalence. I see a definite use for it, but more in the way of buying a 4 pack every year and not having to go to a clinic. *I think this model is likely correct, given what we know about the epidemiology of HIV. Very interesting. Are you suggesting horses play the part of Tyler Cowen's Zero Marginal Product workers in the Industrial Revolution? http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2010/07/zer... Also, if you remember where you saw that point specifically, I'd love to read it. If you read S&P's actual paper, it focuses on political dysfunction, not economic. For instance, they said that if the Bush tax cuts for people making 250k/year were allowed to expire, then they would have allowed the USA to retain its AAA rating, but the American political system seems incapable of making the necessary revenue adjustments to attain fiscal consolidation. Of course, S&P is really just a bunch of corrupt idiots, so either way you shouldn't pay much attention to them. The downgrade didn't cause this. At least, you need a rather complicated model to explain how it did. Interest rates fell on US Treasury bonds; this means investors think they're the safest instrument to invest in. Today we saw equities crumble, not bonds. I would guess it's mostly the evolving European situation that's throwing us headlong into the abyss, with a hefty serving of realizing the USA is run by clowns who are utterly incapable of addressing any important problems. Note that this is beyond simple "politicians are teh stupid," which applies in any country, but in the USA particularly. Europe's facing serious problems, but that's because they're burdened with very tough choices as a result of badly thought out institutions from the 1990s. The USA faces very easy choices, but we're facing serious problems because... well, we want to? Because we have a dysfunctional government? Who knows. Regardless, it's an unforced error. Take everything Stephen Moore says with a giant grain of salt. He has some, er, very hackish tendencies, especially when veering away from research and trying to give a pretty finish to right wing policies on the WSJ op-ed page. it's a spending-more-than-we-have-revenue problem Which can be fixed either by increasing revenue or decreasing spending. Raising taxes increases revenue. Pair Clinton-era tax rates with some very modest reforms to Social Security and some much more significant ones to Medicare, and we'd honestly be sitting pretty well. And even if we did nothing, even now the biggest economic issue by far is jobs, not projected deficits in 2040. Edited: upvoted you, because I can't conceive of why others should have downvoted you... Your model itself is a significant assumption, though. Consider the Clinton tax hikes combined with some moderate restrictions on growth in spending as a counterexample: they ultimately led to the closest thing to a budget surplus we've had in our lifetimes, ignoring details like whether we technically were in surplus or not. It is fair to ask whether that's sustainable, as in the 2000s we saw our politicians take those projected surpluses and spend them on tax subsidies for the well-off. Which, indeed, is just what that model predicts. But that just speaks to the need to elect better politicians and create better institutions to act as an endogenous curb on unjustified spending. Your argument is overdetermined. If that were the case--if there are no underlying causes except evil people burning things for the lulz--then why now? Why isn't it a constant presence in every society that has evil people? Indeed, why hasn't it been a constant presence in England until a few days ago? Going further, if it's only happening in England now because people have become evil, why did they become evil at this particular point in time? Wow, what'd they do to the slide rule? Well, climate change is damaging to humanity, and if we can do something to prevent climate change that is less damaging to humanity, we should do it. Regardless of whether it's solar or anthropogenic. To be clear, though, it's very certain nowadays that much of the observed climate change is due to humans, primarily through emissions of greenhouse gases. As far as incalculable trillions: really? For one, monetary figures don't really cover it. A Bengali life is economically worth a couple tens of thousands at most, while an American one is worth millions. Their well being isn't captured by purely economic measures. That doesn't mean we should trade hundreds of Bengalis to save one American. There's also the libertarian point of view that, no matter how many SUVs an American might want, that doesn't give him a right to destroy a Bengali's home without his or her consent. It's easy to hypothesize maybe some alternative policy response that involves a massive Marshall plan to... well, all the world. Do you think that's even vaguely plausible, though? I can't speak to European politics, but within America the chance of that ever happening is zero. Nada. Nil. No one wants to pay taxes even for their own schools and roads, let alone handouts, let alone foreign aid . Why is it that most people who are concerned about the effects of climate change and invested in dealing with it think that pushing for more prevention is the best use of their efforts, not mitigation? I assume you wouldn't say they're all stupid. Lastly, it's extremely controversial to suggest that the costs of prevention outweigh either (a) the costs of climate change itself or (b) the costs of mitigation. Unlikely, even--many places that use far less energy per capita than we do are hardly anti-technological dystopias. Thing is, even if the HIV were as deadly as regular HIV, it'd likely give them a longer lifespan than they'd have without it. Of course, it'd create that risk. You can expect to live for a decade or two at more or less your current lifestyle until near the very end, while with aggressive forms of cancer we're talking more about months of extreme pain and suffering. If you (a) use protection and (b) are taking medicine as prescribed, however, even the risk of infecting someone else isn't that high. Your viral load remains very low; I remember a study in Switzerland that suggested that two HIV-discordant monogamous partners engaging in anal sex aren't at significant risk of seroconversion even without a condom, if the HIV-positive partner uses his drugs at prescribed and there aren't compounding factors like STDs. Which isn't to say it's a good idea. It's definitely a trade I'd make in a second, though. Then again, I've seen people waste away from leukemia and not from AIDS, so my perspective is admittedly skewed. Edited to add: that study is most definitely not a license to have unprotected sex with someone who has HIV. Just to be clear. One of the most exciting things that has happened to me recently was finding a brand new copy of this in a used bookstore (real version, not EE) for $8. No marks, no anything. (And my life is full of excitement, trust me!) Great book, one of the must-reads. Though I'll admit I've only gotten like a third of the way through it... Well, the code base is really kludgy and pretty much indecipherable. Just a pile of Mesozoic-era spaghetti code and Webforms. I wonder how much kvetching could have been avoided simply by making Vim open up in insert mode. W4S has a pretty big agenda, though, and it's main point comes off as "it's the unions' fault!" They fail to mention unionization rates in Finnish schools, though. There's also convergent evolution. Why should there be a patent for, say, swiping a phone to unlock it, or having a context-dependent touch keyboard? Even if they are actually innovative (which I'd argue aren't, but whatevs), if you've got a good design team, even if other teams copy you after you release, you still have half a year on them where your design team is pounding away on the next greatest thing. If If I got a patent on using color screens on mobile communication devices back in the 90s, should I be able to sue Samsung and Apple off the market unless they go to monochrome or pay me a bajillion dollars? Also, Google and Apple have been doing this back and forth? Really? Cite, please. Yeah, definitely not junky. X220, replacing the stock HDD with a SDD. Clean install of Arch. Points to note: when it first came out, I had to come up with a patch of tp smapi to get it to work. Not sure if that's still the case. You'll get inferior battery life in Linux, even worse than in Windows 7. I'm typically getting 5-6 hours on wireless doing not particularly intense stuff. Also some oddities with the special ThinkPad keys that's simply a matter of not caring enough to fix. Touchpad a bit funky. It's a solid alternative, though I think I mostly chose it for a superior GUI, not the system itself. In the abstract, obviously any bit of knowledge is worth having. For assembly, I'd even bet the value you get from learning it outweighs the effort you put in. The relevant question, though, is it at the margins the best use of your time? Having a solid grasp of the Wikipedia-level knowledge of assembly is very valuable, but beyond that I'd be skeptical. Sure, you could learn it--but you could also learn about other topics, like writing a compiler, the theory of operating systems, understanding the layers of the TCP/IP stack, or working in a purely functional language like Haskell. All or any of those might be a better use of your time. So might learning to salsa, building social capital by hanging out with friends, or learning to bake bread. So, maybe? But only if you're very curious about it (a good thing!) and have also knocked off other relatively more valuable and lower hanging fruit. Of course, I've not taken the time to learn it, so it's quite likely there are some hidden benefits I've not managed to grok. The target language doesn't have to be assembly or machine code. Plus, that's just one of several steps, and not necessarily the most interesting. The website of the project generating these results: http://www.erialproject.org/ The main takeaway should be "students have a hard time finding good sources because researchers hide their articles behind layers of unintuitive interfaces that finally bring you to a broken link." Ah, here it is: http://www.erialproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/ACRL-... Ish. PP presentation with no data. Unfortunately, last I heard was that the Mirasol project had in some way been cancelled, though the technology is still actively being improved. It'll be awhile before we get Mirasol =( Discussion when news first broke: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2955087 New information: San Francisco Police Department spokesman Lt. Troy Dangerfield now tells SF Weekly that "three or four" SFPD officers accompanied two Apple security officials in an unusual search of a Bernal Heights man's home. ...plainclothes SFPD officers went with private Apple detectives to the home of Sergio Calderón, a 22-year-old resident of Bernal Heights. According to Dangerfield, the officers "did not go inside the house," but stood outside while the Apple employees scoured Calderón's home, car, and computer files for any trace of the lost iPhone 5. Group of people show up in plainsclothes. One knocks on your door and identifies himself as a police officer and alludes threateningly to your family's immigration status. Two of the others ask if they can enter your house. You agree to it (and they find nothing). Everything in that series of events is incredibly sketchy and falls under the heading "if it isn't illegal, it should be." And if you go by the spirit of the law, the Apple employees should definitely be charged for impersonating police officers, given this narrative of events. Note that it would still be incredibly goonish even if (a) they made sure the dude understood they were Apple employees and not police officers or (b) everyone involved actually is a police officer. Pure nastiness on the part of Apple and the SFPD. The teacher-student-parent relationship isn't adversarial. When you say that parents should advocate for the side of the child, you make it seem like it's a sports game or trial. It isn't. Imagine you take your child to the doctor, and the doctor says that your child drinking several milkshakes a day is bad for his health and leading him to obesity. If the parent went on and on making excuses for him--"Billy gets stressed out by school and needs milkshakes to unwind!" we would rightfully mock the parent. But when teachers give feedback about how they've observed Billy picking on other kids, parents require proof that their special snowflake would ever do such a terrible thing and, when proven, start looking for reasons that the other kid brought it on himself. Everyone's on the same side, here. And to be fair, though doctors and teachers are both professionals, the higher status and respect given to doctors is in many ways earned through very hard work. But teachers are professionals too, not ex-convict nanny babysitters who are out to get your kid, and their suggestions and criticisms deserve serious consideration. It's definitely pretty thin-skinned for the teacher to get upset over that. The reason that the teacher sees that repeatedly is that its an effective technique. It establishes a level of trust between the child and parent--the parent is willing to hear out the kid. And it immediately puts the kid in a tough position unless s/he fesses up to the misdeed. Getting buy-in from the child about the legitimacy of what's happening is very useful when trying to figure out how to deal with it. Of course, implicitly by asking for the kid's word that this happened the parent is opening up the possibility that the teacher is lying. But it's necessary, and even if the kid rejected it I'm sure most parents would almost certainly still believe the teacher's narrative. It's just a pro-forma verbal tactic to get appropriate buy-in from the child. I'm not surprised that a teacher would superficially feel a bit miffed by that, but they should understand and (however grudgingly) accept the reasons its helpful. One thing I really like as a developer is that I have the ability to work part-time and from home if I choose to. If I ever have children, I'll definitely do this so I can home school my kid. Public education is efficient at what it does, but not optimal compared to an alternative world that allows all children to have a specially tailored and flexible curriculum. Ain't no such thing. Javascript programs can be relatively pure now, and even Haskell isn't truly "pure." The first graph is the most interesting. Productivity has increased substantially while wages have remained relatively stagnant. More of the surplus value of labor has been accumulating to capital. This means that people who get their income primarily from labor have lost a great deal of power vis a vis those whose income comes disproportionately from ownership of capital. Questions and some guesses: 1) Why is this? If labor can extract less value, that would suggest that it has less bargaining power. That is, labor is more fungible. This fits in with what we experience as developers: one of the great emphases that (successful) companies place is on making developers replaceable and their labor roughly equivalent, through an increased emphasis on frameworks and general languages. It also makes sense for less professionalized labor. Heavy industry requires skills to operate effectively and runs the risk of shutdowns at centralized production facilities, while services and light industry are much easier workplaces to dominate workers. 2)How do the unemployed and underemployed fit in? This is complicated, as women have entered to workforce to make two-income households, while zero-marginal product men have left it as they cannot be employed profitably. 3) Was the threat of communism an enabling force for the middle and working classes in the "good times" leading up to the 80s when it finally started to crack and fall? Before the ruling class in the United States had to optimize the economy to be as effective as possible against the threat of Communism. This meant sacrificing some of its own well-being to buy off the rest of our consent for the ability to play a major role in geopolitics ( this buy off taking the form of concessions to unions, more forceful labor market interventions, healthcare, investments in public education). 4) Could the increasing inequality somehow be a statistical artifact? Smaller countries tend to be more egalitarian than richer ones. Most individual countries in the EU and states in the USA have a lower Gini coefficient than the EU or USA as a whole. Could a similar mechanism cause a larger and more sophisticated economy to feel pressures to become more unequal? Its tricky to simply blame it on USA policies, as most Western countries have also become significantly less egalitarian than they were in 1970. Which isn't to say that US policies didn't cause it in the USA; it's just that those policies didn't appear in a vacuum, and you've got to identify the forces that caused it around the world. I don't buy pg's argument, but I don't find it implausible at all that an economy dominated by a few large employers will tend to have more similar compensations for the same job class than one of many small companies. If you did a survey of developer compensations in Silicon Valley, do you think (a) developers who work in corporations with over 500 or (b) developers who work in companies with under 50 would have more egalitarian compensations? My intuition suggests the former, in line with pg. I'd love to see actual evidence of this, though. My disagreement with PG would come with whether that's the primary driver of inequality. For that, I'd argue it's the increasing power of generic capital over generic labor, instead of competition between specific types or quality of labor. Per worker, not by hour worked, where I believe I've seen [citation needed] at least the French and likely others have us beat.