Grails!! OP here. Sorry for the URL, but I caught it in my twitter feed on my mobile phone and posted it. Maybe HN's mods can fix that. I tried to editing it but while you can edit the title and/or add text, you can't edit the URL (which makes sense, actually). Sorry guys. Thanks! Just the answer i was looking for!!! I love how Ikea embraces new technologies to make life actually easier, without bulls t. Actually, inside any client, you can do M-x eval-buffer and re-evaluate your whole .emacs. http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Lis... A note: I' be careful though, because depending on how you create your variables, thing can go wrong, I guess: if you-re going to use eval-buffer on your whole .emacs, I'd better use, for example, add-hook instead to add-to-list: (add-hook c-mode-hook 'linum'mode) instead of: (add-to-list c-mode-hook 'linum-mode) Just saying. Have fun with your configs :) lol It's been a while since I last "walked out", but the one time I most clearly remember is this: Informed this guy I was not going to work any further with him, took another job on and simply ignored his emails/texts/whatever. Blocked him from calling me (Android blacklist). I just saw him one or two times, to collect the remaining payments. I've been pretty formal when talking him, and whenever he asked "I'm doing things" was my reply. "Suit up!!" That is Murphy trolling you very, very hard. There's even an AMI image for Amazon ec2 hosts IIRC, which brings down the costs when coupled with a reserved instance. Well, consider that probably the content was developed by someone who knows what he/she is talking about, and has been later edited by content editors, mistakenly. This is a reasonable explanation to me. I always thought that having a yearly subscription to a gym that provides at least showers and lockers is a good idea. OP's story seems to confirm. I used to use ZoneAlarm free firewall back in the day I was using Windows. At first it's annoying because it'll ask every single time a process wants to use the network, but after you train it, you'll get warned and explicitly ask whenever a program outside your regular ones wants to access the internet. But keep in mind that if, for example, you allow Firefox to access the internet, you won't be protected from code run by Firefox doind nasty networking stuff. Oh, I must pay attention to that. That is a very interesting observation. Edit: In the land I come from (south Italy) it was fairly common up to 50s and 60s for a couple to raise many children, as many as 7 or eight. The reason is dead simple: being the economy largely based on agriculture and being schools not very common, more children meant more helping hands. That need has basically disappeared. I came to think that many, many times deep understanding an elegant, well crafted solution are just an exercise of style, not really needed, and not actually needed (often a waste of time). And __DON'T__ get me wrong on this: I love understanding how things work and write beautiful code. The thing is: you're working for a company, and let's say you're using $language and $framework. You have the deadline in a month (or two months, or n months). You come across a problem. And here the kind of company you're working for makes the difference. If you're working for a small or medium sized company, maybe it's just better to google an answer and do some copy-paste from stack overflow. Small-sized companies have more interest in getting things done than anything else. Typically. If otherwise you're working for a big company, you're developing code which will be used by thousands (millions?) of users and your company has (or wants to establish) a role in the open source industry, then you sit down and examine the bug, you examine the stack traces, you fix it, and maybe submit a patch. Not only that, you also want to make your code as fast as it can possibly be. Because saving 2% execution time on two servers may not be that interesting if you have to spend three weeks, but saving execution time on 300 or 400 servers (or more)... Well, that matters. As many other said, it's all about compromise. You may want to consider applying for a position to $big_company. THIS. THIS. THIS. THIS. A MILLION TIMES THIS. The source code is awful and crappy, but 14 years later it still renders. Also if you save the page and load in the browser it will still load correctly. Gloriosus tales of a forgotten past. Working, so that i'll charge 1/3600th of dollar more. Did you guys try Emacs' org-mode? I feel its syntax to be similar to markdown but way more powerful. THIS. I cannot agree more: MEGA. It just works, it has client for android, windows, mac, ios, gnu/linux. Also, if you feel like paying, it's way more cheap than Dropbox. And you get privacy! All of the encryption and decryption is done client side. If you don't believe that, go and see the (public!) APIs. Algorithms. I mean, bad algorithms. When your algorithms is O(N^2) or worse, like O(N^3), the computer will handle small amount of data, and faster hardware will only allow your N to grow very little. (N being the amount of data your algorithm is dealing with). ...wow. I might just get off The bed and try it right now. Tetris is among The games GNU Emacs provides. Coincidence? I think not. I opened this tab and forgot about it. Didn't realize it was a car purring, began doing smartctl tests on my hard disk. Lol. 999£ will get you a brand new computer, why spend it on an external graphic card ? Hey, you may want to check this out: https://stack-todolist.herokuapp.com/ It's an application I wrote as I was learning Go. It's a "bookmark stack". You want to save a link? You push it in the stack. You want to read something interesting ? You trust your past self and pop something from the stack. One of the ideas is not to know what's on the stack until you've popped it out, and get used to read a page carefully once it's popped, and not to stack links "indefinitely". It a bit WIP, but feedback are welcome. Next thing on the to-do list is bootstrappizing the general look&feel. This is The dawn of a brand new era. I had nice results blocking ads with squid+adzapper. The nice thing is that it does not slow down firefox, ad opposed to the adblock plus extension. I've been writing m68k asm code and building gcc-based toolchains until two months ago for the computer architecture exam. In my emacs setup, I use Hermit (a font for programmers, by a programmer) https://pcaro.es/p/hermit/ The article is paywalled and i can't read it. Might sound like a stupid idea, but using "issues" on GitLab/GitHub ? They're pretty easy to understand, users can assign issues to other users, and labels make it easy to say what kind of problem the issue refers to. If you can't work... You can't work. Mutt or The emacsclient in terminal mode (ncurses) Good luck getting 86MPG with an used Lupo 3L. And hey, driving downhill is cheating. Also confronting used stuff with new stuff is just dumb. Plus, I don't know where you live, but in the city a thing like this could do just fine: in the city where I live I see plenty of Renault Twizys driving just fine. Lol!! Sincere kudos to Leonardo. I used to hang out with him and some others in #netbsd-it on freenode some years ago (when I was using NetBSD). He is a very nice guy. Emacs' org-mode is missing. This. But what if robustirc goes down? :P Could you elaborate on that ? This is spam in italian... LOL ? Yes, most is awesome. I recommend that too. JsonPath is no standard and last time I checked there only was a quick-and-dirty JavaScript implementation. Oh God someone is finally speaking some sense on this topic. From the replies: > What type of cat did you use? This may require a certain > weight distribution and pawing behaviour to avoid keyboard > buffer overflow. "Oh cazzo, un debian!" -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ocXFgowZA Just a quote: "Don't worry, I've got a small program that reads from /dev/null!" Step 0: Get a folding bike. Step 1: Be an adult and carry it around with you. Might feel strange at first, but eventually people will get used to it and will stop asking questions. Step 2: Live happily. As a proud X220 user, i can confirm it is an awesome laptop. As of window manager, I am giving stumpwm an extended try. No complaints so far. I wonder what would happen if somebody does something similar with a piece of software (open or closed source). I mean, I wonder what the legal consequences would be. I used to write small Java MIDlets using just GNU Emacs because the laptop I was using at the time was too old and slow to run NetBeans. I have to say that since the Javadoc format for documentation is the best format ever, I was productive anyway. Actually, it made me get very very quick at browsing documentation and appreciate it. Also, by browsing documentation manually, I got to discover many neat stuff within the default-provided Java packages. ... Did you know you can do neat stuff with java.awt.Robot? ;) I have a Nexus 5 and a no-brand tablet I use only to read ebooks. And no, I do not like them. It's not about the hardware, the software or usability. It's about the fact that mobile phone has become the 21st century leash. I do not install random apps, and still my phone is always busy and burdened with notifications, notifications, unread messages and such. Wherever I am, day or night, someone is going to trigger a notification on your phone, send you a message or worse, CALL YOU. And thank god I ditched Facebook a long long time ago. This is _SO_ annoying. Also, it is ABSURD that I have to manually edit notification settings for every app in order to disable crap. And apps want absurd permissions (stupid example: want to convert degrees to radians? well, I'm gonna need access to camera, microphone, your contact list and your identity). Thank god android 6 fixes this. Sometimes I think I should switch back to my old (but SILL WORKING) Nokia N73, and keep my Nexus 5 as nice toy, just in case I need Google maps or something. It's high time Mozilla gets its shit together. > Ideally the tools would be language agnostic and easy to monitor That's literally cron. In order to get the output of a cronjob, most of the implementation will let you prepend a MAILTO=" " before the line containing the job. A mail will be delivered to the system user identified by , likely in /var/spool/mail/ . I am not sure, but maybe you can use a full email address too. Want statistics? Wrap your command in a statistics-gathering application (go find one in the internet or roll yourself). Low resource? Thunderbird? You might want to check out claws-mail. You get notification via a plugin (on debian/ubuntu, the plugin is in another package, but it's very easy to get). What Heroku services are you using ? Is there a pdf or epub version somewhere? I'd love to save it on my e-reader THANKS!! So... Couldn't the question become "why there is no Foxconn in the USA" ? While I share the "struggle", I do not 100% share The opinions expressed in this article. You can always be honest and professional by stating the obvious, that is: - An idea by itself is worth pretty much nothing. - I do not share your opinion and I do develop projects for a living so we can agree on a price and I can develop a prototype for you. These two statements are more than enough to end the conversation very quickly and professionally if your interlocutor is not 100% inclined to actually develop his/her project. And I really don't like phrases like "Learning to code (and most tech stuff) isn't hard". Learning to code beyond triviality is hard and that's why there are so many tutorials on the internet, and it takes a lot of time and dedication. And seriously, why do you devalue your (and other people's) work so much? Grow a pair and learn to say to people: - "I might be 100% happy and willing to develop your idea, but writing code is my job we can agree on a price. Otherwise, go talk someone else" Or: - I am sorry, but I don't share your idea and I am not interested in developing it. You might want to try talking someone else. Do not elaborate much if not asked to. People don't like advices they didn't ask for. It was high time for it to come back. When it stopped working it seemed to me that time had moved abour three years backwards. It seems to me that most commenters are ignoring the fact that the author is a guy that basically left high level mathematics after completing his phd. So basically he went doing other stuff not functional-analysis-related and his functional-analysis got rusty. It seems quite reasonable to me. Call it old code syndrome, call it "my math got rusty", it seems quite normal to me. Also: according to http://fjmubeen.com/about/ , the author got his phd in 2007. It's 2016. Almost ten years. What... What are we talking about? You're right. I still think my point is valid though. I guess he still has a strong mathematical background, a solid problem solving attitude, but details of the topic of his doctoral thesis are missing. It's been many years, it isn't strange at all. Dumb question: what will change for end-users ? Kudos to Apple for standing up to the US government and stand by its users. I would like people that keep saying stupid stuff like this to try and compare the size of GNU Emacs to the size of, say, NetBeans, Eclipse or Visual Studio. There is an enormous amount of stuff that "conventional" IDEs to and emacs does not do. Consider NetBeans: there are a lot of people that use the NetBeans platform to create stuff that have nothing to do with programming, the very same way emacs users create modes that have nothing to do with programming: https://platform.netbeans.org/screenshots.html Seriously guys, grow the f k up. As an italian, I call bullshit. Some people are just closed to new stuff and Wired writers made a whole-italy-opinion out of this (out of a few tweets, actually). To be 100% honest, when I've been in a Starbucks store (in London, Geneve and Hamburg)... Well, the baristas just don't know how to make a proper espresso coffee. Despite this, I guess that Starbucks in Italy will be smart enough to hire italian baristas that have previous experience on how to make an espresso coffee and let them avoid starbucks-only recipes/techniques (assuming such things exist). Also, I hope italian starbucks will be as nice as other countries, and let me sit at their table, mind my own stuff and enjoy some coffee or tea or something else. In the end, they are very welcome to come and open all the stores they want. If they will be able to adapt to the italian market and stay alive... We will see. 'data' comes from latin, and 'data' is plura. the singular is 'datum'. In Italian (the direct descendent of latin) there is both singular and plural for datum (singular: 'dato', plural: 'dati') IMHO the right thing to do is to update system-config-printer to work with python 3 and forget this issue. I used to own an HP Jornada 728, and run NetBSD or JLime Linux off a compact flash card. It was an amazing device, it's very sad nothing of the kind has been produces. Folks at jlime.org (Kristoffer, IIRC?) were designing some custom FlashRom boards in order to have better hardware control and not need windows ce to boot linux. I haven't checked in years, who knows if they got anything to actually work... I like the fact that at the end of the transmission they "stream" some data (code, possibly?) to viewers at home by just airing it. A relative of mine asked some very similar question a while ago, asking: "But this computer i bought in 1999 was super fast at the time, how comes it is so slow now?" While the computer is the same (actually it was upgraded by adding more ram and a way bigger hard disk) the real difference is the amount of data we process: in 1999 we did take dozens of 5MB 12-Megapixel photos, we did not have rich internet applications in our browsers (Facebook?) and we did not have full-hd movies. I feel that many times the software gets slower, but more importantly we use the same computer to perform computation on bigger-sized data (sometimes even an order of magnitude bigger). Very interesting. I can confirm nethack is a very nice game. Did anyone mention the emacs interface yet? http://www.nongnu.org/nethack-el/ Meh. http://oi65.tinypic.com/11uagc6.jpg This is actually a nice joke. I think users should be able to flag a certain subtree of the comments tree as "off-topic" or "tangential" so that after a certain flag threshold such subtree is automatically shown as folded, and users would be able to see the most related comments first. This is awesome. I wonder what else can be "grown". Same is for HN. I submitted this exact same video 18 hours earlyer... WTF ? > https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11372150 I am getting downvoted a lot and I really don't see why. I didn't mean to be offensive towards the user that posted this entry, but just highlight this "issue". My main "wtf" is due to the fact that in the past I submitted links that were already in the system and I got redirected to the comments page, as usual. Considering this is the exact case and there are eighteen hours between submission, i guessed this is a noticeable glitch. So please, stop dowinvoting me. I think the main difference is that it is not a subculture anymore. Playstations run a very heavily modified and locked down version of FreeBSD. I write my small web applications using the Gin framework, I feel no shame in this, but I partially agree with the link you shared. But, quite frankly: - I like that gin does some of the work for me. - I like that I have to write a bit less code, while basically keeping all of the semantic - I like that I can access the Request and ResponseWriter structs via the gin.Context struct. I dislike (or opinions I share): - Well yes, sometime things break and you have to a bit more time on the problem - Sometimes new features come out and you will have to wait for or framework developers, or even patch it yourself (all things that actually keep you from writing your code) - Sometimes development of the framework take a path you just don't like. - Sometime you find that things could just be done better, but developers disagree and you can't fix this problem without forking and ending up with ANOTHER micro-framework. In the end, I am still okay with going with the gin framework. I feel no special love for gin, but it is okay. What I would really, really love is something like Grails (in terms of development speed), but in Go. It's sad that you can be sued for using numbers. Too OberonStation costs nearly 180$ Many friends of mine have been or are OVH customers due to their low price and all of them say the support is just awful. In my own experience, when I was consulting a company with a physical server on OVH and opened a ticket... Well, you know when you open a ticket, you don't know when they will be answering. Also, they have an awful ipv6 setup: https://otacon22.com/2016/02/21/two-hosting-providers-ipv6-s... I've used phone support and according to my experience, their phone support is as poor as the regular one. I was/am developing a web application to create beautiful flashcards, using LaTex. I coded a very basic MVP that basically let you create a deck of cards and export it to PDF for print and cut. I showed it to some university friends but none of them showed real interest. I still run it on a dokku instance on Digital Ocean, because I use it myself from time to time. If anyone is interested, the stack was golang + gin framework + postgresql + texlive + javascript + bootstrap + mathjax. At the end of this all, it was a nice exercise in building something useful with Go and I now have a nice tool in my toolbox. I had a fairly nice experience with X2Go. But you might also want to try stuff like icebergs.io or nitrous.io ( https://www.nitrous.io/features ) Dumb question: in this context, "TPS" means... ? T Per Second? Thanks :) This is interesting to me because recently I have been playing with the open source spice software, ng-spice, and all of the other tools. I'll make sure to watch the whole series tomorrow morning :) I would like to point out that compiler explorer is very easy to extend with other toolchains and that Matt Godbolt is a very nice person. I extended Godbolt's Gcc Explorer adding other toolchains (Motorola 68000 and MIPS, built with crosstools-ng) beside the standard AMD64 one, and released as a Docker image. I did this because... I had to read and write M68k code for a class, and having GCC generate code for me (with -O0 and the colourisation feature) was the easiest way to get some code to read, besides the very basic examples) In case you have to work with MIPS or M68K, you can find my "version" here: https://hub.docker.com/r/esantoro/acso-explorer/ IIRC, the bundled gcc is version 4.9.something A very nice book about assembly programming is "Assembly Language Step-by-Step: Programming with Linux, 3rd edition" ( http://www.amazon.com/dp/0470497025 ). The nice thing about this book is that it guides the reader at understanding how the machine works first, and only then to assembly programming. The sad thing about this book is that it references 32 bit intel-compatible processors. My guess is that the original author has grown old and is not interested in producing a fourth edition of such book. On this matter, I would like to ask: is it worth learning assembly for the x86/32-bit instructions, now that pretty much every computer is built on the amd64 architecture ? I bought Graham's "Ansi Common Lisp" book and read it briefly, and tried to write some code as well. I also read "Successful Lisp" briefly. Hoping to give constructive feedback and not to start a flame, here are some opinions/impressions. Please note that : 1. These are mostly impressions, not complete opinions. 2. I am only talking about Common Lisp. I am not talking about Scheme, Clojure or other stuff. Ok then: 1) Lisp feels... Messy. Expecially when you're learning it. 2) Maybe... Too many implementations? This is not a problem per se, but sometime it happens that not all the implementation implement all of the features, or implement them differently enough that you have to write the same code for different interpreters. Example: https://github.com/stumpwm/stumpwm/blob/master/make-image.li... see the various #+clisp, #+sbcl and stuff. 3) Batteries not included. The ANSI standard defines the language and pretty much nothing more. Yeah you have libraries and quicklisp, but it feels fragile and quite "opaque". Also, I always used SBCL and I am not 100% sure all the libraries work with all of the interpreters/compilers. I feel it would be nice to have a new standard that defines a set of additional API that implementors should implement. Ideally, it would be nice to have common lisp to be "batteries included" like Python. But please let's avoid the Scheme SRFI mess. Consider this: it is a fact that MIT introductory programming class switched from Scheme to Python because among other things, students were spending too much time reading libraries manuals and implementation references instead of writing code. 5) The Common Lisp HyperSpec. Let's say I find it to have a poor usability. 4) Stuff is generally poorly documented, and fragmented. While things like quicklisp work, it's visible that those are basically one-man projects. This isn't reassuring. 5) Given the heritage, there is not such thing as a "Lisp community" and the lack of governance is quite evident in the sense of lack of direction and lack of uniformity in pretty much everything. 6) Emacs. "It's lisp!". Well actually emacs lisp and common lisp are different languages, and differences will come up. Emacs is my editor of choice, but I' starting to grow worried about it. These are some of the reasons why I decided not to "invest" in Common Lisp. Android Nutella :D It's... Slow. The idea is nice: create groups dynamically. But god it's slow. It has the same problem that Google Plus had: it's SLOW. Boringly slow.