I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one? In 20 years i'll have my own jet pack and rocket car too. Rosie, can you get the door please? Scaling Twitter: Making Twitter 10000 Percent Faster http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:mfi_ssC0kxwJ:highscalab... (highscalability.com is down. perhaps they need highavailability.com?) People mis-configure Apache all the time. They leave their site wide open for attack. They're vulnerable. Saying it's not a vulnerability when 3,000 sites all have their source code visible to the world is like having your arm chopped off and saying "no it isn't, it's just a flesh wound." I know it's not a cool remote root buffer overflow exploit hat trick 540 front side flip, but it's a security hole which people need to be educated about. Obligatory perl example, pretty messy: U="onelinebot:one.onelinebot";curl -d 'track=obama' http://stream.twitter.com/track.json -u$U|perl -ne'/\"screen_name\":\"([^"]+)\"/&&`curl -d "" http://twitter.com/friendships/create/$1.json?follow=true -u$U`' I think you missed the point. Most people don't own an iPhone. Most people who have iPhones don't exclusively talk to other people with iPhones. And most people don't buy a data plan just to send or view an e-mailed picture message from their iPhone-owning buddies. Music for me. If i'm feeling distracted or can't quite get my thoughts clear, I blast hardcore punk or drum & bass and once my blood gets pumping the productivity begins. Sometimes it doesn't work so well and i'll try something on the opposite spectrum - bob dylan's first album, slow classical piano/strings, etc. Also, and this may sound weird: a trip to the restroom. Sitting on the can for 5 or 10 minutes helps me think about the one problem without distraction. Usually I can formulate an outline there and come back and start typing. I agree. The only workers this would attract are 'hacker hobos'. It's almost the same as the plot to The Seven Samurai - pay us 3 meals a day and we'll work for you. The problem is, you get what you pay for. I think anyone with skill would find a job that would net them actual money, since most people have bills and like to purchase things. For similar services sure, or services which rely on others even if they aren't similar. BK went down and all of a sudden Twitter's throwing 503's. Coincidence, or strain on backend resources from users fleeing to their back-up social network? You can't store everything in memory all the time. There simply isn't a computer built which can do that. Horizontal scaling with commodity boxes and layers of cache are the most cheap and effective method of returning a high rate of requests as quickly as possible. http://www.halhigdon.com/15Ktraining/Stretch.htm http://www.indoorclimbing.com/stretching.html stretch beforehand to prevent injury and after to remove lactic acid and soreness. it's been stressed to me on several occasions that stretching post-exercise is critical, and at our gym we do 10min of yoga after a 1-1.5hr cardio session. i'm still getting used to some of the exercises and my calves need constant stretching or they get tight and painful. They did that at a company I worked for. Really big "X", guy was incredibly smart. Ended up doing absolutely no work because he was "the guy who wrote X" and could get away with it. The memory use is not accurate unless you take shared pages into account. Copy-on-write will make it look like each apache child is using 40MB, when really it's only 10MB private RSS. Use a RSS-calculating script ( http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/misc/meminfo.pl ) to determine the close-to-real memory use. If you don't calculate your maximum memory use correctly you will run into swap with traffic peaks. Also keep in mind that swap is a good thing. Is your app constantly cycling children? This isn't going to allow it to move unused/shared memory into swap. Don't ignore memory leaks by reducing your max requests per child. The forking thing is more of the same. Copy-on-write means it's not going to balloon your memory unless some function turns that shared rss into private. It isn't something that you want to do a lot of, though. I guess the corrolary to this article has to be "Don't let your startup's sysadmins diagnose development-side issues." You'll have to add "Make sure your developers can diagnose development-side issues" to the list as well. Most web app developers I have met do not know how to diagnose problems, or simply defer immediately to the sysadmins if there's no syntax errors or logs to refer to. It is a social game, but i'm not sure how much it's not as social as basketball or any other sport really. Those who don't play for money or to win an executive over (redundant) play in order to hang out with their friends. The game itself has its own interesting skill to acquire, but I guess since it doesn't have an athletic component it's lost in the "shuffle" of old person games. Still, I defer to George Carlin on my opinion about what we should do with golf courses: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C7c-nZIyfc I did something like this. Living as a homeless person is probably the biggest perception change you can have without drugs. People who drink Natty Ice are 35% more likely to live in a southern state and own a pickup truck, and people between the ages of 21 and 30 who drink Pabst Blue Ribbon are 125% more likely to be douchebags. These statistics are true 300% of the time. Mostly security and forensics tools which aren't mainstream. There aren't many practical, mainstream uses for "evil" hacker tools. Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Netstumbler, l0phtcrack, Aircrack, SATAN, Snort, Honeypot/Honeynet, John The Ripper, p0f, Ethereal/Wireshark, Hping2, Netcat, Dsniff. Like others have mentioned, any copyright-breaking tools like MPlayer, DeCSS, rtmpdump but there's no way to say these were written by "evil hackers" (more like hackers who just wanted to watch their own DVDs or download free public videos) Can anyone reply back with a list of known services which would be affected by this attack? Would like to stay away from them until patches have been circulated... You could base your meet-ups on anonymity and uniformity. I've always wondered why these sites focus so much on pictures. I think they should be based on personality and similar interests. Take the pictures and user-ids out of the list of people going to meet up. Also you can add structure to the event. I find people are much more likely to meet a bunch of strangers if they know exactly what to expect and what is going to happen. The social map idea isn't bad at all: you might not get a great idea about a person by their biased autobiographical profile. Looking at their facebook or myspace activity may glean much more insight as to their personality. One of the things that strikes me about dating sites is how they're designed for people who are the absolute best at communicating and putting forth a good impression. If online daters were so good at that they probably wouldn't be trying to get a date online! There needs to exist mechanisms that help people to express themselves. Also, I could just be crazy, but it seems like there's some inherent dishonesty in presenting yourself via online dating. Are you lonely? Horny? Bored? There doesn't seem to be a way to express any emotions or desires that others may share without appearing undesireable. Some way for people to connect based on their emotional state seems useful to me, I just don't know how you'd present it to users (other than perhaps through hidden settings and a "show me users who feel similarly to how I do" list method). Well, he is fucking right. The fucking point being that the fucks in the Perl 5 camp need to get the fuck off their high horse and move on with the fucking business of Perl without being defensive will end up benefiting both these fucking camps in the end. And who the fuck knows, maybe if we get more familiar with both fucking languages we can fucking communicate and improve both fucking codebases? ......... Fuck. Heh... Basically, we don't. Sad, really. It's mostly due to apathy and no mandate from higher-ups to pursue stronger security, but in general our farm is only strong enough to keep generic attacks at bay. 0-days, man-in-the-middle, hell even some SSL vulnerabilities are possible for us. We have a "security team" so we defer most of the security precautions to them and just keep our base software configured not to let anyone unauthorized in. However, utilizing host-based as well as network-level intrusion detection tools, combined with kernel-level and userland-level security patches and mandatory security access control policies is the best all-around solution. Grsecurity for kernel patches, an OS base with strong security in mind (many new distros use things like stack-smashing-protecting patches to glibc), snort for network IDS, tripwire/portsentry/others for host-based IDS, SELinux configured for all your hosts to further enforce your access requirements. And of course, diligence: monitor security lists (particularly the one for your distro/kernel) and update immediately when a patch comes out. I played with Debian for a while and didn't like it. Slightly more annoying to use than rpm/yum. I know lots of people like apt, I just didn't, and I didn't much care for the stable/unstable/testing branches (I assume Ubuntu has the same hirearchy?) This is a side-track, but can anyone tell me why distros aren't packaging their apps to be installable/run-able independently of each other? Eventually people want conflicting versions of software installed (i'll admit very rarely for a desktop user and more for systems whose OS doesn't change as often as their developers' application requirements) and you have to become a fire juggler with your now-custom packages. Just install every single application and library in its own path and use a wrapper to determine default symlinks for the base-system and reference alternatives directly as needed (apps can also link to their preferred library and path this way so that wouldn't be an issue). In fact, I wager you with this filesystem layout you could go much longer without upgrading your OS as newer libraries/binaries would simply be installed to deal with the new requirements and used accordingly. (I know this may sound complicated as hell but it's not much more work than the current man-hours put into setting up individual packages for building across multiple OS revs) And another thing: Jolicloud's "ideas" page is the worst web 2.0 market-speak i've ever seen. I can't take that OS seriously. All I wanna know is: Can I tunnel IP traffic through it? http://thomer.com/howtos/nstx.html You will be reinventing the wheel; that's part of working with open source on big sites. There just isn't one open-source deployment/backup/versioning/etc system out there. Nearly every large deployment/backup/versioning/etc system i've seen has been custom. Most of these details will be specific to the group you're working with and the project's requirements. Don't worry so much about getting the process right or finding a pre-packaged solution. The most common solutions will be the same old tools re-worked and customized to get the job done on that site. I'd say the best thing you can do is put your fingers into every single open-source pie you can and get a feel for it all. The rest is a natural evolution of developing for your target platform. Looks like this 3-D camera he developed has been used in films before. Why didn't they change film forever? Do we expect to enter a new era where everyone uses James Cameron's insane attention to detail in order to make a headdress look realistic, or develop a new language and teach it to actors? The article smells of hype and seems to justify this long-delayed epic "to out-Lucas Lucas." I'm no film buff, but the cinematography of certain parts of the trailer reminds me of the same second-rate "Lets get a really wide shot of this big computer-generated battle scene" effects-for-the-sake-of-effects schlock that's been shoved down our throats for the past 10 years. The Na'vi look really cool. But every time I see a perfectly framed complete shot of a monster leaping out of some shrubs in slow-motion I want to throw a shoe. We get it. It looks cool and somewhat life-like. Now can you please show us something that's designed to evoke a response other than cooing in delight of your wonderful technical achievements? 403's with wget user-agent. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :) wget "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:36-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.100, 74.125.91.101, 74.125.91.102, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.100|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 403 Forbidden 10:11:37 ERROR 403: Forbidden. pwillis@bobdobbs ~/ :( wget -U "Lynx 1.2.3.4" "http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers" --10:11:41-- http://translate.google.com/translate_tts?q=hello+hackers => `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' Resolving translate.google.com... 74.125.91.138, 74.125.91.139, 74.125.91.100, ... Connecting to translate.google.com|74.125.91.138|:80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length: 6,192 (6.0K) [audio/mpeg] 100%[====================================>] 6,192 --.--K/s 10:11:41 (103.07 KB/s) - `translate_tts?q=hello+hackers.1' saved [6192/6192] A brief summary of the /.'d http://www.nookdevs.com/Rooting : take off the plastic casing, remove the embedded microSD card, mount it as ext3 fs, `sed -i -e 's/^\(.\+\)adbd\(.\+\)disabled\(.\+\)$/\1adbd\2enabled\3/g' init.rc`, umount, put sd card back into nook, use android dev toolkit to connect to port 5555 and start a shell This is kind of amazing to me. An open android device with free cellular internet access? If it has a mic this could replace my phone... Agreed. But in my personal experience, most films with generous amounts of realistic-looking CG end up sacrificing what makes films really fun to watch: an engaging story, realistic portrayal and cinematography that brings you into the film instead of sitting in front of it. The visuals are worthless if you can't make people feel something other than "ooh... aah..." and i'm (hopefully incorrectly) assuming this movie - with its highly-anticipated technical wizardry - will follow in the footsteps of its predecessors. I'm assuming you're talking about some kind of atomic file-or-block-level backup such as LVM snapshots? Large files such as databases can change while reading them over a long period of time, so a standard disk image or file copy wouldn't be reliable for a live system. Use SSL. Make sure the cert is valid. And hope nobody comes up with yet-another SSL vuln. edit And hope that they haven't gotten a new valid cert by hijacking mail for the domain, too. edit Or, hard-code the domains and IPs in your hosts file. ... which is something i hate about most browsers. why don't they cache the cert indefinitely and wave a big red flag any time it changes at all? the occasional false alarm due to renewal would be a fair cost for the gain of more notice to unauthorized changes. just to clarify: they could obtain a new valid cert by redirecting the MX to their own mail server and requesting a new one via e-mail, right? or is there another way? Here are some more useful options: * "-C" to exclude all common revision-control working directory files. Lowest filter priority, consider the rest of your args. * Look up backup rsync guides and add snapshot or "--backup-dir" support to your deploys for a cheap alternative to system snapshots and other deployment reversion techniques. * "-E" and "-X" for when you just want to apply execute settings and not blow away whatever custom permissions you may have on your deployed files ("--chmod" is also helpful here) * "--delete-after" and "--delete-excluded" to clean up files you've deleted from your source files. * "--timeout=120 --contimeout=60" Because nobody needs to wait 5 minutes to find out their deploy failed. * "--compress-level=9" * If you have a huge deploy tree, it may be faster (though less reliable) to run find SRC -mtime -8 -print0 > files.txt && rsync OPTIONS --from0 --files-from files.txt DEST This will make a list of only the past 7 days' worth of modified files to attempt to rsync, which may cut down on the total time to deploy considerably. * "--log-file=/big/partition/deploy.log" To get a better idea of how the deploy is going or how it went. * Consider if you need --delay-updates to make the deploy more atomic. If files get deployed a few at a time, will this cause the user experience to suffer? Load as well as long file lists can cause long periods between updates. * If you have more than one developer that can deploy to the site at the same time, consider that rsync should only be your file-transfer tool. You need a whole other layer to account for transaction locking, who is deploying or reverting files, and basic logging is very handy to track down problems. But that's a bit out of scope for this link :) The man page and docs in the source detail how it handles these different circumstances. The short answer is "very robust" and there are options to customize how it behaves during partial or total success/failure. I am not surprised Weta doesn't use Isiton. We've had nothing but problems. But they are cheap. And Aspera rocks . Wait - preserve local edits? That sounds bad. It is a handy tool for dealing with versioning and rollback. But i'd hate to be the guy who deploys a hot fix and suddenly rpm is out of locker entries. i dont really care what hn is about: i found it cute and pointless. maybe thats what the discussions on hn's purpose really are about? whether a story is 'important', 'informative', or purely entertaining. i see no reason not to include all of them. but perhaps a way to separate them would allow some to focus on the generic category they prefer. just my two cents. That is the datacenter our company uses. Cat 5 rated, plenty of power, hosts a slew of EMS and other core services. Some parts of it aren't the best but you could do a whole lot worse in Florida. What intrigues me about this is the possibility of leveraging cheap clouds that are literally racks away. Hmm... It's a cloud provider that doesn't use Virtualization. You don't need Xen or OpenVZ to have a handful of boxes and an API to address them as a distributed redundant machines. (Does anyone even know what Beowulf clusters are anymore?) IIRC opening a file and using link() is about the only portable atomic method of file locking. Works on NFS and pretty much any UNIX. There may have been some other trick to making it work right on NFS but if you're going that far you may just need a lock manager. I agree. If only every client were capable of properly-configured non-buggy NFSv4... Hence why I say the "portable" method is with link(). There are a lot better solutions if you don't have to support crappy clients. i would love to read this except i am using windows mobile and am shown some "use a different browser!" page instead. this is annoying The more you try to become a Hacker, the less you are one. has the cheapest prices out of any VPS by far This is not accurate. There are many VPS's which are cheaper, many of which have much greater capacity for the money. Some are fly-by-night scams. Others have several years of stability with good support. Check forums and VPS review sites to find the best match. That said, I have nothing against prgmr or linode and would use them if I needed a super-reliable VPS. (My main VPS is Linode, my secondary is with Kerplunc Hosting) in your example thirst for knowledge was not learned, it came naturally. if a person looked throught the telescope and wasn't filled with wonder and curiosity, would you say that was a failure in teaching? no, because some people do not care. they are not naturally curious. also there is a distinction between someone who is curious and someone who is compelled to tinker and learn more due to their curiosity. any normal boy may be curious how his RC car works. a hacker takes it apart and tries to obtain the secret to this mysterious device and what makes it tick. i do not believe you can be shown how to have this trait. you can emulate it, but you gave to really obtain a curiosity about all things unknown. is it possible to develop this trait over time? yes. but i think it has to come naturally, and not by a book or FAQ. haven't had it for long enough , but the bandwidth seems spotty (sometimes 500k, sometimes 2mbit, etc) and seemingly high ssh latency, maybe cpu load on my slice. but other'n that good so far with a stripped down/custom distro and FastCGI perl i could make that happen. you could go crazy and use an epoll perl httpd too. backend would be nosql with a small cache in memory. you'd need a decent chunk of bandwidth as gzip may push cpu over the edge, and hope you have fast disks. how many hps is HN anyway, at peak? you could go crazy and use a uClibc buildroot. build it on your desktop and transfer an image to your slice. i use slack, but that's not exactly tiny... To paraphrase Bill Cosby: I said to a guy, I said, "Tell me, what is it about being yourself that makes it so wonderful?", and he said, "Well, it intensifies your personality." I said, "Yes, but what if you're an asshole?" What I find particularly disturbing is the normal emotional and sexual relationships from my own teenage years (just so we're clear: dating people my own age when I was a teen) is now seen as a crime. If the clock was turned back and I was suddenly 16 years old in 2010, i'd be scared just to have a girlfriend. What if her parents charged me with a sex crime because they caught us making out? I feel pretty bad for kids today for having to grow up in a culture of fear, confusion and repression. I was speaking about my state of mind at the age of 16 and these new cases of teens being prosecuted for their otherwise normal relationships. I'm not saying I would stop trying to get girls (who could stop a teenage boy from chasing girls?) but it would inspire fear in me whenever I was anywhere near an adult or authority figure with my SO. It also doesn't take a lot for media hype and rumors to appear as facts to a young person and have an effect on their state of mind. I dread a future where young adults feel these cases are uncontroversial. I think it's perfectly clear why they're doing this: it's a lock-in device. The more people buy these half-assed products that limit their choices and exclude 3rd party support and control of your own device, the more money they can funnel out of you. Oh, you want music? You have to buy it from us. Oh, you want a program so you can be productive? You better hope we approved a recent version of it. Don't like it? Too bad, you already bought the hunk of metal and silicon, deal with it. Make no mistake: total vendor control is not in your best interests as a consumer. It never has been, never will be. If you loved the iPhone but hated all that annoying fits-in-your-pocket and voice-calling and typing , you're gonna be AMAZED at the bullshit we've come up with! Now open your wallets and bend over. I am a crypto noob, so please excuse me if I sound stupid. But why not force your users to pick a password that is at least 8 characters and contains at least one digit, one capitalized letter, one lowercase letter and one special character, then gen a 16-byte salt and run it through SHA-512? The examples given in the article are for 6 lowercase alpha-only characters, which has always been relatively trivial to crack. This brief article I found from 30 seconds in google shows my example at the bottom ('96 characters'): http://www.lockdown.co.uk/?pg=combi I acknowledge that bcrypt seems like a simple safeguard against password attacks, but I don't doubt a hacker's ingenuity in developing a method to make attacks against it reasonable - especially if it becomes widely adopted. And I think once you've lost your password database you're already completely fucked, in one way or another. Folk wisdom of PHP developers? I think the creators of crypt() are probably smarter than this. Password hashes are part of a way to mitigate a particular situation: deciphering a login credential when the password database has been exposed. Shadow files are locked down to root-only because you should never trust people with your password hashes. If somebody has the hash, it's just a matter of time. I don't assume time is on my side. If bcrypt() somehow makes it near-impossible to brute force password hashes in a "reasonable amount of time", we'd no longer need our shadow files to be root-only. We could give our bcrypt hashes out to the world and say, "Ha! TRY to crack this!" But you don't do that. Because you know deep down in your heart, once that hash is out in the open, the game is over. It's possible someone will crack it so you cannot trust it. And if someone got access to your locked-down password database, someone is deep enough in your system to have at least read-only access to your password database. Whether or not they can decode the password they probably have other ways of getting whatever it is they really want, which is rarely just an account credential. I will, however, agree that bcrypt appears to buy you much more time in the event that your password database is exposed. I am skeptical of how much more time that would be under the right circumstances, though, and the potential consequences of CPU exhaustion in the event of some kind of small DoS on the authentication layer. Also: can you please comment on the original point of my post, which was using a complex password in addition to a fast salted hash? When compared to bcrypt and its purpose/results, is this still an inadequate technical solution, and why? (edited to make 3rd paragraph not retarded and add request for clarification) s/^.+(?= Generator)/Spam Subject/ I haven't seen this link on this thread yet so here we go: http://people.redhat.com/drepper/sha-crypt.html Ulrich Drepper's implementation of a work factor in SHA password hashing. He addresses a popular article on bcrypt() and how using SHA allows one to follow NIST guidelines and still have the advantage of a time-consuming algorithm. me@myhost ~/ :) time perl -le'print crypt("some-password","\$6\$rounds=900000\$myrandomsalt")' $6$rounds=900000$myrandomsalt$O4u/Z5FRNBi3fw6YhAM1V1hC1LAawq9Ri65Kx77GchzOWieXeRs6w83bYqotyqBcz.WE29NygNli93dBDAbpt/ real 0m3.996s user 0m3.990s sys 0m0.005s If someone could comment on this in comparison to bcrypt I would appreciate it. Why should we use bcrypt if this exists in modern crypt() implementations? As an "enterprise" SVN user, I have to say I hate SVN "in the enterprise". Who the hell would want to rely on one repository in one location for all their writes? Not to mention delays in syncing changes read-only upstream creating confusion and loss in productivity for remote devs. The HTTP method seems to be one of the most common uses in the "enterprise" because of its flexibility, but it's also the most buggy (in my experience). I know 'wandisco' makes its money off fixing all the typical "enterprise" problems with SVN, but we don't pay for 'wandisco' so we don't have the luxury of a proprietary fix for an open-source problem. I have not used git. But the fact that it is distributed makes me want to try it a whole lot more. The C language does not exist; neither does Java, C++, and C#. While a language may exist as an abstract idea, and even have a pile of paper (a standard) purporting to define it, a standard is not a compiler. That is some Zen shit. For the PDP-7/11? Probably. so, here's my issues with hosting your own mail. it's probably the most difficult common internet service in the world to maintain. there are a litany of sysadmin tasks you must take care of before you even begin with the really tricky problems. the main reason is that e-mail is arguably the most critical of services. you can't afford to miss a critical e-mail, so its imperative it be incredibly robust and fault tolerant. first you have to set up redundant hosts. preferably on different backbones in different colos, unless a majority of your gear is in one place. next you set up the software as secure as you can so there is a minimum window for 0-days and patching can be done in scheduled maintenance windows. then you set up your monitoring to notify you when something goes south, on both hosts. things like queue size checkers and threshold-based statistic alerts are handy. next you set up your spam filtering. THIS IS HARD. i don't care what any old salty dog mail admin tells you, it is an arduous process to properly manage the filtering and blocking and unblocking etc of mail. for a small site, getting aol or yahoo to unblock your ip range may be a great feat. for a large site, 90% of your traffic will be spam and getting every legitimate mail is nearly impossible without subjecting your users to tons of crap. the cost in money and time just to host some free webmail yourself is astronomical in comparison to putting up with an ad and a possible privacy violation from a free provider like yahoo or gmail. if you want your mail handled properly, pay a big e-mail provider to host it for you, or spend a lot moree time and money to do the same thing yourself. c) hide everything in the ventilation system and leave false laptop/files out as decoy There is no explanation of why a filesystem is a bad place to store "binary blobs". If you're collapsing the metrics that you're storing IN SQL there is something really wrong going on. Logs are OK to store in SQL, assuming you're scraping your logs properly and are logging the proper things. Logging every clickthrough in a relational database is somewhat insane. Logging 10 minutes worth of aggregate clickthroughs is perfectly fine. If you think logs should be a ring buffer I challenge you to tell that to any admin of a system that is subject to laws governing the length of time you must store logs (which is pretty much all e-commerce?). if by "solve" you mean "completely redesign modern RDBMS's" you may be waiting for a while. i'm no expert, but my limited understanding is that most of these services provide a singular interface to a database. to be "automatic infinite horizontal scaling" they'd need to support an infinite number of interfaces on any of these commodity servers. i could be wrong, because again i don't fully understand them, but i think that means basically implementing the equivalent of an 'intelligent' distributed parallel fault-tolerant file system. at that point i figure you could add "lots of glue" (heh, understatement?) to MemcacheDB, MemcacheD, MemcacheQ and some other crap and get something similar. but i could be crazy. six billion five hundred seventy million rows? the important part is the difference between a compromised authentication secret and having local control over hardware/software. the password is now out in the open. there is now one more way for someone to root the slice other than getting control over the node(s) running the slice. In effect, No. The computing power required to crack SHA-512 is infinitesimal compared to that for, say, bcrypt. However, modern crypt() implementations support multiple rounds just like bcrypt and that would make it significantly more difficult (time-wise) to crack. But then again SHA-512 is already being replaced due to some potential flaws found, so.... shrug Kind of pointless to crack your password, though. I mean, it's not like you use the same one for more than one account. i know right? after the 16th character in the 96-character set it gets a little tiresome to type but i think keeping my twitter account secure is worth it. This is exactly why I find running your own mail server does not pay off. Fighting spam is a full-time job and should not be taken lightly. Even large enterprises move the majority of their e-mail hosting to cheap providers like Google. (Unless some other company threatens to stop giving you their business if you go that route) do things 'the right way'. high standards are my personal favorite motivation for doing a good job and working harder. if i know the quality of my work matters i will try harder to get it right. in some orgs it seems quality is completely disregarded in favor of 'just getting things done' and respect for the job suffers. i have no idea how martial arts would help my programming other than some kind of meditation-centric art (shaolin?). i do arnis/eskrima, which are philipino martial arts. the hand to hand is similar to muay thai but a little more focus on defense like locks. the stick fighting is neat because your reflexes improve and you learn how to move (good for sparring). i imagine most weapons classes would be good to sharpen your hand-eye coordination. a second auth step through email would just be added into the trojan to capture. they'd go ahead and run the first token for you and display a fake message that it was successful on your machine. then when you get the e-mail in 2nd stage it'd just mitm that too and finish the auth on its side. text would be more difficult to attack with a trojan, and banks use it; i don't see why WoW couldn't. you get trojans via botnets. very effective covert 0-day kits hidden in vulnerable sites, and not everyone keeps up with all security updates all the time - and all it takes is once. "treating weight lifting as cardio" is intended to build muscle that can perform. take anybody who uses a standard lifting program and they'd die 30 minutes into a p90x/insanity/conditioning program. do the same cardio with weight, or weight with more reps, and your muscles adapt to more continuous strain. if you just care about looking buff or losing/gaining weight quickly, do few high-weight reps. if you're training to be a fighter or just want to be highly conditioned, do lots of reps. yes, but if you are careful you can add a weight vest or light ankle/wrist/dumbbell weights and do various cardio exercises with minimal risk (if you use proper form). you should reduce your weight if your exercises are too high impact. small to medium dumbbells in combination with different exercises (squats, lunges, burpees, squat jumps, etc) can definitely give you an edge in your overall conditioning. jump training is very effective with a good amount of extra weight (30lbs or more) - of course watch your landing. even punching for 3 minutes with 5lb dumbbells is insane. "Unfortunately, the RPM based distro's such as CentOS and Fedora do not have 32-bit ELF support so we are, at this stage, unable to offer equivalent images for those particular distros." Wow. I didn't know Slicehost was on crack. Can somebody explain to me WTF they mean that RPM-based distros don't have support for 32-bit ELF files? CentOS and Fedora have been using 32-bit ELF binaries for ever . Modern CentOS distros ship both 32-bit and 64-bit binaries (including 64-bit kernels). All they should need to do is kick a 64-bit image and remove the 64-bit binaries, and change your yum repo to a 32-bit one only. If the initrd was an issue they'd just switch to the other arch's initrd or rebuild kickstart-images with whatever support they need. This is pretty easy stuff. ...? I click it and it brings me to some minimized search/home page. What is this? http://ostatic.com/blog/a-bright-future-for-drizzle I guess this is old news but this is basically a much moreand flexible form of what I was thinking of (I was only considering the infrastructure/fault-tolerant portion of an RDBMS). You could definitely design a well-scaling horizontal cluster using this design; even if the stock components don't support what you need you just modify stuff outside the microkernel. If I was still going to school, i'd get on Chatroulette and ask people for answers to my homework. In Other News: Real hackers will now be monitoring pager communications for the signals sent to these cars and do it themselves without the company website. I think the point should be, if you're caching really really well, algorithmic problems will not matter . Why? I help to admin a site which is algorithmically shitty yet performs big feats of performance and makes bank. Making bank is the goal. If you can accomplish it even with a shitty algorithm via caching, do that . And honestly, for most horizontally-scaled systems i've seen it's not difficult to "turn down the cache" and watch for load issues. And the best way to debug problems (such as algorithm limitations) is by knowing the hard limits of every facet of your system and comparing against current use metrics. Time-consuming but not very complex. * I've been to 5 high schools * Went through 9th grade twice * Dropped out of school entirely * Self-taught everything I know about computers and technology * Work for a large media company doing the job I set out to do for a decent wage Technically i've achieved all the [other] goals I set out for myself as a kid. Time for some new goals... * Not that this is impressive, but finally began working out 5 months ago and continue to stick to it 4 days a week. This is the longest i've stuck to anything besides a job/relationship and I am in the best shape of my life. well, they say the best way to conquer your fears is to face them. my suggestion: get embarrassed. fail. it's a funny thing, fear. fears always make things seem worse than they are. i think you should do something that would normally embarrass you, and when you are done review what happened as a result. then do it again. each time you get in that situation you come to grips with the totality of your fear, and each time you walk away from it you become that much better at dealing with it. i think the thing to keep in mind is that yes, you will fail. yes you will get embarrassed. but after going through it you will learn how to deal with it. i'll bet you after the 50th time playing guitar in public or singing all your fears would be gone. maybe you can extend that to other parts of your life too? i also agree with looking at people in the eyes, smiling and saying hello whenever you pass. it shows confidence and it trains you to cope with people's rejection should they not smile back. I think an even better question is: what does it take to become a real CA? Don't just assume 'oh, it must be really tough' if you don't know for sure. How much money and what kind of resources would it take some to really create their own valid CA just for generating forged yet valid certs that browsers would not flag as invalid when used in a MITM such as those used by the device in the wired article? i'm sorry, but, how is that difficult? most of that involves basic procedures for verifying someone's identity before providing a cert plus an independent party for auditing and other purposes. you don't even need any money, just to set up the basic infrastructure and steps for issuing certs as documented in provided links. i think they basically hinge on the idea that they will match up your CA with real human beings and verify you gen certs safely, but this is not a roadblock for an attacker. i think with time, patience, and an apparent genuine interest in doing things the right way, anyone could get mozilla to accept their root certificate. (and then generate certs for the black market for unauthorized people with loads of cash) Oh, jesus christ. Listen. Just because you can't do any actual work on an iPad doesn't mean I only have a "work computer." It's very rare I use my laptop for work. I use it for my personal tasks and entertainment and thus it is a personal computer. Now can we please stop with ridiculous comparisons like this? I recommend everyone take 15 minutes and look up a guide to configure a 6to4 address on any interface they have with a public IPv4 address. Try with the anycast address first, and if that doesn't work get a tunnelbroker account. My opinion is all these problems can get solved over time only when everyone is first connected to the network. (there are some guides to setting up a gateway for your 'private' hosts, like this: http://74.125.93.132/search?q=cache:gX-Stzp_WdgJ:www.anyweb.... ) this is, to me, evidence of why Perl is a great language. it's not something people pick up to write web apps. you can write very good web apps with it, but there are better options. but you can also use it to write virtually any kind of application - and the libraries and supporting modules already exist to allow you to complete it, quickly and well. you can probably use Perl for a wider array of apps than any other language (largely due to CPAN). i just wish people who don't know how to program with it would stop picking it up and getting things done. my company's 10-year old Perl webapps are still chugging along just fine, btw. Vapid in the sense that it makes no difference? Or that it has no context? Ok, so right now I see ~300,000 (315, but let's round down - because 15,000 hps is nothing, right?). Let's assume DoubleClick has some very big customers who all do lots of traffic. Let's say they have at least 10 big clients like Amazon that could bring their peak traffic up to a theoretical 10x more than the current average of 300K. That's 3 million hits per second, minus adsense adwords etc. That is enormous. Astounding. And from my point of view, impossible to do without an extremely well laid out infrastructure. This number is therefore not just a vapid boast but a telling example of how awesome their network and applications are for being able to handle load of such magnitude. Even if it were only 5x the current load, 1.5 million hits per second is no walk in the park. You can't handle traffic like that without a truly robust design and several really scalable, really reliable layers, from appliances to handle incoming dns traffic all the way back to the app and database servers. According to this document ( http://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&q=cache:nqfZBBPVbikJ:w... ) in 2006-2007 DoubleClick's peak ad delivery rate was 250,000 with 900 servers (before they switched to using some . Right now it's current average is more than that. I agree it would be nice to have some comparison to their peak capacity right now, but if you consider how tough it is to handle their current load and that they have to account for significantly increased load, the result is a network which is gigantic. To me this means I can rely on them to properly handle whatever meager site I throw at them to serve ads for. 14 and 15 year olds should not be working in sweatshops. what the hell is wrong with the people defending this? this isn't the pampered western worker vs the average 3rd world worker, this is kids being forced to go without sleep and effectively without a life for pennies. fuck that. i know most people will argue something like "they are probably lucky to get it." it's still bad for them, and trying to justify the bad conditions with arguments like 'its expected of them' really exposes a true lack of empathy for one's fellow man and some pretty selfish reasoning.