Still don't understand why this site has any respect, they just spammed Google results then locked the answers behind a sign up wall to build their userbase. You know it's bad when Gruber's blog is being held up as a less biased alternative. He's been so soft on them lately on anything except the Watch, even then he's been pretty soft. > The cable bends very unnaturally and is gradually torn from the magnetic connector Same thing happens with the Magsafe anyway, the eco friendly material they decided to use frays too easily. Just means they can't use certain OS X tech like iCloud > when most of their target audience will never even make the thing sweat Really? First thing I thought when I saw it was how cool it would be for 3D sculpting. There are more uses for high end GPUs than gaming. >If they had "offered a touch screen instead", the users would have to hold their hand horizontally which would get tiring in about 5 minutes and unbearable after 10. Works fine for iPad users on the sofa. This is the same logic as "iPhone users only ever use the bundled headphones anyway so why need a jack?" (which also can't be used with the new MBP) > Traditionally, such file managers use function keys for common tasks (eg. copy with F5) On Mac, you have to press Fn to get the function keys, which is very inconvenient or just press cmd+c, easier than reaching to the touch bar. I'd actually say devs (web/mobile) are one of the only professionals served by this laptop. They don't need high powered GPUs. This however is a massive kick in the face to anyone working in design, art, 3D, video editing or effects. The only other professional this seems to target is the professional blogger. What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? > My audio doesn’t work From the article. Not sure why people still pass this around as if it's positive. This reminds me a time when I used to work closely with a development team in a startup, it was very frustrating to work with them because every little modification to things like functionality, Git workflow, Javascript framework and the like would be accompanied with several hours of "dev strategy" and scrum meetings, time that the developers would waste thinking and prototyping new ideas for the tech stack for their managers, I say "waste" because most of the time they would end up with a system similar if not identical to the original. re-branding != a logo. This is like whinging that an entire e-commerce system was just the compiled index.html Someone with nearly 30K followers would feel this way. Can't say I see that much that needs saving as an average user of the service. I'd actually rather it crumble and see what someone more competent can do in the space. Worrying that they outlived displays and Mac Pros Rumours to ATP.fm podcast (very close ties with apple employees) has heard a bunch of stuff including "No one is working on the Mac Pro" >How many Pebbles do you see in the wild? Now, how many Apple Watches do you see? Almost the same number for me. That said I barely see any Apple watches and most people I know who bought them have left them in the bedside drawer long ago Their internal target would have absolutely been "Less than 5mil+ is total failure". Low goal is just good for PR and means you actually get some money rather than none if you fall short of your secret real goal quicksave/quickload encourages bad game design. Look at games with save anywhere abilities that include elements of chance like Skyrim and Fallout. So you are able to pickpocket and use charm in these games but because you can save anywhere does anyone ever live with the chance these things fail? Of course not they just try>reload>try>reload>try>succeed. Making that whole skill set pointless and the mechanic pointless Great example of someone justifying engineer driven design over user driven design. Not understanding at all why it was made that way in the first place. > You can ship a fully compliant USB-C 3.1 cable for probably 40 cents more than a cheap version. It makes no sense to start a rollout this way, especially from a company like Apple You're talking about the company that no longer ships power cables with a little plastic clip to keep them tidy and now sells the extended lead as an extra, both of which have been in every one of their laptop chargers for 15 years+ > and also dabble in cars Nice they get to dabble in cars so a handful of SV/SF CEOs can drive around in a space black siri powered car in a few years. What a worthwhile endeavour. Meanwhile the tool I use all day every day at my job is getting worse and worse and the tipping point where PC maintenance and dealing with Windows is starting to look very inviting to gain access to that raw computing power their platform is failing to provide. > Apple just built a space-age campus as big as a town Wonder how much director time was spent signing off the minutiae of that project VS these so called Pro laptops and the touchbar as a concept over the past 2 years. think people in the industry are just desperate to try and find justification and sanity where there really is none because it makes them feel the whole system is more stable than it truly is. The reality is there is no reason for GitHub to have this much funding and spend so frivolously. This should be a warning. It's not a nightmare scenario, they literally let terrorists use the platform no problem Tired of hearing devs reel off these projects like they actually matter. None of that is user facing, none of that is worth the thousands of employees. Stop looking at everything with dev eyes. Someone will reply to this reeling off things like bootstrap etc as if they actually matter and justify the millions in high expense developers > Or Photoshop Consistent 20-30% processor usage no matter what the processor when not in focus and no files open. Getting tired of people pointing out that "it was never accurate, it doesn't know if you're going to open a game in 20 minutes" as if it's some sort of massive revelation and justifies this move just to make up for their design problems with their latest laptop because the shaped battery didn't work out in time to ship. > if it runs on the GPU It will struggle to function at all seen as no Apple machine ships with a decent CUDA card. > There are flaws that make this model a definite downgrade from previous models Only if you go back to the 5, in form factor/design it's an upgrade in absolutely every way over the abysmal 6-series apart from the headphone jack. Back of the 6 is full of dirty antenna lines, the materials it was made out of look and feel cheap and slippy, the camera wart is just another component stuck to the back. 7 has a premium black option again finally that provides much needed grippyness, camera thought still warty is an equal distance from the edge not lopsided and actually machined out the case, antenna lines are finally almost invisible again. The current Mac Pro is mostly designed to work in studios where everything is on network storage. If you're working on video over the network you can use two ethernet cables for faster network access Just find it utterly surprising anyone is willing to invest time bringing Dropbox products (other than their core storage product) into their workflow considering their track record of killing off even popular products. >Were those not acquisitions that withered as opposed to Dropbox new product ventures? Why on earth should that make any difference to the end user? Bottom line is they shipped them and then canned them. > To be fair a majority of the big technology companies all write their own tooling for many things that already exist because they didn't quite fit the way they needed them Too many engineers syndrome comes to mind too. Great tech, shame about the name Shocked Ash Thorp had anything to do with the remake, thought he understood the original film better than this. Taking his self initiated GITS project into consideration. >please recognize the determination it takes to make it that far. Why do you say this? Isn't it more likely that many women prefer to take on the role of a mother, and if they've been in a high paid engineering position they likely have a partner who can provide for both of them while they raise children. Slaving away at an engineering career doesn't seem all that appealing after you've had the rewarding experience of raising your children. > So, Facebook’s argument is essentially that because there are not as many women in higher-ranked engineering roles, their code is subject to more scrutiny. But it’s problematic that women, which only make up 17 percent of Facebook’s technical department, are not in higher-ranking roles Think it's time SV faced up to the fact it needs affirmative action for engineers who identify as women. This problem isn't going away, anonymised code reviews would be beneficial too to fight male managers in-built prejudices. Remember when people kept claiming Facebook buying Instagram wasn't a bad thing because "they're not ruining it" "They're just leaving it as the same old Instagram". Why not sell your data to actual public transport to make their systems better? Why must startups keep reinventing busses (without the poor people) There is a reason installations list the materials they're made of in the title card. Take a work like Love Remembered [1] this could have been easily created using actual pills but making the piece with actual pills is a completely different work of art than painstakingly sculpturing a representation of real pills. The same way Crematorium [2] could have been recreated using sculptured cigarette butts and a synthetic smoke smell but it wouldn't be the same experience as walking up to the piece and about a meter or so away the stale stench of smoke hits you (the piece genuinely reeks) and knowing that it's real stale cigarettes. [1] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS6220DtlL1_77... [2] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS469rt1_771_0... Think this is only one side of the story though, what about people who had worked there just doing their job and you're being told there is something wrong with your culture and this person is being brought in to fix it. It's a big company the whole thing can't just be a frat house there must at least be some percentage of decent people trying to do a job that are now being told there is something wrong with them. (Not to mention the whole idea of a remote worker involved in any sort of culture change is utterly absurd) To me you're all arguing about the wrong issue. Some data scientist made a small survey faux pas, and now they're being called out in a lengthy blogpost about how bad and un-inclusive the company was to work for. How can anyone work with this person without feeling like they're standing on eggshells? How must the woman who wrote the survey who was just doing her job feel today if she reads this? Disappoints me that major creative tools for VR are mostly being pushed out by the likes of Google and FB who are extremely likely to drop the projects within the next 2 years as their objectives shift because they're not creative tools companies. Would be much happier if some indie devs took up this space. > they felt perfectly justified in escalating the situation So they should have been, being accused of transphobia is a serious accusation. Anyone accused of anything like transphobia, homophobia, islamaphobia or any other of these discriminations is absolutely right to escalate the matter straight away to their manager or HR. > The data scientist was not even named She was gendered, how many data scientists work at GH? How many are female? She was narrowed down enough that she may as well have been named IMHO and transphobic is a serious mark on her character. Especially from someone who has tried to push people off projects before for being transphobic. This seems like a petty thing to complain about to me considering how excellent the tech is and how it makes interactive graphics attainable for so many people. Babies are not born with beliefs they can't change. But they are born with a race they can't change. It's not the same. TIL being Chinese isn't an objective fact it's something you can stop being true if raised in the right society. By this logic white people raised in certain parts of America are African Americans. Worst thing Twitter ever did was teach you what people you once respected are really like. Can't believe I ever looked up to him. > The Anarchist Cookbook I remember this being passed around between kids in the computer science lab on a floppy disk when I was about 13. Shocked that the idea startup people can “save the world” is still going strong in Q4 2027 Would have hoped the last year would have shook you all to your senses > and learning the unspoken rules around how to hire guys on a street-corner is not something I'm interested in. Classic SV/SF “I want this service, without having to interact with poor people” next step up from bus as a startup laundry delivery as a startup etc Actual abusive content or just abusive content Reddit staff dislike? Some bullying subs have been rightly banned but major ones like /r/cringe /r/srs and /r/cringeanarchy remain. I’ve never seen them on pro either. Maybe there is an option to turn them off on install that everyone but me missed. So just like the most popular ARM computer on the planet then… This is the norm for ARM, as much as we don’t like it and it will be the same when Apple eventually ships an arm laptop. >A clever CEO would have rolled out an optional new game mode built around Wilson Boxes, waited until players were used to the idea, and then tried to encourage players to engage with this new mode of play by quietly neglecting the original mode and focusing their free content updates on the mode driven by Wilson Boxes. That would be scummy and money-grubbing, but it would at least be the cunning form of scummy money-grubbing. GTA 5 comes to mind, single player has nothing to do once the main quest is over and unless they fixed in the car spawning uses a seed based on mission completion (I suspect) so it gets stuck spawning the same 3 bad cars over and over. No DLCs no extra missions no nothing but cosmetics and events for GTA:O and funnily enough this range is one of the less ridiculous looking ones. The non-Founders Edition cards all look even more like glowing kids toys. Wish they'd ship the a version of the GTX line with the design language of the more boxy looking Quadro cards (M4000 etc). I know some people are happy about this happening because currently the demonetisation matches their own beliefs/politics/dislikes. What happens though if this is outsourced out from Americans doing the moderation to cheap labour in other nations that don't share your beliefs or politics. If one thing is clear it's that we need competition in this space. If it wasn't video games it would be something else. I just can't really fathom what sort of user needs this much (supposed) power today but is willing to have it locked down unable to add more power at a later date. https://blog.prototypr.io/google-and-the-resurgence-of-itali... this article might help you understand what they're trying to achieve Not to mention Apple is trying to move away from OpenCL so GPU renderers will all need to be re-written in Metal to truly take advantage of OS X. This machine only serves rich youtubers who use Final Cut Pro. > not even Apple goes this low. Apple goes just as low, OS X asks me every day to update to High Sierra and the option is only "Later" and it can't be swiped away quickly like a normal notification. I ran an iPhone 4 for until the iPhone 7 launch, I used to keep it on iOS7 because after iOS4 rendered my 3G unusable I knew to no longer update. Every single morning it would ask me to update, which I had to carefully dismiss. It would always download the update filling up my phone to the brim which I would have to then manually delete. If my phone was full it would give me another option offering to temporarily delete apps (Which it claimed would have data restored from iCloud but I knew they would not). My Mothers iPad auto-updated locking her out of her painting app (Brushes, as used by David Hockney), I had to use a dodgy 3rd party app to extract her documents or they'd be lost for good. At least Microsoft gives you options to downgrade and supports old OSes, unlike Apple who stops handing out the encryption keys. Actually met my oldest friend on ICQ random chat. Lost touch with everyone from High School, University but still chat to him most days and visit when we're in the same country. Maybe there is hope for it. Sorry I meant 4S, which supports up to OS 9. I notice a lot of Apple users who update devices and OS religiously get defensive as if this stuff doesn't happen. I encourage them to try to live behind updates for once and see how bad the user experience can get. > what is holding Apple back? If you worked at Apple would you want to be working on Apple Maps? I just doubt any of the core talents in Apple are interested in it at all, it's not what the company is known for. At least a laptop can become more, the opportunity to delve deeper in the system or learn how to code your own applications is always there if the curiosity should ever arise. Tablets on the other hand... literally just consumption devices, even creative applications in them are locked up and siloed unable to inter-operate. I don't think we can really compare 3 years to the 15 years Duke Nukem Forever was in development for. If we're talking videogames plenty of games have 3 year development periods. I definitely feel this is more about getting devs who make pro apps on the Mac to start shipping iPad (Pro) versions. Tim Cook still believes iPads are the future of computing, literally "Post-PC" to quote their recent advert. Yet very few people are making serious productivity apps for the iPad Pro. > Imagine if all new software created was immediately available on iPad Alternatively imagine if all new Macs were created with touch screens and pen input like all new Microsoft machines are. Wonder what 4chan users actually think about their platform, wouldn't be shocked if they feel the same way the article writer does about Mastodon. I mean there has to be some reason people spend their time there. I understand the security benefits but I can't help but just look at this as yet another piece of disposability on an already very "disposable" piece of 5K+ (starting) hardware. How many iPhones are now in landfills because you couldn't downgrade the OS to an old version that would be usable. Wouldn't be so sure considering the sort of machines people are building would slot into the iMac Pro slot in their lineup in terms of power. Of course they wont care about $400 hackintoshes but if people are putting together $2K - $3.5 ones it starts to look more in the ballpark of a lost iMac or iMac Pro sale. Considering they identified one of the issues as designing themselves into a thermal corner and the next thing they do is design the iMac Pro with extreme thermal constraints too I'd be skeptical if they had learnt anything. Modern Apple doesn't backtrack lightly, just look how they're still pushing the butterfly keyboard despite it being breakable with single specks of dust. >They should admit that they produced shit and start talking to their customers and show that they care. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but isn't almost every modern CPU vulnerable in some way with Spectre? If so isn't every modern CPU manufacturer "producing shit" in your eyes? Not everyone who is capable of becoming an engineer sees it as something they actually want to spend their lives doing but the skills children develop with toys like Technic are still valuable and have applications beyond just engineering. >I agree that I rather hand my kids a tablet or smartphone then putting them in front of a TV or game console. Is an actual computer not an option? Is an (Android or Apple) tablet a computer though? I went through similar turmoil pricing out dodgy eGPU builds to do CUDA on my Mac. Eventually I realised it wasn't worth it and I may as well just build a PC with the ability to add more GPUs down the line. It was definitely the right decision, sucks they I had to move that part of my work away from MacOS but if Apple isn't interested in seriously supporting this work then why bother (This was long before the iMac pro was even announced and my current build outperforms it for less than half the price). The message from Apple is clear, this is not the platform if you are interested in working on the cutting edge. > I was checking out the Vive because everyone seems to be using it for development Not everyone, and the Rift is at a bargain price now. I was blown away with the Rift experience and quality of the product, definitely worth the asking price. Maybe more Outsider Art Blew my mind as a kid when I didn't really understand the skybox but I think I left one of the 4 armed guys in that area on the map and when I went into the level he was towering over the level like a giant. I thought the iPhone X did this (I haven't used one) but after looking it up it's just a video file [0] [0] http://universaleverything.com/projects/iphone-x-wallpapers/ My understanding is CES is a big deal for retail buyers. > But the updates are forced, so that fucks you over as a user Linux is the only modern OS that doesn't do this, all OS updates are forced it's just some are forced more gently than others. I have to postpone the the OS X update dialog daily and the iOS one about once a week. This has to be done carefully because if I press the wrong option it'll update itself in the middle of the night. Same could be said for Macs in movies and TV in the 90s > Oculus should put games on the back burner To be fair Oculus are one of the ones in the industry looking beyond games. Look at Oculus Medium[1], it makes something that was extremely fiddly and required hours of practice into something instantly intuitive. I don't actually think VR will hit the mainstream, work like spreadsheets just don't benefit much from being in 3D space. The true magic of VR is the hand tracking, being able to interact with computing with both hands in 3D space. Definitely feel VR will find it's workplace niche in the creative space rather than standard office work. Worth mentioning too that games are an innovation driver, so don't discount them so fast. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m1Jm_Osxls You're not locked into their service at all, you can use Steam VR content on it and you can run arbitrary .exes on it. It's less of a walled garden than tablets, smartphones or consoles which almost everyone just seems fine with. The Venus image was one of the ones bundled with Deluxe Paint, Just seems he's duplicated the eye. Feels we might be attributing a mistake as a conscious piece of art. Why even leave the house then if your life is so terror filled? It's a concert not a war zone. Why even let them leave the house if the world is such a horrible and dangerous place. Seems like bad parenting if you're knowingly putting in situations where such horrors exist that they'd need to escape them. I built a Windows machine for 3D work and VR just over a year ago, after being a Mac only user for 15+ years. Honestly my Win 10 experience has been the total opposite, it's been stable, fast, minimum update nagging. Overall I've actually been shocked how stable and hassle free the experience has been. Maybe I just got lucky with the right combination of hardware. > Apple refuses to support anything else than Apple Music I was pretty appalled when I installed the first version of OS X with Siri and then the first thing I did was ask it to play a song from my iTunes Matched iTunes library and it had no idea what I was talking about because the artist (Kanye) wasn't on Apple Music. My iPhone 4S I was using at the time could do this feat just fine but the so called latest and greatest can't manage it because Apple wants to force Apple Music on me. I disabled Siri a few moments after this. > but it is also a way bring new users into the Mac ecosystem Does Apple want new users in the Mac ecosystem? I thought Tim Cook's future was "Post-PC" Maybe it's just the mishmash of corporate speak but that statement says the exact opposite to me. Think my point is more what would Tim Cook say if he didn't care about the Mac Mini at all going forward? I feel it would be similar to that statement. It hasn't been updated in 3 years and the phrasing he used didn't mention "future" just "an important part of our product line going forward." which is pretty non-committal IMHO In the UK the police can knock on your door for an offensive Tweet. If what happens on the internet has such serious implications then so should abusing power on the internet like this. The author mentions the "Squircle" but doesn't mention the actual reason this has made an appearance in iOS. Apples Industrial Designers use this shape for corners on their laptops because the reflection is creates is a smooth gradient across the entire curve of the laptop, if you use a basic bevel it creates an ugly hard shine. So the reason this has moved to iOS is because the ID team and Ive have much more influence there than they did in the early iOS days. As for the notch and the screen edges my personal belief is this is all down to industrial designer bravado. The brief for the iPhone X is "Equal margins on all edges at any cost" this is why Touch ID had to go and they justify the notch because to the left and right of it there is a margin to the device edge that is equal to the bottom and the sides of the device so in the Industrial Designers eyes they have achieved the perfect symmetrical device (Look at Apples recent laptops to see how much emphasis the current put on symmetry above all else). My theory is the ID team at Apple would look at the "edgeless" Galaxy S8 screen and scoff that it's not truly edgeless because the margins are uneven. In Apples industrial design team's eyes these phones have uneven margins so are failed designs. Even though the margins on the X are sleight of hand because of the notch, they still believe this is a truly edgeless phone and by looking at the object it's pretty obvious the brief was equal margins on all sides at any cost.