No, it's almost ready. It's already in use in iOS 10.3, and signs point to a full rollout this year. Because Earth already has a magnetic field. Yes, but is a reversal really a bad thing? Magnetic field reversals don't seem to be a serious threat–there's no evidence of mass extinctions caused by them. Actually, it appears that that the field does not actually disappear completely during the switch. Why is that? archive.org isn't a public education institution. So it's just like /usr/bin/cd–a builtin that also has a binary. Out of state students pay more in tuition as compared to in-state students. On my Mac, it's #!/bin/sh # $FreeBSD: src/usr.bin/alias/generic.sh,v 1.2 2005/10/24 22:32:19 cperciva Exp $ # This file is in the public domain. builtin `echo ${0##*/} | tr \[:upper:] \[:lower:]` ${1+"$@"} This title is misleading. The languages Google "added" have already existed; what Google has done is run translation sentence-by-sentence instead of by phrase-by-phrase. Oh, is that why I see websites like Facebook and Google using ids like .u-123-gz instead of something like .search-bar? Looks like someone's already on it: https://github.com/brhs/nomouse/pull/2 Actually, it's not that simple. There are a couple ways to load websites on iOS: * UIWebView: Old, slow, but dead simple. * WKWebView: The new "WebKit" drop-in replacement for UIWebView. It uses Safari's Nitro engine, and allows for full customization for the chrome, but does not allow for content blocking. Most new apps use this. * SFSafariViewController: A "Safari view"; you have no control over the UI chrome (or browsing history, etc.), but it uses Nitro and loads content blockers. * Safari app: The actual app. Loads content blockers. iOS has Reading List for this purpose, and SFSafariViewController has a button dedicated for this. While true, this answer is a bit misleading. There is a minimum threshold for stellar black holes –the ones created through stellar evolution–it's called the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff limit. Not a history expert by any means, but didn't Germany basically drive away all the scientists that could have worked on the bomb? Is there some kind of joke I'm missing with the "Quintilian"? I'm pretty sure the author was trying to use the Solarized color scheme: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized Those using iTerm should try out imgcat: https://www.iterm2.com/documentation-images.html Looks great! Now if only there was one for Mathematica… And that's without the iPad Mini… Yes, Apple is much better about it; but there are instances where Apple has limited certain features to newer devices when there was no real reason for doing so. Most recently they blocked trivial features such as content blocking and Night Shift from 32 bit devices in their push for 64 bit adoption. In what kind of galaxy is a 1 billion solar mass black hole not a significant portion of the mass? Unrelated, but why is a paper on astrophysics on the NIH website? The page mentions that all C programs were compiled with gcc -O2. Forgive me if I don't know what I'm talking about here, but could volatile be used here to force the compiler to perform the memset? For whatever reason I had the number "300 million" in my head for the size of the Milky Way; I see your point. This was an interesting read for someone unacquainted with the field–it appears to be very difficult to fix "awkwardness" in sentences; none of the methods were able to reduce it significantly. It looks to me that awkwardness is more based on common usage than on actual grammar, perhaps this could be improved with a solution similar to Google Translate's, which looks at real world usage instead of syntax? Spacetime would like to have a word with you. Did not expect to get rickrolled while learning about assembly… For those wondering, WTF stands for Web Template Framework: https://webkit.org/blog/6161/locking-in-webkit/ For those on iOS and macOS, Apple provides Network Link Conditioner for this purpose. 2/3, you mean :) Wasn't the main reason why they wrote Tizen? Because Google was pushing them around too much? Funny, at times my Apple TV seems to do just that…though in my case it's probably just a bug. Well, at some point in time, everyone was once so young that everyone else in the world was older than them. I'm actually happy that Apple moved the USB ports away from each other. I used to have a non-Retina MacBook Pro and it was a royal pain to get two "large" USBs to fit at the same time. Interesting that this is done in-broswer; it looks like they're using Emscripten for emulation. I think you mean 1/4 of a second :) Are you serious? > some redneck assuming I'm not sure that's less racist… `NSDate` used to support creation from a "natural language" phrase: https://developer.apple.com/reference/foundation/nsdate/1415... It was deprecated recently, however. Yep, I had to do a bit of fuddling around with DateComponents and it was painful . Paper listed in article, https://arc.aiaa.org/doi/10.2514/1.B36120 , appears to cost well over a thousand dollars to access. I found https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/201700... online; I think it's the same thing. Looks like Linux is what you're looking for… macOS supports true vector assets, so I'm guessing it reduces the need for such measures. But coming back to your question: I'm not sure, but both iOS and macOS use the same asset filetype, so I'd assume so. Ahh, it looks like I didn't notice the PDF link. My mistake. One of the few things that benefit from pushed-back dates. I'd expect it to be the Chromebook Pixel. Doing that on a school computer is one of the fastest ways to get expelled. If only English had precedence rules! A big part in this comes from the fact that most people take off the watch when they sleep to charge it, making it useless for sleep tracking. I find that the battery stays pretty high (around 80%) if I don't exercise with it. If I start any workouts, however, and the battery dips down to ~50% by the end of the day. Nothing that a quick top-off during the day wouldn't fix, but it's still far from the Pebble's week long battery life. > For the first time last fall, the US Department of Transportation drafted regulations related to captions for in-flight entertainment. This can't come quickly enough. This is the behavior of all their custom players; I don't think they've updated them in a while. No, of course not. You're just doing work that computers do well. Why, thank you. I've always considered Atom to be an advertisement for GitHub. The branding is unmistakable. Wasn't this the iMac? I'm not sure where you're getting this from; did you read the article? This is part of the OS. 1. Well, how could you enforce this? How do you know a project is open source? 2. Dash was pulled from the App Store due to conflict between Kapeli and Apple. See the links in the comments above for details. Looks interesting; I have a Hammerspoon script that does something similar. I'd wager that many people (such as me) think it feels "wrong" when the book is upside down. This is especially true if the spine has some sort of artwork. I'd like to mention that Project Euler states that they'd prefer that people not publish the solutions publicly: > I learned so much solving problem XXX so is it okay to publish my solution elsewhere? It appears that you have answered your own question. There is nothing quite like that "Aha!" moment when you finally beat a problem which you have been working on for some time. It is often through the best of intentions in wishing to share our insights so that others can enjoy that moment too. Sadly, however, that will not be the case for your readers. Real learning is an active process and seeing how it is done is a long way from experiencing that epiphany of discovery. Please do not deny others what you have so richly valued yourself. Just saying. macOS comes with Python 2 by default. Have Hammerspoon do this for me on macOS, except the shortcuts are more like Caps Lock+T is Terminal, etc. If you have a free account, you can install an app from source and it will remain valid for 7 days. > But almost every popular game in app store will read your contacts and send to its server. Only if you let it. > No one, except for top companies are able to follow UI guidelines, and most apps has weird UI. Hmm, I'm not a top company but I try to follow the UI guidelines. In fact, by default, if you use native controls, you're doing that for free! > Even you are making app as a hobby, you will likely use privacy-invasive ad networks in order to pay back $100/year ad store fee. That's only if you want to make money. Some people don't; they do it just for fun. The code is compiled on-the-fly and dynamically linked. Until your certificate expires, so a year. That's the point. It's meant for testing your apps, not distributing them. Don't work there, but I know that Apple tends to use spaces for their public-facing code–I'd expect that their internal code does too. Especially since it covers a ton of content on the left side… I think most of the water usage is not from growing the trees, but in the actual manufacturing process. Quick question: what are the properties of this paper? Can I burn it? Fold it? Eat it? Yep, a lot of places in the US have their own Wi-Fi, especially in malls. I would like to respectfully disagree with you here. While I believe that self driving cars are infinitely better than human drivers, in this case I'd exercise caution. The issue here is that the vehicle is not fully self-driving–it still requires a human to be paying attention. The problem is that the system appears to be automatic and as such reduces the driver's focus; I've heard stories of people simply tuning out while this "autopilot" on, not knowing that they must be alert for any exceptional circumstances. In this case, the autopilot may actually make it slightly less safe–not from its inherent design, but by human psychology. It's still pretty easy to tune out even if you're gripping the steering wheel… Looks cool, but I didn't see Java 10 anywhere. What's the timeframe for this? Is this truly a part of Java 10, considering that Java 9 is still in development? Hmm…possibly there's some other process going on during those "slowdowns" that we haven't observed yet? Huh, that's stange. He's been at Tesla what? 6 months? Interesting to see that he's moved on already. Yep, I remember them being part of Google Earth. IIRC they had one of the night sky as well. Yep, I got the same thing. I guess support isn't complete yet? That's because your browser is too narrow to display the text, so it's wrapping. Sounds like the quickest way to get a call from the university's IT department… Yep, that's basically it. You can't link any code to it. I think it was added just to make your launch screen look as similar as possible to your app's first screen. iOS most certainly does not use ImageMagick to generate this images. Delta updates are for users, not developers. It means that they don't have to download the full app when updating. Yes, but IT departments at universities are lazy and quick to label incidents like this as "hacking". Much of the reason for that is outlined in the article. Would you mind explaining in a bit more detail what you mean here? I'm not quite sure where you're getting those numbers from. Ahh, I got it. For whatever reason I didn't associate 109->10^9 and 106->10^6. If I remember correctly DogeTipBot shut down after stealing a bunch of funds from its users, removing a significant use for DogeCoin. Because it's cool! It's interesting to see how they're improving emulation, and often they come up with interesting ways to do so. Of course with absolute legislation like this you're going to end up with someone abusing the rules. Already been sued too many times this year (as any large company is)? Congratulations, you're now immune to lawsuits. The article is probably taking artistic license with the term "half life" to refer to the unusual longevity of interest in trinitite. Tektites ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tektite ) are similar to trinitite, but originate from meteorite impacts instead. I believe you're referring to JailbreakMe. Yes, it was Safari-based, but no, it wasn't the first jailbreak. Umm…I think you mean Jango Fett, not "Jengo" Fett, in the caption for the first image in the second article. Cars was a Pixar movie.