ESR is wrong, Linus is right. The letter should be read in context, and it demonstrates the blunder of ESR. Here is Linus' letter on which ESR responded: http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0008.2/0201.h... And here are Linus' points, in short: http://lkml.org/lkml/2000/8/22/12 It's not Apple who built on Unix first, it was Jobs, who was fired from Apple. Jobs' work with Next was big part of Apple's comeback. Other Jobs' new decisions provided the rest of success. also re "how well that worked out for Apple the first time" -- actually: Windows managed to imitate most of Mac UI only with Windows 95, some eleven years after first Mac. Before Windows 95, Windows was ugly. Also note that some court decisions in Microsoft's favor were needed in order to help Microsoft imitate Apple in 1995. Absolutely not true that there's no difference. The speed of your desktop comes from using POWER. Today's desktop CPUs alone pull up to 130 WATTS. My desktop CPU bought in 2000 used 30 W. Now even notebook CPUs use more when they're not idle! Now I can come to a lot of web pages where only Flash ads use 100% of a modern CPU! That translates in 60-70 Watts. Then compare all this with the goals for device which should work with battery for hours. > Surely the best argument against Job's position is the iPhone itself. The most important and dominant crossplatform framework in the world is HTML+JS and Apple actually wanted it to take the place of native frameworks. But we all know how that ended and now we have the App Store. And with this paragraph you exactly proved why Flash doesn't have sense on the iPhone. he practically stole the phone and then sold it. he didn't even try to leave it at the bar, to ask the day later the bar people if somebody asked for it (the guy who was missing it returned more times!) he didn't try to return it directly to Apple (And maybe receiving the current generation phone as the present) he obviously wanted to profit by selling it to somebody else, as he asked more media companies! correcting the lies of jessie warden: When I reach his page I see this which hides his text: "Notice JavaScript for Mobile Safari is currently turned off. Turn it on in Settings › Safari to view this website." And I'm surfing his site with Opera on PC. Would you believe somebody of his competence? OK now I know about: "git pull --rebase" If only somebody would explain what this really does! The man pages are not helpful! git-pull(1) Manual Page says: "--rebase: Instead of a merge, perform a rebase after fetching. If there is a remote ref for the upstream branch, and this branch was rebased since last fetched, the rebase uses that information to avoid rebasing non-local changes. To make this the default for branch , set configuration branch. .rebase to true." Oh how clear. So let's try git-rebase: "If is specified, git rebase will perform an automatic git checkout before doing anything else. Otherwise it remains on the current branch. All changes made by commits in the current branch but that are not in are saved to a temporary area. This is the same set of commits that would be shown by git log ..HEAD (or git log HEAD, if --root is specified). The current branch is reset to , or if the --onto option was supplied. This has the exact same effect as git reset --hard (or ). ORIG_HEAD is set to point at the tip of the branch before the reset. The commits that were previously saved into the temporary area are then reapplied to the current branch, one by one, in order. Note that any commits in HEAD which introduce the same textual changes as a commit in HEAD.. are omitted (i.e., a patch already accepted upstream with a different commit message or timestamp will be skipped)." I'm lost! Now can anybody explain so nice like Yehuda did about the workflow, what and why that git pull did "wrong", and what the hell is that that "--rebase" does "right." Especially as here and there "--rebase" is described as something that "doesn't keep history" and therefore "bad." Note that I put "bad" "wrong" and "right" in quotes. I know that's all relative, I just want to get some simple explanation what's going on without reading "recursion see recursion" man pages! Thanks in advance! Why isn't --rebase default? Can anybody explain what it actually does and why it's not default, man pages are not clear to me? Every thing is explained by referring to a bunch of other things and there's not a trace of a simple explanation. OK, but I believe remote repo is there only to be pushed to, so then is there any example of benefit of pull without --rebase if the pull is anyway only done locally? http://progit.org/book/ch3-6.html Says " If you rebase commits that have already been pushed publicly, and people may have based work on those commits, then you may be in for some frustrating trouble." but not how that can happen at all, provided you always "pull --rebase" and then "push", and if that can happen at all, then what to do. Thanks knowtheory, that's exactly what I wanted to read, that git pull --rebase is "take all the commit nodes from my local branch (remember them), and rewind the history back to the point where my repository was in synch with the remote repository. THEN update my repository with the remote changes, and try and apply all my local commits on top of my newly synched tree."" Now what's "git pull" explained in the same terms? Is it "produce errors as if remote were in sync with local even if it's obvious it isn't"? Who needs that? If it's not, then what is a proper description? And is there any scenario in which remote was changed, you want to push there your changes and you wouldn't want "git pull --rebase"? Thanks! Arrington is clearly wrong. It's clear that nobody told him to copy paste the whole content, or gave him the permission. He just trolls now for more hits. But he'd just lose if he'd come to court. "Merge, on the other hand, will attempt to create a merge commit. A merge commit is one that has two parents. In this case, the parents are the tip of the remote master and the tip of the local master." Now what I understand from that is that "merge" (that is pull without rebase) should not be worse in any way! In both scenarios git doesn't have less information to begin with, it doesn't start with any false assumption, it's just that without --rebase the resulting local repo is supposed to contain a bit more information. Then why in the world is "pull --rebase" again "easy" to make the result and why is plain "pull" something that's "hard" to do for a beginner? Now I think it must be some side effect of one or another that makes the whole story relevant? Those are good arguments why "pull --rebase" is not a default action, thank you. Now I don't understand why either "pull" or "pull --rebase" is supposed to have any different behaviour when somebody does it! As far as I undestand git has enough information not to complain more in one case and less in another, and as far as I understood, the main argument of the main article was that "--rebase" somehow "eases some pain"!? How come? Yes, it's obvious they simply saved all the unencrypted packets they were able to get. If your your e-mail server didn't have encrypted communication, they saved your mails and your passwords. And yes, anybody else could have done that with your unsecured WiFi packets. The difference here is the large scale of collection and the power of the collector. The chance for misuse would be mostly by having it in wrong hands, but there's already immense amount of data on Google that would be of the same nature. If you use them you better trust them. My much bigger worries are that people don't see problem in sites like Facebook asking the passwords of your e-mail accounts to "connect you with your friends." And people do this gladly! It's just not optimally written, the major question should be: Which application do you want to write that oh so really demands Flash and would give users better experience than going native? I don't believe such an application exists! No, he is right. If you don't want to make great apps, you are free not to make them, or to make that what you think would be great with Flash for another platforms (but note that evan Adobe can't make the demo which doesn't crash on these other platforms(!)). Exactly the selection of what makes his platform is what makes it unique and, to people who buy the product, better than other offerings. The article is not clear about the details. As far as I know options have a fixed expiration date. Shares don't. It's not clear when the options he exchanged for shares were supposed to expire and which was the market price at that moment. It seems that the author doesn't have the real idea what he actually wants to measure? He just throws some heaps of code and gives some numbers. I haven't seen that he even tried to specify what he wants to achieve. His posts just don't have sense. Something which is really useful is on: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/ For example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/compare.php?lang=go etc but it's wrong to believe BP estimates when comparing: "the amount of oil spilling into the Gulf of Mexico may be 20 times the size of BP's earlier claims of 5000 barrels per day (2.4 million gallons spilled as of May 24, 2010), according to an exclusive analysis conducted for NPR.[37]" http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1268095... Gulf Spill May Far Exceed Official Estimates by Richard Harris If that is true the speed of leakage this time was immense compared to other events, so prompt action is justified. The bombastic claim "The large galaxy pictured here contains 8 times as many stars as our own Milky Way Galaxy. It is so large, it technically shouldn't exist" has a much saner description here: http://hubblesite.org/newscenter/archive/releases/2005/28/fu... It appears to be "too young" according to the expectations of those used to look at the "closer" things. So not that impressive, compared to what had to happen before: According to our current knowledge, the whole universe must have grown up 10 to 78 th power times in volume (!) in only 10 to -32 th of second (!), so I'm not that impressed that there existed some big galaxy somewhere the whole 800 million years after the inflationary period! Why not? > The inability to have access to apps that steve doesn't necessarily approve of? Can you imagine that have your own shop in which you want to sell a lot of toys to kids. Why should a local porn dealer have the right to sell the porn in your store? Jobs has the right to select what he wants to sell. You have the right to select where and what you buy. Whenever I hear such arguments they smell me to people who are actually porn dealers unsatisfied with their own shop who think they have the right to demand from a shiny shop over the street to sell their goods for them. Tthe parent article complains: "The Financial Times article states that: 'Windows is known for being more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses than other operating systems.' The facts don’t support the assertion." Both parent article and parent post switch the topics: Though Microsoft did a lot of work to improve security, Windows as a platform (when you include anything installed on Windows like Adobe Flash and Reader) is certainly "more vulnerable to attacks by hackers and more susceptible to computer viruses." I don't think I have to provide examples, anybody is able to count. That's why I actually like that iPhone and iPad don't allow "anything goes" with the native apps. That's the biggest improvement in approach to the security in the last decades. Of course it doesn't fall. Try to count the number of IE toolbars for Windows, then try to count for Mac. Try to count the number of antivirus programs for Windows, then for Mac. Try to count how many shell extensions are installed with different programs. How many file handlers etc. On every Windows computer the attack surface is unbelievably bigger, unless you're very untypical user. But even more important reason for increased "Windows platform insecurity" is the economy -- evildoers can control much more computers (and make more money) if they invest the time to make Windows trojans. On the other side, I believe that if we just look at the Apple software for Mac delivered by default and the Microsoft software delivered with the OS, Apple is more vulnerable -- Microsoft really does much more security work on the core (in invested man hours per lines of code of the core) and delivers less functionality than Apple by default -- even a mail client is not an official part of Windows 7, that's good trick to have more secure default OS package. Still if you use Windows you're much more likely to fall victim, and it will remain so for a quite while. I'm very sure he has the code he haven't really made to properly scale with more cores or processors. The fact that he doesn't write much about the code in the article suggests me that he doesn't really know how to make scalable processing -- for anything nontrivial it's not easy at all, and I'd personally be able to make it more optimal in C than in Java, simply because there's more that I don't directly control in Java. see for example: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u64q/benchmark.php?test=al... the post is not linking to the real article of the guy, which is on http://www.jvuletich.org/Morphic3/Morphic3-201006.html but to fully unneeded and uninformative second-hand writing on squeak.org, and that's just wrong! Re: "embedded malware for Mac": let's count the number of malware waiting to trick you to come to your PC with Windows OS. Than do the same for Mac. For Windows it's certainly hundreds of thousands, if not millions, every kid writes them, there are even enough "no-need-to-know-programming" kits. From Macs the number is, I'm guessing now, tens at most? It does matter, an it matters a lot, what platform you use. I still claim he doesn't understand scalability for multi processor platforms. I don't claim he didn't made fast processing by writing his custom code, but he writes, his code is fastest on a single core, and as far as I see, he doesn't know why. So I conclude he knows to code but only non-parallel. I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia. (Woody Allen) I agree with you. The truth is, there's simply not enough bandwidth, especially not to stimulate "unlimited" data use and motivating people to become "data hogs." And it's not easy at all to increase the resources. There are real physical and technical limitations for providing more bandwidth which are hard to overcome in many areas. The unlimited data plan was designed for much less devices in the wild. You're wrong. I've actually had to maintain the big C++ projects. That have Zillion of classes, fully different, but each one has more Read(), Write() functions. Some are virtual, some are not. Some have two parameters, some have three, some four. And they even do fully different stuff! Which Read() will be called depends on anything and everything. I claim you just can't figure out what some piece of code does in any other way than by actually single-stepping through the debug build. Any time the debug build pieces of code don't reflect the source, you're fully lost. Note that Linus usage scenario is "read the chunk of code outside of the whole source base" and you argumenting "if I use some hypotetical very clever tool the tool would maybe able to show me what some line in the chunk of code actually does." I've actually made some "very clever tools" since some twenty years ago. And I wouldn't want to have to use them on the really big projects. The article is really poorly written. The specific example is very specific, the claims that "nobody else gets it" are in fact unsubstantiated. All the effects he mentions are very known among right professionals. And the title text is not about "relative latency" you mention but about the cost of paging, once something gets paged out. Even then there was no such thing in peer reviewed works: http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2005/01/the-gl... Somebody should measure fannkuchredux in Opera and compare that with C implementation speed. For some scenarios Opera's Javascript JIT already achieves speeds close to C. Anti-AGW is absolutely anti-science and that can be proved by their target group. Their base target is people who don't know enough, a few more educated people but on margins and finally the people with direct interest in keeping the consumption as is. They don't "point to red flags" in a sensible way, they make immense noise targeted to the ignorant masses, and it works -- in keeping the world not changing. Which can't end good, no matter what people who want to close their eyes hope. Am I the only one who doesn't like the "funny sounding" titles and subtitles in technical writing? I know it got fashionable decades ago in computer magazines but it's really annoying, at least for me, in any text that is not a really short article, since the titles in longer texts should be used for a reference and not "to make the popular article appear less boring." How do you use fork? "Oh, just look under the title "I'm mentally prepared! Give me The Button!"" --- what the heck!? I don't think so. That was the first mainstream channel which provided convenient links to news in English even from other countries. I don't agree that "it's fairly easy to make important speed gains when starting from such a lowly position" has any relevance: In my micro-tests Opera's JS can run the same numeric loop (producing the same result!) almost 200 TIMES faster than Python, and for example, faster than the C code compiled by gcc 3. Opera manages to achieve that from plain JS code, and up to then only ActiveScript and Microsoft's JScript were able to match, but they both needed explicit typing for the same results. So it doesn't matter where they started, now they really achieve impressive results. It's true, though, that Google's move resulted in everybody else having to do that too. Microsoft tried to avoid, as they knew that Google benefits more from really fast JS, but the pressure continued... Absolutely! Damn language innovators who think that solving module linkage is "not sexy" but modifying syntax to be unprocessable by people and machines is. Google Go is fast because it stole ideas from Wirth and followers (Turbo Pascal, Modula) who actually took the care to provide sane module linkage for decades. The proper path to the evolution of C was to keep includes and classic linking but to allow "module linking" too. All that was being done for decades, only not in C and C++. Exactly, with the BASIC in my Spectrum (1984) I was able to draw over the whole screen in full resolution (at that time even the very "bitmapped" screens were novelty, other computers had special regime for drawings and another for letters -- Mac, who broke that, came only in 1984, PC users stopped using text modes only with Windows, which got popular only around 1990) -- one single statement to draw the line, one single statement to draw the circle... to put that in the loop you needed only two lines more, or you could even write it in the same line. And no special editor needed, you just type, press Enter, and the result appeared immediately. And no icons, no toolbars, title bars... Command, result. Or a few lines of program, result. Try now to draw something. Try to produce the sounds of notes with it. It was simple, now it's not, that's why it's not THAT. It's sad that it's so hard these days to do some basic stuff, like only a few typed words to draw something etc. Today even languages that should be simple aren't. Import libraries, reference modules, only to evaluate abs(-2)? Failure of modern language incarnations... I think you missed the point, it's issuing and enforcing the software patents that is bad for anybody but the biggest companies. In my opinion the main problem that EU regulations brought to Europe is exactly that it's now much easier for big companies to push through new laws which are good only for the mentioned big companies and which then get applied by all the members. And sorry, I falsely understood that you believed that the easer issuing of patents which is probably coming in EU is what's "better" in EU than in US. Now I've read more carefully -- I'm the one who overlook the "but" in your sentence. I live in Europe and the press is here full of such examples. Before, the corporations had to lobby the politicians of every state and some things would simply never get through as the attempts would induce reactions from opposition and the media attention. Now corporations simply lobby the bureaucratized "representatives" decisions of who are almost never covered by media -- cheaper, simpler, and almost always works. Try discovering how GM food got allowed in EU. What's ironic is that Windows 7 was designed to be more Mac like and less like Windows XP and now they want to claim advantage for Windows 7 as being "more like the computer you know to use." I have the book and was disappointed, my experience was "OK let's learn about X" I search to find mention in the book, and I get something like "mostly harmless." Or something with much less information than in the first few lines of the wikipedia article about X. I still don't know where's any good stuff in that book. Anybody cares to explain? It's simple if you think about it: the company has its own servers, and as far as I understand, what presented as a "plugin" is a browser extension. So yes, I'm very sure it's not something that runs only on your machine and only communicates with google. Call me paranoid, but I wouldn't give one more company the access to my e-mail. However it seems quite common today, that's what a lot of "social" sites prompt people and they gladly enter the login data. Wow that's interesting: I've found a paper from 1975 Lex − A Lexical Analyzer Generator http://staff.ustc.edu.cn/~shzhang/staff/lesk-lex.pdf and Google's Eric E Schmidt was only 20 at that time according to Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_E._Schmidt He got BSEE on Princeton in 1976. OK, both Bell Labs and Princeton are in New Jersey, but it's still quite impressive to be the developer of lex in Bell Labs as a 20-year old Princeton student. Of course even more impressive is being 129th richest person in the world in 2006. It's still bad, since it will lead to the effect "just write every class with auto." C++ combined memory allocation and the object destruction in one thing and now we have too many people that think those should be one primitive. They shouldn't. Once you recognize that you have to care about both separately, you start to recognize that even GC is an answer to the wrong question. For really "cool" programs (using the most of the resources etc) you simply have to manage memory yourself. Object should not manage their allocation, they should just "know" who's in charge for their allocation. Some Bloomberg guys recognized that and made some libraries for C++, ans some work was done to get something like that in C++ standard, but I don't know if the result is useful. I also don't know if such ideas would look nicer in D. Asus wanted. Some time ago Asus had preparations to introduce non-x86 (but ARM) based netbook. It would be cheap, use less power, you name it (iPad is also ARM based). But Microsoft and Intel twisted Asus' arm, and Asus even had to publicly apologize for mentioning "the product that is not going to be." AS3 is fast as the language, but developers can make too CPU intensive animations there too. Moreover AS2 in which a lot of ads are still made is awful slow. And you can't control which ads (and the quality of the implementation) will be served when you're on some site -- therefore on weaker processors most of the sites which present the flash ads are amazingly hard to use -- you just experience lockups all the time. To me it's funny that you worry about toolbars that collect your browsing information and ignore the extent in which Chrome does the same. It's true Google has their tracking scripts on most of the web pages today but what Chrome does in the background seems to be one dimension more. The only difference from the toolbars is that you're not aware of it as the browser "is faster than other ones." Anybody to explain what was Hot Potato site anyway? I see it's a site where you register and post stuff. But what was unique for it? Every time I see news about Go I go and read again the http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html to see if something got better. The first version I've read still needed ";" separators. Still, D looks to better by the order of magnitude. I think Go solves less problems than D: What I like in D is that it moves in the direction of letting the programmer interact with the "knowledge" the complier has when it processes the code, much more successful than the C++ template clumsiness. Compared to that Go has much more "old" feeling even if Rob claim it's "modern." Even more important, D allows even writing "classic C level" of code if needed -- and for some critical places it's always needed. As far as I understand, the whole D (the compiler and libraries) can be written in D, which is not the case with Go which certainly needs good-old C. You should definitely measure something from the real life. I measure something as simple as a loop in which some short floating point calculations is made (actually only two additions per loop and one FP comparison) and my measurements on the latest Intel i5 give (in seconds): 0.31 VS2010 -O2 SSE2 0.35 VC 6 -O2 0.44 cygwin gcc-4.3.2 -O2 0.95 cygwin gcc-3.4.4 -O2 I haven't tested the later 4.x gcc but the results are clear -- even VC 6, 12 years old, is better than a quite recent gcc, at least for FPU calculations. It illustrates nicely how clumsy a lot of languages are for such a simple-to-describe task. Mess with libraries, try to guess what's best to use... After all these years I still like the plainness of BASIC. Try to analyze the traffic. See if something goes to Google even for the sites that don't already have Google's tracking scripts on them. I know, "it's all for convenience of user." Speaking as a guy who writes in assembly too, I'm not sure that much can be gained by BM at least on modern out-of-order processors. The cost of comparing every byte is low, and to skip a few bytes can cost more in additional instructions which can slow the pipeline than it would be by just searching through every byte for the first one. Other speedups (mmap) sound reasonable. How about simply giving the watcher the "unblur" button, and keeping blur otherwise? That way the watcher can protect himself more from unpleasant visuals. There's also http://www.hackernewsers.com/ where you can fill your profile And it must be acceptable answer -- it's not the only thing we don't know. Almost all of the things in physics are known only as observations, and as "laws" which fit with observations and allow us to predict the results of the similar observations. Then we intentionally try to find some observation that makes us refining the rules. Like Lorentz's formulas are the refinement of some Newtonian "laws." That's how science works. I use J2ME and enjoy it. I purchased three J2ME applications, worth 100 EUR, that as far as I know still don't exist on "smartphones" (good dictionaries). I also use Opera Mini which is exactly what I need. For me J2ME apps seem to be much "safer" to use than the "smartphone" ones which typically get access to much more on the phone than it would be really needed. Not to mention that the dictionaries do work perfectly "offline." See comments from sp332 on http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1629961 "It's exactly the sort of thing RATE ( http://www.icr.org/rate/ ) has been talking about. The main point of the RATE project is to discredit the radioisotope dating methods. Sometimes they just send samples from the same rock formation to different labs and get different results. But they also spend a lot of time finding reasons that radioisotope decay rates might change over time. This is all from what I remember from a conversation I had with someone involved with the project about 10 years ago. They got a lot of funding and a lot of interest back in the late 90's when they were just starting. I thought some of their research was interesting, but there was so much propaganda mixed in that it turned my stomach, so I stopped following it." Still there's a good reason not to use 64 bits: interconnections, transistor count, die size. You can't have a CPU that sips milliwats of power and make an architecture of a 50 Watts beast. "So why doesn't C do it this way? Probably the hardware didn't do this at the time C was designed." As far as I know, hardware still doesn't do this, if we look at the assembly instructions of CPU's. The languages that specify it towards zero have the advantage of being able to map the computation to the single CPU instruction. Then how about giving an example of somebody who had some benefit of learning Klingon, not related to Klingon as is? I checked the Dropbox, but I don't see why a service of "storing something on some servers" has to be bound to "you must install this app which you have no control of to use the service." The only answer I see is "they want to do something nefarious." Otherwise there would be a simple web interface for people for which that is enough. Or even a simple html based API. Is Tarsnap better? Some people never reach 20+ "friends" on FB... who's to say what's the right limit to the number of "friends"? Abstract: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/smll.200901100/ab... Resistive Switching in Nanogap Systems on SiO2 Substrates Jun Yao5, Lin Zhong1,2, , Zengxing Zhang3, Tao He3, Zhong Jin3, Patrick J. Wheeler4, Douglas Natelson1,4, , James M. Tour2,3,* Article first published online: 28 SEP 2009 DOI: 10.1002/smll.200901100 Pdf: http://www.ruf.rice.edu/~mobile/publications/yao09small.pdf It's quite far from being proved to be feasible. I've just tried to watch one video -- Carnot cycle. http://www.khanacademy.org/video/carnot-cycle-and-carnot-eng... I've read the first book of the Feynman lectures during the last six months, only for fun, to compare the insights of Feynman with the education I've received during my school time, twenty years ago. In that lecture Khan was ALMOST right, but I think it's not good. He mentions in one moment "the energy given to the system was the higher potential energy of the rocks" which is wrong. There's no the same amount of rocks, so the energy of the remaining (less) rocks is the same as the energy of more rocks before in the process he described. Feynman's approach to actually understand that the energy transferred was to "speed up" the movement of the gas molecules is right, this is not. He also "derives" the formula with delta U = Q - ... where he should have just written Q = ... because that was what was intentionally done. So I'm not satisfied, I believe Khan was able to deliver much better lecture had he first prepared himself a little more. Maybe using some simpler book as the start but using Feynman for the insight to be able to explain what's really going on. The quote is not so dubiously attributed, here's how it appears in his "Ideas and Opinions" 1954, Crown Publishers: "ON CLASSIC LITERATURE Written for the Jungkaufmann, a monthly publication of the Schweizerischer Kaufmaennischer Verein, Jugendbund, February 29, 1952. Somebody who reads only newspapers and at best books of contemporary authors looks to me like an extremely near-sighted person who scorns eyeglasses. He is completely dependent on the prejudices and fashions of his times, since he never gets to see or hear anything else. And what a person thinks on his own without being stimulated by the thoughts and experiences of other people is even in the best case rather paltry and monotonous. There are only a few enlightened people with a lucid mind and style and with good taste within a century. What has been preserved of their work belongs among the most precious possessions of mankind. We owe it to a few writers of antiquity that the people in the Middle Ages could slowly extricate themselves from the superstitions and ignorance that had darkened life for more than half a millennium. Nothing is more needed to overcome the modernist's snobbishness." Avoiding the middle man in the event coverage is certainly the main reason for Apple to do the live stream. It's worth not having negative comments! Awful. The article writer complains that Gmail bounced his mails after his subscription expired. However careful reading reveals that he was able to select automatic renewal when he subscribed for a given time and he just didn't do that. As the subscription was only 5 dollars, I can only conclude the service was fully unimportant for him. And now he's all mad. It's much worse: the user: 1. is an "entrepreneur" 2. uses gmail as his only mail service 3. receives "up to 600 emails a day" 4. has paid 5 USD for subscription, once 5. doesn't want to automatically renew 6. ignores the expiration notification 7. observes expiration occurs 8. bitches > one renewal notification email for what is obviously a critical service. And preserved all his mails. > I'd rather receive a clear and concise notice email. He ignored it. > Put a renewal notification in the Gmail UI He already said he doesn't use web interface > Respond with a transient full inbox failure The mails bounced as he already used up immense amount of storage which he didn't pay. > instead of a permanent failure But they preserved all his immense gigabytes piled up in 6 years of his e-mail. > OP in this case is somewhat technical He gets 600 e-mails per day, as his main work, and doesn't want to even pay regularly for the service. > but if this had happened to my mom, my grandparents Because your mother or grandparent is also "an entrepreneur," gets 600 e-mails per day and has much more than seven gigabytes in gmail? He just trolls to get the attention. You have to read: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/michkap/archive/2010/03/21/9982732.a... Written by the programmer who got multiple sclerosis in U.S. How he suffered because of the system. A good example of something "only in America" (from the Europe perspective of course). > for the same sensor size MP count is better That's very wrong. The number of photons is limited, the effective light-sensitive area drops with more MP, and with small sensors with more MP you then get more noise than a signal. It's hidden by post-processing but that also drops the real information. So less MP is better in a lot of common circumstances. If you exclude professionals, nobody buys "full-frame" sensors. Excluding professionals, people don't even know what that means. Nobody brags about sensor size, everybody brags he has "more MP" than before. Also almost nobody wants to make photos only in the direct sunlight. Normal conditions are conditions with less than optimal light. So excluding "full-frame," more MP is actually worse, and people buy simply by believing "bigger number better." Edit: Let me stress once again: I'm not discussing a scenario of a "professional with a slave to carry all his equipment and another guy to set and hold the lights" but a "normal person" carrying not-too-expensive camera or even his phone and expecting "more MP better pictures." I also use Perl (5 of course) for text processing but also for some binary file modifications. Just for playing with algorithms I use Python. I still wouldn't like to have to use the "wrong" of them for the given purpose. Personally I don't expect Perl 6 to have a noticeable impact soon, I've read about it and I've never thought "that's what I've been missing all the time." Let me tell you what I'm really missing -- something even simpler than Python which would allow me to draw the random graphical things with basic interactive possibilities but with the ease of old Basic languages. I've used tkinter a few times but every time I have to make something new I just discover I've forgot all the illogical things I had to do the last time, and the old source is not of much help, I know I'll have to spend trying a lot just to make something simple, so I lose the will to even start again... It also has file description before the copy of the file data and at the second copy at the end of the whole archive, allowing fast listing of the content or location inside of the archive, exactly as the article would want. The only thing pkzip doesn't cover in the original format is unix/linux specific metadata, but maybe this was/can be added. I use info-zip when the metadata don't matter but tar when they do (but even tar has its limitations with working with unix/linux metadata). Beautifully written. Note however that mentioned Hula calendar is also very dead today (so there is an additional story to be told!): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hula_(software) And for those who don't know (international readers like me) the expression "albatross around the neck" which JWZ used here comes from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's poem The Rime of the Ancient Mariner (1798): In the poem, an albatross starts to follow a ship (...) the mariner shoots the albatross (...) which is regarded as an act that will curse the ship (...) To punish him, his companions induce him to wear the dead albatross around his neck indefinitely http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albatross_(metaphor) click bait, real content link: http://news.cnet.com/2300-1035_3-10004733.html The most interesting for me was: "In 2008, average U.S household income was about $71,500, while the median -- or the point at which half of incomes are higher and half are lower -- was $52,000." The point of the article is in Clifford M. Will "The Confrontation between General Relativity and Experiment" (2001) http://relativity.livingreviews.org/Articles/lrr-2001-4/ "Gravitational wave damping has been detected in an amount that agrees with general relativity to half a percent using the Hulse-Taylor binary pulsar," I also have something to say to the first question in comments there, to which the article author answered that he can't answer. The question was "Is the speed of gravity reduced by the medium through which it travels in a analogous manner to the slowing of the speed of light through various media?" I was lucky enough to read Feynman Lectures recently, so as far as I understood him, the photons themselves don't really slow down in various media. That is, what we see as the result is the slowdown, but only because it's a new light (new photons) on the other side of the media. The photons on the other side are photons which were pushed out of the atoms of the media, that's why it appears that they come out slower. Inside, between the atoms of the media, photons still move at the speed of light. And all because Chrome OS should be a part of the TV sets! So that's the potential fight: web based OS in the TV sets versus iPhones/iPods that talk to the new Apple TV. I think it's clear who has better "remotes." I'm curious how "killer" it will be regarding power consumption. The present Hummingbird based Samsung's best single-core S5PC110 is already in 45 nm, so if they put two cores, the CPU will need twice as much power as now when both whenever the second core has to do something. I wasn't surprised about difference, only that up to now I didn't know that half of the families in US live on less than 50K USD per year. But AFAIK Cherenkov radiation occurs in medium, so there isn't any contradiction to the generally accepted limits, and Ronald Mallet is highly unlikely to be trusted, see the wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Mallett Hardly abusing or original, generating small chunks of code and invoking C compiler on each of these is how GNU autoconf works (and the reason it works slow, too!) The actual line from Knuth's article "Structured Programming with go to Statements" is: (...) "premature emphasis on efficiency is a big mistake which may well be the source of most programming complexity and grief." Note: not "optimization" but "premature emphasis on efficiency" and "may be the source of complexity and grief" not "root of all evil." Who invented "root of all evil" then? Edit: here it is, also Knuth: " There is no doubt that the grail of efficiency leads to abuse. Programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about or worrying about, the speed of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance a considered. We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. Yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3 %. A good programmer will not be lulled into complacency by such reasoning, he will be wise to look carefully at the critical code; but only after that code has been identified." OK, there it is, but nicely guarded in a long sentence and not made to be used as some mantra! Additionally, I agree with Joe Duffy: "It's an all-too-common occurrence. I'll give code review feedback, asking "Why didn't you take approach B? It seems to be just as clear, and yet obviously has superior performance." Again, this is in a circumstance where I believe the difference matters, given the order of magnitude that matters for the code in question. And I'll get a response, "Premature optimization is the root of all evil." At which point I want to smack this certain someone upside the head (...)" If I understood correctly, here the Lisp code generates the C code which generates the small chunks of Lisp code which are then compiled. But I don't understand what you mean under "intermediate expanded file." In autoconf the config.h is the final resulting chunk that is used in the final compilation (somewhat in parallel to Lisp chunks generated by the C)." What's your take? The shortest link to the explanation: http://www.google.com/instant/ The shortest link to the explanation, for those of us who don't have javascript turned on by default and want to read about it, or who don't see the new interface: http://www.google.com/instant/ "Google Instant is starting to roll-out to users on Google domains in the US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Russia who use the following browsers: Chrome v5/6, Firefox v3, Safari v5 for Mac and Internet Explorer v8." Try typing "fuc" -- it's smart enough not to be instant :) Correct: there's real chance I'll forget what I wanted to search if I'm presented with something else shiny before! It's dangerous and it will mostly make popular searches even more popular. It's a positive feedback loop, often a bad thing. AFAIK not SafeSearch but "in addition," the second part of your qute. Well, wasn't SSH de facto broken for almost two years on Debian distros, due to the bad random number generation bug? The major problem of nuking something like that is that you can get more pieces that are out of the control. The goal is just to deflect. It's harder than it appears. I've tested http://nightly.mozilla.org/js-preview.html with my simple benchmark loop (two floating point additions per pass) and it's really better: 300M passes of loop, time in seconds: 0.88 Firefox 4b6 2.26 Firefox 3.6.6 which is approximately 2.5 times faster. Now that particular loop executes at the same speed as ActionScript 3 (in Flash 10) with explicit typing. That's the big achievement for Mozilla. Looking at their v8 bench speedup: from 0.7 ms to around 0.3 ms we get again 2.3, comparable with the simple loop measurement. But interestingly enough, Google's V8 gets its speed in a very different way, as my mentioned benchmark loop performs much worse in Chrome: 3.9 sec on Chrome 6.0.472, thats 4.4 times slower than ActionScript or Firefox Beta 4.