Let's hope prospective interns aren't grading potential internships based on whether the company's web server melts down an hour after a post on hacker news. :-) All I get is a 500 error. I edit text all day with a black background, often with green text (but not blindingly bright green), and that still makes my eyes hurt. I didn't make it past the 2nd paragraph. aka "15 Reasons Why Your Written English Sucks". I could barely parse half of the sentences. If you're going to spam Hacker News and try to sell help desk services, at least put some effort into grammar, spelling, and formatting (some points are bold, some aren't, etc.) No way you're going anywhere near my customers. At least "wayfarer" is a word. I worked at "Adapx". Don't feel bad, everyone except the employees pronounced it wrong. The fact that the marketing company that charged them for it wasn't laughed out of the room amuses me. The decision makers had to have asked, "how do you pronounce it?" And they wrote a check anyway. ("Adapts" or maybe "adaps" is the intended pronunciation, I'm still not exactly sure and I worked there.) > I can assure you that steel frames are not your friend Speaking as one who spent $3500 on a steel-framed commuting/winter training bike, I obviously disagree. Aluminum rides rough and carbon is just silly on a commuter. Though to give you the benefit of the doubt, you did mention " That said, I would encourage anyone to get a degree if you have the opportunity. Sure, you can learn stuff on your own, but directed learning can save you time down the road. And the paper can help sometimes. On the other, other hand during the times I was a hiring manager I never really cared much whether someone had a degree or not. Demonstrable experience and chops are worth more to me. Thanks for the link. I may use Phabricator just so I have an excuse to dig through the rest of the docs. :) Well, that and it looks like it could be quite useful. What about the brake pads? With regenerative braking, I expect the pads on my Nissan Leaf to last almost as long as the car. Whether the $600/year is a good price is irrelevant. The matter at hand is "pay us $600/year or we void your warranty". It's shady, for one, and of questionable legality given Magnuson-Moss. With the regenerative braking on the Nissan Leaf (what I own and can speak to with some authority), pressing the brake pedal does not mean the pads touch disk. What happens most of the time, and for most of the braking right up until the car comes to a stop, is that the electric motor is turned into an electric generator. I can watch the meter on the dashboard switch from sucking-juice-from-battery to dumping-juice-in when I hit the brakes. I also assume there are some large capacitors involved, as I can't imagine any battery likes having 30kW being dumped into it. As far as I can tell the only time pads touch disk are 1) emergency stops when the generator can't cause enough load to safely stop the vehicle 2) below about 10mph (not much load from the generator) and 3) the battery is fully charged and has no room for additional electrons. The transition from generator to pad-and-disk can be felt if one is looking for it. In summary, the vast majority of the braking on the Nissan Leaf appears to be done without the conventional brakes. I assume the Tesla works in a similar manner, hence my comment. EDIT: added a third reason for conventional brake use. What parent said is correct, categorically or not: regenerative braking does not use conventional pad-and-disk. It uses the electric motor to slow the car by turning the motor into a generator. The fact that a Nissan Leaf has pads and disks does not change this. Regenerative braking is not just a "hip, new (phrase)", it has an actual distinct meaning. That meaning is distinct from engine braking. I've driven manual transmissions all of my life, from motorcycles to large trucks, and to me regenerative braking and engine braking aren't even close to the same thing. As a side note, if your brakes can lock your tires at speed (and I don't know of a modern car that can't), then engine braking in an emergency isn't going to help as the tires are the weak link. Unless you're racing on the track every weekend, that sounds like a ridiculously short replacement interval. IIRC from my professional mechanic days, Mercedes puts some seriously thick pads on their brakes. I recall that they typically didn't get replaced until many miles had passed. As another commenter mentioned, I'd ask for the pads back. The rotors, OTOH, come out of the factory barely over spec to begin with (I imagine weight savings/fuel economy as one reason). Just a little bit of wear, and they're not worth turning on the lathe. (Ex-ASE-certified mechanic here, but IANAL.) Your typical recourse is to return to the shop and have them do the job again. Yes, the faster a shop turns out a job the more they make per hour. But if a car comes back, the money made on fast turnover gets lost quickly. So contrary to popular belief there is an incentive to do the job right. If the car comes back, they should work on it until it's right. Now what if the shop said, in your example, "too bad, we're not fixing the head gasket"? I'll start with saying that court is probably your next option. But I have two other things to add. First, a decent shop would replace the head gasket if they screwed up. Once in a while a shop just has to eat a big job due to a screw up. Second, though, is that it's sometimes hard to properly place blame. I don't know the details of your situation, so forgive me for assumptions, but head gaskets don't just blow the instant the overheat light comes on. Yeah, the shop may have screwed up, but that doesn't absolve the driver from pulling over when the light comes on. So who do we blame? Well, that's why you call a lawyer. :) I like how the first picture is of a Ferrari engine. I don't think high fuel mileage is Ferrari's main selling point, is it? :) The article (which I mostly just skimmed) seem to center on technological solutions. But since CAFE is a fleet average, I wonder if makers won't just throw an EV or two in their lineup. With an EPA rating of 99mpg or more for EVs, that ought to bring the average right up. I guess that means people still have to buy them, though. So they effectively reinvented the boneshaker[1] while forgetting why the highwheelers evolved (you're not going to go very fast on this thing). [1] http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boneshaker_(bicycle)#section_... "Best response...ever"? I got bored two paragraphs in, I am confident that the recruiter didn't go past two sentences. When the hiring manager asks, the recruiter will just say, "he didn't accept the offer." That's not to say there isn't validity in what was said (just because it bores me doesn't make it lack value), but as a response to Google HR it isn't going to change anything. For me, the not-one-but-two "tip for a tiny belly" ads gave it away before I even got to Airlie's post. Right or wrong, those types of ads prejudice me against a site before I even get to the content. In this case the content did little to change my judgement. Palm got rebuffed because they masqueraded as an Apple product. The USB-IF understandably didn't like that. It won't be "harder for Apple to stop" Microsoft because Apple is unlikely to even try to do so. Apple has a documented method for accessing the iTunes library (RIM and others used it). Even if there were not an approved way to do it, the database is in XML so it should be relatively easy to work with it. Why Palm took the route they did mystifies me. So what will Apple do now, you ask? Nothing, more than likely. Maybe Y!, but ermm, Microsoft has a great web-mail product? Are you referring to something other than Hotmail? Because ads aside (bills have to get paid), I find Hotmail to be infuriatingly bad with its UI. Multiple lines of text-only toolbars (hard to find what I want), one text box to search the web and another to search mail (and I always get the web one when searching mail), and just too much non-mail crap on the screen. That said, HM does seem to have some nice features such as a decent spam filter (finally; it used to be laughable) and easy unsubscribe. But bury it under a poor UI and I just dread using it. Or maybe when you say "great web-mail" it's blindingly obvious to everyone but me that you're referring to something else, in which case ignore me. :) Wolf-Parkinson's, that's me. I was a highly-trained and mostly-healthy bike racer and would occasionally get a rapid, arythmic heart beat under certain conditions that would last for sometimes hours. Finally went in to get it checked, and when I asked "doesn't that result in sudden death in athletes?" He said if it hadn't killed me by now it probably wasn't going to. One heart ablation and it hasn't bothered me since. My rambling point is that, yeah, "perfect health" sometimes isn't. And a few pieces of heart tissue that grew just a little differently could have meant I'm not writing this despite being a life long endurance athlete. I can't say it's changed my outlook on life much, though. As an owner of a Nissan Leaf, I'll take a stab at it. First, Tesla makes nothing but electric cars. Contrast this to Nissan who also makes the gas-guzzling Armada ("like an entire fleet of SUVs coming at you!"). Tesla has an incentive to make them not suck, all the way from the experience of the car itself to the sales process to keeping it charged (the Supercharger infrastructure). The Leaf buying experience, OTOH, was one of the worst I've ever experienced. I'll spare the details for another time, but if I weren't a hard-core early adopter Nissan would have had an extra Leaf lying around. I love our Leaf, but Nissan did little to endear me to the company itself. From what I hear of Tesla, though, it sounds like their start-to-finish-to-living-with-it experience could turn me into a fanboy. Second, though I'm really happy with our Leaf it falls a bit short in some respects compared to the Jaguar we got rid of to make room for the Leaf. The Leaf is a really nice compact car, but it's still a gussied up Nissan Versa. The Tesla, OTOH, is a nice car, electric or not. If they hadn't already sold out with a miles-long waiting list, I probably would have put money down on a Model S. I can see one in the car-owning future of my wife and me. Last, with the range of the top models it could be an only car for a lot of folks. Our Leaf can do a day of driving around town or further, but then it's back home to get plugged in. I can't think of a lot of places I'd go that a Tesla couldn't take me there. In summary, the Tesla Model S is the car that could take the industry forward. Nissan Leafs with a 100 mile range sold through a traditional dealer network probably aren't. Sorry for the late reply, I don't have reply notifications set up. During the ablation itself, I felt nothing because I was drugged. However, they have to repro the problem in order to know what to zap. That was an interesting process with all kinds of non-painful (though not entirely pleasant) stuff to feel. The details are still up if you care: http://psychocross.blogspot.com/2007/10/next-in-continuing-s... Hmm, but it seems to work in Safari for iOS6. There's no hover, of course, so one has to touch the bar that corresponds to income. I wonder what shenanigans are going on that it doesn't work on so many desktop browsers. First, the page is cut off on Safari on an iPad. But I can get the gist of it. More to the point, it's the piracy argument all over again. If I unsubscribe from a retailer's list, I wasn't going to buy anything from their mailings anyway. It's apparent that I had no intention of reading them. They're missing out on nothing. But maybe I'll buy something in the future, who knows? If it was an otherwise pleasant experience I'll keep them in mind. When I unsubscribe, I hold no ill will toward the sender if they make it a one-click, easy unsubscribe. Make it a pain to unsubscribe, however, and get nothing in the future. Take Musician's Friend as a prime example. My first and only purchase from them was a Fender Greta amp (highly recommended, BTW). I gave them (my gmail alias)+musiciansfriend@gmail.com. They took it. They also spam me every other day. Fine, I'll unsubscribe. But the unsubscribe form's regex rejects "+" and tells me the address is invalid. Too bad for you, MF, as I'll just filter your mail, the paper catalog that I didn't ask for will go straight to recycling without ever entering the house, and I'll bad-mouth you to anyone that asks. That's because post-sale MF came across as obnoxious. I remember using the SAMs books (which make the list). I learned more from correcting the errors, of which there were many, than I did from the books themselves. Simply horrid books that should have had much more time spent on editing. > Windows CE based Wizard style PDAs predate the Apple Newton Newton came out in '93 and WinCE came out in '96. But that nitpick doesn't take away from your general point. MSFT seems to be good at coming out with things that have potential, but then let's them languish. Their mobile products were a prime example. On the last WinMo phone I had (2006-ish), the OS had dialogs that were (I assume) user-drawn and going on ten years old. Those dialogs looked like it, too. Apple comes along with a platform they were willing to pour the company into, and MSFT has been playing catch-up since. You say they don't make their products "good enough", I'd argue that Microsoft doesn't stick with their products long enough to make them good enough. Their wireless home phone system (can't find a link) was an example. V1.0 was rough around the edges, but useable and forward-thinking for the late 90's. v2.0 was going to be great, except there never was a 2.0. What amazes me is that in a couple of generations the accents of all the regions change (including England itself with the hard r , apparently). In the case of the US I'm curious if accents stay the same once geographically stable. Once we became more mobile in the early-mid 20th century, are accents changing faster with the influx of diversity as folks move around? They don't make you turn off anything. You simply can't bring it in. Just like you can't bring in your own food or drink. The FCC and radio spectrum legalities don't enter into it. They don't want some rogue devices screwing it up for everyone else. The stadium is offering free WiFi, so there's no attempt to block communications and there is no need for kind souls to offer free WiFi. Great, now I'm tempted to spend way too much time experimenting to find other banned phrases. :-P But sure enough, whether it's buried in a bunch of lorem ipsum or standing alone, that phrase will send your mail to the ether. It never showed in Junk, it just never came across the wire at all. Edit: this behavior goes in both directions, BTW; receive or send. I'd be willing to write it off as a one-time error on the part of some individual contributor, but what else will get your mail deleted? Since there are no checks in place for "rogue" ICs adding phrases on server-side, what will cause stuff to go missing tomorrow? The sent folder still works as expected. Oddly enough, offending emails even sync in the sent folder across devices. So Apple doesn't delete your original work (they'll even sync it for you), they just won't send it. Sadly, that went away in Mountain Lion. It looks like a bit of work to set up, but I might just adjust how I digest things and give this a shot: http://tabs.mediahackers.org . "Rivers" probably aren't going to have the archiving and what not that Google Reader or others will have (maybe, haven't looked that deeply) but most stuff I just read, or not, and move on. Not only is it linked in the article, it is very much a replay of the original Atlantic article. I didn't see a lot of added value in the article posted here, so just go read the Atlantic's. Similar to how I don't come to Hacker News to read about the list of things people don't come to Hacker News to read about. 478 pages, huh? A book on Scrum of that size seems to reflect my observation of some organizations that have implemented Scrum: little extras will be added along the way until it's no longer "agile" and just as unwieldy as the process it replaced. For an organization, that can be fine. Maybe Scrum is too simplistic, maybe it's missing a few pieces vital to your organization. Experiment, season to taste. But I believe that there often isn't enough thought put into how badly that seasoning is needed. Rather, someone along the chain says "but we don't have that thing from the old way", whether that old thing is vital or was nothing but a procedure weight around the neck of the team. As for a 478 page book, someone must have worked really hard to come up with enough fluff, diagrams, and humorous anecdotes to fill that many pages on something that's supposed to be "agile". An upvote to you for probably saying what I was trying to in a more succinct manner. Sprinkle a little "agile" on top and call it a day, rather than rework the way things are done. I don't drink (and for a variety of reasons), and I don't associate going to a bar with drinking alcohol. Yes, I understand that drinking alcohol is the main profit center of a bar. But if people want to go to a bar, fine we'll go to a bar and I'll have soft drinks or non-alcoholic beer (as long as it's not sucktacular O'Douls or the like). I can see the recently-sober recovering alcoholic being the sticking point here, and I don't have a good answer for that possibility. So maybe you have a good point. But for the religious/philosophic/recovering-but-far-enough-along-to-go-to-a-bar I don't see a problem. EDIT: now that I read the actual quote, it occurs to me that one can just throw out multiple options: drinks at a bar or coffee? The smart candidate picks coffee, drinker or teetotaler, to avoid the influence of alcohol in front of a potential employer. :-) I didn't bother reading the article because of that stupid sidebar thingy that chases you down the page. Maybe I'm the only person that finds it annoying, but there is nothing on the web I need to read so badly that I'm willing to put up with it these days. And, yeah, OnSwipe's starting to get on my nerves, too. And in a pathetic effort to remain on-topic, I'm unlikely to work at your company, either. Such window dressing over substance (I gather from comments that the article wasn't much) gives me a possible hint that my compensation may suffer the same fate. Bean bag chairs and a kegerator don't add to my 401K. It seems at least some on here know a bit about the company, and seem impressed by the concept at least. I know next to nothing about them, so let me give you the view of the proverbial "Joe Sixpack". Summary: I know of only one vendor that uses it, and LevelUp has to overcome my objections to using it right there at the point-of-sale. There's one restaurant that my wife and I go to that has the POS thingy. We live in Redmond, not exactly a town full of tech-averse folk. So problem #1 is: is it worth the trouble of signing up, dealing with one more daily email newsletter (because I forgot to uncheck the box), and having to get my phone out and find the app every time we eat there? Answer: a resounding "no". Problem #2: you have to sell me at the point-of-sale, because I frankly don't care enough to go look it up. What does LevelUp do, other than having a glowing thing that wants to have something to do with my phone? I have no idea, probably something to do with paying for my meal. If that's the only answer I can come with at the time of sale, I refer you to Problem #1. Problem #3: I know of only one vendor in tech-savvy Redmond, WA that uses it. Why even bother to dirty my inbox and the app screen of my phone? Problem #4: how's the user experience? Does it suck? Do rainbows and unicorns sprout from my phone when I use it? I have no idea. What I do know is that whipping out my credit card is quick and easy, and everyone involved in the transaction knows how to go through the motions. LevelUp competes against a known quantity, and that known quantity is actually pretty good. From reading the comments, I gather that there's some kind of rewards system. Hmm, first I knew of it (see POS sales problem). Not exactly a positive for me, as I'm growing tired of loyalty cards and variations thereof. So that's the view of a guy who knows almost nothing about LevelUp. Too much to fiddle with, and no perceived value for me. The server is definitely overloaded, and at a time when most of the U. S. is either in bed or thinking about heading home from the bar (except me, obviously). Granted, the rest of the awakened world can put the hurt on your server, but I'd prepare for when the East Coast wakes up. :-) > Just introduced the works of Iain M. Banks to a friend, so something happy does come from sad news. And I've just purchased Player of Games , maybe not based on your personal recommendation, but certainly on the collective recommendation since this news broke. Kind of a sad way to get introduced to an author, but OTOH I think it would be somewhat nice that even my impending death would lead to new readers of my work. I do feel like I'm the last geek/techy/nerd/HN/SlashDot reader on the planet to have heard of him, though. Especially if you are so large that you sell shares in company, then you have a LEGAL obligation to the shareholders to always take decisions that maximise profit over everything else I wish people would quit saying that. IANAL, but I never have found anything that definitively says that. It would seem that in the case of company sale or takeover, yes, the board has to "maximize shareholder value". But in day-to-day operations there is nothing stopping a company from saying, "we're not going to be assholes" at the expense of maximizing shareholder value. Shareholders don't like it? Sell your shares. As one example, I refer you to Costco, with profits capped at 15%, to the chagrin of some on Wall Street. As for the Jobs/Apple example, I sure hate to play the [citation needed] card, but I don't think he exactly said that Apple legally had its hands tied. EDIT: found my own citation. Jobs said nothing of the sort. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/22/business/apple-america-and... The article even quotes someone from the Labor Department as saying that companies used to use US workers at the expense of "maximizing shareholder value", without anyone going to jail, but they don't now. The finish clock on the video is correct, but it's very likely for third wave runners who started forty minutes after the first wave. So they finished in 4:09, but 4:49 from the start of the elite race. Made no sense to me at first because I was in the first wave, was walking back to my hotel 4:09 after my start, but heard nothing. Tacking on forty minutes makes the timeline add up, as I was napping by then (and wondering why sirens were interrupting my nap). I ran the race today, and my cellphone has been going off all day (within minutes of the incident, far as I can tell, up to my last call an hour ago) with family and friends checking on my status (which is fine). I'm not saying the service has been good for all, and thanks to RobSpectre for setting this up, but I can say at least some phones have worked all day. EDIT: mostly SMS, but at least a couple of incoming and outgoing calls without problems. I ran the prestigious marathon for the first time yesterday. I had a good race, set a new best time for recent years, and had a great experience. The only thing I would have been able to do yesterday was give blood, and that apparently wasn't needed. So there's nothing I can do, and fretting and worrying isn't going to change anything. Walking around scared isn't going to prevent anything. I sympathize with those affected, from those who lost friends and family to the thousands who were not allowed to finish the race. What I won't do is make the bombing the primary memory of the race. Sorry, bombers, you're not taking that away. I'll allow it to stand as a seperate, tragic event in my mind and deal with it from there. Today my wife and I will go walk the Freedom Trail just as we planned. Maybe we won't get into some (or any) of the monuments, but we're doing it regardless. I mean, what else are we supposed to do, huddle in our hotel room until our flight tomorrow? The breakfast place a block south of the closed off crime scene is open, so we're off to go get some food now. It may be hyperbole (probably not every design is a clone of something else), but a strong argument can be made that a number of designs, from the Blackjack to recent devices, are pretty good copies of something made by another company. Err, wait, I didn't get the subtle astroturfing joke, did I? Yeah, same here, from someone who's a fan otherwise. He's had some dogs, but the one that stood out to me was some weather app (not Dark Sky, which is excellent) a year or so ago. It was pretty, which I image is what caught his eye. Too bad it was crap for predicting the weather, or even getting the local temperature right for that matter. I really wondered if he ever used it for its intended purpose. Sounds like someone was just waiting for an excuse to dust off the ol' "jack-booted thugs" routine. One person's "cowering in fear" might be another's "staying the hell out of the way". The rest read so much like a canned response, I don't feel a need take apart the points (and I'm kind of sorry I bothered to read it). My response to the title is "duh". Setting out to hire a woman is , by the very definition of the word, discriminatory. For the moment, drop the legal aspects of the word "discrimination". Think more along the lines of hiring a designer versus a dev. That's discriminatory, too, but in a perfectly legal sense. In the end, though, one has made a distinction between those that design and those that write code. But if one needs a designer and not a dev, that discrimination needs to be made. Discriminating by gender, however, is not only of questionable legality, it can also make for a bad hire if one discriminates for gender above all else. Looping back to the topic of hiring women, it was good that he sought the feedback of his wife and his employee. Despite his noble goals, it sure struck me as creepy. "Do you have a vagina? Come work for us!" I read the article, but maybe I missed the part where he asked himself how the workforce got out of balance to begin with. I'm going to guess (given the attitude that he conveys) that he didn't set out to create a boy's club of brogrammers. Advertising in the wrong places? Maybe something in the interview process was more discriminatory than he thought? Something in the company that subtly doesn't appeal to women? An industry predominantly populated by those with penises? Look to identify problems like that, rather than running around where the girls hang out and blatantly recruit for chicks. If you already have a Synology box, what do you get with BS versus using Synology's own CloudStation? I've looked into BS, but I guess I'm not getting what I gain running it on my DS410. All that said, how is in-group preferential treatment any different than familial preferential treatment. The article mentioned giving away free tickets as an example. Maybe they're not all that different, just different forms of tribalism. I can certainly see it applying early last century in the U. S., when you're fresh off a visit to Ellis Island and the natives aren't particularly fond of you. If you don't watch out for each other, who else will? Further back in history such prejudices may have been more valuable when unfriendly tribes are just a short walk away. Same thing for family: the rest of the world isn't going to give us a leg up, so we best watch out for each other. Or maybe for both it's just familiarity. When you're a long way from home, I can see value in having someone around who understands your cultural background and speaks the language you grew up with. As for family, I'm probably not the one to ask. Mine is spread all over the U. S., and even if my sister lived next door I'd be just as likely to give courtside seats to a coworker as I would to her. Ah, thanks. With CloudStation, the Synology is a central box to which all devices sync, as opposed to the p2p nature of BS. If they remapped it, it wouldn't be an eject button anymore, would it? Then you would have no reason to be uncivil. Me, I'm fine with fn+Delete. Could be a "realignment of priorities", could be lagging sales, who knows? What I do know is that I've actively started avoiding EA games. I'm not a hard-core gamer, so I don't get terribly passionate about the actual and alleged sins of EA. But I think Battlefield 3 is going to be the last EA game I buy. Without going into a long spiel, it just feels like they're not satisfied with my $60 and make it too obvious in their grab for more. They're not the only ones, but they're the first ones I noticed and they continue to be the most blatant. Add to that the problems that so many of the games have upon release. I know Battlefield 3 had problems, and then there's the well-publicized Sims. Everyone I know that plays Madden complains every year when a new one comes out (yes, I do question why they continue to buy it). Perhaps I'm not the only one considering how badly I want to play a game when I stand a good chance of being frustrated with it at the start. Maybe I'll go outside instead. :-) I'm not so sure that all of the claims are true (or maybe just not well-explained) in that there exist "full cutoff" lights that don't direct light upward. The researchers' light may indeed be an improvement, but it was not made clear to me what it would be over existing full cutoff lights. Based on the illustration, maybe it has more to do with the light not scattering all over the place and therefore not reflecting off objects as much. It also seems to be an awful lot of "on paper" considering they haven't built a prototype. Finally, as I was searching for "full cutoff" to make sure I wasn't imagining it, I found this informative website on the subject of light pollution and solutions: http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/NLPIP/lightingAnswers/lightP... Do your wife and daughters do those things for the same reasons as the author? If so, I'm curious about where you live. Because just a walk through the local mall (granted, affluent suburban Seattle) indicates to me that the fears of the author are not shared by the women in my area of the USA. I'm assuming the ad is for their production hydrogen fuel cell version, which I don't see listed on their site: http://www.extremetech.com/extreme/150202-first-production-h... At WWDC, the souvenir jacket is really cool. :) Most of the worth is not in the sessions, IMO, especially since post-session Q&A was done away with. Now you might as well just watch the video. But there's hallway networking, and access to Apple engineers in the labs (I'll bet the iCloud/Core Data folk will be particularly "popular" this year). Is it worth the nearly $3000 I'll have to pull out of my own pocket? This year I decided it wasn't. YMMV, and for over 5000 people it obviously does. The source for the chart is the RIAA (lower left, tiny gray print)? The data may be accurate, they may not, but I'll consider the source. The full article sounds a lot like a puff piece for the poor, beleaguered RIAA. Singles are killing the industry, except that singles drove a lot of the industry for decades. This is briefly mentioned in the article, followed by "but the music industry wised up in the '70s". And wise up they did. Slap a couple of singles on an album, populate the remainder with filler, charge more, profit. "...musicians will have to increasingly rely on touring, merchandise sales and endorsement deals to make up for lost album sales." Yes, yes they will, just like they've always done because of how RIAA members take the large part of the profits from record sales. Again, the only ones for whom anything changes are RIAA members. I just don't see how a shift wouldn't have happened one way or another. Blame iTunes all you want, but it's a hell of a lot better for profits than torrenting. At 99 cents I won't even bother starting the bit torrent client. At $15US for a CD that consists of the two songs I want, and the rest crap, you can bet I'll look at alternatives. And I have disposable income and am not afraid to spend it. You can forget about extracting money from the teenage market at $15US a pop, which will just torrent it when faced with the choice. There's a buggy whip analogy here somewhere, but I'm not going to try. It's the way things are, and it's not going to change no matter how many members of congress the RIAA tries to buy. labels do serve a real purpose and are a valuable player in the space I have no disagreement with that. The problem is that the RIAA, and by extension the labels, make it really hard to sympathize. I have a long list of things that aren't much individually, but it boils down to not treating customers with contempt. Logically, I know that labels offer value in the market. Emotionally, I view them as greedy bastards looking to screw everyone from artists to end-customers, as long as they get theirs. Emotion overwhelms logic, and the manifestation of that is when I see a chart such as the one in the article, I just can't bring myself to care much. In addition to the points that you made, there's the issue of source control as well. XIBs have always been a pain with source control, but if one insisted it was workable. I just haven't seen a way to make storyboards work with more than dev and not end up with someone going bald from pulling their hair out. The wisest words on loyalty I've heard came from my now 68 year old retired programmer mother: "my loyalty to the company goes until they cut a check on Friday, then we start over again on Monday." Add to that "when you hear 'here at Initech, we're like a family', don't take the job unless you want to be the family dog." So much for the loyalty of older generations. They knew how fast a company will screw you just as much as we do. Though my answer should be prefaced with having started at Microsoft in the 90s. Options I've received since then have returned goose eggs. I would argue that Microsoft has done fine without finding new ways for people to post pictures of food. Some of their products are so boring that people will run their business on those products. One can't do much about comments on websites, but man, secure your machines. I'm willing to bet that "hacking his email" consisted of firing up his Windows machine, opening the account with no password, and starting Outlook. Same for the nude photos. Yeah, yeah, "trust" and all that. I don't think my own wife of nearly 20 years has spent more than ten minutes total logged onto one of my accounts on any machine in our home. I trust her, she just doesn't need to, she has her own account. Random chick I've been dating who displays just a little bit of psycho bitch from time to time? Yeah, that machine gets locked down with a high-entropy password and she gets guest privileges. Just as a counter, I'll mention that I don't spend nearly the time on Slashdot that I used to. The signal-to-noise ratio has never been great, but lately it seems to have gotten particularly bad (or maybe it's just me). Since the Dice.com buyout the ads have grown increasingly obnoxious, with what appears to be an increase in "slashvertisements" to boot. What are you looking for? Science and technology? Cool startups? Articles on coding? Just a clone of HN, only different? I have my own list, but each item on the list is a bit specialized (IOW, maybe not of interest to you), and HN keeps me up in general. Maybe listing some specifics can help others point you in the right direction. This could be what pushes me to start Android development. I just traded one of my spare iPhone 4s for a Galaxy Nexus, and started to dig into dev. But from my admittedly brief foray, it looked like a lot more fiddling than I cared to undertake right now. Sure, I use a combination of vim, xcodebuild, and a small bit of Xcode now , but if Xcode didn't exist as an IDE when I started iOS/Mac dev I wonder how far I would've gotten. As soon as the download link for the Android IDE is published, I'll be taking a concerted look into it. at least now I'm approaching something resembling adulthood I don't have the problem of trying to negotiate on the fly which of the various intricate hiphop style handshakes we're executing. Don't be so sure. I'm in my 40s and run into this from time to time with informal settings, with full-grown adult males. It will be interesting to see what happens if rumored watches show up from larger companies. If that happens, I think Pebble is done. I have one, I like it (but I don't "love it!"). Pebble has demonstrated trouble with coordinating all of the moving pieces, from manufacturing to software and firmware. I don't fault them, it's a tough job, but their window is shrinking. At the moment they have yet to fulfill all of their Kickstarter backers, and I just don't see that happening until at least July. Those 600 "apps" the article mentions? They're just watch faces (and a few small games, I guess). Those were built with an alpha version of the watch face SDK, with the warning that your watch could be bricked if you install any of those 600 "apps". A real SDK with two-way communication with the watch is nowhere to be seen. Maybe that $15 million will allow them to get cracking on getting that SDK out the door. Without some real dev support, allowing them some real traction, I suspect they will suffer the same fate as Microsoft's SPOT watch. I do some things right-handed, some left. I manage to get along with wristwatches just fine. They're going to occasionally get in the way regardless. I'm hoping the Pebble will allow me to avoid having to buy a super expensive Triathlon watch. You can get a Garmin GPS watch for about $100. Less than a Pebble, and you can take it swimming. I wouldn't recommend taking your phone in the pool. :) RunKeeper integration is cool, and handy for those that already use it (or for those that already carry a phone while running, which I don't). But I'm not ditching my Garmin FR610 just yet. As for the unpairing problem, if it happens then I can never trust it. I had that happen a lot with my iPhone, but not with a Nexus running Android. Looks like a bug in iOS, but regardless of fault I can't trust it to keep me from missing phone calls or an email message when using iOS. These things will get worked out eventually, but for now I view as a kind of neat, if not entirely reliable, gadget that happens to tell time. But that's just my use case, YMMV. Not in WA. We got rid of a late-model Jaguar S-Type to make room for the Leaf. I'm glad we did. Cheaper to run, and just as much fun in different ways. The Leaf isn't as nicely appointed, but we've learned to live without a walnut dashboard. Luxury cars can start from the ground up. In the case of the Leaf, the first line is "start with a Nissan Versa..." Plus there are all kinds of trade-offs between aerodynamics, noise reduction, aesthetics, and cost. Me, I'm fine with the looks of the Leaf. But we also own the original Scion xB. Sadly, yes, the Leaf is selling like dog shit sandwiches. The Chevy Volt is doing a little better, apparently. I don't know if it's those weekly trips from SFO to LA that people raise as an objection to EVs, or because a gasoline car is the safe bet. After almost two years of ownership, I can't imagine why anyone with the means wouldn't buy an EV as at least a second car. At the time of purchase the Model S didn't exist. When pre-orders were being accepted I looked into putting a deposit down, but the signature editions were already sold out. Didn't feel like waiting for a lower-end model (higher-priced ones being built first), as we'd already been through the waiting game with the Leaf (I pre-ordered one on the first day Nissan took orders). No matter, we like our Leaf and that gives us some time to see what else Tesla comes up with. I wonder how common this is amongst retail investors: buying things they have no business buying. Whether it's an IPO or an options contract, there's a great deal of complexity behind many financial instruments, and just because your brokerage gives you the opportunity to pull the lever it doesn't mean you're qualified to do so. On the other hand, it's hard to work up sympathy for the woman in the story. Yes, she wasn't privy to behind-the-scenes details. But it sounds like she put less research into her $200K "investment" decision than she did with the last car she bought. The Atlantic may have left out the details of her late-night scouring of web pages for information, but as a proxy for retail investors in general it's probably accurate. Here's the only thing a retail investor needs to know about IPOs: FB isn't the exception, it's the rule. Buy an IPO on opening day and the vast majority of the time you're going to lose money. Why? (And I wish I could bold and underline this.) Because the IPO isn't to make you money. Stay the hell away from them unless you know what you're doing. And you probably don't. EDIT: maybe I'm mis-remembering, but didn't the problem of mobile users and ad revenue come out before the IPO day? Odd, just minutes ago that was the title (and was the only reason I clicked on it). I refresh and now it's shortened. I don't know about "link bait", though, as the title is now less appealing to me personally. The part you quote was not the only warning sign to stay away from the IPO. Just a quick search brought a whole page (published before IPO day) of reasons to stay away: http://www.zdnet.com/blog/feeds/facebook-ipo-risk-factors-an... . Regardless, big IPOs like Facebook are driven by hype, not sound financials. I'd be willing to bet that Facebook could have used 24 point type on their login page stating: "we're losing money hand over fist" and there would still be people lining up to pay $42/share when that bell rang. Were insiders withholding information? I'm not going to argue one way or another. How do you "know what you're doing"? Start by knowing that insiders would stick it to their own grandmothers if they could get ten cents more per share. But when one's whole strategy is to hope for a first day "pop", that's playing a lottery ticket, not investing (exhibit: Zynga). For one, if one buys after the opening bell, you're not going to profit from the pop, you are the pop. > the expectation is that the order is cancelled You need to adjust your expectations. When you enter an order, your only expectation should be that it gets filled, and not necessarily quickly (or at the price you'd like unless it's a limit order). Check with your broker, I'll guess that they make no guarantee about canceling orders. Using Fidelity as an example, when I cancel an order the page comes back with " attempting to cancel order" (emphasis mine). Someone fills the order before the cancellation makes it through? You just bought yourself some stock. Much ado about nothing, as the App Store will do diff updates, starting in iOS 6: http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/ipad/#qa/qa1779/_inde... So the author is about 9 months late with his complaint. I mean, assuming that is his complaint; he never explicitly says. Excellent catch, as I've given up on using the mini player and would have gone a long time without seeing the change had it not been pointed out. Apparently not, I clicked it. After a long wait all I get is a corrupt PDF...uh, oh. "Practically silent" means my wife will practically force me to buy one, as she (rightfully) complains about the jet engine turbines the launch day 360 uses for fans. I've been holding off buying a dedicated Blu-ray player, so that has some value. Don't care about Kinect, not enough room in the TV room. Don't care about being "connected" as I have enough Skype-enabled, etc. devices around the house. The hard questions are how Microsoft's ad service, er, Xbox Live will improve my experience. Right now I'm of the opinion that the XL experience has really gone down hill with poor UI and loaded with ads. How is the gaming experience? Is it really going to require "always on"? Do I have to physically hold up my controller to "raise a shield"? I just want to move my thumbs. Am I going to be nickeled-and-dimed with micro payments/DLC? My point is, this is the first time I'll make an actual decision about buying a new Xbox. Halo made the first one a no-brainer for me. I bought the 2nd because I still worked at MSFT, and I was a company man. This time there is the real possibility that I won't buy an Xbox One. Give recent trends, they better make sure the experience doesn't suck. But I see EA is on the stage right now, so I'm not optimistic. They have a legal obligation to their shareholders to maximise profits Please stop saying that. It's urban legend repeated by those that wish to excuse any corporate behavior. (I'm more than willing to change my stance as soon as someone provides a link backing up the "legal obligation" argument.) As a guy whose wife is trying to figure out what to do for my 50th birthday party, I would like to ask the author: WTF is wrong with you? A kid you see in person once a month sends a text about a job possibility that you proposed, and that calls for a snarky answer and a blog post bemoaning "these kids today"? The author grew up without cellphones and social networks? I grew up with a party line (look it up) and no computer until I was 17, and I fail to see what the big deal is. It's not like it was some random kid off the street. For my personal tastes, I'd rather the kid text me than call me. These kids today, making us real elderly curmudgeons look bad. Your "become a man" quip worries me just a bit. I'm going to assume that this isn't your first automotive repair. If it is, please don't start with brakes. Changing pads and rotors (I assume rotor because of the $700 quote) isn't hard, and there isn't much to screw up. But if you do screw up, there isn't much leeway. In other words, getting it wrong isn't a "oh, I'll have to fix that next weekend" moment. It's a "oh, my, "I only have rear brakes/why is my front wheel locked up/oops, should have tightened those lug nuts" moment. But if you know a 9/16" box end from a 10mm socket, then have fun and give it the same attention to detail that you would an important piece of coding. 1886 Columbia Standard highwheel bicycle, the ultimate hipster fixie. Yes, I ride it (though not all that often), including 100 mile rides. For computing tech it would have to be an Apple Newton. It isn't terribly old, but I gave up using my house to curate a computing museum years ago. Look scary? Just the media-hyped name alone is enough. I'd be willing to bet that the majority of Americans couldn't distinguish between an AK-47 and a Glock by sight alone. (I'd concede that it may not be a majority, but at least a surprisingly large number.) OS X because it obviously is useful for Mac and iOS work, but works well for everything else (except Windows, obviously, but a VM fixes that). XAMPP gives me a setup for playing around with LAMP, and iTerm and a Linode gets me going for dedicated Linux work. None of that would matter if I had to run OS X on crap hardware, but MacBooks make for some of the best laptops. The downside is that if you DO want to run on lesser hardware, you're out of luck without a lot of hassle. (I've done hackintosh in the past, and though fun to hack around, if your time is worth more than minimum wage you're not saving money.) Slot machines, FarmVille, Twitter feeds, I think they all work the same: push a button, you might get a reward. I'll leave it to the armchair psychologists (or even real ones) to put a label on it, but that's the commonality I see in my own behavior. Or maybe it's just the constant influx of stimulation, I don't know. What I do know is learning to sit and do nothing is valuable. When data-connected phones came out, I thought it a boon because never again would I need simply stand in line. I could check email, surf the web, fill that time with something of "value". Then I realized that, for me, checking a Twitter feed isn't of any more value than just standing there aware of what's going on around me. In NY state, I think the main cost of the house is going to be property taxes. I don't recall the rates, and don't care to look them up. But I do recall (when the subject has come up) that my sister-in-law in Alden, NY (small town 30 miles east of Buffalo) pays ridiculously high property taxes in comparison to what we pay here in Redmond, WA. "it's an era when RAID controllers were the size of a modern day sound card" That doesn't make much sense to me. For those that don't just use what's on the motherboard, even PCI cards are pretty small. RAID controllers that I remember, OTOH, were pretty beefy. Regardless, cool looking place. I'm glad they're able to make a go of it. I shouldn't have to agree to a contract for an OS I don't care to use in order to boot into the OS of my choice. Nor should I have to read the thing in order to see what I'm agreeing to just to boot into the OS of my choice. Make no mistake, I have not been one of the hand-wringers over this whole secure boot thing. But this recent development could turn me into one. Note that I commented above that I am in disagreement the way MSFT arranged this. However, to be fair to the one posing the question, the actual outcome of clicking through the EULA to install the OS of your choice is probably nothing (well, you won't be getting your money back for that Windows license). EULA or not, nothing will happen. It's "the principal of the thing". In this case, it's a pretty big matter of principal, though. Because of the way they finally handled the snafu, they effectively ended up with a short position. NASDAQ did not set out to hold a short position, but because of how they covered customers who couldn't cancel their orders they ended up short FB. (They covered those customers because they quit trying to valid order matching by accounting for cancelled orders. They just took cancelled orders out of the equation.) And folks should think long and hard about this before thinking about "not wanting to let the company down" and the like. Loyalty is too often a one-way street, and the direction is not from them to you.