I don't know about Russians, but Shift-JIS/cp932 is still popular in Japan as if Windows never supported UTF-8, so perhaps something similar is happening there. Not sure what the materialization of that suspicion might look like -- competitors trying to crush DO's business? mass account creation or mass fraudulent logins? "mining crypto"? What I could come up felt quote-unquote legit grounds for a timed suspension but only instinctively so. > why do they think people will buy this? Extra salt to wound: and what kind of profit/revenue/result is it going to generate other than the fact that it consumes power? The more I look back at the maker movement, the more it looks a structurally self extinguishing fire. You need gaze tracking when you've got more than 2 displays. When your consciousness thinks the pointer arrow is around the content you intend to interact and your eyesight can't pick it up because it is actually 1920px away to your side it starts to feel confusing than just frustrating. Can’t recall a CPU socket that isn’t lever locked ZIF since Coppermine... You get $9 for hypothetical blood splattered on your hand or you get worse than nothing for nothing That controversial new English subs seemed much more accurate to me than the old baseline, though I can’t speak for Italian dub . After all it’s about a language that up until the last century “being rather unhateful” meant a girl’s stuck to a guy like a magnet, so... I believe they don't? The most basic types of pagers are receive only device just like a FM radio is. The network is supposed to be sufficiently loud and clear and practical, and that's it. I wonder if we will be to trust Mitsubishi designed wing root components should they fly. "building software from scratch" as in `make clean && make` rather than F5 or Shift+F12, not as in "cat > a.out" "Does not have any known safety issues" sounds like bit of a stretch, every airplane models has few safety issues at least. Issues range from faulty windshield wiper motors(I just checked and there is such one for 738), to "may spontaneously explode and kill everyone in and out". The problem is whether the prevalence and/or severity of issues are under control or not. Thanks to NHTSA being mean Comma is more or less or fore-er running(than Tesla they say...yeah okay?) so There’s the self driving code and native layers that runs on a bog standard Android phone, then an Arduino like microcontroller handles interfacing which is more or less realtime. Malformed, illegal or out of range commands would be trimmed out if occurs. They also has a narrower than commonly used limits and that is reportedly insufficient for tighter curves on some highways but are done so in good faith I guess. Why is it dangerous? Self driving software instances costs a lot to develop but nothing to manufacture, and the cost cannot be used as an indicator of its safety or sophistication, at all. Yes and yes, but the alternative is you never enjoy self driving and the potential it has to reduce fatalities for the rest of your life. It’s a trolley problem, this thing WILL KILL, the question is how more/less often compared to humans. They do entertaining things as long as you are comfortably more than ten feet from the end where freedom is expelled at supersonic speeds though, like, from buying Titanium sheets from communists to build the fastest airplanes to spy communists, to letting own psycos spike unsuspecting grad school elites to experimentally manufacture terrorists “LEO” is vague, 100km lasts months and 500km could be decades but both called LEO. Yeah, everyone has a moment when they notice a wrong umbrella in their hand. Could happen immediately upon pickup or could happen later. From there your view branches into the direction of either communal property idea or an internal shame/rage/regrets. So far I consider mine a personal property. I happened to study the process few days ago. Officer pulled out an elaborate form, asked the guy if he wants his copy, wants rights to the item if owner didn’t show up, to which he said no and no, and then he was asked to sign the blank and was told him they take care of the rest. Took 5-10 mins max. Technically no one should ever sign a blank sheet, ever, but that could be done, I guess. Ones that do USB-PD which allows other voltages than 5V What if: SEO consultants aren’t gaming system, but the search and web is being optimized for “measurable immediate economic impact” that is ad revenue at this moment — due to web itself being in-monetizable and unable to generate value. I don’t like the whole concept of SEO, I don’t like the way the web is today, but I think we should stop and think before resorting to “immoral few is destroying things, we unfuck it reclaim what we deserve” type simplification. WD: this comment Seagate: ST3000DM001 Another reason to stick to Toshiba or ex-HGST(if and when available) Or you could root target’s Intel ME or AMD PSP if you know what the NSA codename(BYEMAN or ECHELON or the likes) for those are. They cared not to be evil back then. Now they say they do the right thing, and “right” is subjective. Big consumer techs offer experience, not products. The joyous Windows Experience of office work a la Job Simulator. Modulated carriers are rarely directly synthesized by logic circuitries, even with phased arrays. You tap off a “white light source” of correct wavelength just like you do with LCD. TX/RX rates are thus independent to the carrier frequency. Only local oscillator must to be able to be configured to the correct carrier frequency. There’s no technical guarantee of such a threshold though Also: there is really no central, balanced standard for justice/justness scale, but only an illusion of it(probably generated through said cohesion). I learned it being an non-American with some English literacy on internet, and am being reminded of it every week. Justice and/or “being nice” perceived scale is just an AI model of events around you that one uses to predict certain outcomes, and most of logic you see in it are purely coincidental correlations to aid in footprint reduction. I’m personally more interested in societal impacts to it. YouTube is an impactful media, and it is moderated by personal judgements of, low paid, unqualified “moderators”, who may or may not have PTSD warping judgements or has political or religious inclinations. I remember there was a news story of a Facebook moderator whose PTSD caused them to flag a legitimate family photo as a child pornography. I don’t think there is any other interpretation to it than that repeated exposure to images to flag will lead to the standards within the moderator to rise towards infinity sooner or later, beyond logic. This is a slow fire burning the library of Alexandria that is the Internet, because everything WILL be labeled as “hateful offensive violent pornography” or something, past which point only static noises remain. This needs to stop. We know how to wire FETs, we know this is an i5 and is fast, we also know how to solder thick wires or how to loosen large screws, but no one knows how to build even a Z80 out of some germanium is how neuroscience is understood in my understanding An FBI tracker under your car is not a privileged part of your car ESP8266 is not free, not secure, but open and fully usable(if used in its originally intended purpose) I believe modern cell standards use either NAVSTAR or base station broadcasts to synchronize time slots, adjust beam forming parameters, arrange call tower handovers and such to provide Tokyo or New York or Delhi relevant density capability, and thus GPS functionality is a requirement, apart from convenience of whether it’s available to userland runs in application processor. Virtual UART drivers for every phone since 3G HSDPA creates GPS NMEA ports on your PC and it spits it garbage when it feels like doing. > The LTE modem on the PinePhone is a ‘black box’, and runs its own Linux system internally. First mention of Linux I’ve seen wrt modem firmware. Interesting! Because it’s mentally easier to vote and move on than read TFA and discover items to rage on Preventative measures do not need to be just right so that number is no measurement of severity The original XTRAs system was like: X: portable for Japanese(B5, 12”) T: portable for American/European(A4, 14”) R: office typewriter for secretaries(A4, 15”) A: office computer for bosses(A4, 15”) s: experimental ultraportable Post-Lenovo acquisition system is: X1xx: junks for kids X1C : MacBook killer for China(14”) X2 : stretched office typewriters for Japanese(12” wide) T : Proper American Portable™️(14”) R: Still office typewriters A: X2 but uses AMD CPU W: the most best ones that you order only by accident Yoga: ones that flips fragile keyboard exposing 11, 13, Flex, Helix, Tablet, whateverett: experimentals The only ones you’d care are X1C, X200, or T400 depending on your region, religion and body size. Not going to solve your problem but... Same goddamn molex... Please, no... I'm sure Molex today has far better designs with much lower insertion force. There should be no reason to stick to old stiff molex. I guess SSDs are less sensitive to environments Shucked drives aren’t necessarily cheap, bare drives are always cheaper in my country Is it ranked from middle to top & bottom? Because both ends looks weak NVMe is always electrically PCIe and always M.2 or PCIe card form factor for PC users. If it’s 2.5” it’s 100% SATA. If it’s M.2 then 50:50. Idk but what I’ve heard is anecdotal small files I/O and boot time speed up stories so webdevs might appreciate it on next builds. The premium is dropping fast anyway. No, not US specific. I see some of sellers in my country includes stickers or keychains just to change ASIN. One aspect is that not everything has counterfeit counterparts, e.g. there is no counter-counterfeit to, specific counterfeits, products that require exotic parts, or foods. I’ve never seen a 4-cell(Lipo) knockoff battery for Lenovo X200 and I know the reason is because it is not easily possible to source appropriate components. So there could be specific usage model for Amazon of a person that could completely avoid receiving unexpected items. So like IPSec? e: I mean that doesn’t suck Can’t they create a virtual webcam device somehow What I should have said is that one is discouragement while the other is encouragement, and that encouraged events tends to lead to more controversial/conflicting situations... NVR700W, IX2106 or 892J (jk, interested in global options as well) I think there are cost aspects to it; athletes gets broken bone all the times without grave QoL consequences after full recoveries, doesn’t mean it’s free of charge or it’s okay normal thing. Every commercial network is a public network in a sense Isn’t coronavirus itself a kind of common cold? I’ve heard that “the common cold” is actually a few completely different infections that isn’t worth strictly classifying for the most, and that coronavirus is one of them. If so, this is “a common cold” except maybe death rates are statistically higher. Economy being a zero-sum game is a layman’s approximation, and not the reality, at all. Merely supposed to be that way in the days of gold standards. I think the most of those games attract only developer type people of past generations. I find newer games less addictive which is not the case IRL. Why not just lang:ja I’ve heard something like the following: “Any sufficiently useful AI research is considered a field of its own not relevant to AI, and, thus, the term AI and worthless research stays synonymous” e.g. keyboard autocorrect, travel route finders, web search. Maybe internet needs to learn how to paint politicians bringing up child porn regulation as molesters Let’s call that LaForge engineering(or Spock if you’re TOS person) Somewhere in my junk parts bin is such a PCI card I bought out of a junk bin at Akihabara, that has Mitsubishi logo clearly printed with archaic construction overall, apparently marketed by NEC somehow, which product brochure page disappeared after I mentioned it on Twitter, Had a pair of blown AA battery for self destruction. I never bothered to get it working, but IIRC it was supposed to detect removal from PCI slot(the proper) to self erase. So it’s not rare or difficult. Scotty or even McCoy might be a better fit, but having seen not enough TOS, my impression is Spock is enough prominent in out-technobabbling his captain in this context Unfortunately, in today’s App environment, no company = no signed binary = no relevance anywhere whatsoever. NVMe is somehow better in random access performance. Also ThinkPads before X240 has no space to accommodate M.2/NVMe as those machines predates the standard. Personally I wish(ed) if there were 2.5” shaped GPU than SSD though Is there any use to servo based arms other than to let students discover the word “IK” Were allergies 25% more popular before introduction of said vaccine or is it that infections play roles in healthy development of an infant? 8P8C/RJ45 is such a massive ongoing mistake You can but not on your lap Those older ThinkPads predate M.2 standard and since M.2 is longer than mSATA/mPCIe they simply don’t fit in case they needed a PCIe based storage. Hopefully it won’t grow into eTLA acronym. A microcode update is a binary blob loaded to CPU on boot. Modern Intel CPUs itself are sort of a runtime environment that has its language and program RAM. By placing said blob onto BIOS(UEFI firmware) ROM, CPU can find it, fetch it and load onto internal mini-RAM during power-up. The structure of BIOS/firmware ROM differs among board manufacturers and it cannot reliably be altered from Windows by Microsoft(its all the same in actuality though). Thus the microcode update blob must be integrated into and installed by manufacturer or as per their instructions. Personally I don’t care. I only care about speed. I want the latest AGESA, but I opt Meltdown patches be left off. Is it more important to actually stop bots or to deter kiddies by showing them captchas? Yeah and that’s a way to get some sentences. IIRC cell towers generate temporary phone numbers and session IDs so a person in distress may use even sketchy phones without SIM or legit serial numbers to make a call for help. Isn’t it wryly hilarious that lots of CP clauses in laws, terms and agreements are used like some sort of one harmless OS bundled app, that every vuln PoC take advantages of in demos, completely irrelevant to the intended benefits of the ‘app’? Like, hey, this type of content is less compatible with ads. Means sudo mark it CP. We don’t like this person have publicity here. Means hey mister CP. Everyone’s only interested in CP and it’s disgusting and we gets to decide what’s CP, so what’s CP stands for? CP means CP of course! So how do you define it? Instead of the central bank issuing new digital token(the ones you can’t touch), they can print a physical dollar bills(one you can touch) in markets. These bill will live on credit card payment networks and you are semi free to do with them as you wish. Fiat currency as it is is already virtual enough. There’s no need to have blockchain involved. What Bitcoin provided solution for is initial coin distribution problem, which its answer was mining rewards, and very little else. > The VIA Nano Isaiah core design, built by Centaur, would serve as the architecture for Zhaoxin's first CPUs. Even NSA has mobile pages these days!? And japanese looks six anyway by the way. There used to be a lot 5+ years ago. Abstract doesn’t say if mice wore the mask or were exposed to air filtered by this mask Also those joke RFCs are too thorough to the point they all work and that could strengthen impression that RFCs are “official” Loud is subjective. A friend of mine recently asked if my PC is okay in a very worried tone, I said that’s how I build a PC and he now makes remarks of his annoyance every time the afterburner kicks in, all while it’s just a cruise flight to me. Ryzen 1st-gen had the segfault issue, RNG issue, voltage/clock related ones and few more. RX480 and 580 were exact same chips, only the latter was mature manufacturing wise and had completely different firmware resulting in a superior performance. It’s true that AMD products has yield(as anyone else) as well as parameter tuning/compatibility issues especially early on. I don’t think their issues are of reliability kinds(like early failure in industrial Intel Atom) though. 1st gen Ryzen had some suboptimal values in some very internal parameter that caused incorrect DRAM reads affecting all OS. They accepted warranty claims and later released BIOS updates. I doubt ECC would help prevent it(other than maybe by being slower?) > Thus if you instead lay that teardrop so the bottom is flat The thing is, both sides of a wing are defined by some nonlinear polynomials, and aft edges are sharp. Machinists don’t/can’t use such surfaces for any reference purposes so centerline can’t be there. How haven’t PWA disappoint you Luckily 1/3rd-ish of those are happening over HTTP(S) over IP on PC. Primary means not rechargeable. Secondary is rechargeable. UX wise it’s also n-gram with n>2 and only works well with Indo-European languages. I think they’re selecting target demographic to do this, because for e.g. Japanese it means having Twitter account associated with their real names means they’ll be laughed at from everyone close to(maybe 25% literal) death. Same for follow suggestions based on IP. As for manually forcing a particular signed binary for a specific device, the “Have disk...” or “manually select from” route still works without that developer mode nonsense. That had been my excuse for ignoring my own problems for years so I’d add: If you think you’re insane but also thinking it could be self-mis-diagnosis, no, you are not sane. There is no such inherent contradiction in an ability for a logical system to detect its own anomaly were you one. If it had been a false positive, the fact that a false positive is occurring itself is an anomaly, and an issue. Some 80% or so of worlds’ problems are human interfacing problems than mathematical-engineering challenges, and its best to exploit native ability to handle it that we all received when born. Does it matter if it’s a failed or successful launch? Successful launches are more energetic but 80% in mass of rocket usually are thrown into atmosphere, ocean and space, 70% of which being fuel, and 1/3 being upper stage gear that contains all the toxicity and that often reaches orbital velocity. So a failed launch merely means the minuscule amount of hypertoxic upper stage component(the kind that found in Finnish mushrooms) adds into booster mass already destined for disposal. Now, SpaceX does recover some of their hardware, but they still burn and disperse all the mass into atmosphere so there is not really a fundamental difference. It’s marketing and economy. Means it’s free if you build a all-Aluminum rocket and fill it with alcohol? I can’t cite it but wasn’t there some requirement coming from music industry back in 2010s to remove all analog outputs from devices? Partly as a reminder to self: how hard could it be to build a noise cancelling/phased array setup for streaming? I remember it was called “the analog hole” that enables piracy, that was going to be closed by a future date, back somewhere between 2005-2015. Actually they've already found out that streaming and subscription slaughters piracy unlike stringent regulations which promotes illegal activities Are the game encrypted or signed? > The difficult part is actually indexing all file names okay, ... > and their string contents on the system ... why would you even do that? ls-lR.gz works. And that’s exactly what people wants 80% of time. CD is way overrated. Terrible, even. Like, if you compare film to digital photography, but film was represented by ISO160 monochromatic Kodak, and all the digital photographic technology was represented by a 640x480 prototype camera from 2001, instead of a RED or even a yesteryear phone, then it’ll be immediately obvious that analog far outperforms digital full stop. That’s how vinyl remains “superior”. CD is terrible, not digital quantization playback in general, but because it represents “digital” somehow anyway, analog wins. In defense of vinyl, real good vinyl setup sounds just like CD, only better. (said this in another tree but: my understanding is CD sucks among digital formats , not necessarily vinyl rocks.)