That really only applies to the file/script accessing the map. If you're using .hosts files and mod_rewrite, you can just interpret /country/city/panorama-name as parameters and call the maps API from a central script located in the root. I like it a lot. A couple of critiques: - I had to look for what the app was. Yeah, the explanation is on the right, at the top of the sidebar, but I'd almost like to see it above the google map on the page. - I'm not terribly keen on the font choices throughout the page... specifically what's bothering me is the character spacing, most noticeable on the right sidebar. On the whole, I think it's a brilliant idea, and at least to my knowledge, isn't being repeated anywhere else. That said, I'd focus on layout and design, and accentuate the social aspects of the site where I could. Base hosting for an AWS small image (if that's still the correct terminology -- equates to about a 1.8Ghz Xeon with 512Mb RAM or so) is $72.50 a month in machine time. That's to keep the machine running only, not counting bandwidth. Their bandwidth is confusing to me, so I can't really speak to that, and I've only been dealing with me and the machines so far (no users), so I can't speak to how that works out at all. That said, $75 a month or so can get you a small dedicated server in some places that includes a fixed amount of bandwidth, or more predictably priced hosting at slicehost or somewhere similar. If your application doesn't need to scale, then AWS probably doesn't make sense. If you do, then it does. As an AWS noob myself, the only confusion I had were with the very initial setup (in using the keys provided to authenticate and whatnot) -- and in the initial server configuration. The major differences you'll need to be aware of are as follows: - The AMI image (basically just a virtual image) is static. You can't save files to this and expect them to exist after a reboot. That took a second to get my head around, after configuring apache and rebooting, wondering where it all went. - Set up your base OS, then save the AMI. It was confusing to me figuring out exactly what needed to go where, and remapping my server between 'fixed' and 'dynamic' content and making sure that they were in appropriate places. This includes your web server configurations, disk mounts, /var/ directories, etc. User generated data, SQL data, and (probably) your website data will be stored on either an elastic block or to an S3 bucket. The important thing to note here is that you configure your OS to look how you want it to be every time you wipe it clean. Perhaps you put your web application on it, perhaps you don't. I could see using AMIs as a sort of version control for your apps, but I don't know your use case. - The elastic IPs threw me. Don't release them on production instances. lol. Effectively, it maps an IP address to your machine virtually, which means it can be moved around. Your DNS points at the EIP which can be a single apache instance, or later, a load balancer -- all configurable within a couple minutes. Other than that, it took me less than $10 worth of AWS resources to configure a couple servers, deploy my app and get it configured to how it would be in the real world if I were to migrate, so you should definitely check it out. There's no major upfront commitment like there is with dedicated hosting, so there's really no excuse not to familiarize yourself with it. Also, you definitely want the elasticfox plugin if you're going to do anything with it. I'd point you at the following resources, which got me up and running within a few hours. - ElasticFox Plugin - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... - ElasticFox Owner's Manual (PDF) - http://ec2-downloads.s3.amazonaws.com/elasticfox-owners-manu... - Configuring MySQL to use ElasticBlock storage - http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?ex... Ah yes. Thanks for the clarification on the numbers, yours sound more right (and more generous), and do a fair job of making AWS services even more competitive than I'd thought they were. I remember discussing with a friend of mine who, at the time, was a recent hiree to Boeing. After a few months(!) of introduction and systems learning, he was tasked with writing a small portion of code. I don't remember the specifics, but it was a very specific task (e.g., "write code to display the fuel level in liters.) After a day or so, he turned in his code (something like 30 lines) and was chastised for having done too much. "What are you trying to kill people?!?" Turns out the regular output of their developers was something like 5-10 lines of code per day, and only certain days of the week. Finished products were peer reviewed before being QAd. At the time, I was just learning early Ruby, and getting used to the concepts of rapid development, and it seemed so strange. Of course, if my webapp breaks, there aren't any lives on the line. I suspect that the draw of LiveJournal is very similar to the initial draw of AIM, Y!IM or MSN. People tend to go where there friends are. I don't care how much better or more open Google Talk is, if all my friends are on AIM, it doesn't help me (hypothetically speaking since I can now use GTalk to talk on AIM.) Another thing to consider is that LJ does do a decent job of aggregating 'friendfeeds' from other LJers (and has been doing this since well before Twitter or FriendFeed existed), so it's really easy to look, at a glance, at what my friends are up to, which isn't so easy from an out of the box Wordpress. That said, as a long time user, I agree that LJ does suck, and has iterated at a snail-like pace, but it serves a purpose, and has some non-obvious features that make it better than some of its more flashy competitors. While I agree with that statement in general, LiveJournal has a much stronger network effect than Wordpress does, in my experience. Of course, I've never used the wordpress hosted blogs, so I could be completely wrong, but at least with an out of the box wordpress installation, there's no immediate way to check in on your friends, or see who you're friends with, etc. LJ offers these services in a fairly straightforward fashion. There's something already out there similar to this, at ShouldExist.org (currently down for redesign.) Might be some duplication of effort, or an opportunity to strike while the iron is hot -- depending on your point of view. That's a good idea, and one I've actually kind of piddled around with, however, I have the nagging feeling that it isn't the costs themselves that are egregious, but the diagnosis. Example: I take my car in for a squealing noise it makes. Obviously, I'm not going to pay $3000 for a belt replacement, but I have no assurance that the "Miscalibrated Magnetostat" isn't the correct diagnosis. I'm willing to pay $3000 for a magnetostat recalibration, and the going rate may well be $3k, but all the mechanic really does is replace a belt. Though, saying it out loud, perhaps I should just implement some kind of rating system for mechanics as well. I upvoted to offset your downvote. That said, I think there's an android app I saw recently on the market that does this. I'll install it later and see how closely it compares to the features mentioned. After an initial download, and about 10 minutes worth of testing, I have concluded that the Android Market "Shopping List" app sucks. It's a decent first attempt at a shopping list app, but it has (basically) two features -- add items to the list, and check items as done. The checking of items as done doesn't throw them to the bottom of the list or do anything other than put a check next to them. I think that for the average enterprise user, sticking RSS feeds into their lifeblood (read: Outlook/Email) makes the most amount of sense. Most executives / desk jockeys spend a lot of their time there, and I would suspect an equal sort of treatment is applied to their email as it is to RSS feeds. As a point of opinion, I would posit that lack of integration into other common office applications is a barrier to entry to applications soliciting the enterprise space. So, the popular theorem is that programmers who have been working for any amount of time already have the makings of their own frameworks. They've already written code to connect to or abstract a database. They've already written their authentication pieces. They've already written (or are using) something like Smarty for 'views' or display data. For many developers who toil in the same language all the time, or who have spent many hours in whatever language they're currently in, that's the case. For me, I avoid Rails because it makes me feel like a failure. ActiveRecord, for one reason or another, hates me. I like Rails, and I like the Framework concept (however limiting it might be) -- because I feel that it gets you started more quickly. At the end of any significant project, I feel like you will have likely massaged enough elements of the framework to make it work for you that it's hardly recognizable, but it still got you something to show people that much faster. That said, ActiveRecord is the showstopper for me in Rails. It seems like I've either never properly wrapped my head around it, or there are fairly low limits to what you can do, or I'm doing everything wrong. What that's always meant for me is that instead of using ActiveRecord to its fullest, I'm building SQL queries manually. And if I'm deviating from the framework's toolset, why am I using this framework in the first place. This is NOT a knock on Rails, I'm probably just doing it wrong. Rails and I can still be friends... just not in that way. I've always liked the 'middle ground' that Zend offers, in that it abstracts away the connection and handle, and gives me a convenient place to start building the model code. It's not 100%, but it doesn't make me feel guilty in the morning either. Yes, they are. Or their footer and about pages are eerily misleading. I dunno. If it scales, I'd consider myself lucky to find something with a similar return. I suspect the real discriminator in that is the inability to serve adds to an SMB share. Just speculating, but the "some reason" you speak of may have been for private or friends-only articles. Unless everything you published was visible to the googlebots, you were pretty much screwed when JournalSpace went away. :'( Looks like somebody's bought it now though, and hopefully have designs on getting it going again. I meant to follow the auction more closely, but does anybody know what it actually sold for? But but but.... DAMNIT, my backups are ON THE CLOUD!!! Javascript tag? Who's going to spend the 82 hours it takes to make write a piece of javascript that works on IE6? ;-) As a recent Django convert, I think that'd be insanely useful. Shoot me a line if you'd like some assistance (barry.meltonATgmail) Having played around with a few of the pluggables recently, are their standards for block areas? E.g., in some of the pluggables I've used, they use "TITLE" for the HTML page title element, while some have used "PAGETITLE" and another used "HEADTITLE". Fall behind in what sense? Obviously, if the multimedia content isn't transcribed quickly enough, then that makes sense, but I would also guess less consequential than if a given page weren't transformed from 'marked up' to 'text', but in the latter case, if the backend is dynamic, and just changing the output format, why would it fall behind? They're considered munitions by government employees, because of the encryption keys they're loaded with. Government employees have to 'check them in' and out like their service weapon, and aside from the encryption, don't really do anything special. Oh, and they sell for something like $10,000. In this particular form, it's probably not very useful at all -- but identifying edges, or extracting 'foreground' images from 'background' images automatically with clean edges is something that would be ridiculously useful for videography, photo editing, or just graphic design in general. Furthermore, if you advance the technology to being able to scan a photo of, say, an airport lobby, break each component into layers, and then perform shape identification on each of the identified pieces, you've got left-package detection or weapon identification technologies available to you (potentially.) I work for a government agency, and we have to deal with these from time to time. As to Niels, I wish I was sarcastic, but I wasn't making any of it up. They are 'considered' munitions, and are treated as such, but really, it's just a matter of what happens if the phone got into the wrong hands. They do have a remote kill feature, but that incurs delay, and isn't foolproof. As for the proprietary tapes, that may be true at some agencies, but I've only seen Travan tapes in use in practice. "I would like a special curry box lunch, fried rice, and large bomb." Innocent indeed. I used to be pretty big into Zend. I didn't like ActiveRecord in Ruby, or it always felt too confining, and liked the additional control over my models that Zend gave me. I've recently become a Django convert (not for the pony, that was new to me just now) because the framework just works. I haven't quite worked out the magic required to stand up a Django/MySQL/Apache/Mod_Python server on Windows yet, but it's working perfectly in my VM, so I haven't pursued it very far yet. For what it's worth, I've had good results with the opposite approach. My daughter (now 7) has been allowed to curse as long as she's been allowed to talk. That said, there are boundaries that she understands clearly -- she's not allowed to use curse words at school, for the same reasons I choose not to swear at work. She knows and understands that it isn't an appropriate place to use foul language. At home, she's free to use whatever language crosses her mind. She is also not allowed to curse AT people anywhere, because it's mean. She's a smart, responsible, well adjusted child who rarely uses foul language. Occasionally we'll hear something like "I can't figure out how to work this damn thing," when playing on the Wii, but she doesn't run around like a Tourette's sufferer either. The beautiful mystery of parenting is that neither of us really knows if we're right, and we might not ever. I'm not saying that my way is the right way. It might be, and I suspect that it is for my daughter, but I don't know you or your family. The premise for my ideology focuses around 2 things: 1) I don't want to be a hypocrite. I curse all the time, and while I'm mindful of my tongue in professional / social interactions, I do use foul language, and 2) I was more worried about banishing expletives making them into a forbidden fruit. Man. That's kind of awesome. I guess it's kind of odd that my only gripe is that it doesn't do any sort of screen size detection before displaying. I probably SHOULD complain about the information overload, or the inconsistencies in box sizing or some other silly thing, but I ... I like it. Inexplicable. It's a knee-jerk comparison, and certainly not one that I believe, but when you said "I think you need to stop and reconsider whether this is the appropriate attitude to take toward someone who really does nothing more than write articles and speak at conferences," the retort that came to my mind was "All Hitler did was sign papers and speak at a podium." The point is that despite just writing articles and speaking at conferences, the content of his messages have far more meat than his enactment of them. I'm inclined to disagree. If you view cowardice as avoiding confrontation, I fail to see how blatantly spitting in someone's face meets the criteria. Not so much that programming has given me, but constantly having to come up with analogies to explain highly technical concepts to my non-technical co-workers has invaded my life. "See, your username and password are like a combination lock, where the Kerberos ticket is a key. When you authenticate to the portal, you hand the key to the website, which validates it, and lets you in... but the key is actually in your browser, so it does that all transparently." "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." I usually just chuckle when I hear that statement, but oh man does it apply here. Something about the first story doesn't add up, which unfortunately makes me less than sympathetic. I don't see how she planned to go through years of law school with no money. Either she had enough money saved up for living expenses + tuition (in which case, she still should, as she would have saved 3/4 of that,) or she had a scholarship... in which case, she should have stayed enrolled until she found a job. I get that the circumstances MIGHT have been unforeseeable, but Aesop knew it way back in the day, and it really seems like common sense. Oh, and then the followup... "Yes, the key is invisible." So, while I would ordinarily agree that it isn't news, Unfuddle was becoming pretty unusably slow for me (or I've become unusably impatient... take your pick) for awhile now. I know of a couple teams that either moved or were contemplating a move from unfuddle, so maybe this will help keep/regain those users? It's interesting that you feel that way. Perhaps it's me, but when I agree with something, I just kind of nod along quietly, and unless I am in some kind of uber-agreement trance do I usually respond. In fact (and I'll chalk it up to personality flaws) I usually only respond to disagree, or start an argument, or correct a wrong, or basically be objectionable (note, not trolling.) To answer the original question though, I'm motivated more by starting discussion than karma. I guess that I'm usually expecting to be downmodded when I post (no idea why I feel that way, except that I'm new here,) but if I get good discussion as a response, it's totally worth negative karma. You know, I was kind of nodding along with your statement until it hit me that our generation's definition of "living within your means" is likely far different from that of our parents'. My father, if he lost his job, would be fine, probably for a year or better. Perhaps it's our generation, having grown up with credit cards and availability as the norm, but my dad (and definitely his) has always been a 'cash' payment sort of guy. I remember a discussion I had after starting a new job, after having been laid off from my previous one, in which I made the comment that I'm striving to get to 40% savings. He laughed at me, claiming how impractical it was, and how I couldn't afford to live off only 60% of what I made... but having just done so for awhile, I knew the benefit of having a safety net... and I was just lucky before that I found employment before my savings ran out. Mostly offtopic, but I thought I'd share the "NASA Water on Mars" picture for those who hadn't seen it: http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/0504/WaterOnMars2_gcc_big.jp... Actually, I think the problem was misreported. It seemed as though google flagged its own interstitial page as malware, as all the search result links showed as " rel="nofollow">http://google.com/search?interstitial= , and THAT page was malware -- unless I'm overlooking something obvious, like the interstitial page is only shown when adware is detected. Regardless, the search engine worked perfectly, it was just the links that weren't working. Simply removing the 'google' part of the URL allowed me to get to the sites just fine. From the linked wiki: "In 2008, Fry's vice president of merchandising and operations, Ausuf Umar Siddiqui, was charged by federal prosecutors in an illegal kick back scheme involving Fry's vendors. The alleged scheme was designed to defraud the company in order to cover Siddiqui's gambling expenses" One of the key things I've found works for us is differentiating what we WANT to have from users vs. what we NEED to have. We used to have a webform that (in summary) asked the user what they wanted to download, how they got there, and how we can contact them later (as sales leads). Conversion ratio was fairly poor, so I refactored the priorities of what we were asking for into 2 forms. The first form consisted of questions we HAD to know the answer to to service the user's request, and the second form consisted of info we wanted from them (name, email, contact info, etc.) So between the first form and the second form, we'd kick off the download for the user (and show a progress meter at the top) -- which got them what they needed immediately, making the site seem faster overall. Plus, since they were waiting for the download to complete anyway, the conversion goals for the information we wanted went way, way up as well. Again, I didn't actually MAKE things faster, in fact, having to fill out 2 forms was significantly slower, but we kept users engaged and let them waste their idle cycles making us happy since we were already accomodating their request. I think the point is that nobody knows, yes? The word you omitted is that you 'claim' to build your ladder to a higher set of standards. As it isn't measured against CSA regulations, or independently verified in any way, then unless we perform rigorous testing ourselves, we have no way of knowing how safe or unsafe we are. Even in the event that we properly test your ladder to the point of breaking, and are satisfied that its breaking strain was significantly great, we have no assurances that the replacement ladder we purchase from you was built to the same high standards as the demo. So, while I agree with your initial arguments that contract law ought to be more enforceable, I think this argument confuses regulation with standards. Under your original argument, your faulty ladder could only get away with the 'CSA approved' lie for so long until it was sued out of existence. If your ladder were superior, one would assume that either word of mouth, market forces, or superior marketing would get you rewarded appropriately. I thought it might be a spoof on Al Gore. :-\ I love Gaiman, and have ever since my first reading of "Sandman", and it's a beautifully written diatribe on the importance of the first amendment, but I've always viewed the issue as more of an encroachment issue first and foremost, and less to do with distrust of the law, though I suppose they're intimately related. I just always feel like any block of censorship pushes the bar inward upon us. And while it's of course natural for people to not want to see the things that disgust them, what censorship does to our rights on the whole is far more disgusting to me. It's intriguing to see the sorts of things that were once banned, or considered 'way too inappropriate' for human consumption... and how some of them have transformed into required reading for education. So I find this interesting in that it flies in the face of a couple common thoughts. The common mantra is to release early, release often. Now I admittedly don't know how often FB is releasing, it seems like the crux of the complaint that they released too early... and the fix isn't to release more often (at least at the author's implication.) Would he honestly rather they hadn't released anything at all? How would you feel if this were your app? I mean, the critiques seem well-formed, I just don't know if it's symptomatic of having waited for fixes that aren't coming or not. There are many American tabloids. The National Enquirer is a staple at every checkout counter, along with others like The Globe, the Star, and Weekly World News. I would say that it depends upon your sense of obligation really, but that there IS no requirement. My personal stance, evolved over the years, basically allows me to do anything short of blocking ads. The cost, I have decided, for accessing ad-supported content is the open-mindedness that while I will subconsciously ignore almost every ad on the web, that I am mentally open to the possibility of being intrigued by an ad enough to click on it. It seldom happens, but not having blocked the ads, the fact that it happens ever gives me a clean conscience. I didn't see a link to the auction, but unless they specifically stated otherwise, how would a buyer know that a school was even associated with the auction. Furthermore, as posted in another comment, it's likely that the buyer didn't suspect anything -- similar to how freecycling is huge on Craigslist -- it's worth me giving it to you for basically free if it means you haul it away. Until I see different, I wouldn't be casting aspersions on the character of the buyer so much as I would on the intelligence of the lister. Wow are you ever right. I just came back to HN to post a similar remark -- it's damn near impossible to read anything outside that box. Or perhaps we're both deficient in some unique way that makes us susceptible to black (or near black) boxes. I recommend why's guide to every non-techie I know who wants to jump into programming. I had an HR friend of mine trying to make sense out of some data, and wanted to contract me to write a really simple script to make some sense out of his flat file data. I didn't have time, and since he wasn't an idiot, I figured he could take it on himself, and gave him a link to the poignant guide, which he claims worked like a charm. Now he's making me justify my salary to him. For people who already know programming concepts, and just need to know syntax and what's different about Ruby from what they already know, I think the poignant guide is the long way there. For this crowd, I understand the bitter reception. So, at the risk of asking a stupid question, does this mean the tag line on the front page ("Multiple datacenters to ensure high availability") is bunk? I use S3, but not JD, so I don't keep up with it much. I thought that when they added Mosso, it was in case S3 went down -- am I misunderstanding how it works? I'll say. I haven't been keeping up with the development, but the improvements to the model layer alone are worth the price of admission. The conditional view processing is another gem, though I'm not sure it'll supplant a real caching engine -- it should at least get wins for those who either opt out of something like memcache, or perhaps haven't gotten around to it yet. Of course, adding it as a supported backend, I can't imagine that happening very often. Thanks for the clarification. There have already been some good answers to this question, but to answer from the asshole's perspective (read: mine,) helping your community is really about helping yourself. Helping a sick neighbor hopefully helps to keep them from dying, which helps keep their house off the market, which helps to preserve your ability to sell -- nobody wants to buy on a street everybody's selling on. Keeping the neighborhood clean preserves your property values, which is easier to see. Looking out for your neighbors, or at least giving them the impression you are, means it's more likely they'll look out for you, which means they're more likely to investigate or call the cops when they see a prowler outside your home. The reputation aspect doesn't really hold water, as a person's reputation doesn't travel that far, even in this global economy. It's real easy to see how a negative hit to someone like Bernie Madoff ruins his career, but he's a high profile individual that many people know on sight. If I started ripping people off, there's nothing to say I couldn't easily mitigate any negative PR by changing names (or on the internet, just changing handles). In more local endeavors, I could make a mint, ruin my name, and just move to another state (or if pressed, another country.) Contract law still bears an important role in accountability, IMHO. In addition to the other link posted, all the RFPs (Request for Proposal) are listed at FBO.gov, browsable by type of work, agency, etc. That said, a lot of it is hard to get into. The list of company requirements for non-special bids is pretty long, and that's BEFORE you get into exclusive work that only 8A, Disabled-Veteran-Owned or Minority-Owned businesses can bid on. It's harder to get a government contract than it is to get a government job (read Federal Wasteland [ http://federalwasteland.blogspot.com/] ) for more on that. If you're really interested, it's probably easiest to find a prime contractor that regularly does business with the government and sub-contract to them. Of course, I'm speaking of federal contracts, and all my experience is with IT. If you're really wanting to clean floors at your local town hall, it's probably outside the scope of what I know. It prompts you to provide your email logins so that it can find friends for you. It's not very prominent, but there's a "skip this step" link on that page. What-is-Qimo.aspx is the URL to the home page. I mean, you can of course play with MIME types and serve arbitrary file extensions, but why would you want your Linux distro to seem as though it was served by IIS? "Uncle Shelby's ABZ Book" Say we can get 10 cents per user per month? 800,000,000 * .1 = 80,000,000 For most smaller scale websites, they are valued at 12-18 months of revenue, meaning Facebook's resale value at about 1,440,000,000. 2 billion isn't that far off the mark given the user base really. Please clarify? While I can totally see you biometrically logging in with your fingerprint or something, I'm having a hard time imagining how I'm going to send an email to that. Driving is fun, to be sure, but there are enough of us that would love to be done with it. I currently commute an hour and a half each way in DC traffic. I LOVE driving, but due to other people, all the fun is taken out of getting to work. If I could hit a button and just 'get there' via auto-pilot while I finished work, that would be ideal (for me). I could turn off auto-pilot, but then there wouldn't be any point. I think that the magic in getting auto-pilot to work in cars is in enforcing that enough other cars on the road are using it too. I truly believe that so long as there are any cars on the same road as you not on auto-pilot, that it will negate most of the benefits for everybody. Regarding human error, I think that most of what you listed would count. The car is a human operated machine, which means that most of the time, wrecks are our fault. Unless the wheel falls off unexpectedly, or the brakes fail, you could pretty much always attribute a failure to the operator -- or the operator of the other car where applicable. I would also not like to be rid of driving as a pastime, but until you do, I'm also not sure that there's any point in automating the driving experience. So while I am sympathetic to your point, the pain of my daily commute is sympathetic to the other. I suspect that it would be easier (though I don't know how practical) to simply zero the exponent for arguments that are getting upvotes. At least then it doesn't penalize the discussions generally accepted as quality. I'm inclined to agree with this assertion, if only for the fact that MS has cycled in and out of browser dominance, historically. What's interesting to me is that IE4 won for all the wrong reasons, and it looks like IE6 failed for all the right ones. It's real easy to see how MS could massively fail or succeed through their acceptance of standards, but I agree that tho they are teetering now, that doesn't necessarily indicate any future position. The obvious answer to that is "probably Mac users, and nobody else." As a non-Mac user (at least lately) -- I'd MUCH rather they work on everything but that, really. And yes, I do realize how selfish that is, but it's probably not that much more selfish than your wants. Your comment reminds me of a group which, I apologize for being vague on the details of, planned to buy as many lottery tickets as needed to have a 1/1 chance of winning. I can't remember if that meant just getting enough individual numbers that their odds "went up" or if they were actually planning to purchase all the possible number combinations. Irrelevant I suppose. Probability math aside, they were able to raise the funds required to purchase the necessary tickets, but were eventually undone in a rather unexpected way... turns out, it's harder to procure 2 million lottery tickets than they had anticipated. The day of, they simply weren't able to get enough tickets to make it happen. I honestly don't remember if they won or lost, but I remember expecting them to fail through having to split the winnings, throwing their math off... as if it weren't already off anyway. Would you be willing to provide more information regarding this? I'm guessing that the interpretation of "Apple-labeled" means "labeled by Apple" and not "labeled WITH Apple labels", but what do I know. As far as I can tell, it's somewhat vague unless that is accepted legal terminology to denote 'something labeled by Apple', so shame on them for writing a less-than-ironclad TOS (if in fact it isn't.) Y'know, I was thinking "right on", until I realized that I'm very used to double-clicking Google maps as a zoom shortcut. So I guess it conforms to the site's general usability theme. Nit-pick-mode enabled: The font in the "Lean. Clean. Agile Machine" are a little aliased. At first I was willing to overlook that, thinking you had embedded fonts, but seeing that it's an image, and a background-matching JPG at that, it could be easily fixed. Otherwise I like the look of the site (though I haven't had much chance to use it yet.) The "Login" and "Password" areas look a bit off. I'd either shrink the text inputs or increase the font on the label. Also, the gold border on focus just sits wrong with me. These are of course, personal opinions, so please confer with others to see if I'm the oddball, but it strikes me as overlooked. Regarding the copy, "a web-based software" also strikes me as off... perhaps replace with "a web-based application?" Also the footer doesn't match the page alignment of everything else. If it were my site, I'd bring the left and right margins in line with the rest of the site, as they're otherwise hard to find. Aside from that, I'll parrot that it needs a "Try it now" type of button somewhere, and you should probably lean down what you're asking for at registration-time. I usually try to restrict registration questions to only the things I really need to make the software work, which is usually less than 5 total questions. Altogether though, it looks solid, and I look forward to playing with it more. By browser, do you mean inbuilt capability, or a web application that does this for you? If it's a browser capability, I think you've missed the point - which is that for kiosk situations, I definitely don't trust the machine I'm on. Even if it's a web application, I don't know that I like giving anybody else my credentials, and especially if it's handled via JavaScript, if I don't trust the machine I'm on, why would I trust it to relay passwords to all my web apps? I think the OpenID approach makes more sense, but what it currently lacks (in addition to broader appeal) is the ability to logoff centrally. I don't want my PC to act as an intermediary to my credentials, and really, I don't want a third party housing my credentials either... I want a third party to handle authentication by providing a trustworthy identity to an app, and it can handle authorization and beyond within itself. A little offtopic, but I would say this is the reason that vigilantly commenting your code is essential, especially for a one man shop. I've learned this the hard way enough times to make it stick to the point now that even when I'm just writing regular, mundane CSS, I make sure to comment in every workaround I write, no matter how routine. It takes longer, but it's worth saving me from myself. For your perusal: http://www.kk.org/thetechnium/archives/2009/04/inevitable_mi... It's fairly easy to do actually, if you're willing to accept the cheat I've used in the past. You can read the input value with Javascript, so if you add an 'unmask password' button, then that button should effectively replace the input type=password with an input type=password and populate it with the values previously stored in the password element. There are a number of ways to do this, but switching out elements was the easiest for me -- of course, browsers have come a long way since that implementation. YMMV. I'm surprised nobody has compared this to google's wave yet. If you haven't, you should go check out the demo -- I'm not for sure yet how much feature overlap there is, but their demo exhibits a wow factor that is undeniable. It's long, but skip around and you're sure to hit on at least some of the important bits: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_UyVmITiYQ Ways I've found that work for pretty quick scaling on EC2 (YMMV, and I'm not that smart or seasoned on it, so don't take this as canon.) You need to have the elastic block storage (or some remotely mountable storage you trust to be up). On this storage, you put things like your database and other dynamic content that you expect to persist through a reboot of the box, which reverts back to its base image. You need to configure a couple of boxes at least, one to act as a load balancer, and another to act as the content provider. For more laden sites than mine, you might also need a separate instance for just the DB. You are going to eat the cost of static IPs for at least a few boxes, but that's pretty cheap. Configure those IPs to be in your load balancer always. They'll fail when they're down, but that shouldn't be an issue. At this point, you can have basically as many boxes available as you have previously allocated, and bringing them online is as simple as turning them on. You could probably use CloudKick to dynamically bring them online, but I haven't really played with it to know. If you need scaling past that allocation, you can bring up more instances (the bottleneck will of course be the DB), and register them with the load balancer as you need. Twitter succeeded in adoption because it required less time investment than a proper blog post; Therefore, if we reduce the time investment for video... ??? Profit? I completely agree. I thought it suspiciously akin to a play against "Sugar CRM", which is a much better name "Hey, did you enter that into Sugar?" If they're playing off a competitor's name, then someone should have coached them about how that practice usually leads to crappy names. That said, it's open source, and might actually give someone the opportunity to perform an experiment I've been toying around with for years: Basically you release an open source product, fork it immediately and change nothing but the name, and see which version performs the best. Think of it like split-testing, but for the entire product. If I incorrectly assumed that you were just trying to differentiate from 'Sugar', then I apologize. It just seemed coincidental given the relatively few players in web-based CRM products (that I know of at least.) Where are those numbers from? Is the freshmeat redesign recent as well? I was on yesterday and, while I hadn't been on in awhile, noticed that I could no longer (in any obvious way) browse by license, which I used to do. I was expecting a commentary on whether or not this was more green, so I was a little shocked seeing the spartan page that awaited. I think it LOOKS a lot better. Without the benefit of commentary from the author, I can't say whether that was his intent or not. From the stills, I can say that it takes a little away from the video, in that it isn't clearly framed as the main content on the page, but I'm guessing that motion video would make that problem go away. As a complete aside, I almost love the lack of commentary from the author. I certainly don't recommend it for every post, but it's almost like blog art, in that the resultant conversation is free-form. I hope this isn't taken as snarky as it sounds when I say it out loud, but in my experience, the average federal employee is the last person I'd expect to be entrepreneurial in the least. And do note that I say that as a federal contractor. I at least googled before asking, but what's the DC equivalent? I was silly, and ran it in chrome. Thank you very much. As a government contractor, I can attest to the complication of process involved in getting work via FAR (Federal Aquisition Regulation) process. It, simply put, is very, very hard. Companies like Lockheed, Boeing, SRA and SAIC literally spend millions to write a contract. There are teams of very experienced people who specialize in FAR contracts and government bids, and if you don't have those people -- good ones bill $600 an hour -- you simply cannot possibly win a contract. In addition to just being able to put together a team of people who can do the work, a team of contract writers who can summarize the work, a sales team who can establish the necessary relationships to sell the work and a contracts management team who can take all of the above input, translate the soft requirements to get what the customer really wants, rationalize that with what they really need, and win the work for the lowest bid, you also have to include unknown entities, You also need to have a certain portion of your team consist of minorities or disabled veterans and such. This is typically done by sub-contracting out portions of the work to Veteran owned or Minority owned businesses. In addition to that, you have to have past performance qualifications within the government sector. Unless you've previously developed a website for a government agency satisfactorily, and are able to get a good review for that work, you don't have the past performance quals to win work to do that work in the future. And through this entire process, you're bidding against Lockheed, Boeing, Northrup Grumman, SAIC, EDS, SRA et al, and they do this every day. That Sunlight couldn't do it really isn't that surprising to me, having done it before as the least experienced member of a very experienced team. Without the necessary guidance, I'd say the process is damn near impossible. I think the point is that if a given site is no more busted than one of the most widely used sites on the internet, the fact that it doesn't validate is a minor concern. I see a lot of conjecture about how secret pricing is or isn't beneficial, but one thing that seems to be overlooked is the complexity of enterprise class pricing. If I call BEA (now Oracle) for a portal, the application stack is modular down to app functions, such that if I want publishing in my portal, there's a publisher module. Document repository is a seperate cost as well. I could buy 'just portal' if I really wanted, but without speaking to a BEA sales rep, in the absence of a LOT of prior experience, I simply can't know WHAT to buy. That said, I've always found the 'per-seat' pricing model to be a pretty effective form of price discrimination. $10 a seat means that the 100 employee company is only paying $1000, but the 30,000 employee company pays $300,000. It's fair(ish), and it's an effective way to scale support costs as well without having to pay per hour or incident. Working my 9 to 5 (which is more like an (8 to 8), and trying to learn Django well enough to start an open source product I think Django makes sense for. Django is fun, and surprisingly productive even while learning, though with little free time it's going slower than I'd like. Interesting. Most of my customers are government, so I guess that's where the difference lies -- they like having a number to point at and say "that's how much it costs". Whether or not it's the cheapest product, it's preferred to ambiguously priced applications. Of course, that's one of the main reasons they invented the GSA I guess. I may be speaking out of turn, since I have no special expertise with either club owners or club lighting, but you might try taking it to the channel to market. If you can find club lighting supply houses (which I am only guessing exist) -- and allow them to make hearty margins, they'll push your software for you as part of their new installs / sales. Again though, I don't know the market or niche, so take this suggestion with LOTS of salt. Heh. I'm probably standing with you, further down the food chain in this thread. That said, everybody started out somewhere, and you're learning. The only advice I can give is to work on an actual project, however small, while learning a new language. It helps me learn ALL of a language, instead of just the tricky bits, and I feel more accomplished when, instead of having just read a book, I actually BUILT something. Chances are the something you built will suck, or at least not be leveraging all the cool stuff you learned later in the book, but it's something. You can either keep playing with it or do nothing else, but if you're in a job interview, and somebody asks if you know "x", you can point them at some code to show exactly how well you do (or don't). I bought my first Les Paul at Guitar Center, so I'm familiar. I think if you could get them to push for you, and maybe MusiciansFriend.com (a similarly sized competitor, a la New Egg vs. Tiger Direct), you'd be in decent shape, distributor-wise. Either way, best of luck. Let us know how it goes. You MIGHT be right, but I do web application development for government, and I was recently surprised when my new laptop was delivered with IE8 on the standard image. For this particular agency, EDS is their GSS provider, so if EDS is incorporating IE8 into their ESA image, I wouldn't expect that it's too far off at other agencies they provide general support services for. Of course, now I've got to make all the apps I've written work in IE6 AND IE8, alongside Firefox, which they're also piloting. I'm pleased at their progress, while staying wary of all the work it's going to bring my way. It's probably 'sensitive' information, as knowledge of the underlying tech gives the bad guys a guide on what to target, or at least that would be the ISSO friendly answer. I don't know of anything that trends across gov, but if you had tie-ins with DOD, they'd probably give you the answer for that, as most of the other agencies I've dealt with sort of fall in line with them. For what it's worth, that sounds nice, and disruptive, but possibly short-lived. Someone recently asked me how I enjoyed using Google Voice, and while I didn't immediately have an answer, after thinking about it, I decided that I liked it mostly because it allowed me to keep my SMS messages in the cloud. Many people use SMS to get actual work done, as I do, and it surprises me that nobody seems to care to back them up (or at least, there doesn't seem to be much in the way of allowing that) -- but Google Voice gets rid of the problem altogether, in that they're only transiently on my phone, and always stored in the Googleplex (deletions are 'archived', similar to Gmail). Where does one get information on these meetups? I'm in MD area, working in NOVA, but this is the first I've heard of it. I didn't mean to imply that google was going to put him out of business, so much as I meant that I think carriers will likely follow Google's lead eventually -- They already have your SMS messages, call logs and voice mail data -- exposing them to the web effectively competes with a large portion of Google's Voice offering, and doesn't require significant overhaul of anything for carriers to implement. Of course, I could be wrong, but my point wasn't that he was sure to fail because he was competing with google as much as I feel things are trending that way already. Besides, it's not like competing with Google is unwinnable either, it's just very, very hard to do. Oh, I read it as if 1 or 2 IS what you want, then you never hear 3.