Google today admitted to the BBC that "hundreds of the world's best engineers" were indeed out of touch: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/8517613.stm Enron. In the early 80's, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. The method was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. In an early 80s programming article, Michael Crichton published a discussion and example of a keystroke intervalometer to verify identity. (He referenced the idea again in his recent book Prey.) His BASIC implementation was sufficiently accurate that when a full pass phrase was used, loose matching could still distinguish the original typist from others who knew the phrase. The breathless http://www.physorg.com/news67710818.html raves about the "inventors" behind a patent granted 16 years ago for the concept, well after Crichton's idea and working example was published. More recently, http://jdadesign.net/safelock/ was named SMU's 2009 "best implementation", perhaps for also including pressure and hold time. I hate the idea of Flash on an HTML5 appliance, but the article and (as of 10 AM ET) the other posts in this thread miss one obvious way of supporting this with no extra buttons/toggles and no double clicks, click-hold-clicks, or other unusual behaviors. If a user touches a Flash zone, show a cursor, and have the cursor moved by the iPhone's accelerometer. Tap to click. For elements such as the video player example, the cursor (just as on PC) can fade after time, and a tap or shake would re-show it. For most of the scenarios he mentions, using accelerometer to drive a hovered cursor would be a particularly intuitive solution. Sorry, false. We used this in 2003 for commercial purposes, as a way for Site B to verify the user had used Site A without setting a cookie. http://lastpass.com/ Gruber, almost alone in a sea of reporting, manages to mention Apple's action here may be related to Nokia's patent suit against Apple. So rewind a bit, to put this in context: - Apple accuses HTC of iPhone tech theft (2 March 2010) - Kodak prompts ITC to consider iPhone ban (18 February 2010) - Motorola seeks ban on US BlackBerries (26 January 2010) - Nokia sues Apple, says iPhone infringes ten patents (22 October 2009) One test for patents' validity is whether the company is enforcing them. With Kodak, Sony, Nokia, Motorola, RIM, and others suing one another as a business-as-usual step in licensing negotiations, the value of Apple's defensive patent portfolio at the licensing negotiation table depends in part on Apple's perceived willingness to stand behind the validity of their portfolio and enforce their patents. I'd suppose this is a signal to the marketplace not that competitors should create their own original technology, but that if they want to copy, they should license or trade. Sorry, I should have clarified that. I almost mentioned trademark law to compare and contrast. No, you don't lose the patent by not enforcing it. But you can lose the value of the patent both at the negotiating table and in the courts if there's a belief you won't enforce it or a belief you suspect it's unenforceable (e.g., if you seem to worry by using it aggressively, you could have it challenged, and lose it). First, as alluded to in the article, note the word "need": > "Perhaps it’s a by-product of the suit Apple is engaged in against (and initiated by) Nokia. Apple’s counter-suit against Nokia involves some of the same patents at play here, and perhaps Apple’s lawyers have concluded that they need to enforce them against someone like HTC in order to use them in their counter-suit against Nokia." Second, to quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "But neglecting stick licensing has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... When Nokia says Apple can't use GSM, or Kodak says Apple can't use picture previews, you just want them to withdraw those too? When they don't withdraw, will you just set your Mac and iPhone on a shelf till their patents expire, or would you rather have Apple jack up the price to cover licensing, or would you rather have Apple defend the products you've paid for? I don't see this as Apple's "first strike since Apple v. Microsoft". The handheld market went nuts and Apple's been dragged into an existing fray. Cross licensing among competitors has become a kind of CC hedging. Notice that the cross licensing spats involve companies with devices not software, explaining HTC and not Google. This handheld food fight has been going on a while. Apple got a few mashed potato splats to the face. It finally stood up and popped a tomato at HTC, and the rest of the kids realize it's standing there, now just a little ticked off, tossing a plump juicy red Roma in its throwing hand, with a whole pile more on the table. Asking for an injunction is saying Apple can't use Nokia's claimed technologies: http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Arguably, Apple's not a maker of GSM devices. "Apple bought the chips and components that use the patented technology from a licensed supplier. Nokia doesn't get to double-dip and be paid twice if Apple's suppliers have a license to use Nokia's patents and Cupertino's just buying phone components without dictating design." http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Anyway, "suing to make Apple pay up like everyone else" seems again about wanting to hedge against Apple's disproportionate profitability per unit. --- More context on Nokia's claims that Apple is using the technology in seven patents--related to user interface, digital cameras, antennas, and power management, and to create "key features" in its products--here: http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2009/12/nokia-hurls-new-sa... http://arstechnica.com/apple/news/2010/01/nokia-adds-additio... More on why Nokia started the fight, here: http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2009/10/22/why-nokia-is-suing-... Counter argument (it's actually not sour grapes, it's just very complicated) here: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... > "No injunctions..." That's flat wrong. Nokia suit wasn't simply for past due royalties, and Nokia also asked for an injunction across a range of products, not just GSM. In their suit, every count says "unless enjoined by the Court" Apple will continue to infringe, and in Prayer for Relief, seeks a "permanent injunction" against "Apple's iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, iPod Touch, iPod Nano, iPod Classic, iMac, Mac Pro, Mac Mini, MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air." (I'm disappointed they forgot the Apple TV.) http://stadium.weblogsinc.com/engadget/files/Nokia_Apple_III... Nothing "standard" about the royalties in question in Nokia v. Apple: http://www.engadget.com/2009/10/29/nokia-vs-apple-the-in-dep... Enforcement affects perception of validity and enforceability which can matter both at negotiation and court. To quote a non-neutral party, note the phrase "lax attitude": > "Neglecting stick licensing [enforcement] has two problems. First, it results in a loss of potential royalty and damages revenues from infringed patents. Second, it undermines carrot licensing of both infringed and noninfringed patents. If an industry perceives a lax attitude on the part of a university in enforcing its patents, it will think it can infringe with impunity. Under these circumstances, taking a license would be tantamount to making a charitable gift, which few in this economic climate are inclined to do." -- Alexander Poltorak of General Patent Corporation in http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Thars+gold+in+Tham+thar+patent... 1) First, there is already a better "browser" for Kindle: http://www.instapaper.com/extras Anything that you'd want to take time to read, bookmarklet it, and each day or week Instapaper compiles a wrapup for you, reformatted to be readable on the Kindle. (Something like "Readability", but delivered wirelessly to the Kindle for reading at leisure.) Instapaper has a live reformatting engine you can use on the fly for more readable browsing as well. This WebMonkey link, for example: http://www.instapaper.com/m?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.webmonkey.com... Amazon should consider acquiring Instapaper, associating themselves with making things easier to read. 2) Second, Amazon should be fixing other usability issues with the Kindle, starting with organizing books and documents in something other than a flat list. At the very least, group books by author sorted by original publication date, so it's easier to read through a series of books by a prolific author. And do this intelligently, so Patterson's co-authored books still show under Patterson. For example, Patterson's Women's Murder Club series, by various authors, actually follow a narrative arc across books, so should be read in order. The titles have numbers, so this one is easy. Other series are not as easy. Anyone that's ever logged into their control panel knows the control panel can show you your password with a button click. If you're a Rackspace customer, you trust them run your network fabric and your hardware. They don't need your password to see what you're doing, but you may as well trust them with that too. Speaking of trust -- if your machine password gives a Rackspace CSR access to your app's private data, you're just as guilty as you're accusing them of being. You're not storing your private data in the clear, are you? (As for why they might do this: Most users aren't sophisticated enough to use a password generator and manager, making "What's my password again?" a common support question. Providing the "Show me my password" function in the web control panel means a CSR doesn't have a job reason to look at it. And even if they do, cloud customers already trust Rackspace support with the reboot switch, and for that matter, with the "delete this whole image and all its backups" button.) The teens in the local chain bookstore appear to be doing homework. It's the new library. > no misspellings. odd. proper use of punctuation. strange. I'd say the writer fails the Turing test That's depressing. Meanwhile, "[space]-[space]" rather than "--" for "—" is idiosyncratic, and since HN preserves original spaces in comments, ".[space]" rather than ".[space][space]" rules a few more of us out. Looks like badly formatted blog spam taken word-for-word from: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/04/14/microsoft_vc-1_codec... The phrase "let's see if they're right" implies a reward, but none is apparent. Voters need to feel they're achieving some progress towards a goal, visibly refining a dataset (zeroing in), or learning something, other than just the cheery counter at top right. Otherwise you're essentially measuring how many altruistic clicks till a person gathers they won't personally benefit from clicking more. The Fox News trope in the opening line sets the tone that this is not journalism, but an opinion piece. > "To date there have been security concerns and questions identified around mint.com." Journalism should avoid using "there have been" or "some say"; such phrases signal that what comes next will be an unattributed pot shot. The first attack is on the zip code requirement. "Presumably this means Mint.com ... will not be able to effectively send you email and text alerts." On the contrary, this FUD statement was preceded by an attributed statement from Mint: "Mint.com requires your Zip code ... to determine the time zone in order to send timely alerts." If you don't give them the right time zone, your alerts will be no less effective, you just might find them more inconveniently timed. As for the more complex assertion about categorization, that's because business names are local. A business named "Scissors" might be a tailor in my zip, and a salon in yours. Of course it will be hard to correctly categorize when the locale is unknown. Interestingly, when I reached the end of the article, I saw this reason was clearly provided by the employee, but not mentioned in the article. Mint wrote that the ZIP "allows the Service to provide you with accurate automated categorization of your spending by improving our ability to identify merchants both nationally and locally." I use these as labels to auto-file registrations in Gmail, and I've seen a few anti-patterns: 1. Reject at data entry even though they make me type it twice and they're going to do a round-trip click-to-verify. Too many to name fail this way. 2. Accept at data entry, convert it to a space (+ on URL means space). Pray that the login routine accepts an email address with a space (it probably won't). Tirerack fails this way. 3. Accept at data entry, then fail to create the account in other internal systems. Allow login using the +, but once logged in, data from internal systems is unavailable, and the portal errors in unusual ways. VMWare fails this way. Failing using anti-pattern 1 is preferable to pattern 2 (replace with space then fail login) or 3 (accept and allow login but fail to interoperate with other systems internally). After 45+ emails and calls about anti-pattern 3 over 18 months, VMWare still hasn't successfully delivered a VMWare license to me. By now they're on version 3 (a free upgrade if v2 was bought recently) but still haven't delivered me version 2 or 3. Next email, perhaps I should send them raganwald's article. // EDIT: Added Tirerack. Conceivably, if asked as a science question: "How many fingers does a gorilla have on each hand?" One might hear, in English, "Four fingers and a thumb." Otherwise, as a native English speaker, when asked "How many figures do you have?" I'm answering "ten". Needs to be a web server you have enough control of to set caching headers for the files in question. If you have enough control of the web server hosting your site, blog, etc., that's fine. For iPhone it's dead simple to turn an HTML5 app into a native app to get into the app store (see Bank of America's banking app which is HTML versus Citibank's app which is native). There are even kits to help with that: http://www.tuaw.com/2009/05/27/nimblekit-native-iphone-apps-... The point of an HTML5 app is that (a) you can use DHTML+JS to develop it, and (b) you can bypass the app store to deliver it. In an ideal world, neither the content owner nor the neophyte end user should even have to know, while power users get choice. We've been quietly offering a player stack for months now: generally HTML5 > Silverlight > QT > Flash. Customers and viewers are delighted when the video plays on nearly anything w/o any extra effort. ("How'd you get this to work on my phone?!?") Looks like our next step is using the HTML5 video tag as a placeholder for progressive enhancement though a better term for this use might be legacy enhancement. We want it to "just work" for most users, but let power users select the player that works best on their system (eg., hardware decoding support). Choice of player should be at least as available as choice of video card for enthusiasts, and preferably as easy as choice of TV set for anyone. This isn't HTML5 marketing, and proprietary and open are not polar opposites. HTML5 offers a new "video" tag syntax that doesn't specify what file container (think .flv or .mp4) or codec (think VP6 or H.264) must be able to be played by that video tag. Flash Player, Windows Media Player, QuickTime Player, and the like, are multimedia playback technologies that can be embedded in a web page using an object or embed tag, each with its own complicated syntax the web browser can try to support. The HTML5 video tag is intended to replace that generic object embed syntax with something more rationally video-specific. Meanwhile, H.264 is a compression algorithm specification, like MPEG4, VC-1, or VP6. Flash Player used to decode and playback On2's proprietary VP6 codec, which only a couple vendors were licensed to support. That was not "open" at all. At present, Microsoft's IE9, Google's Chrome, and Apple's Safari play back H.264-encoded video through the video tag, and Adobe plays back H.264 encoded video in its recent Flash Players. These companies famously compete, yet all are supporting the same video compression specification, suggesting it's documented enough and licensed enough to freely support. Having to generate an Ogg file containing Theora encoded video to make the HTML5 video tag work across the major browsers is a throwback to the days of having to generate a RealMedia, Windows Media, and QuickTime file. Web video needs to pick a format so the whole ecosystem can optimize around it. A careful reading of your link seems to support parent's comment. It's a disinfographic. And where are books? Copy says "less than 5% of retail sales" is online, and graphic shows sectors all at 2% or under. What sectors bring the split back up to 5%? > S3 ... doesn't provide any kind of protection. S3 offers privacy protections with the ability to require an expiring token in the URL. The theory is the web site should authenticate a user, and only generate a valid token for that user (for a fuzzy definition of "that" user) that works only for a limited time. > The web has made producers of us all. Not even close, and the imbalance between creators of content and consumers of content on the web is growing every day. > If the iPad is just another consumer platform for consuming and not creating content, then it will just be another way to watch TV or listen to music or download information. Convenient, yes, but just another device. The iPad is not a TV or an iPod. It's already a two way device. > To be something different, the iPad must not be just a delivery platform but a creative one, offering professionals and amateurs an opportunity to create a unique experience with interactive media. The device isn't creative. A piano isn't creative. An iPad isn't creative. The iPhone has Ocarina, or Layers, or Everyday Looper, and so on. There's no reason to think the iPad won't run such apps, and better. More importantly, most people don't think of themselves as "creatives", but there is content they do want to create and share such as email and photos or Facebook statuses. The iPad makes that easier than ever. iPad lets anyone easily express themselves to their social circle. PS. Speaking as a former Hypercard programmer, seems to me something as simple as iWeb can meet casual "info app" creator needs, while HTML5 + Canvas feels like today's Hypercard on steroids: http://www.canvasdemos.com/ > There is nothing software-intensive about creating a book. The hard part is typing it in. (If you don't have a keyboard, that is.) What about dictation? "Even novelists, working in a form so very written, have needed to write by voice. Stendhal dictated “The Charterhouse of Parma” in seven weeks. An impoverished Dostoyevsky had just six weeks to deliver the manuscript of “The Gambler” or face complete ruin. He hired a stenographer, knocked the book out in four weeks, then married the girl." From "How to Speak a Book", http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/07/books/review/Powers2.t.htm... (I'm amazed by the accuracy of Dragon Dictation on the iPhone.) > I argue that we are all becoming content creators - the content isn't groundbreaking - it's just that some of us aren't reaching an audience because we're just saying "Hello, World". Enjoyed your comment. Perhaps we're saying the same thing: self-expression, democratized. What an apt username! I agree. I hope the iPad feels as accessible as finger painting, albeit less messy: http://michael.terretta.com/an-information-appliance-for-the... This was a curious piece to read, since so much of computing usability is about getting a device to meet the expectations within its users' mental model. The DropBox comment and Xmarks comment, the "my writing tools" comment, and the "two desktops" comment, suggest the author's mental model doesn't match the iPad's approach and that proved a stumbling block. But the author is Dave Winer, "the father of blogging and RSS", who knows a thing or two about how things work. So is the problem that his preconceptions are well informed and defined? "Don’t ask for help from others on how to solve a problem. Solve it yourself first then ask for opinions on your solution." If this means don't constantly pester the programmer in the next cubicle, I agree. If this means re-invent the wheel instead of searching for how the problem may have been solved in the past, I strongly disagree. In my experience, the "best" programmers are the ones most adept at searching for an existing solution. This appears to help them solve typical problems faster, and all the approaches they're exposed to while searching make them personally able to more quickly solve a broader array of problems than those who beat their heads against the wall till the wall bleeds a solution. As on Fox News, for every opinion one can find a counterpoint. This particular counterpoint does more damage than good in the age of TL;DR. I'd rather read the writings of 'an educated person who knows they feel vaguely anxious and insecure whenever they write "however" or "than me" or "was" or "which,"' than the incoherence of someone who thinks grammar is pointless. I often see this counterpoint cited, but never its conclusion about "the overopinionated and underinformed little book that put so many people in this unhappy state of grammatical angst. I've spent too much of my scholarly life studying English grammar in a serious way. English syntax is a deep and interesting subject. It is much too important to be reduced to a bunch of trivial don't-do-this prescriptions." There's Drivers' Ed, and then there's Skip Barber Racing School. That experts learn more doesn't mean novices should learn less. So far, the live blogging is sounding as though certain types of things will use Apple code to run those types of things in the background (eg., audio streaming, answering events, etc.). Hopefully this isn't going to allow apps to just run any random equivalent of a tight loop of their own (memory chewing CPU and battery consuming) design. I'd also like a reverse chronology notification history that pops up from tapping on the click. A better analogy, since even non-musicians can hear the difference, would be Apple banning from iTunes any General Midi 1.0 song covers recorded using Sound Blaster cards with FM/OPL-3 chips, but still allowing music from Kraftwerk to Imogen Heap. Apps--or music--made with limited construction kits tend towards sameness: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablum (In that sense, both Ableton and GarageBand could be considered construction kits, so perhaps a better analogy would be if iTunes banned sequenced music, only allowing music musicians personally play?) Who writes the checks makes the rules, and ultimately, for apps, it's consumers that write the checks and consumers that benefit from this change. Consumers don't write Facebook's checks, companies like Offerpal do: http://www.businessinsider.com/offerpal-coincidentally-repla... So the differences between Apple's users' data policies and Facebook's become clearer. Meanwhile, to receive the money, obey the rules. It's simple. Jean-Louis Gassée (born March 1944 in Paris, France) was an executive at Apple Computer from 1981 to 1990. He is most famous for founding Be Inc., creators of the BeOS computer operating system. After leaving Be, he became Chairman of PalmSource, Inc. in November, 2004. > Just think about it on an airplane. I could load it up with movies and watch for an entire flight, thanks to the iPad's excellent battery life. Of course, because of the lousy keyboard I can't use it in place of a laptop, so I would have to carry the iPad and my MacBook. How is it that, for years, I've pined for a lighter laptop, and now I'm considering carrying an extra pound-and-a-half just to watch videos on an airplane? Or, don't. The iPad goes with you into the seat. Apple's wireless bluetooth keyboard goes in your carry-on, and stays there until the hotel room desk where you might actually do some typing. The rest of your business trip, the iPad lets you reference things, make minor edits, show Keynote on a VGA projector, and keep up with email and news. (And for printing at the client's location, you do the same thing with your iPad you do with your "real" laptop: email the client the file for them to print because their IT won't let your laptop see their printer queue.) After a careful reading of the article, Facebook shot down developers/apps with Facebook in the name or using the Facebook icon. I would assume this is in response to the horrifically bad "Facebook Ultimate" app that was top in social paid apps on iPad launch day: [1] http://www.allfacebook.com/2010/04/fake-ipad-facebook/ [2] http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/7560417/Unoff... I'd read the reviews to see how the 7th highest app had a single star -- all were excoriating. But people saw the icon and name and clicked Buy in droves. Facebook did the right thing by putting a kibosh on it and any others that might come up with a search for Facebook or spotted with a Facebook "f" icon. Apple is one of the ones that takes that accountability seriously, monitors and requires compliance from its vendors: http://www.chinacsr.com/en/2009/07/17/5713-apple-admits-its-... Year after year stories like this appear, headlined, "OMG, Apple's bad labor practices", ignoring that unlike Martha Stewart et al., this labor news comes from Apple's own audits and public reports. At the time, e-commerce had only just become legal . Yes, the number in your headline isn't formatted in a way expected for a USD value. When seeing a figure like "$xxx,xx" it seems, to an American, that the ones digit must be missing ("$xxx,xxx"). The bobblehead congress app was rejected for ridicule of public figures as well ( http://blogs.zdnet.com/Apple/?p=5203 ) getting "Tom Richmond, of Mad Magazine fame" a lot of press. Deliberate or not, this is a good PR stunt for the cartoonists to get coverage. The fart apps guys did this too. The process (submit app in violation of guidelines, tip off press, enjoy web-wide mentions and increased linkage) is replicable. I'm partial to the GoldTouch keyboards: http://www.goldtouch.com/p-133-goldtouch-for-mac-adjustable-... Because they're close enough to the regular keyboards, while offering both the split (match natural forearm angle) and the tilt (match natural forearm rotation) to better align natural wrist position. I also like that they ditch the numeric keyboad, so I can put the Kensington ExpertMouse just to the right of the return key and not have to move my hand as far. Two documents with two hands in two languages. That's one doc, hand, and language per lobe. That anecdote fits in this article's model. Surprisingly? What, people thought it could only be used to run approved apps? "This sort of app should not have been rejected in the first place — shouldn’t even have been considered borderline. Resubmission and hoping for a different reviewer sometimes works in cases like this, but at this point, there’s no way for us to know whether Fiore is getting reconsidered only because of the publicity stink. It’s possible that it really is Apple’s policy to reject any app related to political satire. It’s also possible that it is not. That’s the core problem — that we don’t know." — http://daringfireball.net/linked/2010/04/16/fiore-resubmit When you say "format", do you mean file container or video codec? Most people mean codec. In that case, Flash (and Adobe) doesn't have a format to destroy. Meanwhile, Microsoft's work in this area over the past 13 years with the WMV family of codecs has been extraordinary, coaxing more quality from a given bitrate needing less CPU to play back than any other commercially viable codec. That's why WMV codecs work on so many consumer devices, even phones. VC1 is remarkably good, only just recently challenged by H.264 encoding's most recent optimizations. Meanwhile, if you meant file container, Microsoft's recent player technologies such as Silverlight support H.264 in .mp4 containers, as do recent Flash Player versions. With all Windows machines supporting .WMV container and VC-1 codec, Macs still shipping with a Windows Media Player or able to play it in any QT app using Flip4Mac, Linux players supporting it "out of the box", and both Sony PS3 and MSFT Xbox playing it, not to mention most every consumer device and set top box -- if you want to send someone a video that just works, then .WMV using WMV3 or VC1 has been a decent bet. Your newer best bet for sending a file is .mp4 with H.264/AAC, which is played by Flash Player 9 Update, Silverlight, QuickTime, VLC, etc., and more recent Windows systems. For embedding in the web, stats say Flash is your best bet, but those stats apply to VP6 codec which looks terrible and most people don't know how to play locally and doesn't work for HD. So your best bet for embedding is .MP4 with H.264/AAC with an HTML5 tag, and inside that tag a Silverlight player embed, and inside that tag a Flash player embed, and inside that a download link for the .mp4 file. "The purpose of the presentation is to show the coming bleeding edge features for modern desktop and mobile browsers." Except for mobile browsers without a right arrow key. Speaking of doubling the resolution cheaply, see Apple's "iFrame" format notes: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht3905 Apple likes 960 width x 540 height (see AppleTV), because it's easy to get to 1/4 1080p by dropping every other line and every other pixel, or to line double back up to 1080p from iFrame. Until a couple weeks ago, FoxIt Reader automatically ran executable programs embedded within a PDF document without asking for a user's permission. It was actually worse than Adobe Reader: http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9174612/Adobe_Foxit_e... http://www.downloadsquad.com/2010/03/31/using-foxit-because-... Make sure you're on 3.2.1.0401 or newer. Or, as you mention, switch to Sumatra: http://blog.kowalczyk.info/software/sumatrapdf/index.html On the Mac, help friends switch back to Preview as their default PDF reader after Adobe Reader hijacks doc mappings. Yes, blink was annoying even in 1979. His legal obligation in California is to turn it into the police, where it will be kept every bit as confidential as a Mel Gibson drunken tirade. Asking "Why were two completely different crime department cases in two completely different jurisdictions handled in two completely different ways?" is just glomming onto current news in an attempt to raise the profile of some other complaint. The complaint (her TRO should have been enforced) is valid, but has nothing to do with the handling of trade secrets investigation elsewhere in the country. I still want Lazlo Hollyfeld's closet. > The complaint is that if the law is the law then every case should be handled the exact same. If every case "should be handled the exact same", explain to the LAPD they don't need seven (7) divisions and could save tax dollars: http://www.lapdonline.org/detective_bureau - Vice Division - Juvenile Division - Commercial Crimes Division - Detective Support & Vice Division - Robbery Homicide Division - Force Investigation Division - Gang and Narcotics Division > unannounced seizure of a journalist's home and work computers So, buying stolen merchandise or trafficking in trade secrets is fine as long as you write a story about it? -- http://twitter.com/TheMacalope/status/12917912411 Quoting Gruber: Journalist shield laws are about journalists being able to protect sources who may have committed crimes. They’re not a license for journalists to commit crimes themselves. Gawker is making an argument that is beside the point. They’re arguing, “Hey, bloggers are journalists.” The state of California is arguing “Hey, you committed a felony.” http://www.businessinsider.com/henry-blodget-gizmodo-search-... Btw, quoting Gawker: "We may inadvertently commit journalism. That is not the institutional intention." From mine, HeyWay and AccuWeather use AdMob, while Instapaper Free uses "The Deck" Two examples of deliberately abusing this effect on a static subject (house and church) by pivoting the iphone while taking the shot: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3158/2421813332_3c36b3b808.jp... http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3187/2421813434_dbdc309901_b.... About Job's remark of hardware vs software decoding of video: In both cases, he's talking about H.264. An end user might not even realize there's a difference. But some encoders produce H.264 that can hardware decode, and some encoders do not. Not all H.264 is created equal, and this is one area that really matters. You want an H.264 encoder that produces hardware decoder compatible video. He did. In the very next sentence: > Apple has adopted HTML5, CSS and JavaScript – all open standards. Apple’s mobile devices all ship with high performance, low power implementations of these open standards. Not too many words there between 'JavaScript' and 'low power'. Out of curiosity, is your library on an external disk that sleeps? Mine was, and it seemed to hang while waiting for the disk to spin up. I moved it to an always on disk, and the hangs stopped. > I hope we can all agree that Apple has never really been an open standards company Show me this for Flash: http://trac.webkit.org/ Or this: http://www.opensource.apple.com/release/mac-os-x-1063/ And check out paragraph 2: http://webkit.org/projects/goals.html Fire up Chrome to check out how many re-implementations of WebKit are out there based on this open source and open standards base. > just a CTO with better things to do in his day than write press releases Like, make Flash work on a smartphone. 1. You didn't show the same thing for Flash. SWF spec in a PDF is not the same as the open source code hub for the web rendering engine used by Google, RIM, etc. 2. You didn't show the same thing for open source. OS X is arguably the family jewels. The equivalent for Adobe would be CS 5, not Tamarin or a Flex SDK. 3. You didn't show the same thing for the open source goals. That press release blurb and list of "partners" like Atlantic Records, Paramount and Lionsgate does not correlate to the paragraph promising to give WebKit back with BSD and LGPL style licensing, and listing corporate "industry leaders" sponsors is not the same as running a public chatroom and IRC channel for webkit. Don't fool yourself. All three, Microsoft, Apple, OSS, are there to do nothing else but survive in a Darwinian sense. The only way to be free of artificial restrictions is to be technology agnostic, to not subscribe to any one camp for religious reasons, and to simply use the right tool for the job. > "Apple's cloud will be federated" In a sense, it already is. A friend's Macbook Air SSD died. We plugged her Time Machine to a Mac Mini, restored into a new account, and she had "her" computer. Had been a day or two since her last backup, but MobileMe brought her latest appointments, contacts, and bookmarks back down from the ".Mac" cloud. She missed having the portable Air, so walked into a BestBuy, got an iPad, logged into MobileMe, and was immediately checking her half dozen email accounts along with, again, all her bookmarks, appointments, and contacts, because those settings were stored in the cloud. Plugged it to the account on the Mac Mini, and now had her 5GB of photos and 20GB of music. Three weeks later, Apple gave her a fixed Macbook Air. At boot it asked if she owned another Mac, and she plugged in her Time Machine drive. Slightly less than 9 minutes later, a reboot, and "her" Mac was back, again with every app and tweak. MobileMe sync ran, and by the time she opened her iCal, it was up to date. The hardware essentially didn't matter. "Her" settings, "her" data, were accessible to her across phone, tablet, other person's computer, and a replacement for her own computer, all with zero I.T. effort. Best part -- she didn't even notice this was remarkable. She just logged into the Macbook Air and started doing email, right at home, without a second thought. As for that little monolith? Maybe it's already here -- Time Capsule is an Airport Extreme with built in dual channel 802.11a/b/g/n and another guest WiFi DMZ, includes TimeMachine wireless backup, offers a USB printer hub, and gives remote access that also syncs to MobileMe (which stores documents and personalization in the cloud). It is not trivial for "a user" to change their browser. Watch this video: http://uxmag.com/short-news/these-are-your-users-read-and-be... No, his example referenced a little known fact about H.264, comparing hardware decodable H.264 versus non-hardware-decodable H.264. The iPhone isn't playing some other codec. H.264 can be encoded, using the same tools, in a way that can, or cannot, be hardware decoded. Consider the "definition" shared in the letter. Compare that definition to WebKit, then to Flash. VP6-encoded Flash video doesn't run on the iPhone, so that's not what he was referring to. I believe Jobs is talking about comparing two videos on the iPhone, with hardware accelerated video lasting 10 hours and non-accelerated video lasting 5 hours. You may not notice if you're not paying attention to battery while you watch video. To the sibling comment here, I'm not referring to profiles. I'm referring to the fact that various implementations of H.264 encoders produce content that, depending on the implementation, may or may not be accelerated by the iPhone's PowerVR SGX 535. One can produce a pair of H.264 encoded in .mp4 container movies, encoded from the same mpeg2ts original, one of which can use hardware acceleration, and the other of which cannot. (I haven't had the chance to check yet if Adobe's 'Gala' responds the same way to such files on the desktop Macs Gala supports.) > Flash works on my blackberry just fine, btw. Tell Adobe they could move their release date up then, since Adobe only promises to have Flash on your Blackberry later this year: http://www.blackberrycool.com/2010/02/03/adobe-on-the-verge-... http://crackberry.com/adobe-flash-now-arriving-blackberry-se... PS. Presume you meant Flash Lite, which is not the Flash discussed in the "Flash on iPhone" debate. Since Hurl.It isn't working, thought I'd mention a site I've been using for this for over a decade. Rex Swain's HTTP Viewer - See exactly what an HTTP request returns to your browser : http://www.rexswain.com/httpview.html on purpose by accident Does anyone have a reference for Amazon's percentage of physical book sales in the US? If you want to optimize, you're spending too long. Look into HIIT and machines that recruit higher percentage of muscle mass so your body can multitask. Versaclimber is a good one. So's Skier's Edge Big Mountain or Concept2 rower. ROM is overpriced and weird. You can get peak results--any more time yields diminishing returns--in 7 to 10 minutes three to five times a week: 3 mins warmup, 3 - 5 mins at max†, 1 minute cool down. Then walk it off and try not to throw up. Protein and creatine juice 30 mins before and protein shake 10 mins after doesn't hurt. † Footnote: Max means near your max heart rate. When you do HIIT right, you're going to feel like you want to die. Best to use Polar chest strap or other real time heart monitoring to track your zones so you can mentally coach yourself to stay in the peak zone. If you can't hit peak heart rate after just a couple cycles of 20s max 10s rest, your machine isn't recruiting enough or you're not exerting enough. He even gets them to ship ahead of schedule. If only he enjoyed Duke Nukem... > iPhone ... Crippled by AT&T's "broadband" network... Fast forward to the million iPads now sold in Apple's first month ... Relying on the same deadbeat broadband network, the iPad was one of the most over-hyped products ever launched. He thinks the first million were the 3G model? Most people I know who bought one WiFi, have bought more, also WiFi, for family members who scoffed, then tried, then wanted their own. (Granted, in greater NYC area, Time Warner, Comcast ("Xfinity"), and Cablevision ("Optimum") are collaborating to share WiFi hotspots. Your cable subscription gets you unlimited WiFi, and the hotspots are everywhere.) You don't just need a market. You need a business model. Facebook scale is not cheap. Facebook is innovating like crazy to figure out a business model that can pay for that scale. Received wisdom was that privacy was sacred. Received from early adopter tech geeks, that is. As Facebook matures, hundreds of millions of not-so-early adopters are revealing a different perspective: give them one stop social sharing that works for everyone they want to interact with, and they don't care. This offers Facebook new business opportunities to monetize at scale, and they're taking them. Although they're not a public company, they clearly do want to be profitable, with no qualms about "all your base are belong to us" in pursuit of that motive. You can't just build a Facebook circa 2006 clone. You have to build a Facebook circa 2006 clone that can pay for itself. Unfortunately, Gizmodo's letter to Apple doesn't say they paid for an exclusive. Gizmodo says they bought the iPhone: "We didn't know it was stolen when we bought it." A reasonable person would hand it to the proprietor of the premises. It became "stolen" when he walked out with it. I've gotten back lost items at the register of where I left them, or never gotten them back at all. This implies honest people turn things in, while dishonest people walk out with them. But look at the iPhone helicopter we just saw — why should I only be able to use an iPhone for that? Why can’t you do that with any phone? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the web. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. What a silly argument. But look at the Quickbooks app we just saw. Why should I only be able to use Windows for that? Why can't you do that with any OS? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to personal computing. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing people to write for a particular OS, which has a high cost to switch. (Footnote: QB for Mac is not the same product or feature set.) But look at the SUV we just saw. Why should I only be able to use gasoline for that? Why can't you run that with any fuel? If you look at what’s going on now, it’s like railroads in the 1800′s. People were using different gauged rails. Your cars would literally not run on those rails. That’s counter to the open road. The ‘rails’ now are companies forcing car buyers to buy SUVs for a particular fuel, which has a high cost to switch. Etc. This is the sort of thing markets decide. So you mean he's not giving them enough credit. To your point, perhaps flat rate encoding pricing is better for high volumes. Our flat rate transcoding pricing ( http://www.advection.net/pricing/transcoding-pricing ) is based on the idea of an encoding queue with bursting. Under the hood, it's a similar cloud approach, but more economical for those with volumes or steady encoding work. Customers--or their end users--can upload at any rate (volumes of upload sessions at once through gateways located around the country for low latency), or ship drives. The queues process at a steady predictable rate, delivering content directly to the network. In the course of processing countless libraries for clients, we've found they tend to have such unique ideas about the end result that a "one size fits all" web service often doesn't meet their needs out of the box. So, we also offer Windows Media (WMV), Silverlight (VC-1), Ogg Theora, and cross-player H.264 encoding, adaptive bitrate encoding for Apple devices, iPhone video rotation, automatic thumbnails, web postbacks so you don't have to poll, incoming files of up to 4.7GB in size, and arbitrarily complex encoding requirements. To your point about images + sound, for example, some clients supply metadata as XML, and using the metadata we generate pre-roll and post-roll video footage that stitches onto the transcoded video. (We also have a consumer service that bundles both encoding and storage into a single "per minute" price. Consumers shouldn't need to know about gigabytes.) > We feel pretty strongly that even someone doing 10M videos/month is better off using a service like ours rather than investing in a custom solution. But we're biased, of course. Speaking as a company that reluctantly made a decision to offer this for our customers when we couldn't find (a few years ago) an affordable volume solution to outsource, I agree with you completely. Given the rate of change and state of tools, running even an in-house encoding solution is likely to be a much bigger undertaking than expected. In-house IT staff would need to understand distributed computing, dynamic load based provisioning, web services software development, and somehow, blended with that, the black art of producing good looking video at low bitrates using minimal CPU time. Any one of these areas is a full discipline on its own. If I understand correctly, Posterous got funding, and is pushing this part out the door to Zencoder. That's a smart decision. Focus on what you do. The video industry needs more Zencoders and fewer people trying to do it in house. There are still far more backlogs of unencoded video than there are movies online. Agreed -- controls that reconfigure themselves disorient habitual users who begin to rely on spatial memory. Even the iPad's reflow of icons when rotated is mildly disorienting, even though each group stays on its own page. Ribbon bars and self-hiding menus do ok in focus groups for first time users because they haven't yet formed spatial memory around the task. Blur your eyes so you can't read text and you still know where the Edit menu is. You know where it is, so that's where it should be. Aside from the unanimous agreement in these comments that this is a horrible idea, I wish bloggers quit "loosing" themselves. > "I believe that it’s a healthy way of loosing control." Got a problem with incontinence? Keep it to yourself. Really? A while ago it would add itself back at render time even if the block is removed from your theme template. I think kyro's point is: if you're going to truncate a word, truncate following the initial letter, then you can't possibly form an undesired word. If you need to truncate the word, keep the initial letter, then use the "…" character (one char instead of 3). That lets you signify words as late as pos 24. At the risk of training people to wait. This one got better after they added snap to alignment in the latest version: http://www.ipadworkapps.com/2010/05/imockups-killer-wirefram... Agreed completely. An avid PC gamer, I suddenly, overnight, quit playing PC games after getting the Xbox 360. The gameplay experience was equivalent (the PC was plugged to the same projector), but the "hassle" factor went to zero on the Xbox 360. Reducing friction makes users into fans. In the article's examples, sounds like people wanting to accomplish simple goals, finding friction reduced when using the new appliance. How about, "Whose hardware? FCC lets Hollywood disable the jacks on 'your' TV equipment." (Not sure they're disabling "TV outputs" as Businessweek puts it, as most TV's don't have video out.) It's price comparable to Dropbox for storage, while adding features well integrated into Apple's apps and hardware. Assuming you pretend the web hosting bandwidth, email accounts, sync services, etc., are free and the only cost is storage, it works out to about $0.30/GB stored, already not bad for a consumer service. For me, instant and reliable multidirectional sync of any contact, calendar, and bookmarks data, across all my computers or mobile devices, is worth $8/month. I have "the same" though Google too, except it's not remotely the same. The contact sync is limited, calendar sync doesn't cut it either without a third party app like BusySync (which I use), IMAP isn't push for real time email, etc. Also, it's not free through Google, it's ad supported or $50 per year per user. Actually, depends what you pay. For example: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001AMLRU4 $69.42 / 20GB / 12 months = $0.29/GB Note: You can buy up to 100GB. "What does can't have MobileMe on my domain" mean? A number of folks I know use MobileMe to host websites for their domain and handle email for their domain. You do have to "bring your own" DNS.