"Setting up/using version control wasn't worth the frustration and time." I think the onslaught of very usable distributed source control systems with cheap and easy local repositories should make this a non-issue. I wish I had known about hg or git when I was in school - a simple repository per class/project would have alleviated a few pain points that weren't severe enough to be worth with the hassle of setting up a subversion repository. Can you use it to pay by credit card and split bills in complicated ways? To me, that is by far the larger annoyance than menus and ordering from waitstaff. It isn't really about slinging text faster, it is about editing code faster, freeing up more cycles for thinking. A great editor experience, whatever that means for you, can certainly help you write better software, and can give you more time to think about those harder problems. It reminds me of that tired old adage that you spend a third of your life asleep so you should have a comfy bed - you spend a lot of time in your editor, so it should be comfy. This isn't an argument for emacs or any other specific editor, but against the idea that your editor is a commodity not worth consideration. Awesome quote, never heard that before, I'm sure my brain will be in use thinking about it for awhile (how meta!). I think the key here is the difference between passive and active reading. It seems like reading passively is the default for most people, probably because it can be so darn enjoyable, but training yourself to read actively can result in even more enjoyment but, more significantly, will result in expanded brain use. Text is just a series of questions awaiting your own individual answers. I'm sympathetic to the idea of a goal-driven life and higher education as merely a means towards achieving those goals. But the fact of the matter is that goals are hard. Hard to achieve, surely, if ambitious enough, but more importantly, hard to conceive and define. The belief that action shouldn't be taken until a goal for that action is defined can be overwhelming and petrifying. Moving to an environment where many smart people are thinking about many hard problems can certainly be a worthwhile step towards the definition of goals, and should not be self-limited to people who already know what they want to be when they grow up. Meh, this is a straw-man. Conventionally rejecting overridden -> and () operators is a very long reach from ending up back at C. Disallowing operator overriding in general (as opposed to specific operators), namespaces, and classes would be much closer, and it still wouldn't be all that close to C (reinterpret_cast, templates...) There is a goodly sized amount of gray area between the two. Or did you mean your "things like that" to be much broader than my interpretation? Very interesting, I have lived in Boulder for years and can attest that it is a wonderful area (not just Boulder the entire Denver/Boulder/Colorado Springs front range is beautiful) that is noticeably growing. It is also palpable, just anecdotally, that people who talk about moving almost entirely talk about northern California, Portland, and Seattle. If not the northwest, then Austin. Very cool to see these anecdotes confirmed by statistics. Could you list some reasons why you wouldn't want to write a machine learning algorithm in Javascript, or a write storage engine nor a ...? Lack of libraries? Too high level? Or do you not like the syntax/semantics/...? I thought this thread might benefit from my response as a self-admitted shiny-thing-chaser. Your Prada coat analogy is fairly silly, as I'm sure you are aware. First of all, when it comes to programming languages/frameworks, both the new-hawtness Prada and the "old fashioned" raincoat tend to be free, so there is no financial rationality argument to be made. Even if you (correctly) account time-to-learn as a type of cost, that cost is roughly equivalent to the time it took to learn the alternative you already know. I think a better analogy would be an old raincoat versus a new, similarly priced raincoat. Perhaps the new raincoat doesn't actually cover you properly from the rain though; unfortunately programming languages and tools are a lot more difficult to analyze than raincoats. Do we agree, at least, that some chasing of shiny things has been very beneficial to our field? That our current crop of languages are better raincoats than architecture specific assembly language? That assembly language was itself a better raincoat than machine language? If you will stipulate this, then is it your position that we have reached the pinnacle? That no more advances in productivity or correctness can be made? If this is your belief, then OK, that's fine, you are entitled to it, but I do not believe such a pinnacle even exists, much less that we have made it there. And if we indeed have not reached the pinnacle, then we need people who are early adopters, who are willing to try out and write for technologies that are immature and untested. Maybe most or all of them fail to be even as good as what we already have, and the whole thrust turns out to be fruitless, but with no thrust at all, success is not even a possibility. Everything old was once new, and all the old-fashioned technology once had early adopters being made fun of for their impracticality. Plus, learning new things is a great way to improve as a programmer and it's a lot more fun; all that other stuff is just incidental. I have a Kindle, and while I think it's a great device and that E-ink is a big win over back-lit monitors for prolonged reading, I use it a minuscule amount compared with dead-tree reading. It just doesn't feel right, especially for fiction. I would note that you can make notes and copying quotes is actually practical (although an argument can be made for hand-copying sections that you really want to sink in). All in all I think it will be awhile before I trade in the bookshelves. Interesting, I see this completely opposite from you. I spend all day looking at a lit screen and can hardly stand the idea of settling down to read a book on way in my leisure time. E-ink isn't as good as real paper, but it is far better than a computer screen in my opinion. I wish I knew someone who reads a similar amount as I do and touts the pleasures of iPad reading, so that we could discuss it, but I don't know any such person. In the NFL there is generally at least one hold on every play that goes uncalled. Far from offending our sense of fair play, we accept it as part of the game. Basketball is actually strategically centered around fouling and drawing fouls, charging players under the hoop and assuming their feet aren't set, which they usually aren't. These are perfectly accepted aspects of the sport. I hate the diving in soccer, but the push and pull of what the referee will allow you to get away with is a large part of every sport. I was hoping someone would mention ReadyTalk - I worked there a few years ago and can attest that they are very focused on user experience and personalized support and training, and have been building a really strong webinar offering. Give them a shot! As an earlier poster pointed out, GMail's non-js app is a totally different app, and let's be honest, it's a giant pain to use compared to the js version, and for most people it wouldn't have been worth the expenditure to make. GMail wouldn't have caught on if it were just the pure HTML version. Degradation is nothing but a nice-to-have for an app like that. Interesting about objects in javascript. I have actually started feeling that prototype-based object orientation is less tacked on than its class-based cousin. The syntactical implementation is a bit strange (the 'function' keyword for objects, putting functions on the prototype object rather than the object itself), but the mechanism itself seems more generic and flexible. The implementation in Io is better I think, you should check that out before discounting prototype-based object systems outright. Out of curiosity, why wouldn't you? We don't think twice about Google docs being a good idea, or a thousand other things that were once thought to be purely desktop applications, why should coding be any different? I think it's very striking how few good editors there are on the web, and no real IDEs (that I know of). This is something node.js has done very well. Anyone with basic javascript experience (and really, isn't that everyone?) can go from zero to fast, functional web server in 2 minutes. Then hit github and figure out which simple web framework to play with (the fragmentation is either a problem or benefit depending on your view) and voila, another 5 minutes later, a full, integrated, single language web stack. Very good for noobs. This strikes me as very poignant, and makes me wonder about how we form our networks. Why is it that the wealthy know the wealthy and the poor know the poor? Is it usually as simple as the existing networks of your parents that you are born into and then expand upon? Is it school, either college or high school or those who drop out of high school becoming your network depending on how far you go? Is it the who you work with? Is it out and out classist snobbery? Probably all of these things and more wrapped up in one... Hmmm, assuming since you posted an Ask HN that you read HN comments, it's difficult to believe you haven't seen lots of people talking about the usual subjects (at the moment) - node.js (javascript is the language), clojure, haskell, OCaml, scala, erlang. All of these will give you a new perspective coming from the three you mention, the first two are probably the most web-focused (though perhaps people will disagree with that?). Also, plus one for smalltalk/seaside, and minus one for python, which isn't mind-bending enough coming from Ruby in my opinion. Thanks for sating my curiosity! Some interesting points. 1. Not sure I agree here, I'd have to see some benchmarks of similar types of operations in local editors and javascript, but I think it should be roughly equivalent to, say, Eclipse's java-driven interface. 2. I think this is a good point, but I wonder what it is they don't yet have. "Can make really great editors in them" is a pretty vague requirement. 3. I personally think this is historical baggage. There is no reason the server hosting the editor (or another server communicated with that server) could not host your files. Hell, most open source projects are already done this way, hosted on github/sourceforge/etc. - downloading the project locally would be an unnecessary step if the code-hosters offered solid editing options. 4. This is probably the main point, to me. It's not enough to just edit through the web, because there are too many other things you need to do as well, which are even more difficult to detach from a local machine. +1 - My playflow at the moment is to follow the HN rss in google reader, open the comments in one tab and the article in another, because the comments here tend to be way more interesting than the comments there. Re: the comment about Disqus, I wonder if there is an integration of some sort to be had - Disqus really, really rocks, but the community on HN is better and more established than the commenters on any given blog. Very possibly it has - there is no way to know the answer to this kind of what-if, because you either have one or you have the other, you can't let the two alternatives compete with each other over the same time scale and then measure the outcomes. Very similar to the question of whether software patents help or hurt software innovation. There has been innovation in engineering with the PE system in place, and there has been innovation in software with the patent system in place, but there is no way to know if there would have been more or less over the same time period without those controls. Hmmm, seems like the appropriate role model to take from this may be "mass production". Perhaps that is the right and proper end game for any craft. But I tend to think that computers can't take all our jobs in this society, because once computers are fully capable of programming themselves our society will cease to exist in its present form. Just depends on how you define "success" (although I think being acquired and gutted by Oracle is outside anyone's definition). I'm sorry, I don't think this is the place for a thread that will inevitably devolve into tit-for-tat politics, but I really have trouble stomaching the commentary that the EPA should have less regulatory power over industry when proof of the big-picture bankruptcy of environmental deregulation is current gushing into the gulf at a few tens of thousands of barrels a day. Yes, it raises costs to force industries to comply with environmental protection standards. Yes, this is bad for the short-term of our economy. But we will continue to suffer the consequences of the environmental harm we do, even at the current regulatory levels, and more so with "a muzzle on the EPA". Seems to me as if Facebook used PHP for the small thing running yesterday aspect - since they've gotten big they've had to switch to different tools. "I carefully choose php for all of my projects because it's better than all of the alternatives. I know I'm not alone in my thinking." I often hear 'more practical', but rarely 'better', would you care to describe what features work better for you than what the alternatives offer? Those aren't problems with Java, they are (respectively) something that isn't important in many cases (and not even always true), something that is really only bothersome for short-running scripts, and a severe annoyance that can nonetheless be overcome fairly easily. There are plenty of reasons for a Lisp, or any language for that matter, to use it - a highly developed GC and JIT compilation capability that you don't have to write and maintain yourself not least among them. And the massive array of existing libraries that already run on the platform is not a negligible benefit in the least. Great comment, I'll be thinking about whether it should be "whom" or "which" for days now. I totally get this argument. I also think it's an old-dog-new-tricks problem more than anything else. Things like "foreach", "in", "myset[c]" are part of our existing vocabulary and things like "let", "partition-by", "identity", "map", "juxt" are not (and also, "wtf are first, count, and second..?" is pretty dramatic if you ask me - these are just what they sound like and not at all confusing). You have to learn a new vocabulary to be effective in these languages - maybe the size of the vocabulary is bigger, or the scope of each "word" is larger, but we deal with abstraction all the time; you have to trust that a method or a syntax feature does what the documentation says it does (or read the code for it yourself) regardless of the language. You are not the poster who said "casting malloc's return is evil", so perhaps you don't agree with that statement, but I don't see how either of the points you make lead to the conclusion that it is "evil". You say that since void* is implicitly cast to all pointer types, you never need to explicitly cast it, but why would that make an explicit cast evil? Also reminds me of the fantasy game in Ender's game. Of course that thing eventually turned into a universe-spanning uber-being, so maybe it's not such a good idea... 1. I read that more as customizing in userland than in the kernel, but I don't know what the original poster's intention was. I personally find it easier to configure a Linux machine than a Windows machine, but I think it comes down to familiarity and subjective preference a lot more than anything else. Not a built in solution for this, but have you seen lamson - http://lamsonproject.org/ ? Handle emails with python - would be trivial to simply post their contents to a url. How do you solve this problem for those of us in Colorado (or other non-flatlands) where nearly every drive involves mountains and hills. Would the idea be that in the dead zone, the car is smart enough to increase or decrease horsepower to adapt to these conditions and retain 0 acceleration or...? I think you would run into the same problem that cruise control runs into in the mountains - we don't have variable ratio transmissions, so at some point going up a hill it has to shift down a rev in order to stay the same speed. Doesn't work very well. SMS and phone calls don't broadcast, that is the key difference. Yeah but gcd is very simple (and also your version of it stack overflows around 7 digits, depending on how quickly a gcd is found, so it isn't really "correct") - most simple tasks will have similarly sized simple representations in nearly any language. The argument levied against Java is that it's code size does not scale linearly in relation to other languages as the complexity of the problem increases. Out of curiosity, if this is the case, why should more than a few people in the class pass? Do you believe that shoving the material down these unwilling students' throats in such a way that they are able to pass results in a higher portion of them gaining and retaining the knowledge than would have otherwise? To me it sounds like very few in this class are interested in or successful at learning your material, so what is the definition of "passing" a class? Bing is really good, but is absolutely not a good alternative from a "taking a moral stand against evil corporations" point of view. Don't know why people are downvoting you, what you say is very sensible and financially completely right - if the interest rate of the loan is below what you can get in interest on a nearly risk-free investment, then it is cheaper to pay the loan as slowly as possible. Having said that, I disagree with you that it is foolish to pay back loans as quickly as possible. Having no debt makes it much easier to live with no income (without having to declare bankruptcy). If that isn't something you aspire to then it doesn't matter, but I would personally enjoy that very much and will continue paying very close to the absolute maximum I can afford each month on my admittedly cheap loans. In my opinion, this book is practically a must-read for anyone living in our increasingly computing intensive world, not just for aspiring computer scientists. It has both depth and accessibility, starting with something familiar in concept to many people (Morse code), and slowly building more and more ideas toward the final realization of a workable computing machine. Great book. Why should universities be held liable for the ignorance (or perhaps naivety?) of guidance counselors and parents. College degree != guaranteed job, nor should it. This reply could be to the majority of comments on this post, I just chose yours because it's the first one. I'm pretty disappointed with HN being party to the same smug, knowing, tongue-in-cheek Rails (and to a lesser extent, Ruby) hating that you constantly see on Slashdot and elsewhere. There are merits to Rails, and also drawbacks, as there are with every tool. It isn't magic, or anything close - the code is all there for you to read, and it is just Ruby, no pixie dust anywhere. As a data point, I recently saw one of these with my girlfriend who is not super technical but not out of the loop either. The concept of rescuing us from our mobile screens resonated with her, but she was almost mad at the end to discover it wasn't a commercial for something involving real human interaction, but rather yet-another-mobile-screen-device. I wonder if they will end up angering both sides of the douchebags who spend all day looking at their phones debate. It certainly doesn't have the power of a modern supercomputer, but it surpasses everything on Wikipedia's supercomputer timeline until about halfway down (using the admittedly poor comparison of GHz - GFLOPS). From that point of view, I think "power of a supercomputer" is fairly reasonable. Apologies for lack displaying my lack of knowledge regarding Canadian politics, but what why would it be "spectacularly weird" for the Senate to wield their power, when groups with power nearly always wield it? What holds them back from doing so? As an American, it is very odd to hear that a body exists with power technically equivalent to our (very powerful) Senate, but with lifetime appointments, and yet they do nothing, and are not taken seriously. Simple answer to this question - most people prefer to experience things themselves, rather than outsourcing those experiences to photographers. Photos and videos don't even begin to approach the satisfaction of actually being somewhere. I really loved the book, but I do think the title is misleading - for me, it was really "familiarize yourself with the concepts of seven languages in two or three weeks". It's clearly a marketing title, which is a bit off-putting, but a great introduction to the included languages. Very good point. Do doctors and contractors have more sources of empirical data (or more widely known sources), or are they simply more willing to look for them? Does anyone here know of a good general resource for empirical data regarding the tools we are constantly debating? Why do shell aliases make you uncomfortable? If we are talking about your personal machine, and not a server where another user can be bitten by not understanding your personal alias preferences, what could the harm be? They can! # Make git completion work with aliases complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_checkout gco complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_rebase grb complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbdf complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_branch gbd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_diff gd complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log gl complete -o default -o nospace -F _git_log glp "The extra keystrokes aren't going to have any meaningful impact on the amount of value I add to the projects I work on." Nor will removing those keystrokes have a negative impact on the value you add. Fear of forgetting the original commands is a reasonable argument against using aliases. It's very similar to the argument against using vim plugins for fear that you won't know how to use vi on servers or other peoples' machines. Nonetheless, most people use the plugins on their development machines which they feel make them the most productive in their day to day work. Same thing for aliases. Personally, I find your attitude much more frustrating than the phenomenon you rail against. If a comment is particularly insightful, then asking for clarification or expansion can lead to further interesting discussion. While it's nice to nod appreciatively at my screen when I read a good comment, it's much better to see it followed by a leading question and strong discussion. I assume he means putting together a computer in the sense of constructing one from commodity parts, in which case that one is definitely in line with the rest of the list. The other two are certainly more advanced exercises than the rest, but I think they are absolutely things CS students should be expected to be able to do, though many won't be willing to. Many won't be willing to do the other things on the list either, that's kind of the point of making an inspirational list, isn't it? Seriously. I can't think of any language feature in any other language that is heaped with so much passion (both positive and negative), while being entirely mundane. Out of curiosity, do you know or have a hypothesis for why you were invited? It seems like there are a decent number of people here who have been invited, but many who have not, with a similar trend for #googleplus on twitter, and I've yet to discern a sensible pattern. Hmm, I guess neither of us have anything besides anecdote, but here's the data for the entirety of my stream so far (includes me and people that are in my circles): Limited - 63% Public - 33% Extended Circles - 4% Total - 55 posts So, small sample for sure, and skewed by early adopters who are almost certainly interested in G+ because they have always hated the fire-hose of FB (disclosure: this is why I'm interested in it). I'm also only following about 5 people who could be considered public figures at the moment, and the overwhelming majority of those public posts come from Randall Munroe. So, take it or leave it, but for the time being, and at least for the people I know who are active on the service, I think limiting posts to certain circles or individuals is the preferred sharing method. As a further (small) data point, I've had a few people share photo albums with me, and none of them have done so publicly. Photos are definitely the major pain point of the oh-my-god-Grandma-can-see-this problem, but so are things like bad language, dirty jokes, non- or anti-religious articles, or politics in general, so seeing those things shared in a limited fashion could also be a game changer. I have already noticed an enormous difference in my own behavior - with Facebook, I dreaded the day my parents joined, and stopped using it basically as soon as they did, but with G+, I have already invited them because there is nothing to fear. Circles are absolutely valuable, but perhaps they won't be valuable enough to enough people. Special semantics for the "Following" circle might be nice, where anyone you put into that circle has a "Following You" circle that you are part of. Unfortunately, I think this is probably hard to do in a manner that does not add complexity and confusion to the existing implementation. It would make sense to people from the Twitter world, but breaks the implicit assumption that your circles are private. We constantly make these decisions in the real world. Who do I invite to dinner tonight, whose 4th of July barbecue do I go to, who would be interested in going to see this movie, who wants to geek out over some LOTR Risk while drinking cheap wine (only 4 players!), and on and on and on. Perhaps it's unfortunate that, while we don't have to actually attach any sort of text (which I'll allow you, definitely is a label), on the internet we do. But, as an earlier reply said, these generally aren't the possibly-offensive labels referred to by the common wisdom against labeling people, they merely represent the real disconnect between various groups of people that we like. Is anyone out there putting people into circles like "Losers", "Smelly Nerds", or "Jerks" rather than "Friends", "Coworkers", or "Family"? You're the first person I've seen use the word "introvert" in this discussion, and it seems right to me - maybe Google+ is just the social network for introverts. It explains the huge difference between the "who cares about that?" people and the "oh my gosh that sounds perfect!" people that I have spoken to - more extroverted people vs. more introverted people. "Scammed" is probably not the right word here - at least to me, it conveys a malicious intent, while mistakes like this are merely ignorance. I'm sure most of us have made mistakes just as stupid as this, despite working hard to earn our pay. This is totally awesome, and is a huge boon for both Heroku and Ruby, but I'd much prefer to see them hire Rich Hickey or Guido van Rossum or Martin Odersky or ...well, the list goes on. Heroku is already knows Ruby cold, they should be on-boarding the people that can help them bring their A-game to other platforms. I look forward to a world where I can ask myself the question "which platform is quickest to get up and running on" and have the answer be a list with 10 entries. Lots of people are trying this, but Heroku has the experience to make it work. Yes, this exactly. Donald Rumsfeld got no end of flack for his comment (distilled here) "there are known knowns, known unknowns, and unknown unknowns", but it's actually a great statement - in this case, there are some people who know they know how to make captchas, some people who know they don't, and some people who don't know that they don't know. Well, here's why I'm skeptical (or let's just say opposed if you prefer) - overpopulation is already a problem, and substantially lengthening life expectancy will only make that worse. Basically, I'm afraid we're closer to solving our medical problems than we are to solving our planet-supporting-our-population problems. If we solve the latter in tandem, then I'm on board. Or are you only talking about quality-of-life improvements, rather than lengthening life expectancy? Assuming this is even possible, I think the problem with it would be the psychological toll of a death to the survivors - while always sad, the death of an elderly loved one is less jarring than the death of a loved one in their prime ("it was his time") - so keeping everyone in their prime right up until their death would eliminate a powerfully useful coping mechanism. I think the problem with this is that negotiations are very sensitive to starting terms, what he would pay for (and I think many others would as well) is basically an intelligent idea of where to start. The idea that business shouldn't be expected to train its workforce is intriguing to me. This seems to be an underlying assumption in our society, but I don't recall ever having heard an argument for it one way or the other. Isn't a business that refuses to provide any of the necessary education for its employees profiting from a well-educated society without pitching in anything for the bill? If all governments worldwide were to refuse to invest in education in any way, the rational business decision would be to take this on themselves, or risk having no workforce with which to remain competitive. From this point of view, our enormous societal investment in education looks a lot like a subsidy. I would be interested to see some quantification of the total cost to educate a company's work force, compared with its tax burden (and the "taxable activity" it sparks, if that is quantifiable in some way), for a number of different types of companies. Has anyone seen data like this? Doing some napkin-style calculations it seems like I could convince myself of either conclusion. That isn't a solid case for our population's inability to think critically, it's a solid case for the problems caused by the necessity of specialization in a highly complex society. In nearly every interaction outside our chosen areas of expertise, we are all on the wrong end of an information asymmetry. Expecting everyone in society to have at least an intermediate level of expertise in is not the solution. Here's an example - I go to the doctor, the doctor prescribes a certain cholesterol medication, I go pick it up and start taking it regularly. There's every chance that next year, someone on the internet will be implying that I'm stupid, that I lack critical thinking skills, because everyone knows that this cholesterol drug causes a major medical condition. I'll be told that anyone who knew anything about medicine at the time I was prescribed this drug would have told me that I shouldn't have taken it. And yet, my doctor, who presumably did know things about medicine, told me to take it. Should I have done my own due diligence into this drug? How would I know where to start? Do I need to be taught biology so that I know how to figure out which medicine is and isn't safe? Does everyone need to have enough understanding of medicine to make these sorts of decisions? The financial system is less complicated than medicine, but it is not at all trivial. People who were sold snake oil by those with more expertise than themselves do not lack critical reasoning skills. They merely trusted authority, which we all have to do on a daily basis just to get by in a world where everything is complex. tl;dr; People who didn't understand the consequences of adjustable rate mortgages or believe that prayer is the only way they can contribute to solving our debt problem aren't stupid; they don't know much about finance, but they probably know a lot about something else. I think what you are missing is the in between phase where scarcity still exists, but the best way to produce scarce outputs does not involve humans, besides those who own or run the scarce-output-production entities. This seems to me to either produce societies with wild inequities between a very few producers and a very many do-nothings, or the types of socialist utopias that we appear to be really horrible at as humans. The everyone-has-a-magical-everything-maker phase, I agree, that sounds pretty solid. But it is higher-risk to be unable to find anyone employable than it is to train people yourself. So the system depends on a surplus of already-trained workers, which someone needs to provide, or everyone suffers. It will be interesting (and terrifying! don't get me wrong, but also interesting) to see what happens if we get to this point - there is no Bastille for the masses to storm, throwing out the entirety of the democratic government would accomplish very little in terms of wealth redistribution, and the military now has the literal capability, though hopefully not the strength of will or weakness of conscience, to kill every member of the starving horde. Our distribution of wealth may not be as skewed as pre-revolutionary France, but our concentration of might is far higher. Absolutely. My typical workflow is a mixture of full-screen windows and windows that are tiled left-right or top-bottom. For what feels like forever, I have managed this manually (and tediously), but then I found Moom - http://manytricks.com/moom/ - and it made my life easy. My girlfriend manages grant money for a large research institution where a sizable majority of the funds come from taxpayer-backed grants. You would be surprised (well, or maybe not) how often the researchers on the grants yell at her for not letting her have unfettered access to "their money". Even our friends who are researchers for other labs will get heated with her when she defends the casually-maligned administrators of their own grants. It's all very ugly and wrong-headed. One of my new favorite interview questions is: When researching how to integrate a feature, you come across a chunk of code that is atrocious, but unrelated to your feature - what do you do? The answer can be very telling. My eyes were similarly opened to the unnatural focus on calculus in mathematical education by the book "Everything and More" by David Foster Wallace. It is about Georg Cantor's search for an understanding of infinity, but spends much of its time laying groundwork with a lengthy adventure through math history, including many of the topics Stillwell mentions in that quote. http://www.amazon.com/Everything-More-Compact-Infinity-Disco... Absolutely do learn the fundamentals. Be able to look off into space and imagine the flow of a system at many different levels of abstraction. Understand how compilers, interpreters, and operating systems wrangle your hardware into submitting to your will. Learn and design algorithms. Spend time thinking about how your computer gets from point A to point B for every program you use. Do all those things and more, but then be willing to embrace being somebody who "glues APIs together" when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs when appropriate, or somebody who creates new APIs using others that you have glued together, and then make something with all that abstract, algorithmic thinking and all that glue. 1.9.1 is there, 1.9.2 is not. But I still the the better solution is to build from source on each machine, or create a custom 1.9.2 package for the machines you will be using. As other comments have pointed out, RVM is held together with string and duct tape and breaks frequently. I haven't dug into the code from this project, but being more testable and maintainable would be one of the biggest wins they could achieve from my point of view. Yeah it's a really interesting demonstration of something that is just so darn useful that you're crazy not to use it (on your development machine), regardless of your complaints with it. I'm not familiar with the technique you're referring to, is there a reference you could point me to that discusses "apt-pinning" packages from testing? We recently had a "there must be a better way" moment trying to get a standardized Ruby 1.9.2 installation set up - I think what you're describing is that better way. This is kind of a classic "fast, correct - choose one" debate. If saving time is more important, perhaps you should use RVM in production, if correctness is more important, you probably shouldn't. It comes down to how expensive your mistakes are. Certainly the 52-year-old developer all else being equal. Isn't this a complete no-brainer? It's interesting to me that you thought you were the only one who put doing before ...learning, for lack of a better word - from what I can tell, the trendy thing at the moment (besides all the trendy technologies) is to spurn design, best practices, and maintainability in favor of doing things in the stinky, realistic, checkbook and bills friendly manner. At least if you're judging solely based on articles and comments that get upvoted on HN. It's a constant pendulum between "right" and "quick", which makes me think the answer is almost certainly somewhere in the middle. Honestly, it makes me wary of being a customer of startups currently, if everyone is just trying to get to version 1 as quickly as possible without any consideration for the future, so I hope that attitude is not as widely spread as it appears to be. When you say "no one has ever taken advantage of this", do you mean that nobody has ever taken any time off at all, or that you feel nobody has abused the rules in your opinion? I certainly hope it isn't the first, because if so, that's a very very bad policy. I think saying "yes, there's a Clear, but what would you do if there weren't", or "yes, there's a Clear - how would you implement it if you made the library?". Interview questions where the right answer is "I know an API or assume something about it correctly" are stupid, but questions where that is the right answer with a more interesting follow-up are not. I agree with the thrust of your statement, but it's worth keeping in mind that while physics isn't magic it is not deterministic either, once you start working with really small things. You see this a lot (even on this forum) with people referring to Rails "magic", when it can't possibly be anything but a bunch of lines of code being executed according to the rules of a certain interpreter. I think the assumption was that even arrays indexed by integers are stored as JS Objects, which are basically a hashmap style structure, and so they wouldn't be implemented like a ho-hum, classic array. I'm not sure if that assumption is right, but if it is, there would be no need to re-address each element. I really like your insight about the accumulation of decisions over the course of a project - I've never thought about it in quite that way, that by having one default decision or the other, your project's destiny is completely different. Picking a sane default answer to that question for a project should be thought of as one of the (many) important jobs of its creator. edit: I really don't understand why the parent comment was downvoted and then deleted. Isn't this identical to what the original post I replied to was saying - those he refers to as the "clueless" have not sufficiently analyzed enough technology to distinguish it from magic. I wouldn't go so far as calling people clueless though, thinking of some things as magical black boxes frees up mental space. Yes, that would be a great answer, and ideally they get to the part you mentioned about adding it to an internal library, to which the next question is, Ok, you're adding it, how do you write it? My point is merely that it's still worthwhile to see an implementation, rather than moving on when you hear the word "Clear". Might be a good way to know if you're doing something boring if you're just playing the pick-the-package game. If what you're doing is less interesting than re-implementing all those packages, then it might not be worth doing. There are people who give a damn about the product on other technology stacks, and being interested in shiny things is not mutually exclusive with being pragmatic and caring about product. But maybe you're right that the Java community has the most people like this. If I shift my internal definition of "smart" to mean what it seems to mean in the context of your post, then I can't really argue, but aren't we starting to get some tunnel-vision in this community about what it means to be "smart"? It's absolutely not true that "most people" can write CRUD apps, but perhaps you meant "most programmers", at which point you've limited your set of people to a group who understand a very complex machine well enough to make it do their bidding. I personally don't know any programmers I wouldn't call "smart", but maybe I'm just a webby dummy myself and your definition of the word is better than mine. Nit-pick: it's actually spelled "Clojure" - wouldn't matter, except for the existence of Google's tool set called "Closure", which Clojure's browser hosted version uses, leading to lots of room for confusion. Kickstarter and development of affordable 3D printing are another two, just to lengthen the arrow pointing in the direction of the future you're imagining. Having said that, the transition from our current world to that world could be pretty darn rocky, if it's even possible. Please do enumerate the solutions you are alluding to if you're willing - I'm sure I'm not the only person on here who is curious and has no idea what you're talking about or where to start looking. This ignores the non-financial side of employment decisions. I, for one, would hate to be an investment banker right now, because pretty much everyone I care about would lose nearly all their respect for me. This effect seems to be weaker than money, but it does exist. Ok clearly you think the rest of your argument is obvious, but I'm going to be dense and say "yes", those are tools. Just as the Linux kernel is a tool for managing the various resources of the system. Maybe it's the word "merely" that's tripping things up, but I don't see how any of these things fail to fit the word "tool". What I find hilarious is the idea that things can "just" be built (motherfuckas), rather than things built through lots of hard work, dedication, and yes even that apparently dirty word analysis . What this article is suggesting sounds great for prototypes, which is what startups should be doing early on, but not forever. It definitely makes sense to have it in the query string, and I think people are already doing it that way, but the author makes a good point - it isn't a resource in its own right, it's merely a different representation. But in my experience, requiring Accept manipulation outside of .json versus .xml makes your service less usable by clients, which often don't expose anything besides the url.