You might want to consider punting on the question altogether by taking angel money as convertible debt instead of equity. Or try this: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf It's a meat market. I applied (out of intellectual curiosity) and got in, but decided not to actually go through with it when I learned that birthday, age, height and "build" (choices are "slim", "athletic", "average" and "curvy") are required information before you can activate your account. I wasn't planning on it. Don't let that stop you though. > (How big? I don't know. Big!) I didn't say it was a big problem, I said it was a real problem. And the larger your code base, and the more people start sharing code, the more real it will be. It is only a matter of time before someone writes something like: (let foo snoz (jims-macro frotz)) and gets an error of the form "42 is not a valid function" and has to spend an hour puzzling over where that error came from before realizing that Jim's macro expands into Bob's macro which expands into Ann's macro which uses a helper function called foo. Is it a "big" problem? Maybe not. But it's a real problem, and given that one of your stated goals was to design "the 100 year language" I think it's a shame that you chose to solve it by placing the burden on the programmers. (And I use the plural advisedly here, because the potential for encountering this problem grows as the community grows and people start re-using each other's code.) But I would reiterate that the lack of abstract data types is IMO a much bigger problem than the lack of hygienic macros. (And just so you know I'm not just sniping from the sidelines, I have proposed solutions implemented in CL which I'd be happy to help port to Arc if you agree that this is in fact a problem.) > It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. Not me (at least I hope not). I was trying to judge Arc entirely by the standards that Paul set for it in his foundational essays. > what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? At the very least better documentation :-) There appear to be some really cool things in the Arc web infrastructure, but the only way to figure out how to use them at the moment seems to be to reverse-engineer the code. That's kinda the right idea. There are two problems with your specific proposal: 1) it places a considerable burden on the programmer to annotate every invocation of a top-level function. For complex macros that can become quite annoying. 2) Baking the concept of a single top-level into the macro system makes it hard to add modules later. If you pursue the idea of having the system walk the code and automatically insert those annotations you will (almost certainly) end up re-inventing hygienic macros. (For the record, I much prefer the Lisp2 solution, because it's the hacker's solution. It's not mathematically elegant, but it's simple (compared to hygiene) and it gets the job done.) For the record, I did not submit this article, and specifically declined a request to do so. It's not that I don't stand by what I wrote (I do) but it was written for a specific audience at a specific time and I don't think it deserves the attention that it's getting now. Thanks! > Is this not sniping from the sidelines? No, because I'm hacking too :-) > Ron criticizes, but doesn't suggest anything better That's because my whole point is that programming is much too rich and complicated for any one metric to be particularly useful. (Ironically, the exact same thing is true of painting, which is Paul' central metaphor!) Working on it. My favorite quote: Lisp was great at the time of its inception if only for a radically new way of using machines. It has suffered the fate of having been elevated to a status of de facto standard with all its defects. Despite its conceptual novelty a lot of the design of Lisp is terribly amateurish even by the standards of the time. When I read the first manual, the Lisp 1.5 manual, published in 1961, I could not believe my eyes. It was an extremely poor language. Now it has become the defacto standard of the AI community, which now suffers from Lisp, the way the rest of the world suffered from Fortran. What's wrong with the file system? I suggest FST and RST. These are composable, e.g. FFRRST == CAADDR. Y Combinator of course :-) I agree. Taking an equity investment at a too-high valuation can jeopardize your chances of getting more money down the road. If, as you say, you don't need the cash and you're doing this for the connections, just give them the 0.1% in exchange for their services as a consultant. Taking such a tiny amount of cash for equity will be more trouble than it's worth. It's not just the academic job market -- all of Western civilization is a pyramid scheme. Here's a shorter version of the same thing: http://www.flownet.com/ron/chaitin.html I've used TrustCommerce and I highly recommend them. I've also used authorize, paymentech, and cybersource. TC is head-and-shoulders above the rest IMO. From first principles, actively looking for such a person is IMO a major mistake. You are essentially looking for someone to invest in your company, but to buy their shares with labor instead of cash. So you need someone who is 1) financially able to make such an investment, 2) a savvy enough investor to be able to assess whether or not your company is worth investing in (or foolish enough to make the investment without due diligence) and 3) able (and willing) to program. Such a mix of skills and financial means is very rare. This is not to say that if you should happen to be lucky enough to find such a person that you should not hire them, but actively looking is not wise. Division of labor is a very powerful tool and should not be discarded lightly. You're much more likely to succeed if you get investors to invest and hackers to hack and not try to fram these two disparate skills into one brain. IMHO, YMMV, etc. Yes, that is what founders do. But you didn't say you were looking for a co-founder who could hack, you said you were looking for a hacker willing to work for equity. These are not the same thing. The distinction is important. Asking for "a hacker who works for equity" (with only a "chance to be part of the founding team") makes it sound like you're looking for someone to be an employee and an investor, but not a member of the senior management team. Pretty cool, but you kind of gave it away with that headline. I suspect this has something to do with OLPC switching from Linux to XP. Take any fish fillet about 1/2-3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the seasoning of your choice. Stick it in a toaster over set to 400 degrees. (Put a sheet of tinfoil in the baking tray and you won't even have any cleanup.) It will be done in ten minutes. While you are waiting, boil 1 cup of water. Turn off the heat and throw in 2/3 cup of couscous. This should put you at about the five minute mark. Throw a veggie of your choice in the microwave. Everything will be done, hot, tasty and nutritious at ten minutes. It's pretty foolproof and east-cleanup too. This is pretty much our standard dinner most nights. (And I'm not even doing a startup right now!) > That's sort of a semantic debate, isn't it? No. There's one very significant difference between a VC and YC. VC's invest other people's money. YC doesn't. VC's may also invest their own money, but this is incidental to their primary business, which is to assemble investment portfolios for other people to invest in. They charge a fee for this, and many VC's make most of their money from these fees, not from the returns on the investments. This has real consequences. VC's are much more risk-averse than YC, because if they have a bad year it can put them out of business. (No one will want to invest their money in a VC which lost money for their previous investors.) If YC has a bad year they can just shrug it off, learn from the experience, and try again. This dynamic also changes the VC's risk posture in another way. A VC has much more to lose from a loss than they have to gain from a really big win. If a VC has a really big win, most of the money goes to the investors, not to the VC. The VC's primary benefit from a Really Big Win will be that more people will want to participate in their next round of investments, which is nice, but that in and of itself doesn't make you a billionaire. So VC's are much more interested in avoiding loss than in going after a Really Big Win. YC, by contrast, has nothing to lose from a loss except the money they put in (which is not much), and a lot to gain from a Really Big Win (since they are the investor). This makes YC willing to take much bigger gambles than a VC would. It also aligns YC's interests with the interests of the companies they invest in, since the bigger the company wins, the bigger YC wins. The point is that whatever YC loses, it's theirs and not someone else's. They do not have a fiduciary duty to anyone but themselves. This significantly changes their risk posture. It's not just a semantic quibble. Maybe time to add down-arrows. Great idea, lousy execution. Besides the problems others have already mentioned, it's slooooooooowwwwwwww. Also, two very serious fundamental problems: 1. Many of your translations are wrong. I took the Spanish lesson. All of the Spanish verbs are infinitives, but the English translations are all gerunds. 2. Learning a language one word at a time doesn't really teach you the language. You need to learn more than just vocabulary, you need grammar, conjugations, declinations, etc. But I hasten to add, the idea of a language tutor that keeps track of what you know and only drills you on the stuff you don't is a really good one and very promising if you can actually make it work. But it's not an easy problem. (For an aspiring entrepreneur this is a good thing. If it were easy someone else would have done it already.) Exercise. Seriously. Endorphines are really good for putting life in perspective. I've used domainsite for many years. They've had a couple of annoying email outages, but other than that they've been pretty solid. You can write operating systems and have low-level control over the hardware in Lisp too. Having money lets you trade one set of problems for a different set of problems. That second set generally consists of "nice problems to have" but they are problems nonetheless. Whether or not you're happier depends on which set of problems you prefer. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... See myth #10 Actually, you're not far off the mark. I would add: - pressure from friends and family to spend the way they want you to ("Why don't you help your little sister more?") - can be hard on long-standing friendships because they can't afford to do the things you can afford, and paying for them creates awkward feelings of obligation. But the fundamental problem with having money you have to decide what to do with it, which is not nearly as easy as you might imagine. I'd put that slightly differently: if you bought heavily into the idea that money will make you happy and then find that it doesn't, then you can be truly lost. As long as you don't have money, it makes it that much easier to figure out what you ought to be doing day to day, which for many people is no small thing. Well, the data is already available on hacker news, but ye gods! you couldn't figure out a better way to package this up than a separate HTML file for each user? Because the people who came before you have mitigated a lot of the risk. I really think that Microsoft customers must have some kind of Stockholm-syndrome thing going on in their brains. This is not the first time Microsoft has screwed its customers, and it won't be the last. And yet, for reasons passing my understanding, people keep coming back for more. Just for the record, the "Lisper" in question isn't me, it's Dan Weinreb. This essay really makes me wish for down-arrows. It seems to me nothing more than a plug for Alan Watts's CD, and the not-exactly-earth-shattering observation that people sometimes make unwarranted assumptions. A few more examples of the kinds of these "far more dangerous lies" would have been helpful. > This is probably something workable, but then it needs a certain proactive work from users which I think people who don't clear their inboxes don't do normally. Doesn't matter. As long as a big enough percentage of the recipients participate it will work. > What about jobseekers who spam employers. As much as this is spam, there are diamonds in the rough. This is for free email accounts only. ISP's could charge a progressive schedule of fees for accounts with fewer restrictions. It would still serve to eliminate spam because spam relies on the accounts being actually free in order to be profitable. > privacy issues. just not worth it. Again, this is for free accounts only. I'm a big privacy advocate, but I think a compromise on privacy to reduce spam is a worthwhile tradeoff. > If you determined that there were differences between races, and it was in the best interest of your children to discriminate against certain people, what would you tell them? I would tell them to beware of plausible-sounding theories. And I'd have them read this: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2007/11/science-103-virtue-of-sim... I recommend TrustCommerce. > Is there anything out there like a micro-VC or investors club for tech startups? Yes, there are many of these. > Say n people put up $x each to fund a project. What are the implications? You would have $nx. :-) > Would it work? That depends on what you mean by "work". People do it. Some of the people who do it even make money doing it. > If so, who's in? Ah, there's the rub. The trick is: > I'm a hacker who'd love to invest in other people's startups. I, of course, don't have enough savings on hand to do any significant damage. If you don't have your own money to invest then you need to convince other people to let you play with their money. That is not such an easy thing to do. Starting an investment fund is not fundamentally different from starting any other kind of business. But you can't just join the VC club and start raking in the cash any more than you can just join the entrepreneur's club and start raking in the cash. At root they're the same club. The confusion about OO is due entirely to people's failure to apply Ron's First Law: All extreme positions are wrong. What happens is that someone stumbles upon a new technique that seems to be good for something, so they decide that it must be good for everything, and when they realize that it's not good for everything (typically ten years into the process) they decide that it was all hype and it must be good for nothing. So everyone stampedes off to find the Next Big Thing, whatever that is, and the whole sorry cycle starts all over again. It's particularly amusing as a Lisp programmer to watch all these fads come and go because none of these ideas are new. The OO features of Java and C++ are just tiny subsets of the functionality in CLOS. XML and JSON are nothing more than (bad) re-inventions of S-expressions. Aspect-oriented programming is just a hack to get around the fact that Java doesn't have macros or multimethods. And on and on it goes. The right answer, of course, is that OO (and every other programming technique) is good for some things and not other things. Figuring out what things a particular technique is and is not good for is a big part of mastering the art of programming. Absolutely correct. Over on the Lisp lists I sometimes make the point that Lisp failed precisely because it was so powerful that one person could be productive enough to get useful work done by themselves. As a result, Lisp tended (and maybe still tends) to attract people who don't work well with others, whereas if you program in C you have no choice but to work as part of a team if you want to get anything done at all. At the end of the day teamwork wins, even when hobbled by inferior tools. Or you can just realize that get_X is the Wrong Thing and you should just write GetterDoneInstance.X instead. That's only a problem if you think the terminology matters. It doesn't. What matters are the concepts. It's much easier to map the terminology onto the concepts than to try to go the other way around. For example, it's much easier to go from a concept like "I can use the SAME NAME for DIFFERENT FUNCTIONS in the SAME PROGRAM, and there are various ways to map useful semantics onto the resulting code" to "If I resolve the ambiguity at run-time then it's POLYMORPHISM and if I do it at compile time then it's OPERATOR OVERLOADING" than it is to start with the terms POLYMORPHISM and OPERATOR OVERLOADING and try to learn what they mean and what they are good for. But using instance.a is not wrong because you can override __getattr__. And if overriding __getattr__ is not the right thing then what you are writing is not a getter. Under no circumstances is it justified IMHO to write a get_X method. (And if your language doesn't let you override __getattr__ then you need a better language.) IMHO of course. I don't claim this to be a hard and fast rule. It is obviously not impossible for Lispers to work together. My theory is just that Lisp tends to attract non-team-players more than C does, and the macro effect of this is that in the main C wins. There will, of course, be exceptions. There's a flaw in Eratostenes reasoning: you have to assume that the sun is effectively infinitely far away. In Eratosthenes's day there was no way to know this. The one measurement he did does not prove the world is round. It could merely indicate that the sun is nearby. (It makes an interesting exercise to calculate just how near it would have to be, and to design another experiment to eliminate this possibility.) With all due respect, did it never occur to you to get this all figured out BEFORE you had kids? I'm 44 and I just started on my fourth. Sorry for not responding sooner. Hacker News needs an active message flag like Reddit has. The first one (flownet.com) failed. Never made a dime. Never found an investor. But we had working (hardware) prototypes. The second one (indiebuyer.net) made some revenue but ultimately ran out of money and folded. The third one was acquired by Richard Branson and is now Virgin Charter. (That wasn't an exit, so I still haven't made any money from it. But it's looking promising. At least it's still in business, and doing well last I heard.) The fourth one is looking pretty promising as well. (Actually there's a fifth one too, which is also looking pretty good.) So I've been at it off and on for fifteen years (we started FlowNet in '93) and I still haven't made a dime off a startup of my own. But I think I'm getting better at it :-) Dwight Eisenhower famously said, "Plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." My point is that it is NOT impossible to plan for. Many aspects of having kids are quite predictable, including all the issues that the OP was asking about. I've tweaked the blog post a bit to hopefully make this clearer. P.S. And maybe I don't really know how hard it is to raise kids. It may well be even harder than I imagine. But that doesn't change the fact that anyone who waits until two months after the kid is born to figure out who is going to take care of it has not planned ahead adequately. Nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law: raising kids is harder than you think even when you take into account nreece's corollary to Hofstadter's law. :-) > Kids are not startups. Of course they are. They aren't startup companies , they are startup humans , but they are definitely startups. > I hope you're not implying that kids have the same failure rates as startup companies. Of course not. We've been making startup humans for a lot longer than we've been making startup companies. So it's no surprise that we're better at it. (Still room for improvement though IMHO.) Or here: http://flownet.com/ron/cuil.gif (They seem to have fixed this.) The Right Answer to this question is, "No, I hadn't heard about that study. Can you send me a pointer?" That completely defuses the situation, and hedges against the possibility that the guy might not be joking. This actually makes an interesting psychological experiment. I know German, and I found I could not focus on the subtitles unless I turned the sound down, which took away some of the emotional impact. But it made me laugh anyway. I disagree with one point: "They do seem to expect an answer to the [question of how much money you are trying to raise]. But I don't think you should just tell them a number." It's very useful to have a number in mind, and it's very helpful for an investor to know what that number is. If I only have $50k to invest and you're trying to raise $10M then talking to you is probably wasting both of our time. (The reverse is true too. If I'm running a $100M fund and you only need $25k to get to your next milestone it's not a good match no matter how promising your company is.) It's helpful to think of the question as, "How much money can you make effective use of at the moment" or "How much do you want to raise before you stop putting immediate effort into raising money" or "How much do you need to get you to your next significant milestone (and what is that milestone)?" Absolutely. When you look back and can honestly say that if you had it to do over again you wouldn't do anything differently, then it's bad luck. Yeah, that's what I meant. Given the information you had at the time... I've written three billing systems. None had any common code, and in retrospect it's doubtful that it would have made much sense. The business structure just had too big of an impact on the design. If all the businesses you're trying to serve have a similar business model (e.g. shipping physical stuff, or digital subscriptions, or selling software downloads) then you might get some leverage, but as soon as you throw in anything weird (refunds, credit card holds, recurring billing, staged billing, payment by something other than a credit card, etc. etc. etc.) it can get very, very complicated. Which is probably why there's not a one-size-fits-all solution out there. > "You lying cunt" is an eloquent affirmation of love. Why am I suddenly reminded of Alan Sokal? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokal_affair http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf > Once you measure it, it is no longer entangled. This is not true. If it were then FTL communication would be possible. See http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf You don't need quantum mechanics to produce this kind of a result. One-time-pad encryption does essentially the same thing. Both the "key" and the "ciphertext" (I put them in scare quotes because they are mathematically indistinguishable) by themselves are just random bit strings containing zero information. But together they contain all the information of the original cleartext. Yawn. Lisp had this feature fifty years ago. OK, looks like kraemate is the overwhelming winner, though I have to give an honorable mention to byrneseyeview. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out today. You win. Post (or email if you don't want it made public) your mailing address and I'll send them out. I quit JPL and started a new career as a VC :-) > Using different operators for ints and floats in OCaml is like making people use prefix notation for arithmetic in Lisp - you get used to it Until the day when you have a large code base and you decide that something that you originally decided to make an an int really ought to be a float instead. Then you'll get unused to it again. > If you think your numeric type everywhere may change down the road If programmers were always that foresightful, programming in general would be a whole lot easier. > Or, change it once, and let the compiler show you everywhere else it needs to be fixed. I find this downright perverse. If a compiler is smart enough to know what needs to be fixed then it should just go ahead and fix it instead of fobbing the job off onto the programmer. Thanks :-) > OCaml's H-M type system doesn't try to guess whether you meant all references to x to be type A or type B, it just tells you that they aren't internally consistent. No, it doesn't tell you that. It tells you that they are internally inconsistent WITH RESPECT TO OCAML's SEMANTICS. They are not internally inconsistent in any absolute sense, as evidenced by the fact that I can write (+ x y) in Lisp and it will produce a sensible result whether x and y are integers, floats, rationals, complex numbers, or any combination of the above. This is an existence proof that compilers can figure these things out. Hence, any compiler that doesn't figure these things out and places this burden back on the programmer is deficient. OCAML's design requires its compiler to be deficient in this way, which makes OCAML IMHO badly broken. OCAML, in essence, requires the programmer to engage in premature optimization of arithmetic primitives. The result is, unsurprisingly, a lot of unnecessary work when certain kinds of changes need to be made. Maybe you can "get used to" this kind of pain, but to me that seems to be missing the point rather badly. > This really shouldn't be an error And it isn't: ? (setf *READ-DEFAULT-FLOAT-FORMAT* 'double-float) DOUBLE-FLOAT ? (+ 1203981239.123d0 129381723987498237492138461293238947239847293848923) 1.2938172398749823E+50 ? Nope. I haven't been doing it long enough to have gotten any good stories out of it yet. I did write this a while back, which was a big hit in its day: http://rondam.blogspot.com/2006/10/top-ten-geek-business-myt... Of course. Sooner or later you bump up against the fact that real machines are finite. That's not the issue. The issue is this: you ask two compilers to add 1 and 2.3. Compiler A says the answer is 3.3. Compiler B says it's an error. Which compiler would you rather use? It's ultimately a matter of taste. You can push compiler cleverness too far. For example, 1+"2.3" probably should be an error (and if you don't think so, what should 1+"two point three" return?) But the rules for mixing integers, floats, rationals and complex numbers are pretty well worked out, and IMHO any language that forces the programmer to reinvent them is b0rken. http://rondam.blogspot.com/2008/09/ive-never-been-so-happy-t... You may be surprised. I was pretty sure our cat would have to be convinced to wear it, but he took it without any complaints. It works surprisingly well. We were able to discover that our cat had a friend we didn't know about: http://www.flownet.com/ron/pictures/catcam.jpg Nope, you can do this. Brian Singerman and I did it. But it's a boatload of work. We did it once, and I'm pretty sure we won't do it again, at least not any time soon. Note that Python effectively has an open-brace (the colon) but no close-brace except for unindent. Personally, I hate this because if I'm in emacs and I hit the tab (autoindent) key the result may or may not be what I want. I personally use a programming style where I use a PASS statement as a close-brace so my code can always be safely autoindented without changing its semantics. But this is rather ugly. It would be better to have a less obnoxious but still backwards-compatible close-brace, like ## or maybe #> Some day I'll hack emacs-mode.elisp to support this. I recommend Dennet's book. In a nutshell, his thesis is that our subjective experience of consciousness in the here-and-now is an illusion, that what's really going on is the brain is writing and re-writing its memories to build up an internal model that is consistent with all the sensory input its receiving. This crazy-sounding idea is actually consistent with experimental results. You aren't really conscious, you just think you are. :-) You might also enjoy: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf , especially sections 5 and 6. http://www.flownet.com/ron/fix_excel.txt No no no no no. No. http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=463234 But that in and of itself doesn't mean anything. The content is static . That makes it much easier to prettify. Look for example at the Orchid example that I linked to: http://www.csszengarden.com/?cssfile=/211/211.css&page=0 Look at the headings. They're really beautiful. How do I do that in CSS? I can't. They are images. To really demonstrate CSS you'd need to take all those style sheets and apply them to a different HTML document and see if they still looked good. No one has done that experiment (and I suspect no one will) but I predict the results would not look nearly as good. > That's not the point of CSS. Really? If that's true then either 1) CSS is useless for dynamic content or 2) you have to dynamically generate your CSS to match your dynamic content. Which is it? I'm posting this comment only to find out what color I am. Black. Bummer. Wave collapse hasn't been taken seriously by physicists in years. It's been thoroughly debunked again and again (c.f. http://www.npl.washington.edu/npl/int_rep/tiqm/TI_toc.html , http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf ). The press keeps reporting it because it's such a delicious mystery. > Which physicists? Well, Cramer (the one I cited) for one. David Mermin. Cerf and Adami. Roland Omnes. John Preskill. How many do you want? > I gave a talk last week on decoherence To what audience? Yeah, well, those are the people I would consider the authorities, wouldn't you? BTW, collapse is easily debunked: take a two-slit experiment a put a detector at one slit. Interference is destroyed for all photons despite the "fact" that only half the photons "actually" interact with the detector. Collapse cannot account for this. (I put "fact" and "actually" in scare quotes because in true fact all the photons interact with the detector, but not according to the collapse theory.) Back in the day, I submitted this paper to the American Journal of Physics. It was rejected, not because it was incorrect, but because it didn't say anything new. If you like I can post the review. Here it is. (Gotta love modern search tools.) Edit: couldn't figure out how to paste in pre-formatted text, so here's a link instead: http://www.flownet.com/ron/ajp_review.txt Oh, you might find this amusing too: http://www.wikipatents.com/7126691.html I thought it was somewhat fair. One the one hand, it is true that the paper says nothing new. On the other hand, it doesn't claim to say anything new. It just claims to present old results in a more accessible way, which I believe it does. Furthermore, these results are clearly not widely known even within the physics community because even today you can find lots of card-carrying physicists (and a few patent examiners apparently, to say nothing of journalists) who do not understand the simple idea that measurement and entanglement are the same physical phenomenon, so clearly there is a need for some better pedagogy in this area. AJP is ostensibly devoted to physics education , which is why I chose to submit it there. So I think it would have been an appropriate venue, and I think it would have made a contribution. On the other hand, the point that I do not have adequate references for a scholarly publication is valid. So I thought the decision not to publish it was defensible, even if I didn't agree with their reasoning. I did not submit it to Foundations of Physics. Physics is not really my field of expertise, so the benefit to me from having an accepted peer-reviewed publication in this area is pretty small. This paper was the result of an exploration driven by personal curiosity. If self-publication on the web were not an option I might have been more motivated to polish it up and resubmit it, but it is so I wasn't. I'm actually between gigs right now (my partner in a startup I was trying to get off the ground had to bow out) so I may try to update it and take another whack at publishing. I actually have some new ideas about how entanglement can explain the (perceived) flow of time, but the last time it took me nearly ten years to figure it out (though it all finally came together in a wonderful "aha" moment, which almost made it all worthwhile) and I have other fish to fry. Nope. Options don't become available for several weeks after an IPO. There needs to be some historical price data to feed the black-scholes formula in order to price the options.