Padmapper (and 3taps) don't scrape craigslist though. They get all info from public sources such as search engine caches. I'm assuming the URL is supposed to automatically update to 'save' my changes, but it's not happening in my Firefox 18.0.1. Hmm, nor in IE9, although I notice the default text is completely different. Is there a save button I'm somehow not seeing? Also in IE9 I get this JS error: SCRIPT438: Object doesn't support property or method 'atob' editor.js, line 161 character 3, which prevents any of the controls from functioning. Awesome idea, but all it ever gives me is a loading bar. shapecatcher.com/engine/recognize eventually returns "504 Gateway Time-out" Perhaps I'm the exception, but I regularly use the related posts and even occasionally the 'temporal navigation' features of blogs I find via HN and other such sources. I know they wrote at least one good article, so I'm happy to spend a bit of time looking for more. So personally, I hope no one writing decent content takes this advice. Your title is one example of how not to launched a successful product. OK, it's 4am, so presumably part of my brain is asleep, but I'm missing something here. If the latencies were unconstrained, I would agree that it is impossible to solve the initial riddle. However, since it states that there are only two possibilities, 2s:2s or 3s:1s, it sure seems solvable to me. You have two equations and three variables, but you don't need to solve for the three variables. You can eliminate the skew and end up with a single equation and two variables - the two latencies. That allows you to solve for the difference between the latencies. And since the possibilities are constrained, that is sufficient to solve the problem. Of course, in a real world scenario the possible latencies would not be discrete, so indeed the problem would not be solvable. But that's not how it was presented. So either the puzzle was poorly constructed as an analogy for the real-world scenario, or (more likely) my sleepy brain is missing something fundamental. Somebody help me out. Ah yes, and looking at it in the morning, my resulting single equation is degenerate. I had a sign wrong last night, which suggested I'd solved for the difference between the two latencies. Actually (of course) I'd solved for the sum of the two latencies, which as the article mentioned, is all you can really determine. facepalm The first comment there (by Leslie Wheeler) summarizes the ridiculousness nicely: "We may have an early candidate for Worst Illinois Senate Bill of 2013. First of all, Illinois does not have jurisdiction over the entirety of the internet. Illinois has jurisdiction over Illinois. Geographical location isn't all that important to the web hosting industry - for the most part, a datacenter in Chicago is just as good as one in, say, Dallas or Seattle. This means that the only thing this bill would actually succeed in doing is driving internet-related business (both individual online businesses, as well as the infrastructure that supports them, ie, webhosting companies and datacenters) out of the state. Good job representing our interests there, Ira. More importantly, though, this is plainly unconstitutional. It's absolutely embarrassing that any elected representative of US citizens would suggest that there should be a host of state-defined rules that must be met before one is allowed to exercise their first amendment right to free speech. Just for funsies, here's what SCOTUS thought of anonymous speech in McIntyre V. Ohio Elections Commission: 'Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical minority views... Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.... It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation... at the hand of an intolerant society.'" When they're adequately backed up, as in this circumstance, why not? Send the data in triplicate if you want, just to avoid the hassle of re-sending any that get damaged. Regardless, the cost would be trivial, even for young-Google. Originally was going to chastise you for typing your actual passwords into a random demo version that could have been modified in whatever way. But since it's all js I guess it's a simple matter to verify it's not transmitting anything. Although I guess it could be some really devious thing where it saves the info in a cookie to be snagged later or some such. Did you check the JS code? ;) Appears it's been un-fixed again. Not only are new results once again not being indexed, but the ones from that brief period of time when it appeared fixed have been removed. Very thought-provoking. Helps to set speaker volume to a comfortable level at the start then leave it there as you explore (it quickly becomes uncomfortable). This comment on the article (from a person with clinical autism) sums it up well: "It's not that life looks like this, it's that life feels like this ." Hmm.. As a site owner I try not to jump to conspiracy conclusions, as I've certainly been on the receiving end of enough of them due to random coincidences and such. That said, this does indeed seem odd. Did you try posting a question in their forums about it? I'm surprised there are no bids yet. There's always someone willing to take these things on, impossible as they obviously are. Question: Do 4th Amendment rights apply only to US citizens? Or would this ruling apply equally to, say, Canadians crossing the border into the US? Answer: Looks like it applies equally to non-citizens. Will feel better about bringing my laptop across the border now. https://ssd.eff.org/your-computer/govt/fourth-amendment For some reason my brain interpreted the white queen as black. The 'right' move was still obvious since white only had a rook and pawns besides the invisible queen, but it took me way too long to see why it was a checkmate! I've been reading too much HN. For a good 4 second my brain interpreted Apply as made up app-maker startup domain name type thing. App.ly! Does Feedly have a web-based client? I'm looking for something to recommend to users at www.searchtempest.com. Many of them have never used (or even heard of) RSS before, so simplicity is key. It's really amazing how little attention the Google problem is getting so far. It seems like most people search, see some posts in the past few minutes and some in February, and totally miss the fact that there's nothing in-between! 'They' craigslist, or SearchTempest? I can't do anything about the former, but I might be able to for the latter! :) (Our blog, certainly, could use an overhaul, but there's never a time when I would prefer to do that than work on the site itself!) The most common reasons are that you want to search multiple cities at the same time, or that you want to use advanced logical operators. The nice thing about SearchTempest (in my obviously biased opinion) is that you can set a radius to only search nearby cities, rather than the shotgun approach of googling (or binging) everywhere. Looks like it's probably a bug: http://productforums.google.com/d/msg/websearch/p6VbIaBkbWA/... We do. First off, the reason that's happening is that Bing (and Google before it) indexes craigslist pages, but has no way of knowing immediately when a previously-existing page disappears. They obviously can't be continually spidering every single page on the site to see if it's still there, and while craigslist could notify search engines of deleted posts, they have no incentive to do so. Some searches tend to have more expired posts than others, but if you find they're a problem, we have a couple of alternatives. For searches across the whole country, the best option is RSS feeds. (Too bad 'RSS is dying' and all... ;) ) You can run any search on SearchTempest and click the 'Get Feeds for this search' link to grab an OPML file of all the craigslist results RSS feeds matching your search, within the search radius you specified. Import that file into a folder in your favorite RSS reader, and you've got a convenient, auto-updating feed of new results for your search, straight from craigslist. The other alternative is our Direct Results mode. Basically that just opens up two windows: one for the results from craigslist, and one as an index to flip through cities. So you only see results for one city at a time, but can quickly flip through them with the 'Next' link. Obviously that can take a while for searches across the whole country though, so we recommend it more for smaller searches. Basically just a small optimization compared to manually opening up and pasting a search into a few separate CL cities directly. More info here: http://www.searchtempest.com/faq.php#deleted Ya, I did. Was hoping I'd missed it somehow. Looks like it's just Chrome, Firefox, iOS and Android. Great for you or I, but not for many of my users unfortunately. I almost think that should be the site's tagline. And you're welcome. I actually built it back in 2006, but it's evolved a fair bit since then! Thanks again to Matt Cutts for the detailed explanation! Original post was here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5378697 I'd say the chances are approximately zero. Reader was a niche product with a user base orders of magnitude smaller than GMail. Do you have any evidence that gmail ads aren't effective? Or that the other information Google gleans from it isn't valuable? Besides, even if it were profitable, it would obviously be PR suicide to shut it down. Hackers care about RSS, and can easily find another reader. Everyone cares about gmail. I found that Smart Car bit in general pretty bang on! It's also interesting the things we take for granted now that were missed completely. One I noticed everywhere was wireless communication. (Plugging your key card in to the wall and the car rather than near field communication, plugging the iphone into the desk rather than just using bluetooth (or forget about the desk comp entirely and connect to the cloud), etc.) Edit: Actually, at the end he uses a remote control to turn off the lights and lock the doors... so I guess that's another example of failing to grok the implications! Still, interesting in general. Some of the things we don't have yet - like the high-tech schools - look like pretty clear areas for improvement. Although I do have a home robot that vacuums my floors... No. Did I say that? Hey, I own www.searchtempest.com and www.autotempest.com. And we're actually in Victoria, BC! I expect I could find something for you to do for a day or three if you're interested. Could even have lunch or something if you want to take the ferry over. Feel free to email me through one of our sites' contact pages. For the first issue, you might check out newsblur. Basically solves the clicking through to the original issue perfectly. The second I completely agree with you on. Even these cool readers that prioritize stuff you're most likely to read, by necessity, keep track of what's read and unread, and I get exactly that same itch that I need to stay on top of everything. It's completely artificial and almost ridiculous, but there it is. And I can't imagine how a reader could solve that problem without creating the even worse worry of missing things. (Which ironically evaporates when you don't use a reader and therefore no longer expect not to miss anything.) Perhaps there is a novel solution there though, waiting to be discovered. For the long version of this post, read Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People . Ah, just realized since craigslist sites are all subdomains on the same domain, they might well fit within the free limit for newsblur. Went to confirm that and found this: "Due to overwhelming demand, free accounts are temporarily suspended. By going premium you get full access to NewsBlur." Certainly understandable, but disappointing. What if you just want to use it as a reader and are happy with pasting in feed urls manually? I'm sure they will come out with a premium version or some such eventually. If you were Feedly would you really turn down the opportunity provided here just because you can't immediately monetize the new users? Not sure about .NET, but you have to prompt at load for Java. Your app can continue to run in a degraded manner if permissions are not granted however. Anyway, this is why it's a shame Feedly doesn't offer a non-extension version. One would hope it's something they have planned. Offer the extension for those who want the additional features and are ok with the permissions, and the web app for the rest (and for the convenience of access anywhere, cross-platform). As far as I can tell there's no way to import an OPML file, which is my entire use case. Am I missing it? Also just FYI, after signing up, I'm booted back to the sign-in form with no indication of whether the signup was successful or what; I actually assumed it had failed. Right, even removing that flaw would make it closer to two hours than 20 minutes (although half that to get in on average). Significantly less if you leave finger smudges on the keys though. That said, agreed with the above: anywhere someone fiddling with the lock for 20 minutes would go unnoticed, a brick would go unnoticed too. I highly doubt a car has even been stolen through hacking the keypad lock in this manner. Diversification and multiple pots seems like the best reasonable option. At the very least, one's investment portfolio should be internationally diversified. If you were really concerned, actually holding a portion of those assets in an offshore account might make sense. Regardless, rather than trying to protect all assets, the goal would be to maximize the chances that you would always be left with at least a sufficient amount. Yes, but aside from the word 'short', it fits perfectly. If parent can't remember any details, it's possible they misremembered the length. A tad off topic, but I'm hoping the fastest way to get an answer: How does one move or delete multiple feeds at once in newsblur? There must be a way to do this, right? Say I import 100 feeds from an OPML file, then realize I actually want them all in a folder. At the moment the only way I can figure out how to do that is to click on each feed, click move to folder, click the folder dropdown box, click the folder I want, click save. Times 100. Or I can save one click each by deleting them all then re-importing. But there must be a faster way. (In Google Reader settings, one could filter all folders with a keyword pattern, and bulk move.) Indeed, I have often wondered at the fact that elevator movements in most (all?) locations appear to be basically un-optimized, when it would clearly not be difficult to do so. If you don't have a business at all, its efficiency is somewhat irrelevant. Not all startups can bootstrap their way up from nothing; some do require initial capital. FYI, your right sidebar overlaps the footer when you scroll down. From the comments: "This question is becoming quite the rep factory." That pretty much sums it up! Hmm.. that would be helpful. Unfortunately it looks like there are some bugs to iron out. Twice in a row now, I've created a folder, then in the folder menu got to add feeds to that folder, imported an opml file, and... the folder disappears and the feeds go into the root. It's nearly infinitely divisible, so not really limited as a medium of exchange. Sounds like it already does kind of do that. From StavrosK above: "It maps multiple emails to the same identity, in that you use the same password to log in with all of them. The end site gets the email you log in to the site with (I can log in to Persona with email A but let all sites know email B every time." So based on that, if you want to expose three different identities to 3 different sites, you can set up Persona to do that automatically, without having to remember the separate emails and passwords you used for each one. I guess the only problem would be if you needed multiple separate logins to the same site, but unless it's your own site, presumably that should be rare. I have recently been converted to the joy of filling in credit card details (and address and phone number and...) with LastPass' form fill function. I previously had my CC details memorized for similar reasons, but I didn't realize just how much time I was wasting typing this stuff in over and over until it was magically done for me. And since security is what LastPass does , I have no problem with having their extension save my CC info in a secure manner. If a user returns relatively quickly they generally remember how they logged in. The problem is when they come back after some months. At that point, they've probably completely forgotten how they logged in, and have cleared their cookies for some reason or another. It's a standard troubleshooting suggested by many websites. (Not saying it should be so, but it is.) Here's a great comparison of the old and new fee structures: http://ebaystrategies.blogs.com/ebay_strategies/2013/03/part... While it does probably amount to an increase overall, there are certainly plenty of situations where the fees will be lower. And without doubt, they are now far simpler than before, which is important. Being able to quickly determine what it will cost to sell an item on eBay may well make casual sellers more likely to do so, even if they end up paying slightly more on average than with the complex rules. My thoughts exactly. This looks like a less feature-rich Yahoo Pipes. Plus, Pipes has YQL as a fallback for even more advanced operations. Perhaps it wins on simplicity for new users? Yahoo Pipes is pretty simple though. Agree with you there. Presumably eBay is looking for more volume of the smaller stuff, which would fit with the theme of strengthening competition with Amazon. For the larger stuff, they don't have as strong a competitor (outside local options like craigslist), so they probably figure they can afford to boost their margins, and bundling it in with a 'simplification' and cuts elsewhere is a convenient time to do it. You could get a quick start worldwide by accepting Bitcoin, then add alternate payment methods later. While I agree that the result in this case was extreme, it seems that the article does point out the distinction, which is whether the person behind the tech is directly aware that it will be used for . In this particular case, I could see how there's a strong argument that he was. I mean, when he saw the $800k, honestly, he _did_ know it was related to drugs. He made the choice to continue. Should he have been charged as a conspirator and ultimately sentenced to 24 years? Not in my opinion! But he wasn't completely blameless either. Exactly, this. Creating Tor is like the general practice of building these traps as a business. Traps have both legal and illegal uses, and you have no way of knowing what will happen with each trap after you build it. No problem there. The problem is when that service is provided directly to someone known to be using it for an illegal purpose. In the case of Tor, it is not provided directly to anyone, but rather available freely to everyone. Now, say Tor came with home installations of the client, and the client mentions to the installer that now he's got a great way to buy drugs anonymously on SR. That would be a problem. "Or the clothes that you are wearing, it could be created for smothering people..." It's not about whether it could be created for smothering people. If you're a tailor, and someone says to you, "I need a special kind of jacket with a loop like this that I can use to strangle people with,"* and you make that for them, then yes, you are liable when they indeed use it for that purpose! As for who decides whether the creator knew it would be used for an illegal purpose, that would be the jury. If before there was an internet, a terrorist group approached a technologist and described a network that they required to better organize terror plots, then YES, that person should be held accountable for the uses the group puts it to, even if it eventually has positive consequences as well. On the other hand, if a person makes and distributes anything, dangerous or not, with a legitimate use case in mind, they should absolutely be held blameless if it is then used by someone else to commit a crime. *Assuming of course that a "reasonable person" would actually believe the person was indeed going to do that, since it comes across as pretty bizarre... The question is whether a "reasonable person" would believe the money was related to illegal activity. While he may have not known so beyond any doubt, my opinion is that a reasonable person would believe so, based on the money and the actions of the truck's owners. And in fact, Anaya himself admitted that he had suspicious about its origin. Only if the cryptographers provide their tools or services directly to people they believe to be using them for illegal purposes. If they simply provide them freely to everyone, it is no problem, since there are obviously perfectly legitimate uses for cryptography as well. IF a handgun maker (or distributor) sells a gun to someone who they know or have strong reason to suspect will use that gun to commit a crime, then YES, they should be held accountable. Ditto for all those other examples. Otherwise, they're fine. If they have no idea what a person will do with the gun, that's ok. In this case, according to the jury (likely influenced by a prosecution that was superior in quality to the defense, yes), Anaya DID have reason to believe that his product would be used in an illegal act, and therefore he should not have provided it. And indeed, the jury got it right there, because he himself admits that he believed, or at least strongly suspected, that the F150 trap was used for illegal activity. Again, I'm not saying that the punishment was in any way reasonable; just that the maker of any sort of tool should indeed be held accountable if they provide that tool specifically for illegal use. Wow. Indeed, that's a pretty clear pattern. Looks like she spends her time looking for ridiculous things to get deeply offended by. Glad I saw this. We've got a team of three at SearchTempest and have been communicating almost entirely by email and gchat thus far. Have been meaning to try something a bit more feature rich for a while. Was planning to check out Google Hangouts, but HipChat sounds ideal. Will give it a look. I think there are a few different issues here. First off, I agree with you that to be charged with conspiracy as Anaya was - in other words, to be equally responsible as if he had committed the crime himself, a more specific awareness should be required. However, I do believe that it should not simply be OK to provide a tool to someone in full knowledge that they will use it to commit a crime. Perhaps more granularity needs to exist in the law for these cases. (Or maybe it even does exist, but was not well applied in this case, possibly due to a poor defense. IANAL.) Finally, there is the issue of arbitrary and unjust laws concerning technology. I do not disagree with you there at all, but it is a separate issue. It doesn't make sense to say, "It's OK to help people break laws, but only the unjust ones." Instead, the unjust laws themselves should be challenged. Obviously I don't like to see anyone go to jail due to an unjust law, but that doesn't mean that other laws should be distorted to work around it. I've had one break exactly once over many years of use. As far as I can tell, there was nothing special about that time. So less than 2% in my case anyway, but not zero. 2% is low enough though that I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who have had zero breaks just due to randomness. Are there many porns that have 3-4 hour continuous takes? If not, there's nothing stopping them from replacing condoms between shots. I highly doubt most pornos are shot like reality TV. I assume it was intended to be sarcastic. If so, I would point out that better condoms -> more people wearing condoms -> less spread of disease and fewer unwanted pregnancies. Good things in Western Civilization, but even more important in developing countries. For prototype condoms, or in general? Presumably they would stress test in a simulated environment, as well as perform human tests with participants who do not require them to be effective. (IE using alternate methods of birth control and having been screened for STIs.) I would imagine they would use volunteers in committed relationships. Or are you asking specifically how one would go about testing a condom's effectiveness? OK, but what stops them from daily performing a mirror clone, checking it for consistency, then backing that up? As mentioned in the linked update, 30 complete backups would consume only 900GB, so you could keep weeks of daily backups, plus weekly and/or monthlies going back much further, for a terabyte of space. That way, in the worst case, you could go back to a backup before the corruption began. Obviously you would want to have plenty of safeguards in place so that that never happened, but just in case , it's good to have an honest to goodness backup too. PG investigated the same concept in more detail in this essay: http://www.paulgraham.com/swan.html That reminds me of a little experiment I did on omegle.com (text chat site). I asked random people this question: "Say you win a lottery, and as your prize you can either have $1M, or a (true) random amount between zero and $5M. Which would you choose?" Perhaps unsurprisingly, everyone picked the guaranteed million. What did surprise me was that changing the $5M to $50M still resulted in around 90% taking the $1M, and at no amount could I get a majority of people to choose the random option. At a guaranteed $1M versus zero to $100B, it was split about 50/50. Apparently even a one thousandth of a percent chance of earning less than $1M is enough for many people to "play it safe". Either that or 50% of people don't understand basic math. ;) Exactly. I mean, I assume people operated under the assumption that the risk was non-transferrable, so I can see the logic in taking $1M over 0-5. You're giving up some expected value in order to reduce risk. Especially when you take into account the diminishing marginal value of money, especially around the low to mid millions, it makes some sense. What doesn't, as you say, is considering a random amount between zero and 100 billion dollars in any way risky compared to $1M. You're probably more likely to take the $1M then to be struck by lighting than you are to take the random option and end up with less. (And even THEN, ending up with $900k isn't the end of the world, so the odds are even lower of a really unfortunate outcome.) So you're giving up an absolutely massive expected value in order to avoid a truly miniscule risk. This is risk-aversion at its most ridiculous IMO. They sure were big on flight and diving back in 1900-1910, weren't they? Understandable that flight was the most futuristic technology conceivable at the time, but I was surprised to see all the underwater stuff (although in retrospect it makes sense for the same reason). Makes me excited to think just how unbelievable 2100 will be from today's perspective. Or, with exponential growth of technology, say 2040. You really can't extrapolate, because it's the completely new things that will be really revolutionary. (Is that redundant?) But also, I find it pretty hard to imagine building a successful technical startup in this manner. Not saying there's no value to non-technical founders, but alone? How do you evaluate the quality of the outsourced work? Yes, this is what I was thinking. Obviously you don't have to know everything, but having at least a basic background seems valuable. Even knowing how to code I find it's hard enough to find good developers, especially freelance. Also, and perhaps most importantly, when I find a minor bug in my app, I can fix it myself and push an update immediately. If I relied on freelance developers, well, crap, it's Good Friday. So very least I'm waiting a few days. And then maybe my developer isn't available to drop everything and work on my project on Monday (or Tuesday)... One of the primary advantages of startups is their ability to react and adapt quickly; running a technical startup alone, without a technical background, appears to give up some of that advantage. I agree that the word 'technical' is somewhat of a meaningless catch-all. If I were starting a restaurant, I would want to know how to cook. To start an auto shop, I'd want some mechanical skill; a clothing boutique, some knowledge of fashion; and a software startup... the ability to code. Of course there are other skills - management, marketing, sales, etc. - that would also be helpful. But as a sole founder, while not critical, it seems extremely useful to have some degree of competence in the primary area of work for your business. In fact, were I planning to start a software company without yet knowing how to code, I think my first step would be to learn enough to build the alpha version (or depending on scope, a core component thereof) myself. Not only is having a specific goal the best way to learn, it would likely result in all kinds of insights into the planned business that just couldn't be gained by farming it out. (In fact, that's exactly what I did with SearchTempest, before eventually hiring a far better developer than myself! :) ) Exactly. Mapping it to another key makes way more sense than just disabling it entirely. To enable caps lock on the iPhone (which only has one shift), use the 'Enable caps lock' option in Settings/General/Keyboard. Then you can double-tap shift to turn on caps lock. I basically never use CL on a regular PC, since it's easier to just hold shift while you type the word most of the time. On an iPhone though, it's actually pretty useful at times. If the code is crap, that might explain why it gets thrown away over and over. In my experience, if code is well-written, it should pretty much always be possible to update, revamp, pivot, etc. Rewriting from scratch (especially repeatedly!) is a waste of time that a startup can't afford. Reminds me of this Joel Spolsky essay: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html The focus being on people does not preclude writing good code. Reminds me of my grade 10 computer science teacher. This was in 1996, coding in qbasic iirc. Anyway, he was biiiiig on comments. Consistently the only marks lost on my submissions were for insufficient comments. But these grade 10 assignments were pretty simplistic. I mean, if the assignment is to print the numbers 1 to 10 on the screen, wtf are you supposed to comment? I eventually got a perfect score by inline commenting every fucking line of the program. Glad to see the article make the distinction between well written, well commented code, and over-commented code. Not once through high school or university was I taught the basic concept of 'comment the why '; the what should be self-explanatory. Very much agree with this. It seems like a sort of analysis paralysis that specifically affects some programmers. Reminds me of a HN post a while back actually by someone who was passionate about building games, but ended up generalizing into building game engine tools, then graphical tools, etc., eventually spending years building ever more general tools, without making any real progress toward his true goal. You can write your code with modularity in mind, without necessarily having to completely decouple and generalize everything. Once it becomes sufficiently beneficial for a particular module, the refactoring then shouldn't be too onerous. (Regardless, this 'beautiful code checklist' is fantastic.) Except for the one day a year bit, which is key. In fact, to all spammers: you can send me all the spam you want before noon on April 1, if you in turn agree to not send me any spam any other day of the year. That is an extremely cool idea. Why worry about setting the exchange rate yourself when you can let the market do it for you! Server's overloaded. Cached version here: https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:pSYnpq... Or put a chair or stool out in front of you and rest one leg on it. Try to take as much weight as possible with your arms, basically just resting your leg on the chair as opposed to actively pushing off against it. As your arms get stronger you'll naturally use the chair less until you can remove it entirely. Also nice to essentially do a pull-up strip set. (Get a few extra pull-ups in when your muscles are fatigued and can no longer lift your whole weight.) Hydrogen and Oxygen compress though, and are combined into water in the station's fuel cells. Note that he's not suggesting adding an acronym to his replies . He's suggesting adding VSRE to emails you send to someone if you expect they may be busy, and you only require a short reply. If they have time and feel like writing you a long reply anyway, no harm done, but if they recognize the acronym, they can go ahead and send you a quick note. I already do something like this regularly, but since there's no existing shorthand, it generally means adding something like, "I'm sure you must be busy, so if you literally want to just send a one or two word reply, that's no problem! Cheers." If there were a universally-known way to say that in 4 characters, it would make things a bit easier when both parties are busy. That said, you could also just use a macro to add the above to an email. The closest parallel to the OP's suggestion that comes to mind is adding (nt) to the subject line of an email if there is no text, saving the reader the time of opening the body of the email. (Although this is made obsolete by most modern email programs, which show previews.) That's a great point. While I can't see this catching on in the wider world, it could certainly be used in a small team, say at a startup. In fact, I think I'm going to pass it on to the other two devs on my team right now! My understanding was that the whole point of VSRE is to be respectful of your time. The idea is simply to let you know that there's no need to write them a long reply if you don't have the time. You're still welcome to do so if you wish. How is that disrespectful? Perhaps the acronym should've been something like VSRA (Accepted), or SROK (Short Reply OK) instead. Mass, yes, but saving volume is also beneficial. Is Xrecruting.com a typo in the blog post, or in the domain actually registered? No. For one thing, this ruling simply dealt with copyright claims. If you scrape a site you are subject to their terms of service, most of which prohibit scraping. So there would be contract and possibly even CFAA claims to deal with. Also, the specific reason the copyright claims were dismissed in this case is that craigslist does not have an exclusive license on its posts. If Hacker News' terms exclusively license comments (which I doubt, but I haven't checked), that would make this particular ruling less relevant. It is also possible that the comments' authors could make claims against you, should they wish to do so. Exactly. There was also speculation that they realized it could open them up to liability for the content of posts, which obviously they would not want. I don't know, but I suspect that they can. If I own some data, I should be able to give (or sell) it to you and not to someone else. That said, once I've given it to you, if you choose to give it to someone else, I have no claim against that someone (although I might against you, depending on our contract). That's the heart of 3taps' position as I understand it; they get craigslist post data from third party sources like search engines, instead of scraping craigslist, and so do not have a contract with craigslist. Keep in mind, from the judgement, section II Legal Standard: In determining facial plausibility, whether a complaint states a plausible claim is a “context-specific task that requires the reviewing court to draw on its judicial experience and common sense.” Id. at 679. Allegations of material fact are taken as true and construed in the light most favorable to the non-moving party. http://3taps.com/images/pics/430_138734862-Judge-rules-in-fa... So essentially these findings are made while reading all facts in the best possible light for craigslist. So it's not necessarily saying, for example, that the compilation is copyrightable - just that it is conceivable that it could be. Yes, you're right. What I meant to say was that only the copyright claims were ruled on, but even that is not strictly accurate. (And in fact, a conspiracy claim was also dismissed, so doubly inaccurate.) To clarify, my meaning was that among the various potential legal impediments to scraping and displaying website contents, this judgement would set precedent for copyright only, if anything. Possibly, but it wouldn't have the benefit of being 100% legal, as voidnull's solution appears to be. Also if Wordpress were to discover your fake info they might take your site down. This is what I had in mind; good old CFAA. Ditto for entering false info in moneygram. (Not commenting on whether these things should be illegal.)