What about Atom? Isn't it better than RSS? "The compiler did not have a bug. The compiler never had a bug. The bug was always in the programmer's code and usually in their understanding of the language... It was caused by a misunderstanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions were automatically promoted..." - I'd say the bug is neither in the compiler nor in their understanding of the language but in the language itself then. Why on Earth do we need a language that we can't use safely without "understanding of the way arguments to unprototyped functions are automatically promoted"? IMHO the number-one principle to be followed in every sane language design is the "principle of least surprise" (POLA). If the language can surprise you easily and lets you write weird code that is going to work a way different from what one will probably assume intuitively - that's a language made wrong. Who needs Google when thee is DuckDuckGo anyway? Switched to DuckDuckGo (after getting mad of Google demanding me to solve captchas all the time) about a year ago... 100% satisfied. Whether it's about a student loan or some other kind ow loan, how exactly are people supposed to pay with their professional licenses suspended? Isn't this policy purely nonsensical? Doesn't suspending such a license in such a case mean preventing the person from ever repaying the debt actually? Isn't it in the best interests of a creditor to help their debtors earn money rather than to prevent them from earning? Thanks. This way it makes at least some sense. But isn't it a way too brutal and still a way irrational from the society point of view? Effectively ridding a skilled person of a life, setting them broke and probably homeless as the result at the same time while funding other peoples welfare and undertaking all kinds of efforts to solve homelessness and joblessness problems on the other hand? I believe that legal barriers restricting qualified people's working rights are the next big thing ought to be abolished after slavery has been. Hopefully in future every person that actually can and wants to do a job will be legally allowed to apply, no matter what. Are current Intel GPUs really this bad? What are the app stores other than Apple? I didn't know they can block an app from Google Play for a particular country. Used to think it's an Apple-specific antifeature. The whole phenomenon of sugar and fructose being added to virtually everything is beyond comprehension. There are so many people, fat and slim, saying they don't want to be fat, yet eating foods with added sugar every day. Why not just replace all the added sugar with erythritol, for example? The whole situation with sugar reminds me of the situation with opium in early 19th century China How are these compared to Purism? I have always been curious if all the people saying they don't like 3D actually experience the discomfort they describe or just want to look fancy like old wine geeks. I myself have watched just 2 movies in 3D: Avatar and Resident Evil: Afterlife - both of them looked visually awesome and caused absolutely no discomfort to me. I would certainly love to watch Interstellar and Blade Runner 2049 in 3D, that's a huge pity that's not possible. IMHO all the people who claim having intelligence and education sufficient for a finance job should be able to use at least basic SQL and/or R and/or Q to work with up-to-date information straight from the databases without importing it to a spreadsheet first. Perhaps I am terribly wrong but my intuition suggests entrusting a company finance to a person unable to learn some SQL/R may happen to be a questionable idea. "Everyone talks about trying to create a new type of programming environment, something intuitive and visual and that lets you think in new and creative ways. Excel is exactly that" - yes, it is, except it is a way too old already though all the notable competitors seem dedicating all the efforts to reproducing its legacy as closely as possible. I'd love to see an attempt to design a brand-new spreadsheet from scratch, built around a modern programming language (like Python instead of fossil VBA), modern practical file formats (like HDF5 and SQLite instead of obscure and clumsy xls, xlsx and ods) and all the experience and advances in the UX science accumulated during the recent years. Good news are some projects are heading this way already, e.g. pyspread and jamovi (they can hardly be taketn too serious at this moment but at least they illustrate there are people that see the problems of "classic" spreadhseets and have viable ideas on solving them). Hasn't the world just agreed on migrating to USB-C for everything? > How do you mean it's "way too old already" I mean many obvious ways it can be improved have been discovered during the time passed. Although it obviously makes no sense to give up the whole thing just because it has been introduced long ago it still is not a bad idea to consider minor and major improvements or even rethinking the whole idea occasionally. We could still be using good old typewriters/teletypes if the fact they worked was stopping us from thinking about inventing tools to do the same job with less labour and more fun. Although the idea sounds intriguing for numeric data processing, the site looks suspicious and the article won't open. > Get the following datapoints from any IP address; Again :-( I just wonder if people will ever stop making assumptions about others given their IP address or hair colours and divide the Internet on these slippery grounds. The only legitimate and valid way to determine the client's location automatically is the browser or the OS geolocation API, and for the language it is the HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE header. The fact I have contacted your server from an IP address assigned to a Chinese ISP neither means I'm in China nor that I speak Chinese. Both of these are redundant as long as there is the country code already included in the API response object. If the geolocation api doesn't give anything - that probably means the user has chosen to configure it this way because they don't want to share their location. You should probably ask them in case you actually need to know where they are. If there isn't one (which is rather improbable - AFAIK all the browsers have it set by default), then it should be either English or both English and the language assumed given the IP address. This can be considered a reasonable way when it's about statistics rather than about an individual user experience. Usually right because people from these countries are trying to evade location-based discrimination and privacy infringement Hackers should really be writing more books for kinds. Not only about programming but about "life, the universe and everything" too - I wish there were an introduction into understanding myself, life, the society and other stuff written by a likely-minded person available to read when I was a kid. By the way, it would be nice to also include ISO 3166-2 state code (e.g. US-AL for Alabama, AU-TAS for Tasmania, TZ-26 for Manyara etc). I have once heard a beautiful song in a local swimming pool. I've shazamed and googled it just to find the only place it was available from being Audiosparx - a site I've never heard about before that time, seeming kind of an "audio clip-art" store, titled as "commercial music for video, TV, film and media". Great news! Could someone also introduce some legislation to neutralise FCC's requirement for WiFi router manufacturers to block custom firmwares plese? Doesn't he have a tech advisor of a sort who could possibly explain him the thing so he won't make comments this funny? Wow! So dark... I have always believed ALL the BlueTooth connections are encrypted strongly too. And this is why I thought BlueTooth keyboards are safe while common non-BT wireless keyboards can be easily sniffed by a neighbour. Does it make sense to start learning EcmaScript today? More and more people are migrating to TypeScript as the coding language, WebAssembly has arrived to replace JavaScript as the browser native language other languages will compile to. Isn't EcmaScript going to become legacy soon? I'm actually curious, seriously, not trolling. What does "demonetization" mean anyway? It's the second time I read about "demonetization" and I still don't get it what does this mean at all. I've just went by the link (never visited that site before) and it says "THIS REQUEST HAS BEEN RATE LIMITED You're making too many requests to our servers from this computer..." immediately. No. From home. And every time I try - I see this error message only. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTk6m3U54po Content is the new oil, isn't it? A friend of mine once told me that swimming in Thames would be a serious mistake as its water is poisonous. Are the neonicotinoids the reason or are there other dangerous chemicals too? We, the people with ADHD are always annoyed by them, people writing 25-page-long articles and we are also very jealous of others capability to read them :-) What degree of privacy can it actually offer? This is amazing. IMHO Ubuntu, Elementary, OSX and other OSes that are trying to be practical, easy and pleasurable to use out of the box should offer this by default, together with tldr.sh. Really? I could never find it. Perhaps you've got an extension of a sort installed. Nice idea anyway, I'll give it a try, thanks! I doubt it sounds great but maybe the things have actually improved since the last time I've tried a text-to-speech tool. Although the article somewhat exaggerates the problem and in fact REST is great for many applications, truth is (IMHO) REST is indeed overrated and the RPC style (don't confuse it with SOAP!) is over-vilified in the IT culture. In so many (though far not in all of them) cases a concise JSON-RPC API would be a much more elegant solution than REST. I believe this is a great example of where the "right tool for the job" principle should be applied rather than a buzzword cult. Many comments here emphasize on the problem of developers expecting RPC functions to be as reliable as local functions are. Well, that's their own problem, IMHO. The only appropriate solution is to remind them they are doing it wrong, e.g. the same way REST gurus use to remind everybody they are doing REST wrong. In fact there is a huge number of "developers" around who just invoke all the file system, database and network (REST, RPC, SOAP or whatever) calls synchronously, don't validate inputs nor outputs and don't even wrap the calls in try/catch (believe me, I used to support a fairly popular API and had to explain this stuff to just soooo many people complaining about their apps hanging or panicking on occasions when our REST API quirks (e.g. a field is missing from the response) or fails). I am actually very sad IceWeasel has been discontinued. We the people really need a community-maintained reasonably up-to-date no-nonsence (without hidden extensions built-in, proprietary stuff hard-coded, legacy features (like Java plug-in - my government still requires me to use it!) force-disabled, random stuff testing etc.) version of Firefox IMHO. Perhaps. But does it incorporate the recent improvements that make Firefox fast again (this is an important part of what I mean under "reasonably up-to-date")? I don't think so. What if a person has no addiction but just enjoys a joint (or even some cocaine) on occasion, i.e. like other people can enjoy a beer or two at times without being alcoholics? Are they still going to force them through treatment or what? > How to make a political program out of anarchism? Just give up radicalizing it. Accept the society AS IS as a starting point and start stripping the state of its powers and ambitions one by one. Read through the laws, legalize everything that can be legalized fairly safely (e.g. legalize drugs but don't hurry to legalize private atomic weapons :-)) at particular stage, remove requirements that are not really necessary (e.g. repeal copyrights enforcement but keep net neutrality). It is crucial to implement this process in a mindful and responsible way, i.e. avoiding dissolution of government institutions that do an important job and have no decent private alternatives established to the moment or repealing regulations that are there to limit the powers of corporations (which will certainly seek to establish tyranny over the nation as soon as the forces binding them weaken). > We reject all societal processes that break that link — such as private property, exchange relations, division of labor, and democracy. This is a way too radical idea that can hardly be considered constructive or viable. There can be no hope for a society anything close to real to survive and prosper with no body of power over them unless all its members respect property and interests, safety and privacy, freedom and dignity of other members the way they would like others to respect those of their own. Also division of labor is an absolutely natural thing, goods and services are to be subjects of free market, it is perfectly correct for a doctor to concentrate on healing people and expect the people to care about his needs in exchange so he won't waste time e.g. cultivating foods to feed his family. The ultimate goal is not to destroy the system. It is to make every individual as free (keeping in mind that security is a precondition to freedom) as possible without infringing freedom of their neighbour, to decentralize and distribute power as uniformly as possible (while still letting and encouraging experts to make important decisions) and to establish Nash equilibrium so only minor fluctuations will occur and nobody will be able to gain enough power to become the new tyrant. The first time I've seen an ORM I was fascinated by this seemingly beautiful idea. But I have quickly realized that it's almost useless in real life projects, plain old SQL seems just much much better. Now I don't understand why would anybody use an ORM actually. Also, basic SQL can be easily taught in as little as 10 minutes (I have been initially taught it at middle school during MS Office Query, Access and VBA class). An image of a programmer that can't use SQL (I don't mean advanced cases which can indeed be a bit tricky but these are far beyond the powers of any ORMs anyway) seems really bizarre to me. Sure. I mean in all the real life projects I've seen from the inside, using ORM instead of SQL felt like roaming a forest on a gyroboard. > Traits: Extraversion, Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Stability, Openness Obviously these traits can change. Although for extraversion it is questionable (extraversion is not a merit, it's more like a gender kind of a "trait"), development of agreeableness, conscientiousness, stability and openness is what defines a character maturity of adult/adolescent person. Why eat iodized salt? Wy not just take iodine supplement or just eat kelp? Or iodize some other foods perhaps? By the way I could never understand why do people add salt to everything, I personally don't like it much. Also, isn't it supposed cause cardiovascular health issues? Seriously? Do you mean real table salt (sodium chloride) will do this or just kidding (yes, I have read, watched and played Dune, all of them)? If yes, can potassium chloride do the same? Cool info, thanks! I didn't knew taking actual iodine solution like Lugol's is safe but now I'm going to explore this (though I am still not sure it's a good idea - isn't it better to take potassium and sodium iodides and/or iodates?). BTW I have started taking 1125 mg (300% RDA) of magnesium a day about a month ago (still taking) and it has changed my life instantly: almost cured chronic fatigue, sleep disorders and a heart condition I have had since childhood (but as soon as I stop taking this much and try lower doses it comes back). I don't add any salt to my meals (I mostly cook at home and rarely eat in restaurants) because of 2 factors: 1. I don't actually want it (with some exceptions, I don't find salted foods any tastier than unsalted) 2. As a child I was taught salt is extremely bad for health. This means, provided salt is actually necessary for health, I am certainly not getting enough. At the same time I find my heart (which has always been quirky, since my very childhood) working notably better if I supplement Potassium Chloride (which tastes almost exactly the same as Sodium Chloride to me, I can hardly tell any difference in taste even if I compare pharmaceutical grade samples). So the question is: do I really need to start eating common salt (sodium chloride) or can I just supplement potassium chloride on regular basis? Does the body really need sodium or is potassium a reasonable replacement (provided I drink a good amount of water every day too)? Isn't it anti-net-neutrality? Is it ok to build it into a major browser? I actually block all the tracking, malware, ads, social networks, fraud, gambling, porn (except a couple of porn sites I like :-)) etc domains I could find information about but this is my personal conscious choice, I have manually installed extensions for this and built the lists. Shouldn't other people do the same themselves too if they choose to or leave everything as is if they don't actually feel they need to change anything? From the practical point of view, I am afraid the trackers will respond a way if such a move is made on such a global level. Nobody was fighting AdBlock+ when it was only used by geeks and now as is it has gained so much attention there are a lot of sites that won't work if you use AdBlock+. Introducing te "do-not-track" header was a great idea but it has been completely ruined by major browsers turning it on by default so the trackers have legitimately chosen to ignore it. What I am asking about is scientific knowledge about whether or not potassium supplement usually lowers the amount of sodium the body needs to function healthily Simple as this. You would understand the fact you have to rely on yourself, science and peers' experience and knowledge more than on doctors if you were an immigrant grown up in a "2.5th world" country living in a "2nd world" one very-very low on money rather than a middle-class citizen of the USA ;-) To make it easier to understand I can say I rarely meet the same doctor more than twice, they are rarely brilliant or motivated and they use to make mutually-opposite claims on life-critical matters. The problem with legal movies are DRM, vendor/device lock-in, forced ads, regional policies etc. You can just download a pirated movie as a plain MP4/MKV/AVI file in the language you want (not necessarily the official language of your region) and the quality you want (some people like 30+ gib HDs, many prefer 5 of less gib per movie) and play it forever everywhere, including unsupported platforms (namely huge number of TVs and no-name set-top-boxes with USB ports, old PCs with exotic OSes etc). This (besides visiting cinemas, these 2 things don't really affect each other, people often do both for the same movie) is what almost everybody does in the eastern Europe. People don't really mind to pay some bucks for a movie/song/book/etc. but nobody in sane mind wants the crap I've mentioned in the first paragraph. Sell plain DRM-free standard-format multilingual downloadable files for humble prices (under $5 per movie) and you'll have almost all the audience pirate sites attract. > If the language of your account is set to something other than English, it unlocks subtitles and dubs for that language that you wouldn't normally have access to. Thank you for the hint, but don't you think this is a way ridiculous? Why can't people that prefer English UI (e.g. I do, although it's neither my native language nor the official language of the country I've moved to, I am fluent in all the three but am interested in content in other languages too and I always strongly prefer all the apps UIs to be in English) access content in other languages? Yes! This is another one I've forgotten to mention. And there also are many old and exotic movies/songs/books/games that aren't legally available anywhere. How does it solve the synchronization problems by the way? It's not always easy to find a subtitles file that will match the particular version of the movie second-by-second. > It can be built with gcc and clang Again... I understand many will argue but I also believe many will agree: we are to start phasing out C and write modern OSes in safe languages like Rust, Haskell, Go, Crystal etc. Because code written in C is almost guaranteed to be vulnerable. C has done its job when the hardware was slow and low on memory, electronic data was rarely life-important and when there were no languages and compilers that could be used as alternatives but that time has ended and now we are to consider different priorities. Is this about religion again? Or what exactly are they hated for? Can't service providers just offer completely ad-free experience to those willing to pay the price that would make this kind of subscriptions commercially viable? Why arrest them at all? They are so funny and ridiculous. Those whom they can scam are doomed anyway, the only way to possibly help them is to gain legal guardianship over them and filter their mail before it reaches them. What about HN/Reddit/whatever F5-ing disorder? :-) What I can't understand is why do people demonize Ponzi Schemes so much while lotteries and bookies of all kinds are legally available on every corner. I know quite a number of people who have consciously taken the risk of investing in an open (so I can't logically agree it being scam/fraud/etc although legal authorities can insist it is) Ponzi Scheme and have quit it with rather serious profit some time later. And I don't know anybody who has ever won more than a couple of bucks in a lottery. In my opinion a Ponzi Scheme (unless the potential investors are actually told a false claim that it is not a Ponzi Scheme but a low-risk high-profit enterprise) is not a scam but a game, similar to fishing, and even much more nice to people than classic chance games played in casinos. Why not just teach people basics of risk management, warn them 3 times and let them play if they want to? IMHO the one and only thing a government is to do to protect the people from Ponzi and other schemes is to make sure everybody leaves school with conscious knowledge of the following: 1. Every investment is a risk, you may win or you may loose. 2. The chance of loss is usually proportional to the potential profitability estimated. 3. Never invest what you can't afford to loose easily. 4. Don't be mad on the friend who has introduced you to the business if he didn't explicitly guarantee you will win - that was your choice. 5. Whoever says there is no risk and the success is guaranteed - lies, don't believe them and don't rely on them. Actually, if a person doesn't know this by the time they finish the school the time they've spent there has probably been wasted. As for me I've learnt about Ponzi scheme from a Khan Academy lecture (and yes, my time at school was a waste mostly, that's a pity there was no Khan Academy back in those years). So, is calling 311 the only way to report on such an important yet simple (not really requiring verbal explanation nor personal data about the witness) subject? I would never call a telephone unless the rats or whatever were actually threatening a life and I were sure I can't manage on my own. C'mon, it's 2018, people are using apps (anonymously if possible) and texting each other, if somebody actually calls me I expect them to be either dying or trying to sell me something I don't need! Why not just make an app that lets you take a picture and send it with a timestamp and the location data (and nothing else) embedded straight to the server? Let me be that dumb guy at the party that will ask: what exactly is "planetary scale application" supposed to mean? Search engines seem to fail finding a definition. > HTML is a pain for things that aren't documents. Indeed it is but there seem to be no relevant alternative. The only thing that is better [for apps] is XAML (WPF) but it is Windows-only. Aren't browser plugins considered a deprecated technology already? The latest versions of the major browsers won't even let you run Java applets AFAIK, everything is forced to go entirely web-native (compile to HTML+CSS+JavaScript/wasm) and I'm not sure whether that's good or bad so far... Obviously, where we are going is just exposing all the system resources (like file systems, GPUs, USB ports etc) to JavaScript/wasm APIs and replacing the whole GUI stack (X/whatevr, WM, etc) with just a browser. A browser is just a cross-OS compatibility layer now (and this is quite cool as you can now run considerably exotic OSes like Haiku or Solaris and use almost all the stuff other reople do). I have also heard ChromeOS is probably going to replace Android at some point. Sounds reasonable. Why don't people use it then? Are there any frameworks already available so one won't have to invent a GUI toolkit from scratch? Xamarin.Forms is cool but still doesn't work on Linux so it seems the same story as XAML to me - cool but of little use, unlike to HTML which is less cool but absolutely useful as it works everywhere. JavaFX - doesn't work on mobiles/tablets (there was a prototype in 2011, seemingly abandoned), sadly it seems to be about as dead as Flash and Silverlight now. As for QML - search results suggest it works everywhere but still hardly a popular choice for some reason, worth taking a closer look perhaps (but I still doubt it can compare to HTML as using Qt means producing binary builds for every platform to support AFAIK). Yet another 80386 on steroids with no 64-bit and no SSE or a real modern CPU capable of running all the today OSes and apps efficiently? Whatever they claim, in the present time reality the RC (Taiwan) and the PRC are 2 distinct independent countries that are not going to re-unite any soon. "Believing" any of the 2 just doesn't make much sense. Is speculative execution actually worth it? Can't compilers do the job and optimize execution sufficiently so we won't need speculative execution? Anyway, "caches of any sort" sounds frightening: I can remember disabling all the caches on Pentium-3 to make it about as slow as 80386 so some ancient games that can't run on fast CPUs would run ok and be playable. Also, as far s I understand, the division has began as a conflict of 2 political parties - the leftists (CPC) and the rightists (Kuomintang) that has escalated into a civil war. And as the result each party now controls its part of what was once meant to be a single country and claims the right to rule both. What makes me curious is why can't 2 parties just control their parts the way they do in Taiwan and PRC but do it peacefully and without nonsensical claims when the people of one part are more sympathetic to one and the people of the other part are more sympathetic to the other. Why is it so important to have one party to rule them all, including those who doesn't want it? I just wonder when will this nonsense ("banks saying no") end and when a financial system at least as free as cash and as quick and convenient as just using debit cards emerge. It seems that we have came to a point when we need to separate banking from state and police the way church has gotten separated from them earlier. That's a pity BitCoin has failed to do this. Hopefully Monero or something new will succeed once and set the people free... Why exactly would a rightist government attack pot business? It's business and rightists are supposed to be pro-business and anti-regulation, are they not? Is this effort just actually backed by alcohol industry giants sponsored lobbyists or what? Then who exactly are these people who vote this? Seriously curious. By the way, what is the status of addressing the Meltdown and Spectre vulnerabilities in OpenWRT/LEDE at affected platforms? One of the sad things is that people willing to just get a no-nonsense DRM-free MP3 of a years-old song they like for personal use (and sharing with a friend perhaps) are considered the same with those willing to get and even sell original stuff before it's even released. > businesses can be legal in states while being illegal under federal law It still sounds a way ridiculous for a thing to be legal and illegal at the same time. There ought to be a non-ambiguous mechanism to decide whether a business is legal or not. As long as the feds let the states decide on their own they shouldn't consider something to be a crime as long as it is done in a state where it is legal. E.g. pot money from Colorado should be considered perfectly clean while pot money from Idaho can be treated as criminal. Doesn't this make sense? > Banking is heavily regulated for a reason (terrorist financing Doesn't seem to help much, terrorists still get everything they need. Cool! Why exactly did it take so long BTW? (not complaining, just curious about the hard parts). Although the first computer I've used was a ZX Spectrum I was too young to program it at the time and have never had time to actually revisit it later. About a decade later (that was the epoch of Windows XP and Ubuntu already) I had a dream of running Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS on it, developing text-mode pseudographical winforms-like apps (clones of Total Commander and Excel :-)). Ever since then I have been passively curious about whether it actually is hard or not and why nobody actually tries this (isn't the GUI alone actually a fairly easy thing every computer can manage as long as we give up all the eye-candy effects and accept the fact actual calculations on data are going to be fairly slow?). Cool to see people have implemented something like this actually and have even done it in graphics rather than in just pseudo. Also, why can't we use modern languages like Python or their subsets to write Z80 programs, at least very simple ones? Any ideas on what can probably change the situation at some point? reg/pay-walled sites are no the only kind that should be discouraged - sites that will track you globally unless you block them globally should be discouraged too IMHO. Facebook fits both categories. No. E.g. I'm fine with Telegram & Signal + WhatsApp & Skype for the elderly. Having no intention to become a public person, do I really need a public profile on a web site that's whole purpose is to spy on me everywhere, analyse my behavior and contacts, sell the data to others and show me ads? I absolutely believe you. When I actually need to voice-call somebody (e.g. mom, granny or a client company CEO, all the other people I meet prefer texting) I use Skype - it does this much better than any of the competitors. So it sounds fairly probable it does video better than others too. > As we now know, insiders have been selling Intel stock long before the vulnerabilities became public. I understand this is just not legal, but otherwise why should they had not (i.e. why exactly is it illegal)? What the rationally logical plan they should have taken? Telling everyone about the vulnerability is irrational - it should be told to those who are supposed to write patches first, keeping the shares when you know they are going down is irrational too. > Usually MDMA has the backlash of lowering the amount of serotonin release in your brain the days after you take it, which makes you feel down. The so-called tuesday blues Usually MDMA has absolutely no observable backlash (it may still harm your brain though, even if you don't feel it, I don't know if it will or not) if you don't take it more often than once in 3 months (or 1 month if you insist, but absolutely never more often), avoid taking too much of it, take enough piracetam, magnesium and antioxidants (acetyl-l-carnitine, acetyl-l-cysteine, vitamins E and C, lipoic acid, CoQ10, green tea extract, grape seed extract etc) before, during and after the MDMA trip, take L-tryptophan+piracetam after the trip, smoke some weed (but don't do it in advance - this can cause a panic attack and nausea), drink enough water, sleep well and take L-tryptophan+piracetam again when you get up. What will follow is usually going to be a rather pleasant state called "afterglow". Taking emoxypine, piracetam, magnesium and St. John's wort during the days after to actually restore the receptors can also be a good idea. I have also heard eating some psilocybin shrooms can prevent MDMA hangover too but I doubt combining psychedelics is a good idea for everybody. DISCLAIMER: The above is a piece of theoretical knowledge provided for harm-reduction purposes only and not even proven scientifically (I'd be glad if the researchers could consider checking it). Use it at your own risk. Don't take what is not legal in your country. I don't recommend taking MDMA without a prescription though I do recommend to consider harm-reduction measures if you decide to take it. Anyway, make sure you are not allergic to any of the substances you are going to take, are not taking any drugs that may interact with them and don't have any other contraindications. Does this mean Skype will stop cooperating with governments demanding chat history disclosure? Here is the source of the most of this knowledge by the way: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlMxTpONKT0 Adam at PsychedSubstance does pretty good job educating people about how to do the stuff right without getting your brains fried. His advices do work great, it would surely be awesome if the reserachers could validate and/or improve them scientifically (or at least make use of them practically so nobody will actually get sad or experience any other adverse effects anyway). > You kind of contradict yourself by saying there is no backlash and then giving a list of supplements to reduce the backlash... What I am saying is there will certainly be some backlash if you don't do anything to prevent it but you can (or you can not - sure I can't say these advices will help everybody, perhaps some of these may even harm somebody if they have some specific contraindications) effectively prevent about 99% of it. Perhaps my grammar is not perfect but I hope the idea is fairly easy to get. > What's not proven is those supplements you mention. Sure, not proven any credible way. Hopefully the researchers will read this thread, take these in consideration and prove or disprove some parts. > tests on mice In fact there have been quite enough "testing" on humans though it's neither scientifically clean (no double-blind placebo-controlled trials, no large control groups observed, no measurements etc) nor official enough for obvious reasons. Everything is based on personal experience people share anonymously, but believe me - though not formally credible nor systematic this data is very far from being entirely mythical and useless. It's absolutely worth testing by researchers we are talking about and, well... by unaccredited enthusiasts who are going to to engage in the research on their own perhaps. > There's also no evidence that supports 'afterglow' Sure, no evidence, just reportedly-systematic experience of anonymous individuals. Let's just say it may cause this state, not that it necessarily will. > and magnesium to reduce jaw clenching Magnesium is not just to reduce jaw clenching, it's also an NDMA antagonist, known to prevent amphetamine-type drugs tolerance. And it is also an important electrolyte that you may loose if you dink, sewat and pee excessively. > keep your body cooled (but hard to do at parties) MDMA is, arguably, much more fun and much more safe to take at home together with just the one you love. I especially discourage taking it at parties and especially mixing it with alcohol. > but doesn't affect the serotonin levels... Taking 5-HTP the days after... That's why I recommend L-tryptophan. Tough less-famous than 5-HTP (5-Hydroxytryptophan) for a number of reasons, it can be considered a more natural and more safe alternative to 5-HTP. L-tryptophan is the essential amino-acid naturally meant to be consumed regularly (it occurs naturally in many foods and also available in pure form as an over-the-counter supplement) your body uses to produce the amounts of 5-HTP (and then serotonin) it needs from it. Also St. John's wort is known to upregulate serotonin receptors and increase of serotonin (!!!up to potentially life-threatening levels if combined with other serotonin-boosting substances so never take it together with MDMA, only the day after!!!). Piracetam and emoxypine are not only antioxidants (in fact I don't even know if piracetam is an antioxidant at all) but nootropics that may improve brain blood flow, oxygen consumption and synaptic transmission, modulate the receptor complexes of the brain membranes by increasing their binding ability, stabilize biomembranes (i.e. membrane structures of blood cells - erythrocytes and thrombocytes during their haemolysis or mechanical injury accompanied by the formation of free radicals), have neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory action, change the monoamine level and increases the dopamine content in the brain etc. > but again, research is lacking. That's why it's so great to read about the ladies and gentlemen at the Pineapple Fund going to fund the research and that MAPS is undertaking it. And that's why it's so important to share every potentially valuable idea on the subject with them so they can use it in the research. There are 2 reasons I am writing this here: 1. I hope this can help people (though I am not sure it will help everybody) to save their health and prevent unpleasant experiences (as far as I've heard overwhelming majority of people who try MDMA experiences rather severe backlashes - this suggests they are doing it wrong and cause damage to their brains). 2. I hope this can provide the researches with ideas to start with when looking for safety measures to be proven scientifically. Surely "making sure that your schedule is clear of obligations the next day" is always a great idea but I think the stuff I've described above (including the previous commentary) should better be used too. Nevertheless, all the major emotions/moods one can feel: sadness, joy, laziness, vigour, fear, enthusiasm, anger, limerence etc are almost nothing but chemical conditions. If you feel panic or are angry at somebody - that doesn't necessarily mean you are in danger or that somebody is an asshole - that means you have elevated level of norepinephrine and/or low serotonin and/or something like that. Feeling lazy doesn't mean you have fallen to the sin of sloth but that you have low levels of thyroxine and/or dopamine and/or norepinephrine and/or serotonin and/or something else. That's a huge problem the majority of people don't understand this, just keeping this in mind makes the life a lot easier for you, your family and everybody around. Also it usually is enough to take something as natural, cheap and harmless as L-tryptophan (an essential amino-acid, the precursor to 5-HTP and serotonin, easily available as an over-the-counter supplement and found in many foods naturally) to fix the problem, SSRIs and benzodiazepines are not necessary in every case. In this case the researchers ought to test it too so it could be approved by the FDA together with MDMA because piracetam alone makes HUGE difference. If you are going to take MDMA and can choose only one supplement to use to protect your brain from adverse effects - that is to be piracetam (of course something better may exist but I have never heard of anything better so far). I can't confirm this scientifically but I could bet whoever has tried it (or at least the majority of them) will tell you this is true. By the way I live in Europe and have been taking piracetam (it is an approved medicine available at every drugstore here, over-the-counter in some countries, on prescription in others) every day (making just occasional pauses for a month or two) during about 15 years already and man it's just so great I don't want to live in a country where I can't get it easily. In my opinion (based on my own long-term systematic experience with it) piracetam is an essential for brain fitness, good quality of life, physical, creative, spiritual, educational and professional self-realization. And I have never had a headache during these years (except slight headakes that I had a couple of times after having drank a way too much alcohol) although I used to have headache almost every day when I was a child and wasn't taking piracetam! The only problem with MDMA is it is not legal in the majority of countries. Up to hundreds thousands (something less maybe, but still a lot) of people all over the world would gladly submit reports about their experiences of taking MDMA together with and without these substances (piracetam, magnesium, antioxidants etc) if this was not associated with risk of getting busted by the authorities. I have no doubt his advices would have been proven statistically then. Websockets can be used for many things and are actually a sound tech idea but I don't know about a single website that would use them to do something I need (no, I don't use social networks, don't play online games and don't use web voip - these are the 3 major areas that can make use of them) so disabling them seems a good idea. In general: disable everything you don't use - this will most certainly increase your safety and disrupt a huge portion of mainstream malware and spyware functioning. When I was using Windows I had a software firewall that would ask me about every app that is trying to access the Internet and let me choose if I want to block or allow it - I would only allow the web browser, the messenger and the SSH client and completely block everything else (DroidWall and XPrivacy let you do this on Android, LittleSnitch does this on Mac, I miss such a tool on destkop GNU/Linux a huge lot). Is there something like this for Chrome too? BTW I wish I could just disable all features but those basic ones every website uses (and "data URIs" support please!!! I really want to to disable it!) and enable them manually on per-domain basis (the way I do with scripts using NoScript and uMatrix). I agree - Python is great and rather neutral (as soon as snake_case_naming stops causing you nausea and as soon as you stop worrying about types and the fact you can't make a class member truly private) yet it has one thing I really hate - the module/package system. Coming from C# I could never "grok" it in Python (might anybody have a link to a great intro in this subject optimized for a C# mind - I'd be more than grateful) and being unable to split a single namespace into a number of files is outrageous (especially for an ADHD person who can't stand long code files and importing every this and that manually everywhere).