The problem is not only the existence of such Apps on the store but that they rank so high. Google should know how to give good apps a prominent spot and rank scam apps low. That would solve many problems without censoring or banning anything. Same here. I used to do a lot of Python programming, but moved to Ruby because of Rails. When I had to work on a machine learning paper, I spent weeks looking for a equivalent to NumPy or Matplotlib in the Ruby world, but nothing comes even close! I did this a few weeks ago and tried to use it form a fairly old MacBook. I intended to use RubyMine which had a few minor issues while scrolling. What kille dit for me however was that all short keys would go to my local machine. Since using RubyMine lives from extensive short key usage this setup wasn't an option for me. The nice thing however is that you can also stop your instance and only pay as you go. An achievement system for Pivotal Tracker jumps immediately into my mind. I want achievements for consistent velocity, low number of bugs, PM's who regularly go in and accept stories, etc... Not having any experience with contracts like this, I wonder how this relates to testing. Is this thought to be an addition or an alternative to usual xUnit style and integration tests. Or are these concepts not even related and I am getting it all wrong? I am sure the clock would get all the energy it needs if it were to use Soilent Green instead of flies. If every car is driven sutomatically, cars can be driven much more efficiently, since there won't be any need for stop signs or traffic lights in the current form. Cars can just coordinate that one car slows down a little and one car speeds up a little. The only reasonfor card to stop will be pedestrians. Of course I assume that there will be only driverless cars. I am fairly sure that human driven cars will be illegal in less than 20 years. Most accidents will be caused by human driven cats which will lead to a ban. I also predict that the US will be one of the last western countries to ban human driven cars The author points that SFO is not using the TSA. Having used SFO often, I have to say that I sadly would have never guessed that. So I think not using TSA is not going to be a competitive advantage, as long as the private companies are indistinguishable from TSA. Actually, if everything is just the same anyway, I'd rather them do it instead some random private company who is in it for the cash. Nothing makes me more upset than corrupt cops. Obviously the off-duty cops got away with speeding because cops don't give tickets to other cops. That's the real scandal. Corrupt cops undermine the entire legal system, which is much worse than anything any terrorist could ever hope to achieve. They should be treated accordingly! Exactly! My point is that real scandal for me is that apparently most cops won't give other cops a speeding ticket, which enabled the speeding and killing of 20 people in the first place. Yes I am. (-; I like it that for me beer o'clock coincides with the morning standup! It would be very interesting to see the door. Anything I can think off would easier break the structure of the dome or be awkward. What makes this comparison not applicable is that the interviewed intern said that they were really just adding warm bodies. I am sure Mayer added far more than that. I am afraid that password managers like 1Password will get caught in this. I always use it not only to remember my password, but also to fill in sign up forms with my data. I am sure it would fall for the honeypot and it would be very hard for me to find out what went wrong. I am sure the experience would be incredibly frustrating. It would be very exciting to normalize the Github user numbers by the population in the area they map to. Right now especially in Europe it seems to pretty much seems to map to population numbers of cities. The issue is not the complexity of the taxation system, but the fact that only the US and Somalia tax based on citizenship. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Individual_taxation_system... That's a problem, but it doesn't have anything to do with citizenship. Rather with residency vs. place of work. It's a problem every European country faces (work in France, live in Germany for example) and still none of them motivate their citizens to abandon their citizenship when they live abroad. I am a German living in the US and I have no downside of being a German citizen. As a green card holder the only thing that I cannot do is vote. It would be nice to become a US citizen one day, but given the huge downside of the tax burden if I ever decide to ant to live somewhere else for a while is a big deterrent for me. It's more like using a very good screw driver instead of a swiss army knife that does an OK job at everything. Yes there is no rule that one tool has to work for everything, but there is a rule in Agile that you should push off making assumptions about the future as far as possible, because you will never know less than right now There was actually a pretty good article about the Denisova human in one of the recent National Geographics. One of the researchers mentioned in the article made a similar point, that for him the most likely indication of the Desnisova find is that we currently are separating into sub-species where there aren't any and that what we are finding are differences between individuals and not new sub-species. I wonder when/if that will be the established view and some of these species will be consolidated. I would be rather surprised if MS used PHP and not ASP I am very shocked to hear this. He was one of the greatest actors of our time. In addition I find the controller to be one of the worst parts of Rails. The input comes in form of some magical methods that are available (params, request) and the output happens partially by setting instance variables and partially by calling render. How could anyone ever think that's a good idea? I don't understand why he has to equal TDD with the mockist approach to TDD without clarifying he is talking about the mockist approach and not TDD in general. Pivotal Labs for example is obviously a huge proponent of TDD, but has been historically been opposed to hesitant towards true, isolated, heavily stubbed and mocked unit tests. That makes me wonder if he just doesn't have a differentiated enough view of TDD or if he omitted that on purpose to get more attention. I am also not sure which answer is would be more disappointing. Don't get me wrong, I am pretty happy with Rails in general. I just think that the way controllers are implemented seems just totally random. Another, possibly worth, part are lifecycle callbacks on AR models. Those are just a huge invitation for confusion and trouble down the road. The dungeon situation is worse than that. I actually was very unhappy with Windwaker at the time because it was too easy. I loved the sword fights against the knights towards the end, but there were only a handful of those. So I already was upset about that. However, than I read that Miyamoto had said that the two dungeons had already been completed, but they were too hard and the game got too long and he wanted everyone to finish the game. I can not overstate how I upset I was when I read that. Having grown up in Germany and now living in he US since many years gives me an interesting perspective on this. I am used to an environment that's filled with history like this. I remodeled a 300+ year old house! I find that everything being new in the US makes you feel like you can truly change the world and accomplish anything you want. Being in Europe where most buildings have been around since forever makes you feel small and I find it comforting in a way to have my life put into perspective like that. Iceland had a even stronger impact on me that way because it was so obvious that the land itself had recently (in geological terms) been created and can destroy whatever you do as a human or at least make it all insignificant. I found that calming There was a great episode on radiolab about this: http://www.radiolab.org/story/317421-blame/ On segment of the show is about a man whose self control is impacted due to some mental disorder. The question is: Should he be treated more leniently because it's not his fault, but his brain's? The conclusion, that I have to agree with is: Of course not! You ARE your brain. The Internet is a crucial part of our infrastructure and a important backbone of our economy. If there is any indication that someone like Verizon in this case is tempering with it intentionally, they should be charged with terrorism. This is no different than someone going out and sabotaging Hoover damn on purpose. In fact it's worth! I also never understand why it's seen as so important that real estate prices go up. Statements like "Chinese-based parents who are funding their children's purchases are helping the Irish property recovery." from the article always baffle me. Isn't it great if real estate is cheap? It means people can afford to live there and spend there money on other things and keep the economy going that way. I certainly prefer that over what's going on in SF. I understand that often times people will take out mortgages against there houses if the price goes up and that way money goes back into the economy. But in my opinion that's not real money and will only lead to another 2008. >Real estate prices rising means that the people are getting more wealthy. When real estate prices fall, it means that people are most likely getting less wealthy. That uses real estate prices as an indicator for how the economy is doing. However, it doesn't mean the economy gets better because real estate prices are up. This almost reminds me of the backyard furnaces during the great leap forward. Metal output was seen as a indicator of good industry and so Mao had everyone melt perfectly good pots and pans and other stuff to improve the indicator. However, most of the metal was useless and the pots and pans were gone. What the article described sounds similar to me. Housing prices are way up, economy indicator looks great, but people are living on the street. > What you're describing here is called "re-financing", it's a perfectly normal means of borrowing money against your house if you have enough collateral. I've never heard of people doing it so that money goes back into the economy, it's usually to re-invest money into your house like for construction or whatever, and your monthly payment just increases. So the money does go back into the economy. Also: Not all re-financing results in a larger mortgage than before. Some people re-finance to get lower interest rates on the same or smaller principal. The difference between Google stock and a house (if you only have one) is that you need the house, but I have not practical value for Google stock other than it's monetary value. If I sell my house I need to buy another one or rent. So I am happy if my house's value goes up, but only if it's relative to other houses in areas I would be interested to move to, because it would open the option to swap it out for another one that's better or in a location I would prefer. So if real estate prices go up everywhere that wins me nothing. I am rich, but only on paper. Housing being relatively cheap also allows for people with low capital to try out business ideas that they couldn't elsewhere. Berlin in the early 2000s was filled with awesome little shops, restaurants and cafes that would have been impossible in any other comparable city. One of the big reasons was the cheap real estate. Too bad. I hope those will stop linking to Spanish news outlets (especially those who pushed for this) regardless. A few days of that and the law is history. My community might get Google Fiber soon. I still am pretty excited about that, but the more I read about community fiber, the more torn I feel. What does that do? CronWTF doesn't understand it either and that one even has a cat! They didn't mind when they drugged up people in SF as part of MKUltra. I am of the opinion that nothing is worse for a society than corrupt law enforcement of any kind. I am generally against death penalty, but think it should be applied for even minor breaches by law enforcement. If we cannot trust the people who are supposed to keep us save the entire system is broken. Agreed. I would love a 15" tablet for watching movies in bed. I was waiting for over half a year for the next shield and am very disappointed it's a tablet. I liked the original shield because it allows to stream PC games throughout my house, so that I can play them on my couch or in bed. The other awesome thing is playing emulators on the go. With the tablet I can't do any of those properly, because the controller is not built in and I need to have a place to set up the tablet. So I can't play it on the train or anywhere in my house excepts my desk or my dining room table. If you already have a tablet (or 2 in my case) and wanted this as a gaming device, then that's a bummer. It's too bad. Everything that targets hardcore gamers fails. would be nice if it wasn't power cord bound. Having moved to the US from Germany, it always stroked me as particularly dangerous that it is common to overtake cars on the right and have slow cars and fast cars in any lane. The article mentions that different speeds are dangerous. I think enforcing cars sorting themselves properly into the right lane would make a huge difference in reducing accidents and allowing traffic to o faster. I wish law enforcement could focus on that instead of giving tickets to people who go 5mph/h faster than most other cars. I agree completely that traffic engineering is much better in Germany and makes a huge difference. Roads are better sign posted, on ramps are very generous. As I mentioned elsewhere in Germany you are also not allowed to overtake on the right on the Autobahn. So there is a huge push for slow drivers to stay on the right and cars are nicely sorted by speed. Therefore you need to relatively rarely change lanes whereas in the US people will constantly change lanes on freeways especially in busy places like LA. That not only leads to higher risks and makes driving more aggravating, but also slows everyone down. It happens quite frequently here that I will be on a 3 lane freeway and there are three slow cars next to each other. That would be unthinkable. I believe that this allows the German Autobahn to serve more cars than freeways in the US while having in average fewer lanes. I always have this metaphor in my head where I think of it similarly to a Ethernet cable that can now submit more data because the protocol allows for fewer collisions etc. It depends on the Autobahn. I strongly felt what you described on pretty much any Autobahn around cologne where there always was a lot traffic and many on and off ramps. However, my ride usually would take me from there onto the 44(?) towards Paderborn and there was no speed limit and it was a joy even in an old Golf 2. There were very few on and off ramps and moderate traffic. My car would be able to speed up to ~220km/h over the course of several minutes, but it was so worth it. Every time I go to a theater and I cannot drink alcohol in the auditorium because children happen to be allowed in the movie or something like this happens I start dreaming of child-free zones, where I can walk around with a bottle of beer while playing with Bucky Balls and look at nipples. At least the prohibition of magnetic balls at least actually protects children from something that can do actual harm to them unlike seeing adults drink in moderation or seeing exposed body parts. Taxi companies also would need to work on their quality issues. I've had too many taxis in SF and suburban Portland that were filthy and run down and had incompetent drivers. Never happened with Uber. EDIT: I think that there just is almost no incentive for taxi companies to improve on anything because they have had a quasi monopoly in a market that is completely underserved. When you needed a cap pre-Uber in SF, you were happy to get any cap at all. That all comes down to taxi medallions. "And I had argued for it a long time. I wrote so many of these multi-page emails about how important it was. But once we had it so people could see and see that it really does work, then Samsung went and wrote a proper interface for it." Wow, I really have to admire his patience. While reading this I was even thinking "They are arguing with John Carmack about what he needs to get the graphics right? Who do they think they are?!" and I am not him. I would never have the patience for this. That must be like my grandma arguing with me about programming. I've been dreaming of this art project where I put up tables in the Mission and hire a bunch of Task Rabbits to manually mine Bitcoins while they eat food delivered by ZeroCater Tuition in Germany was limited to 300 Euro/ semester anyways. That never really paid for the education fully. In Germany you can in theory study anything you want if you have a high school/Gymnasium degree. However, places are limited and they are given out based on your GPA. Every semester you wait for a spot your GPA gets lowered for the purpose of this calculation. So if you have bad grades and want to study psychology you might have to wait 10 years. So either you are a great student or you are super dedicated. I think this is a decent filter. Well, it's not the king but the government representing the people who are paying the bills. Not when I grew up ~10 years ago It depends on what you study. In my CS classes we had a few lab sessions where we had to implement small programs and sometimes even larger projects. However, a friend of mine studied chemistry and she never got to leave the lab. Where is that? Google Play gives you 30 days and Amazon I believe gives you at least 48 hours for a movie. My main issue with HN is that the comments link is a pain on touch devices. This redesign seems to make that link even smaller. Much of the value of HN lies in the amazing comments, so I would prefer that link to get almost equal prominence to the actual article. I also don't understand how almost unreadably pale article titles make the page more usable. To me this redesign is another case of making it prettier rather than more usable. I never will understand how this spying stuff always is allowed to happen. I know every government does is, but I find it unbelievably dishonest. What kind of relationship is that? I would intuitively see any spying as an act of war, especially if supposedly friendly countries do it. This worked awesome on my MacBook and my PC, but I am getting some massive rendering errors in Safari on my iPad 3: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG Breaking in Safari on my iPad 3 running iOS 7: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18855215/bpg.PNG This is a very American view. When I grew up in Germany EVERYONE had a scale for cooking because every recipe gives all larger quantities in grams. I think the only exception is the difference is the equivalent of "a pinch". When I moved to the US I didn't have a scale and most recipes I cooked were American and I ended up using cups etc. I got totally used ot it after a while and everything was fine. However, I love cooing and wanted to get more into modernist cuisine. That pretty much requires a scale. Having used a scale for cooking again I cannot overstate how incredibly convenient it is. It saves a lot of time and cleaning of measuring devices. You just put your container (pot, bowl or whatever you will use later for processing) onto the scale; zero the scale; and start puring in the first ingredients till you go tthe right amount. Then you just zero the scale again and do the next ingredients. No need to rinse measuring cups in between. The metric system also has the added benefit that 1 liter translates for water based liquids to 1kg which means you again just pour the liquid into your bowl that's on the scale. The scale has pretty much only upsides. The downside that most people in the US don't have a scale is only a downside because culturally US Americans don't use scales for cooking. On the flip side you can say that measuring cups are incovenient because Europeans don't have them. Wow, according to Wikipedia he died of suicide by two to the head. And here I thought stories of suicide via two self-inflicted head shots was a myth restricted to conspiracy theorists. It's a big company doing, so it's gonna be fine. The most interesting part of the article ot me was the discussion of income in the workplace in contrast to the performance in school. They point out that women tend to select subjects in college that result in less income and that they seem to care less about that. I wonder how much of that attitude results in the income difference between men and women. I also believe that some of the behavior typically associated with boys and their bad performance in school leads to them succeeding in the workplace. Trying to be in control and showing typical alpha-male behavior causes nothing but trouble in school. In the workplace on the other hand,it's something that might lead to some conflict, but also to higher income. On the flip side, following orders diligently is great in school and leads to a stable career, but you might lose out to the pushy alpha-male. Obviously like pretty much everything on this topic, those are very broad generalizations, that are not indicative of any one individuals behavior. But that's what work life is likely going to be. Work life is not going to be building a fort in the forrest. Locking away violent criminals also has the benefit that the general public will be safe from the violent criminal during the incarceration. In the short run they got Robespierre. However, in the long run things certainly got better. In the meantime the UK still has a queen and the House of Lords. So maybe having Robespierre was worth it. To add to your argument: Although corporations are made up of people, the interest of the majority of the people that make up the corporation isn't necessarily aligned with that of the corporation. I find it interesting that it seems like critics of the Q ratio justify the high price by saying that because of low interest rates, other investment options are worse. As much as I agree that still makes it a bubble. It's just not that investors get drawn to the attractiveness of the bubble on the stock market, but rather that the bubble is there because everyone gets pushed into it. Even if you don't buy the Q ratio, this reasoning if correct would mean that the stock market is most likely higher than it should be and probably won't stay there. Maybe you don't want another company to be able to look at your IP. Or maybe you want or need to hold yourself to a higher security standard then hosted alternatives. If your code is hosted with a third party out on the Internet, your own service now is only as secure as that third parties. That sounds to me like Equipment is not what's needed, since there is hardly anyone reliable we can give the equipment to. How about deploying a few millions soldiers? A few million sounds like a unreasonably large number, but on the other hand there were 4 million soldiers in Stalingrad alone and we should be able to treat this situation as urgently as things were handled in WWII. To me ISIS is right up there with the Nazis. So let's go all out and get this done with! To me the most interesting part about this is how looking at the comments here it's apparently a great Rorschach test. "Whatever I draw always ends up lookiing like a uterus.", "everything I try ends up looking like some kind of bug", "Any image I make with this one looks like e-cigarette packaging", etc. As a German who lives in the US since 8 years I am not surprised by this at all. By the time you finish university in Germany you are about 25 years old. They introduced the Bachelor/Master system, but at least when I studied, getting a Bachelor was more of a way to drop out gracefully. In addition there was a culture that expected you to stay at home until your child is at least 1 year old. Therefore there was very little support to take care of very young children. For well educated couples this leaves an extremely small window in which you can have children. That doesn't even account yet for people with other goals. Having a child means having time to try to bootstrap a startup parallel to your day job or doing extensive travel becomes extremely hard if not downright impossible. An additional factor is that most Germans aren't religious and even the ones who are are only on paper, but don't actually care very much. Religion often times plays a large role in people's desire to have children. That rarely happens in Germany. Yes, typically they are, even in Germany. That being said, very rich people who don't have to compromise and have others raise their children also tend to have more than average children I believe. Maybe I should be impressed, but I am not. I assumed some kind of fight that would require strategy and creativity. What I saw in the video was more like what we have been seeing in car factories since many years. What am I missing? I have to agree. I am very concerned by both what's happening in Europe and by concerns being dismissed as racism or xenophobia. I am glad there are others who have a level headed view of this. It's really hard to talk about this topic, because so much of the associated vocabulary has been taken over by actual racists in the past and sets off all kinds of alarm bells. The use of the word "liberal" in the US drove me nuts the first few months I lived in the US. I used to be identify myself as a "Liberal" in Germany and constantly felt misrepresented when people were talking about "liberals" in the US. Weird enough the term that comes closest to what I understand as European liberalism is libertarianism. So we had to throw in a syllable to make up for the word that's being used everywhere else having been hijacked. I wonder if some of this is fallout from the insane two party system. As a German living in the US I actually had the most interesting experience visiting Japan. I always thought of myself as "liberal" when I lived in Europe. However, moving to the US I found myself often times very annoyed by people not obeying common everyday conventions. A dumb example would be people jaywalking right in front of your car, being fully aware that you have to stop because of their jaywalking. When I visited Japan I realized that I actually appreciate fascism to a certain degree, which is a shocking thing to realize. Having a strong shared set of conventions and shared values that help enforce these conventions make everyday life so much more pleasant. When I use light rail in SF, I am constantly strategizing where to position myself relative to other passengers, so that I can get on the train early in order to get a seat. In Japan there are markings on the floor where you have to stand and no one would dare to skip the line. These are small examples of things that make everyday life just so much more pleasant. I don't give a damn what color your skin is or what country you are from, but I agree with you, you better stick to the rules that everyone else adheres to. Outside the US the term "pension" also is used to mean that the company pays into some(semi-) government scheme that provides a pension. I think the company itself paying the actual pension when you retire is a US only phenomenon. The differences between the iOS app and the web page were startling about a year ago when I first started using it. In particular how different the iOS's coach was and the "on-track" concept on the web. I was excited that they wanted to make it more similar, but then they just cut the coach which I had vastly preferred. I am also very disappointed by this. I am mainly interested in learning Mandarin and Japanese. But Duolingo is so good that I decided to start learning Spanish with it till they support Mandarin or Japanese. Now it's one year later, still no Mandarin or Japanese and I ran out of motivation for Spanish a long time ago. I learned on Silicon Valley that you don't want any revenue anyways, because people will just expect insane revenue growth once you have any revenue. I didn't know if I was supposed to laugh or if someone just had spoken some truth everyone in the valley is too correct to actually say. iI would actually argue that everyone involved in this should be prosecuted for trying to overthrow our democratic system. Why can't we just have a 2 tier water pricing system? Tier 1 is very cheap, so that everyone can afford water to drink and wash themselves. Anything over that amount in tier 1 get's priced at something more realistic. That incentivizes industry to be economic about their water usage and private people are deterred from being wasteful. Increased product prices would likely lead to reduced demand and in turn smaller farm output and water usage. Same is true for industry that also uses enormous amounts of water. I agree. You used to be able to sort all movies by how much they think you will like it. What a concept! A little over a year ago I actually wrote a script that used their API to get me just that. Less than a month later they shut down the API... I honestly don't know what use case they are addressing. If I know what I am there to watch I just need a search field. If I don't know then there interface is a disaster. It keeps recommending movies they predict I will give a low rating. At the same time I found that they had "The Master" which I loved in the cinema after browsing the page for at least 10 minutes in order to find something. Most of the 10 minutes were spent looking over different lists that mainly contained the same movies I'd already watched or Netflix agrees I won't like. I also find their rating system to be the worst. I always check at imdb first. Some movies that have 4/10 or fewer starts have 4/5 or even 4.5/5 stars on Netflix. I can only assume that watching certain movies might be more beneficial to Netflix than others. I honestly wonder if they try to direct users towards certain content because they might have different deals around the content that makes watching certain movies for them better than others. That's the only explanation I can come up with for why they would make finding something worth watching so hard. Agreed on al of these. A lot of this used to exist, but it's gone now. Instead we have big pictures and shiny stuff no one needs. Nice, this makes it even more likely I will die a slow death from cancer instead. I agree. However, I find that even more remarkable. I looked at the wiki statistic yesterday and the comparison between Germany (where I grew up) and the US made me think. Roads in Germany do feel safer and better organized. But because of the famously high speed limits on the Autobahn I didn't expect to see number like this. I used ot go 220km/h in a Golf 2 from 1994. That was even scarry back then at times and seems downright insane now that I am used to US traffic. As someone else mentions, I think that drivers pick lanes at will leads to constant lane changes and also to traffic jams and reduces throughput. That to me is a huge thing that needs fixing. It also makes driving much more pleasant. You never have a "wall" of three slow cars in front of you and now have to figure out which one of them will eventually make way, so that you can pass and now everyone has to change lanes. It's insane! In addition to the broken "protocol" that's being used on roads cars are also much less save. Lots of pickups have these pipes on front of their car's grills (sorry no idea how those things are properly called). These are actually illegal in Germany because they increase injury likelihood for pedestrians. Trucks in Europe have to have barriers on the side, so that in a collision they push a car aside and have a big impact area, rather than just hitting with a car with the edge of the trailer just at the same height as where people's heads are. Really cheap to do and would save lots of lifes. There are also many more very large cars in the US. If those crash into a smaller car that can have much more severe consequences. I think the lack of monster pick up trucks in Europe helps. I know many people here get these trucks to defend themselves against other people who are in these huge vehicles. Having moved here from Germany I think that people randomly picking their favorite lane is probably the biggest factor. It also makes things incredibly inefficient and driving much less pleasurable. I am convinced that sorting cars by speed with slow cars on the right would increase throughput dramatically. Without that a road with as diverse speeds as the Autobahn would be impossible. US freeways have to accommodate a much smaller range of speeds and still fail because it's so badly organized. Given that Germany has much higher speed limits and still fewer fatalities per mile driven, I would definitely focus on giving tickets for overtaking on the right and not speeding up on the on ramp. That shit makes things dangerous for everyone and provides benefits to no one. It's just plain stupid. I would implement draconic penalties for that shit. As someone else pointed out, the Autobahn doesn't ever go through towns or villages. However, I agree that the frequent drastic speed limit changes on the Bundesstraße are a pain. I am not sure however what a good solution would be. You could lower the speed limit between towns, raise it the towns or build out the road in the city more and keep the limit higher like happens on the 101 when you go through some towns in the central valley. But that has other huge downsides, like being painfully slow or increasing the risks or ruining the towns. Having a town every 1-2 miles might just result in this. Awesome book by Nobel price winning Thomas Schelling: Micromotive and Macrobheavior http://www.amazon.com/Micromotives-Macrobehavior-Thomas-C-Sc... $229K? Time Warner won't even notice that's gone. Should have been $229 million otherwise they won't learn anything from this. Yeah, that would be really neat. We are already doing it in enough cases for time. Your comment is fascinating because it is a glaring example of what another commenter described "you are either with or against us" attitude that the extrimist parts of any movement show. I understood the person you responded to to see your cause as a good one and thus be on your side. If you attack anyone who doesn't want to go on a crusade you will never achieve what you set out to and will in fact drive people off. Not to mention that you will be very frustrated. I think we should use the Olympics as a honey pot for politicians who care more about their own egos than their constituencies. Anyone who applies for it faces life in prison because it will just cost their city huge amounts of money and ruin most people's everyday lives. Having gone to high school in Germany and gotten my Masters degree in the US I'm really surprised by this. All the teachers I had would have loved you for studying ahead. Teachers even enjoyed arguing with me when I thought they were wrong. I'm carefully optimistic since this would be in there interest of the trucking industry and they already seem to be succeeding at pushing laws through that are bad for the drivers. I would love a system where the trucks get driven to a lot outside of the city where they get set on a automatic course to the equivalent lot at the destination. During transit no person is onboard at all. At the destination lot a human enters and drives it downtown. If the truck goes to some industrial facility outside the city you shouldn't even need the human driver. Also I wish there was done way to go after those congress people who are in essence committing murder. That argument can be applied to all automation. I completely agree that it's a huge political and economical problem that owning the means of production becomes more and more important whereas actual labor becomes less important. To me the obvious solution is more socialism and eventually once everything is automated even some form of capitalism. However, especially in the US where due to the cold war anything social is a red flag for many we aren't going to be able to solve this before it becomes a much larger problem. So we either have to play this through and force action or stop all innovation because anything else just slows the process down and makes us less competitive. I agree with practically everything you said. However, I expect that the companies that do most of the lobbying are larger and are all the ones expecting to be one of the one out two companies with the iPhone apps that now also don't have to deal with drivers anymore. The big companies will be able to upgrade their first, small companies won't be able to. The small companies get pushed out of the market. So I expect large companies to push for this. There was actually a very interesting discussion on econtalk that easily came to the conclusion that interest rates aren't artificially low. The primary, possible reasons they saw were that new industries in the West need fewer initial investments than traditional industries (compare the cost of starting a new refrigerator factory to starting a tech startup) and that Asian countries with much higher saving rates are making up a larger portion of the economy. One point they made is that interest rates were already very low before the recession and QE. I would love two nice for pair programming. Also for playing/making a first person shooter for two people where each player controls one arm/gun. A third player would control the legs and head. It would be amazing!