NP-complete problems are for sissies. Paul Graham can solve any problem in the Arithmetic Hierarchy in O(1). hear hear because it overlaps almost completely with ruby. And Io, probably. we've been using it for almost a year now, and are pretty ok with it. There are occasional downtimes that are annoying, but as others said, not a big deal. We are also reasonably happy with the simple issue tracker, although it misses some _really_ important features it is ok for our needs (but damn, I'd love attachments). well, rubyspec covers builtin and bundled libraries. Not that this makes ruby-the-language simple, anyway. what is wrong with URI.parse in the stdlib? the articles' re goes out of url validation to get urlish things in free text, (e.g. " lokk at http://goo.com/bat , lovely" the comma would actually be part of a valid url, but the regex tries to detect this. Yet, for url validation ruby's lib is enough, I believe. try URI.regexp('http') :) slashdot style metamoderation FTW! just to point it out, postgres now has a builtin hash data type. This sees like it could be a better solution thatn serialized json http://www.postgresql.org/docs/8.4/static/hstore.html IIRC twitter images are served from S3, so probably just a different dns? compete, quantcast and alexa http://siteanalytics.compete.com/twitter.com/ http://www.quantcast.com/twitter.com http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/twitter.com but with all the new deals they got, they are probably going to restart growing soon. And of course there are lies, damn lies and web-statistics-selling companies. I disagree with the premise: there are a lot of elegant logic puzzles (consider: to mock a mockingbird), it's just that a lot of puzzles dod not fall in this category :) I was thinking "eh, just like my brother used to", so I told him the problems and he solved both in about 5 mins (although the first one the same way I did, it seems trivial if you can ybpx gur fnzr fnsr jvgu obgu ybpxf ng gur fnzr gvzr but also seems slightly wrong) reason it is unsatisfactiry (I had the same) is that one of the safe is not used, imo apple and oranges, if the beauty of the problem is in a clean elegant solution that does not require all of the pieces, it is not a well posed riddle, or solution. That's why the solution to the wolf-sheep-cabbage problem is not "just add more floating stuff so you can bring all at once, idiot". The comparison to school and exams, appears unrelated to me: there are situations where external aid kills the point (e.g. calculator for arithemitic in firs grade). wrt value types, shouldn't it be partially solved by escape analisys? Cfr: http://weblogs.java.net/blog/forax/archive/2009/10/06/jdk7-d... not that it would matter much in the case anyway, I guess. I am surprised by the lack of the Brother Metal page, but I'm not sure if it deserves being added or deleted :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cesare_Bonizzi one of the most interesting moments of my 2009 was listening to a guy showing off this http://tafkav.blogspot.com/ and talking about how we do not still consider plants (and computers!) as having rights (cfr. "Should Trees Have Standings?"). This seems completely unreasonable to us but the same was true between e.g. people and animals, europeans and native americans, japanese and chinese (see the nanking massacre). The "evolution of empathy" is probably still an ongoing process for which our descendants will consider us barbarians. yeah, although I wonder what is the reason for "Last modified: January 15, 2010", 30 mins later, no we're not >Twitter gets hacked more often than this. Really? I can remember only twice, in a bout a year, although admittedly I was not paying much attention that woul be true for most non verbal human communications, I'm afraid. My latest experience is with Norwegians, who seem to make an aspirated "uh!" sound for the equivalent of the conversational "mh-mh, keep going". I thought for a while they were perpetually stupefied people. the de beers de facto monopoly is a schoolbook example, e.g. why do they make commercials if they are the only ones seeling something? Because they have to prove that diamonds are actually better than other luxury goods (and also interesting is the fact that their commercials sell diamonds, not de beers diamonds) yes but you can't drive them around. You get yourself a cool car, wherver you go people will see a person in a cool car. You get a nice house only people in your neighborhood will know. I believe it's actually pretty easy in e.g. Preview.app on the mac. (I am having a bit of an issue parsing the last sentence but I guess it was "hasn't") Isn't the DaVinci/MLVM project an example of how Sun actually tried to move towards dynamic and non-java languages in the JVM? invokedynamic & method handles are already in the upcoming java 7, and that goes a long way towards supporting dynamic languages on the JVM. I never tried speedreading, but since a friend of mine surprised me by telling me she read 62 books last year my new year decision was to read more. I am keeping up with one a week until now and I am no genius yet I have a job, friends and girlfriend, so if studying how to read faster brings this little improvement, I'm baffled. the interesting bit is they are using code from webkit. I wonder if mozilla could also integrate google's Irregexp regular expression engine, which appears to be scarily fast in some probably irrelevant tests :) http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/benchmark.php?test=reg... you may like __git_ps1 :) I actually implemented a shakespeare interpreter exactly cause I found it neat so here's an upmod :) no, I actually think he meant "given the same reindeers" roody, rufus, reek, flay, flog, probably more. Sadly, in the current state of the ruby community it's even hard to find a library that will run with ruby's own warnings enabled. happy zabbix user here, it's true, the ui is not especially obvious, but it works quite well, and with the graphing capabilities it is also a reasonable replacement for cacti. clean code, yes, but some of the warnings are actually generated in situations where the code won't be cleaner (e.g. lazy initializing an instance variable not declared in the initialization method) and since quite a lot of the most common libraries have _a lot_ of warnings, it becomes unlikely that you will have them enabled in your app, and so the thing self propagates IIRC oxen is a vestigial dual (not plural) form, so quite appropriate. may well be true, my source is an old State of the Onion talk from Larry Wall, which although a linguist is probably not the most qualified in the world :) well, I do, but I understand why people don't. The likely better solution would be to have structured warnings you can enable/disable by, selector such as warning class, declaring namespace, using namespace or whatever, but that seems quite unlikely :) I guess you only saw trymongo but never experienced the original TryRuby? If not, please take a look at it :) I'd say it stands better. You have to consider the author is of a literary persuasion, and wrote the article in the '94, unix was something obscure to normal people and popularity of free unixish things were years to come. I'd have bet on the lack of a generalized "good eating culture", which automatically makes ready made food more acceptable. what earlier books? I lived in rome for about 20 years and trust me, "angels & daemons" is way far from 'researched' even at the obvious geographical details. Though I agree his works do have a lot of crumbs of informations to put someone on a long wikipedia spree :) I (a guy) read a lot more fiction (because I'm usually reading a few books at once, and the ficton ones can be read faster), but my girlfriend mostly reads mostly non-fiction,because somehow she finds it more pleasant (apart from terry pratchett, apparently) I'd say he most interesting thing in neko is the idea of using a full featured simple language as the base for multi-language-same-vm interoperability. Contrast to, for example, parrot, clr. yet now they are much more overlapping: ads, mobile, marketplace, online services. It will be interesting to see what happens. but sony has proved that it could go on for almost seventy years even after the death of the founder, while apple had a pretty bad time when the charismatic leader was not there. I am honestly wondering if apple can survive steve. sorry i did not express myself clearly: I was not talking of the recent health issues, I am thinking of the years in which he was not at apple (eightysomething to '97) I took a loock at the code but I'm not sure i understand one thing: why one class per file for case classes, scala is much cooler than that :) it seems simple which is good, but it also seems way too simple. Some suggestions * I understand why you want to list A->B and B->A separately, but I'd say it should be the default that someone is able to translate both ways, so favour the common case and let users correct it later. * Also, If I am fluent in N languages, I must list all the individual pairs, but it seems unlikely someone able to translate english to swedish and english to norwegian wont be able to do swedish to norwegian too. I'd say "list languages you can work with, then review pairs" is a better option. What is there to guarantee the quality of the translation? I0've seen the stars, but they only make sense after a translator has worked for a long time. * Couldn't translators at least link/list previous works in the language pair? * Could we have some kind of meta-moderation? Say, each translator from lang x/y is randomly given a snippet of someone else's translation and can rate it. * Couldn't we have preventive moderation? Request translation of a tiny text for some non-profit org, say, two sentences of wikipedia, and submit it to other translators for validation (or just check it's not google translate's output) I've seen abhorrent translations between niche languages (e.g. hungarian & italian) because the customer has no way to tell if the translation is good, and usually does not even have structure in place to _collect feedback about it_. This means there is not even the chance of going back post facto to take back your money/improve your translation/give bad rating. In practice this translates into a perfect market for lemons Finally: technical writing is not marketing writing, nor literature, nor drama and especially not legal speak, I believe listing categories in which you are confident is much needed. But all in all, I wish you the best luck and these are mostly minor nitpicks :) I trick could be to change the interface: from [combo] to [combo] (and viceversa [check box]) This way you can keep your preferred default of only one direction but allow adding the other more easily. it's in the specs, starts at 449 with wlan, 16gb I still don't get the 200M losses per day. They are not paying back tickets /natural causes), nor taking care of passengers (hei, no out fault!) and I somehow doubt most people are buying tickets two days before flying. Can someone explain? they are lexically scoped, so as a non expert, I guess they are closer to scheme than to CL well, it works if you consider modern as an attribute explaining when it was made instead of what it contains. That allows you to have modern wheels, music, art. notwithstanding the validity of your message, you are objecting to something that you did not quote. If modern languages are more than a compiler, that does not denies the ability of the book to cover how to write a compiler. I'd say they suck because the authors cared about specific issues other than making the implementation not suck (which I guess means fast performance performance?). But how does lua bears lisp inheritance in its implementation? IIRC lua does not use pointer tagging which is a typical lispism, uses tables for everything, has no lists, and uses a different approach for implementing closures. Are you thinking of LuaJIT(2) ? I never heard of it, why not write about it? Anyway, if this[0] page is related to your mantis, obscurity is surely connected to the usage of a tag ;) [0] http://appdev.cincom.com/ as a non-native english, honest question: does "room" also means something else from "some space with walls around it", or you actually have a very large room? thanks for taking time to explain :) I believe the most important enhancement is the set of changes that went into the compiler itself to make it more usable from IDEs. Give me a development environment for scala with working autocompletion and refactoring tools on the level of eclipse's JDT and I promise I will convert my company :) well a good text editor can still take advantage of autocompletion, inline error reporting etc ;) "how to learn in days", and "how to lose in " are commonly considered dumb slogans. Apparently, though, the intertubes are still very keen on "how to learn in ". If someone has a good explanation or theory I'd be really interested in learning it. apparently, george soros is a native esperantista :) appengine runs jruby, that is good enough :) does make world also builds the kernel? It's been a long time since I last used a bsd and I seem to recall that "world" was only userland, but I may be completely wrong thid seems similar to what topcoder does code and configurations or it didn't happen Preach it brother! Sadly, in my experience that worked for the first language, but not for the second. I guess my mind simply is not good enough anymore. For the actual syntax/functioanlity, see code http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/raw-diff/... http://hg.openjdk.java.net/lambda/lambda/langtools/file/7704... or, he was just talking about RAID0 I was going to ask about it: to me the Xbox division seems pretty successful, especially if you consider that ten years ago microsoft was not in the console market at all. Acccording to wikipedia, they have sold 40M units of the latest incarnation (iphones total at 50), they have probably the best online services (according to my hardcore gamers friends), the most open marketplace, and at least they seem to be trying to innovate. Is there a reason for never taking this division into account when talking about how MS is going to die horribly because of only milking the cash cows? I didn't downvote, but it could be related to the fact that to an argument 'a> b' you replied "a = X", which while true does not denies the argument. I was going to jest "the pursuit of happiness!". Then, a little investigation proved that it is, ironically, also in the declaration of indipendence Ho Chi Min wrote for the democratic republic of vietnam. Well, I'm OT but I felt it was interesting to share this :) while this is a great article, and it is probably 99% correct, isn't there something wrong with generalizing from "I hired one artist with flexible time, it was good" to "all hail artists flexiworking as the revolution to come" ? (Or Did I miss the listing of other artists he hired in the article?) With envy, a fairly flexible (sadly-)non-artsy worker and 26.03% "Microsoft" ? that would be "does the entire keyspace fit in memory?" being really good at writes does not mean it's really bad at reads, it is actually pretty good (in our cassandra cluster we have ~1ms latency which may be tolerable or not but it's not a lot) EDIT: and we don't have row caching enabled i still don't get the redditness, someone care to explain ditto for begin/end isn't this a reductionist view? the night of the long knives is just the first example I can think of, but I'm pretty sure there were more examples of people _becoming_ undesirable. I had not heard of a "arrest to quota" design in the USSR, could you point me to a relevant source so I can read about it? I still disagree on the main point that to be at risk in nazi germany you had to somehow defy the regime. Your view seem to be that in nazi germany you could simply comply with the ruling ideology and be fine, but as I said above, you can think of the killings and arrests by the thousands of the SA (which had been key to hitler's seize of power) as a glaring counter example. Moreover, the gestapo mostly run operations based on delations from common citizens (the origin of the "gestapo=big brother" misconception), it's not hard to imagine how mundane they can be. Unless you have a much better view of humanity than I have :) hey have been available as experimental options for quite a wile ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_version_history#Java_SE_6_... ), and at least for G1 they seem to still be. I have the impression, reading the release notes, that compressed oops and escape analysis may be enabled by default now, but I'd be happy if someone could shed some light the place where I'm now ( http://cascaad.com ) does use the freebase dumps as a primary source for out entity database (though more are in the works). It is pretty usable even if some interesting data is not available. The dev list and irc channel is also a very useful source. We hope to be able to provide rdf/rdfa links at some point, because, hey, the semantic web is a darn cool thing :) as a side note, bohem's gc is also generational http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc/#details Nice idea, but how do you handle privacy concerns? I don't think there is anything in "parse" that implies relation to a specific type-N grammar, why do you think so? (the oxford american heritage dictionary seem to agree, but I'm not a native speaker) You may enjoy this http://www.a-k-r.org/abnf/ and the t-shirts :) uncontested "trust me, if you type google into google you will break the internet" for the sake of just finding a counterproof to something I agree with: maybe perl for the second? There is basically no *nix without perl (I recall it was also part of the MS build system for rotor), it has influenced basically every programming language in the last decade and it's been a dependency of the linux kernel build for a long time, though I seem to recall it's now removed :) I thought it went by the name octopussy, but i want one too is a bunch of money better spent investing in US or creating stronger economies that can actually buy what is produced there? The post WWII marshall plan comes to mind. Czechoslovakia? I believe life cost and style, from what I've seen, is quite different between the czech republic and slovakia in what way does corruption obstructs a startup working on the internet to the world? It is an issue if, say, you try to market you new cool X thing to local administrators and state owned companies, but that does not seem the case for the OP. if the hot/cold idea is deeply rooted in you, it makes sense that you are able to tell what is what, but that does not mean it's not arbitrary, just that you have assimilated the method on a deeper level. Consider italians, and pasta. Basically everybody knows "instinctively" if a sauce makes sense with short or long pasta, but in the end it's still completely arbitrary :) interestingly, if you search for a random term,it shows listing "anywhere" randomly: 6 results for asdf http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... 3 results for asd http://jobs.github.com/positions?description=&location=a... (number of results seems related to input size) i don't understand why #3 was not ambitious enough, could you explain? There are a host of language learning tools, but a lot of them are simplistic, or very poor, or very expensive and only support a few languages (e.g. as you're hungarian, I've yet to find a good one supporting your language). Language learning is not a solved problem, afaict :) I guess the issue is on the definition of "stupid things". I love to watch a movie, and I enjoy a quiet lunch and talk over the coffee and dessert. I don't travel by bus, but when I used to commute I would spend the time reading. Things that are stupid relaxation to someone, are the actual goal of someone else. (yeah I can still cut on reading hn of course :) am I the only one bothered by the second formula? ¬(¬MY_PEEPS ⇒ ¬SKILLZ) ∧ ¬(¬SKILLZ ⇒ ¬SOFTWARE) at first sight it could be quite more simple as ¬(SKILLZ ⇒ MY_PEEPS ∨ SOFTWARE ⇒ SKILLZ) (contrapposition, de morgan) I think in their current form (game-ish) they are. But attaching useful information to real life, that's not, it's just one of the sides of a future internet of things, and I believe that is where we are headed. but there is no way of getting out of the eurozone, both in the "no actual procedure" and in the "no actual chance". If greece got out of the euro, it would get instant weimar-like inflation. Moreover, the SPV and the bailout plans in the eu seem to be more like smoke and mirrors than concrete stuff (e.g. bailing out greece with money coming from portugal which is in the same position)