F8 is Facebook's developer conference, not their platform. Their platform, surprisingly enough, is called Facebook Platform. Check out http://www.pequrl.com It's by a friend of mine and not super pretty, but it works! I'm down for a San Francisco meetup Anyone from SF driving down and interested in carpooling? Interesting idea...just for reference, I ran it on a recent blog post of mine: http://www.ryanwaggoner.com/2008/08/how-simple-is-too-simple... (sorry for the spam :-) Overall, I would say that it was most useful when it was pointing out things like passive voice or cliches, and less useful when telling me to replace relatively simple words or phrases with even simpler ones. Some of the words were things like: "feedback", "solicit", "desire", etc. We could certainly replace these with "opinion", "ask for", and "want", but some of the meaning and nuance is lost, especially given the context. I may not be the most eloquent writer, but I'm not writing for a group of 4th-graders. The "dumbing down" of language leads to dumbing down of thought in the long run. That has to be really frustrating as a developer, to know that you could probably prevail in court if you could afford to defend yourself, but since you can't (and they know you can't), the mere threat of a lawsuit is enough to make you fold. Any sympathetic attorneys out there who might want to help the guy out with a bit of advice at least? Sweet...see everyone there! Whew...I was readying my signs to join the Googlers on the picket lines to show solidarity through this difficult time. "But I don't want to be a pro writer of trash novels that are read and discarded on the beaches of the world," he retorted. Given the choice, I'd much rather write the kinds of articles you see in Scientific American or the Economist. By writing for the masses, you must write for the lowest common denominator. No thanks. Give that guy a Klondike bar. Seriously, can someone please give this guy some pro bono legal advice? It would be a shame to lose this just because he didn't know for sure that all he needs to do is change the name. The author is naive if he thinks that this initiative is going to wipe out all the for-profit ventures in this arena. I enjoyed counting up the logical fallacies and incidences of circular reasoning throughout the post, though. That completely sucks. I can't believe that some company thinks they're entitled to what a developer built in his spare time, using no company resources (assuming that's the case, of course). Fuck being owned by some piece of shit corporate machine. I feel like I read somewhere that these types of agreements are usually not enforceable in California, but Freewebs looks like they're headquartered in Maryland (though SGN is in CA), so it might depend on where he was working when this occurred. Regardless, it sounds like bullshit. Hope he fights and wins. You do what you did: you quit. You will never get rich working for someone else. You may make a few million over the course of years, but without ownership, you'll never build true wealth. Chalk it up to learning, start your own thing, don't look back. Or come and work for me ;-) It comes down to petty greed. But it's even worse than greed. It's unbridled greed with no integrity whatsoever. Why build something solid that adds value when you can steal it from someone else who toiled and risked to do so? starting a business with friends and hiring friends are two different things. Looks awesome...great job! "However, they are also potentially gaining a sale from a user who would have not normally purchased their music, but downloaded and decided to buy." The analogy breaks down because music and other forms of media are just pure information, so there is no reason to buy it if you already downloaded it, especially as the friction of obtaining an illegal copy is reduced to zero. I'd like to see some evidence or indication that this is deliberate on any level. Isn't this what Gnip is doing, except that Gnip's solution is readily available to anyone who wants it? In fact, I believe Gnip uses XMPP to push notifications to data consumers, which seems even more efficient. Am I missing something? whoa! that was...unexpected. Whoa...those are some pretty nifty ideas. Sign up for a preview of BlueSwarm.com ;-) Got it. So this is designed to be the piece that allows publishers to easily integrate with intermediate services like Gnip, or with aggregation services like FF, SocialThing, etc. Buying a physical copy of a book is a little different, as it does offer some additional benefit (in terms of portability, different medium, whatever). However, let's say that your argument is that some people will like the author and "buy" a copy of the music they already have, even though that copy offers zero additional benefit to the consumer. That's a donation, not a purchase. I wish more clients realized this and were comfortable with such an arrangement. It does require a great deal of trust in your developer, though. Ugh...I hate Forbes.com with all their ads and janky crap. here's a slightly more bearable version: http://www.forbes.com/2008/08/27/microsoft-google-browsers-c... Create something you care about and have fun doing it...you never know where it will go. And don't worry too much about having the "right" background. The great thing about the web, and technology in general, is that it enables people without the right background or pedigree to turn the world upside down. Just go do it. I agree with several of the author's points, but I'm not sure the case is made clearly enough that this would be an advantage. Perhaps some examples of the architecture would help. Also, I'm not sure that #2 is a benefit of such a system over any other offline client. And if you want offline access to web-based apps, products like Google Gears seems to be the way to go, rather than yet another client app. The one about thinking that they needed to move really fast reminds me of one of my favorite quotes, recounted in "The Dip" by Seth Godin: "We knew that Google was going to get better every single day as we worked on it, and we knew that sooner or later, everyone was going to try it. So our feeling was that the later you tried it, the better it was for us because we'd made a better impression with better technology. So we were never in a big hurry to get you to use it today. Tomorrow would be better." ~Sergey Brin (cofounder Google) That's a crazy mentality to have, and stands in such stark contrast to most of the frantic behavior of startups today. Take your time and build a great product. definitely some downsides to this service: -inserts ads -your users must signup via the zeep mobile panel -all messages are sent and received from the zeep shortcode that being said, there are no volume restrictions, and free is a powerful motivator, especially for side projects or hobby apps. Oh, it's not going to stop us, or even slow us down. If anything, having responsibilities like a wife and kids has focused our energies on what's really important to us. I was just curious as to how YC might view things like this. Awesome...exactly the kind of stuff I was looking for. Thanks! Hmmm...not sure that anyone would characterize founding a web startup as "safe" ;-) Hmmm...I understand what you're saying, but you seem to be presenting a false dichotomy where the only two options are starting a web company or a restaurant. For the vast majority of people with kids, the "safe" option is getting a good job that pays well and offers good benefits. It's also a bit disingenuous to say that if your web business fails, you lose nothing. Perhaps that's true for a single guy who is starting a company with some friends, but for the average married founder w/kids, there is a significant investment that will need to made in the form of time spent on their startup, as well as mental and psychological energy. Not to mention any cash investment, and the lost income that could have been earned with the time spent on the startup. If you fail, there is a cost. A little defiant, eh? I like it. When is it ever worth not applying? I'm sure that certain things hurt your chances in YC's eyes, but hopefully they don't have such blinders on that all of those things are immediate deal-killers. I feel that the exercise of filling out the application is useful in itself, and if they pass, no loss. I disagree with the premise that anger towards VCs isn't warranted. The author paints a picture of the VC as an innocent victim of changing times: "VC doesn’t have a greater share of bad actors than the ecommerce or gaming sectors. Large-scale, software VC is simply a formerly great business in decline, and there are a lot of good, smart people who haven’t made in VC yet who are worried about their (and their families’) economic futures. It’s not evil — it’s their job and they may not feel they can switch." Those poor VCs who have no other career options available to them, and must therefore resort to squeezing every last drop of blood from entrepreneurs who don't know any better. I absolutely believe that there are some fantastic VCs out there, but anger against the industry is only natural when you've been screwed over like some of these companies have. Well, that's a personal decision, obviously, but your post didn't say anything about you not applying because you didn't want to be away from your family, just that you didn't think YC would accept you because you have a family. Agreed...I walked away twice from a fledgling startup that wasn't willing to offer me fair terms. The first time, they offered equity that was barely in the single digit range ;-) Neither of the other two founders are technical people, and they can't afford to hire someone, so I found this pretty laughable. They came back with a much higher percentage, but they wouldn't agree to me getting the same vesting arrangement that they were getting / would get in a future round. So far, they've not really gone anywhere since I walked. another reason for companies to not store your data forever. Would freebase work for what you need? Judging from a lot of the management I've observed, even augment is probably a bit optimistic. I can see several issues with this approach: 1. The article paints a picture of a world where "management" basically becomes a role of data-entry and adjusting some parameters and constraints until the system tells you what to do. It seems unlikely that managers are going to support such a system. 2. The system can only do so much to take the human factor into account. The author of the article compares this system to efforts by IBM over the last few decades to apply similar research efforts to supply chain management. But people aren't widgets in a global supply chain operation, and are unlikely to appreciate being reduced to an interchangeable commodity deployed by an algorithm. 3. The system is not allowed to use personnel files, including performance appraisals, in the analysis. It would seem like this would be one of the richest sources of actual data in the system. I still think the approach has some value and is definitely interesting, but I'm not sure that it will have the impact that they seem to expect. Where's the space elevator? I think that's true to a certain extent, but I also tend to subscribe to Ray Kurzweil's theory that futurists overestimate the pace of change in the short-term and underestimate the pace of change in the long-term. The reason for this is that the pace of change is not constant, but is increasing exponentially, as new technologies enable more rapid iterations of development and market adoption of even newer technologies, and so on. However, this exponential trend is difficult to grasp from our perspective today, so futurists tend to extrapolate out the current pace of change into the future (along with a healthy dose of optimism), when in reality, change is accelerating. Create something awesome that people want and need, whether it's a product, content, or a service. I'm not saying that "if you build it, they will come", but the vast majority of the blogs, companies, and personal brands out there vying for attention are copycats, peddling the same tired content, commentary, and poorly-executed ideas. Another sweet site in this same vein is http://mobaganda.com This guy's analysis is basically this: they won't be able to do it. Also, his assertation that a touchscreen doesn't add much value to a web browser is nonsense. I love browsing on my iPhone, because it's intuitive and easy to navigate. But browsing on my blackberry was annoying as hell. Scrolling through all the links on the page to get to the one you want is a horrible user experience. I'd say that $250 - $300 is a more realistic price range for this thing that they're building, but let's see what they can pull off. A keyboard for this kind of device would be stupid. If that's what you're after, just get an Eee. And browsing the web without a touchscreen or some kind of pointing device would be a horrible experience. They've got the concept nailed for the most part...now the challenging is building it for that price. Let me sum this article up for you: C++ sucks...blah blah blah...Java sucks too...blah blah...every OOP language sucks...blah blah...philosophy crap...blah blah blah. No solutions, just bitching about how everything sucks, wrapped in enough pseudo-intellectual bullshit to drown a mule. Agreed, though they shouldn't be allowed to label that access as "unlimited". Also agree with the poster below who bemoans the monopolistic nature of broadband. Many markets have only one or two viable options for broadband internet access. Question: are you guys offsetting Google's server usage as well? And if not, why wouldn't I just use Google? Seems like it's better to avoid using extra energy in the first place, rather than using and subsequently offsetting it. Side note: damn Alex, you've got quite the academic resume ;-) Actually, a tiny proportion of people run 64-bit Linux. It's easy to claim that society is going down the wrong path, especially if you define that path somewhat nebulously (not enough innovation!) and don't give any concrete examples. Just what kinds of innovation are people looking for that they're not getting? And further, what innovations from decades ago are we still relying on today and not innovating through? In so many areas, from medicine to biotech to clean energy to nanotechnology to space exploration to the web, we are seeing new waves of progress and research. Is our pace as fast as it could be? Probably not. But let's call it what it is, instead of predicting gloom and doom. Well, I'm no Scoble, but my opinion is that your site looks great. Best of luck at DEMO! Step 1: done Step 2: in progress Step 3: never ending :-) Actually, the author says this in the first paragraph: "...nor do they obviate the need to address mundane matters such as war, poverty, disease, climate change, and helping Democrats win elections. " So I'd say that it was a fair statement by the commenter above. As Guy stated, for most companies, going the YC route qualifies as plan B more than plan A. Two guys living in their parents basement and giving up 6% for 15 - 20k so they can scrape by for six months is a far cry from giving up 30 - 40% for $1-2m so you can hire five people and burn through that money in less than a year building a product for all the users you're sure you're going to get. I tried to read this, but the text was too dense for me to concentrate on from this noisy coffee shop. Oh well. This strikes me as really inappropriate for HN, almost to the point of being offensive. Judging by the poster's comments, he/she clearly believes that the founders on HN are "contributing" to the problems the world is facing by pursuing their dreams and starting companies. I would argue that just the opposite is true, for three reasons: 1. People with large amounts of disposable income have the opportunity to have a huge impact in developing nations. Many charitable foundations and global health & poverty efforts were started by people who made their wealth in a tech startup. Look at the efforts of the Gates Foundation, for example. 2. Some startups have actually targeted problems that "really matter" and are trying to do their part to have a positive impact on the world. The first example that comes to my mind is CO2Stats. 3. Technological innovation actually creates wealth in the world, and as someone else pointed out, we are seeing many countries emerge from extreme poverty, largely due to the influences of technology over the last fifty years. People like many of those found here on HN have driven those technologies and I'm proud to hang out on a forum with so many people who are hungry for their chance to change the world for the better. Regardless, the poster has obviously made a blanket judgment that none of us are aware or care. The truth is that many of us are aware and care deeply, but this is Hacker News, not Starving Children News. Welcome to contextual relevance. I sometimes wonder how prevalent selection bias is in articles like this and the demographics they feature. If you're a magazine writer in NYC writing an article like this, how do you find people who buy under the influence? Stop people on the street? Go to a crowded bar and chat people up? It seems likely that a decent percentage of your interviews are with friends and friends of friends. It also seems likely that many of those people would be in similar careers. Best line from the article: "a non-detail-oriented securities analyst summarized the article (apparently without reading it first) and uploaded the summary to Bloomberg." Should read: "a lazy and now-unemployed securities analyst..." Have I missed anything? Yeah, you've missed everything. It's a nice idea to try and give an employee what he's looking for from a startup within your corporate environment, but it's just not possible. Corporate employees exist to build wealth for someone else. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a lot of benefits that come with corporate life, primarily stability, but if he wants freedom, he won't get it working for someone else. When I was an employee, I had to remind myself that every benefit and incentive was an addicting trap, designed to keep me from leaving. A steady paycheck will erode an entrepreneur's soul over time, because you come to rely on it and striking out on your own is that much harder. To be clear, I think it's commendable that you're trying to provide a great environment for your employees, but I think the best case scenario here is that you'll work hard to keep him, and you might succeed, but something inside him will die a little and he'll always wonder if he made the right choice. Why not just let him go give it a shot? I think it'll cost you more in the long run to fight it than it would to just get a new employee. And I know we don't want to get sidetracked on this, but entrepreneurs do not "quit their boss". They absolutely do quit their jobs because they long for the freedom and rush of creating something on their own, no matter how awesome their boss is. If you disagree, perhaps that indicates more about the difference between a corporate and entrepreneurial mindset than anything else. Not to brag or reveal my political leanings, but I had my SSIDs set to RonPaul2008 and VoteRonPaul last fall :-) That presumes that every person in the organization signs up. Actual adoption is likely to be far lower. My favorite part of this criticism was how the author implied that this would fail because corporations don't want their business data in the cloud (a viable concern), but then turned around and suggested that companies should make great software that people want, like 37 signals has done. Ironic. Well done. Reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson...something about the tree of liberty :-) Very few good ideas are dependent on getting a certain domain name. Good talk overall, though the format is a kind of annoying on the web. The one comment I would make is regarding his book suggestions: "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" is not a total waste of time, but very close, unless you're completely oblivious to the idea of wealth. Here's the only useful piece of info from it: buy cash-producing assets like real estate or businesses, not flashy cars or glitzy vacations. A better book is "How to Get Rich" by Felix Dennis. You didn't even provide direct links to the "evidence" you were presenting. Links to Google search results pages to back up your statement? Really? http://www.google.com/search?q=denial http://www.google.com/search?q=anti+science 1.5) ensure the coffee shop has no security cameras Congrats on such an amazing accomplishment. I have triathlon on my list of goals for the next couple years, with the eventual goal of doing the Ironman. Definitely looking forward to getting to that level. Whoa! I'm eating that now...that kind of freaks me out. Throw some salsa in the beans and eat it over brown rice. Healthy and tasty. Then you haven't followed very closely. I'm addicted to this site. But would it stay competitive for very long? Just want to respectfully request everyone to calm just a tad...I'm well aware of how bad a metric "lines of code" is, but I was still curious :-) Oh the whole, I would agree with some of his premises, but if his conclusion is actually that houses will lose 90% of their value, he hasn't been right, and he won't be. We definitely saw some crazy over-inflated housing prices, and we're now seeing a correction in many markets, but we're not going to see $400k houses dropping to $40k nationwide. Not even close. According to the reversion to the mean theory, we'll likely see prices drop below the long-term trendline and then climb back up to it. But dropping to 10% of their peak? Perhaps in one or two markets, but even then, I seriously doubt it. Not if you're an entrepreneur. "Tom was very fortunate that he had something else to walk away to...I only wish everyone had as difficult-yet-easy choice as Tom did." Don't most people have the same choice, provided that they want it? From reading the account, it didn't sound like Tom had any special advantages other than being willing to take the risk and go for it. HN is packed with ppl who have taken the plunge into the unknown to start something without having any idea how it would turn out. To characterize their difficult decision as being the result of some special advantage that they had seems like an excuse for why some weren't willing to take the same risks. Interesting article, but is there some reason this is posted in its entirety here instead of linked to? Rackspace is on a spending spree :-) It sounds like what Fred is saying is suspiciously close to the maxim "You have a spend money to make money", which is often quoted by people as they spend money on useless things that will in no way help them make money. As a real estate investor, I can tell you that cash is kingliest when it's sitting in your bank account. It makes expansion much easier, because people are most willing to loan money to people who don't need it. I kind of expect it's the same in the startup world...if you're sitting on a large pile of cash with a low burn rate and high profitability, you can probably raise cash a lot easier than a startup that's down to their last nickel with a huge burn rate and no profitability in sight, yes? I can't believe I fell for that for a split second :) I think the difference is that this guy is taking paying passengers down and some in the industry seem to think that they're not being made fully aware of the risks. I'm pretty sure you just hang around a weird crowd... pages through Facebook to see if anyone's status is building submarine or hobby rocket Yeah, just a weird crowd :-) "I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well." Though humorous, this seems a surprisingly cogent explanation. You can be profitable and still need to raise money to expand more rapidly. Great, more doom and gloom. Hopefully my competitors read this :-) Doing consulting and freelance work but leaving that all behind next month to pursue my startup full-time. Crazy times ahead ;-) This took you five hours? Seriously? That's actually a pretty interesting idea for a website. It held my attention for longer than I thought it would. I voted on probably 10 of the random races. Absolutely...didn't you? Just kidding ;-) Haha...sorry, I just couldn't resist :) I could be wrong, but I think this letter illustrates why why many of us are attracted to startups. This kind of esprit de corps, this sleeping under your desk and working around the clock doing everything you can to move the ball forward, this single-minded insanity that focuses 100% of your effort and will on building something amazing and changing the world forever. Is it probably just naive and idealistic and ridiculous? Yeah, it probably is. But I think at the end of the day, many of us just want to be that committed to something. After reading your comment, I immediately headed over to Wikipedia to refresh my memory on the Monty Hall problem. The results of my search are a good illustration of why I love the internet: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_hall_problem The article is nearly 6000 words and includes diagrams, detailed mathematical explanations, a very detailed synopsis of the history of the problem, and links to like 50 sources. All for a probability puzzle. Unbelievable. But would 5% of their users? I could see that. You eat elephants one bite at a time. Startups usually have to pick an area to start with, whether it's a demographic, a feature set, or a geographic area. Don't take it personally. From the wording, it sounds like the "requirement" will only extend to high school and college students, not citizens of all ages. I agree that this sounds onerous, but I suspect that the requirement will only extend to students at government-funded institutions. I seriously doubt that a requirement for all private citizens to give their time would stand up under judicial scrutiny. The rest of this article is just baseless conjecture about what will and will not qualify as community service. I think he's saying that the HTML-parsing approach only works when the HTML is well-formed and for most sites, it isn't.