byrenesreview basically answered below where he said at least half of hedge funds and traders use Excel. Thing is, hedge funds, quants in general will be way more likely to use real modelling software than everybody else, so byrne's experience of them using anything but Excel is skewed. In I-banking, Private Equity, management consulting, the financial industry generally, Excel is king. If you look at BankersBall they have a tab for excel tricks. Dealmaven got bought for $14m recently, and their product (apart from the bootcamp, which obviously doesn't scale) was a financial modelling package, or rather, training in modelling, along with macros, shortcuts and a manual for Excel, as it's used in finance (really very good training in modelling, as you'd expect from a firm with a Wharton prof on board) China's non-democratic system means it invests in infrastructure before other more immediately demanded things. I think it has a better education system from primary to secondary, as outside of Kerala a lot of teachers are habitually absent. India has higher barriers to entry in damn near everything because of the "Licence Raj" and insane employment legislation. Its almost impossible to fire people once your enterprise has more than 100 employees. China has been experiencing the demographic dividend (falling birthrate means the dependency ratio drops, and you get a bulgein the population pyramid in the working age population, more taxes, fewer pensions and childcare) Hey, will your mate take an English speaker with no intention of working legally, who doesn't want to pay tax, with no intention of staying longer than a year? That is one lousy article. It's too short, and doesn't come with enough provisos. I agree with the spirit of what he's saying, but for crying out loud, people are expensive to train, and lots of them turn out useless anyway. I'm sure there are many, many fields where Trojan work and a determination not to give up will get you very far if you get a little luck and grab it for all it's worth, but you have to be up to hammering your head at that wall until it breaks, and in some fields the wall ain't breaking (mostly due to licenture issues) A friend took three years to get into video games programming after building a substantial portfolio, getting business experience and doing a Masters that's stupidly competitive to get into, after getting his CS/IT degree. If you're that bloody minded, sure you can make it, but don't put down the people who turn you down when you're an unknown quantity. Look at your situation with cold eyes, not fake optimism and opinions of your worth and capability. http://www.smallparty.org/yoram/quantum/ Quantam Microeconomics by Yoram Bauman "The basic text, Quantum Microeconomics, is intended for use in introductory classes. A calculus-based version (unimaginatively titled Quantum Microeconomics with Calculus) is available for intermediate courses or math-intensive introductory courses, but it is much less polished. Both versions are covered by a Creative Commons license that establishes simple guidelines under which you (or anyone else) can freely use and/or modify the text for non-commercial purposes." There can be great value in personal interaction. I agree that big lectures like described should and will die off. However, the fastest way to learn anything is to have a series of conversations with an expert. (I guess that could still be reproduced by videochat or something...) I understand this has long been the model in many UK schools. The long conversations with an expert are purely an Oxbridge thing, it costs waaay too much to do that for it to be worthwhile for students with less potential/no tradition of doing so. The author said he'd read Vom Kriege, which is Clausewitz's "On War" I love Freakonomics, it's a large part of the reason I'm studying economics but that chapter is a catastrophic pile of wrong. Two articles picking it to pieces http://www.bos.frb.org/economic/wp/wp2005/wp0515.pdf http://islandia.law.yale.edu/donohue/Joyce%20%282004%29.pdf ) In Ireland and Britain college = university. I believe the US has a ~distinction that a college is an undergraduate institution, which may or may not be part of a university, but the rest of the Anglosphere follows British usage in that a college is post secondary school though it may not be degree granting, like the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. The US IRS claims a right on your income for ten years after you renounce citizenship, which given the hoops you have to jump through to renounce US citizenship is a bit rich. Why would you want to take both? It would seem to me that if people are approaching you asking to invest you're in a fantastic position. The money they're offering seems (Q2 2010) to be more than the standard YC offer but what you're getting there is (mentorship + community + brand + Demo Day + MONEY) whereas all you're guaranteed from the Angel/Seed Fund is money. You will more than likely get mentorship as well but the community and brand are not availabler outside YC. It sounds like you're being offered ~double YC standard investment, but how much stock your potential investors want is not mentioned. You're obviously in a good position with people looking to invest in you already but why would YC take on the pain of having others in on the round with them on anything resembling an equal basis unless they think you're so fantastic a bet that they'd be fools not to take it, like when Sequoia and Kleiner (bastards who invest in patent trolls) Perkins went in together on Google, which didn't need the money? Don't allocate it to the shareholders at all. Allocate it to the executives. Arnold Kling got there first with a proposal that institutions that are obviously "too big to fail" and as such have a government guarantee should be bound by a spirit-of-the-law (S)contract, rather than the letter. "I would like to see managers of government-protected institutions take an oath to safeguard the soundness of their companies. I would like to see them subjected to prison terms for violating that oath. The oath is a general promise, not satisfied simply by staying within the boundaries of L regulation. I believe that S regulation would change the motives of bank managers. They would be looking for ways to avoid failure, rather than for ways to stay within the letter of the law." http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2008/11/letter_of_law_s.... Once a year, my management team sits down, reviews every employee's work, and recalculates every employee's level. There's your incentive, besides profit sharing[1], to buckle down and work hard. Besides, if Joel & co. have an eye on market wages through use of glassdoor, they're not going to get very far out of line in the course of a single year. [1] This works at the size Fog Creek is now, but somewhere around 100-120 employees it breaks, because you nobody has a good feel for how individual productivity feeds into company productivity, and it turns into politics. Good god yes. Never mind the UK, Europe needs a proper YC clone, and if one gets significant traction anywhere in the EU/EFTA it'll have the same kind of advantage in that space as YC does in the US, i.e. first pick. A good YC clone would be fantastic but (as the sainted pg says, pbuh) angels are the limiting factor. YC Edinburgh would be fantastic and given time might be sufficient to build a proper startup hub, but if some entity ponies up the cash for the "buy a Silicon Valley" plan, you're crushed. Even aside from that a substantial portion of any Scottish clone's rounds would end up in London. Dragon's Den Pro- They decide very quickly. Con- The expertise is not there, so they will say yes seldom. Seedcamp They're later stage than YC. Good and all but you need a let a thousand flowers bloom thing. Prince's Trust/Government grants Pro- Lots of money Con- The anti-angel. Not an entrepreneurial bone in their bodies, must fill out forms and justify why the money went to this company rather than that one. Can you imagine an agent with more perfectly misaligned incentives? They have no upside if their investment decision goes right, and probably no downside either. People in those kind of jobs very rarely get fired. Coda: Yeurope appears to be moribund, so the spot is open again. Their website hasn't been updated in ages and has advanced linkrot. Very true. But the UK does have founders, startups and money. Not nearly as much as the US, and no cluster approaching the valley, but the network is a surmountable problem. One could probably get government sponsorship for a regular meetup/conference with speaker honoraria, etc. This would go some way to fixing this problem. Not all the way, but it'd be a start. jlees is looking at this from a Scottish perspective, so maybe getting Scottish Enterprise to sponsor monthly Techcrunch UK shindigs in Edinburgh would be an idea. Again, Scotland suffers the substantial disadvantage of not being London, or within the Golden Triangle. If I were attempting this I'd probably go to one of the Science Enterprise Centres at various UK universities, and attempt to get them to host a monthly meetup, get them to do it in co-operation with the Business School. Again, London would be best. I was just noting davidw's point on the speakers, the network. If U. Edinburgh can get speakers over from the valley on a semi-regular basis this isn't that big a problem. Yet again, London's better because the number of cool intersting people passing through will be orders of magnitude higher so you can piggy-back off of that, more and better speaker opportunities. But your point is well taken, meetups are not a big problem, and the lack of them is relatively easy to overcome. A proper YC clone probably requires (a)Angels, plural, successful ones, with personal experience of startups (b)20-50K per round, so assuming 2 rounds a year, and three years to get some form so others will back you thereafter, ~120K min. I think that's it, and if you're lucky you could get away with less. Here, government might be useful. 60K isn't chickenfeed but it is doable in grant aid. If you could find someone willing to pony up 60K, you could get matching funds from a local authority somewhere in the UK, or from one of the enterprise incubators. Almost everyone who gives speeches on a (semi)regular basis will be used to some hostile questions at the end, and I really don't think you get to that level without being able to defend your ideas in other less formal contexts. Sure, the YC dinners are weekly, no-holds-barred, and have a select audience, but if you have a proper YC clone going you will be able to get speakers on a weekly basis. Probably not of the same quality, or with the same ease, but you can get speakers. The other points fall under All discussions follow Chatham House Rules South Korea is currently ~2.5% of global GDP, China ~6%. The UK is ~3.9%. South Korea is legitimately a big deal, and writing off that market would be dumb, by the most conservative estimate its the 16th biggest economy in the world, and its internet active population is waaay above trend, so its even more important for Google than that alone would suggest. Summary: Real programmers (not complimentary) don't document, don't maintain, always do things the hard way because that's the only way to get bragging rights, object strenuously to giving up even a little freedom in order to make it harder to make mistakes. Oldskool RPs programmed in hard things like assembler, which at least forced you to know your way around algorithims and memory management. The new breed do not have that saving grace. Commentary: It sounds like the difference between a Real Programmer and a good hacker is skill, documentation and math/data structures/algorithims. I can't remember which essay it was in but pg recommended always doing things the hard way because if it even occured to you to do things the hard way, it's probably because you can see a benefit from it already, and it makes it much harder for competitors to catch up if you do this consistently. Newspapers provide facts and opinion. The facts can't be copyrighted so anyone can repeat them. The opinion and the bias of any particular newspaper are noise not signal from the point of view of increasing the actual information you have. Its the internet killing the newspapers, by unbundling what most customers want; entertainment, celebrity gossip, sports reporting, from what "serious journalists" go into journalism hoping to do, investigative reporting, political reporting, policy analysis, etc. Most people don't give a damn about any of this, but the institution of the newspaper means the advertisers who pay the salaries of everybody on the newspaper get the (large) audience of people who buy the paper for gossip and sport and the (small) one who buy it for policy wonkery, so there's a cross-subsidy. There are also bloggers who are much better than the vast majority of what you'll see in the papers. The average quality is lower, but the sample size is enormously bigger, and the variance is really rather large so the opinion niche is also threatened. And some people will do it excellently for free. So the newspaper business model is dead. Facts can't be copyrighted, opinion is available for free, cross-subsidisation is no longer viable, and across the developed world the newspaper reading population is trending down. There are bright spots, like India, but most 1st world journalists are screwed. So an entire industry is thrashing around with two choices;(a) die (b) Find an alternative business model. As the biggest, most profitable pure play internet company, shaking Google down is a better choice than resigning oneself to death. As such if you're looking for someone to get mad at, someone to negotiate with as if they're the Internet, they're the best bet. Only 49 companies went public last year, the fewest since 1992, depriving venture firms of the source of 45 percent of revenue and 90 percent of profits, based on data from 2007. Japanese funds, which together manage 1.04 trillion yen ($10.6 billion), get more than twice as much revenue from IPOs as U.S. and European firms, according to Venture Enterprise. From 5 minutes googling the firms mentioned as the largest Japanese VC funds they appear to be more along the lines of exchange traded funds, or at leat they appear to be actual companies themsleves that are traded on a stock exchange, not something I think you can do in the US (SEC rules etc., must have mucho money to be an accredited investor) This means they can't go "Right, so we'll sit on our money for two years then" like a consistently profitable, but not Sequoia or Kleiner Perkins level fund could in the US. They're vulnerable to the stupidities of the quarterly results driven market, and could theoretically be bought up for market cap and the individual components sold off at a profit[1]. This screams money to be made to me. Not by me, unfortunately, but if someone had fluent Japanese and English and was enough of a hacker to do a proper appraisal on some of these companies could get together with someone with VC experience, IPO and M&A experience they could do an analysis on portfolio companies and make offers. Summary: With a Japanese-English bilingual team, Techs capable of doing technical due diligence, and finance people with domain expertise, assets could be bought for very good value. [1] I have no idea if this is likely to happen to any of these companies or not. It's mainly illustrative. Also, sometimes having a market cap lower than book value is sometimes correct. GM has been in that situation since the 70s. Medical and dental wages are high in large part due to licenture, same as lawyers. They all have guilds, where a union also certifies, so they limit supply to the benefit of incumbents and the detriment of potential entrants and clients. Address them by name every so often during the intrnoductory conversation. Look at them while repeating their name in your head. I want a credential. I learn on my time. I'm well aware that the learning from testing out is going to be minimal, but I'm not interested in these qualifications as an end in themselves, they're worthwhile as a credential filter. If you want to do a second entry degree these degrees would be fantastic. An MBA or an IR Masters does not actually cover material that requires an undergraduate degree (or a J.D. for that matter) so you're just avoiding wasting money. Also, Excelsior College is accredited by Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, so it is a degree, not a "degree". I'm perfectly capable of learning off my own bat, no doubt slower and with more wrong turns and wasted time than if I was in a small liberal arts college but that option is not available, so I read a great deal instead. You're right that I'm not as smart as you are but I am smart enough that the added value of attending lectures and tutorials in history over just having the reading list and access to a good library is minimal in my experience. My university is by no means bad. I see no reason in theory why the hard science degrees could not be awarded purely on the basis of a syllabus and examination, well Math anyway, Physics and Chemistry dependent on lab work. I'll join the chorus saying GED, community college, senior college. If you're a fellow Rightpodian, A-levels, then college. But... If it sucks drop out, if you don't want a post grad and you get a good job offer seriously consider taking it. As far as crippling social goes two things really help, hanging out with people like yourself who you can actually talk to, and serious alcohol abuse. I kid you not. The fastest periods of advancement in my social skills come down to alcohol. You make more mistakes, faster, which is the way to learn. Summary: Pay for those who haven't been fired roughly in line with trends of last 5-10 years. However many have been fired, ~3/4 at Citigroup for example. Some investors say that given the losses they have taken the banks should pay less than the historical norm of ~50% of profits. The executives say if they don't like it they can sell the stock. Because the USA has the appropiate level of paranoia. Grandfathers can continue to father children til they pass away, and we're not actually programmed to die, we're just not optimised for immorbidity. These two things are enough to explain grandfathers. Oh, and grandmothers as caregivers are unique to humans, or at least the menopause is, which is an adaptation for this care giving strategy. I'm not familiar with any other mammalian species with it. More or less agree, Okinawan-Americans don't have much higher life expectancy than your average Asian-American, which is probably due to lifestyle, but Donald pointed out ^ that extreme longevity appears to have a large genetic component. It's not a random choice. You're optimised for the spreading of your genes and if you spend resources on maintaining your body in perfect health and your competitor lets his body run down while spending those resources on progeny he wins on average. The old surviving to compete with the young would not make evolution fail. There are limited resources and competition for them so the ill adapted die, there's nothing in there that stops the old living on forever, and if organisms can't breed together they generally don't copulate (adaptation). Great^8 granddad might want to get it on with g^8 daughter, but she'll be uninterested because her adaptations will not see him as sexual, any more than we'd see a chimp. There is actually only one major family that are asexual the rotifers. Given that sex appears wasteful of energy, the fact that there is only one example of a lineage successful in geological time with asexuality is pretty strong evidence it's a good idea. For more, better, more clearly expressed, read Richard Dawkins. Under no circumstances read anything by Steven Jay Gould to learn biology. That's nice. What proportion of the population is mentally capable of the abstraction and symbolic logic necessary for science? Somewhere between forty and sixteen per cent and forty would really blow my mind. For the maintenance of our way of life we don't need scientists, we need engineers (not suggesting they're scientifically ignorant) Most people are way more interested in people than things so enthusiasm for science is limited to a subset of those capable of it. Sagan was only right if you're in the context of rebuilding after a disaster and if interested amateurs have much to offer we're probably all screwed. Summary: I do not like the fact that pay at investment banks for those who have not been fired is similar to 2007 levels. I shall neglect to mention that between half and three quarters of the people who used to work at these banks no longer do so. Given that banking's outsize paypackets are a product of the post 80's era, why are they returning after the biggest financial crisis in more than 60 years? Apparently it's as a reward for financial innovation. Bernanke's examples of good pieces of financial innovation, not so hot, huh? (1)Credit cards - not very new (2)Overdraft protection (3)Subprime loans No problem with people spening their money as they please, but the banks aren't private. Between nationalisations, guarantees and regulation the financial sector should be acting like public utilities. Interesting but wrong. He's bemoaning the fact that a B.A. serves the same screening purpose that a high school diploma did up until the late 60s, early 70s, the focus on college as a ticket to a decent job and hence a good standard of living. As motivation to improve he compares European secondary education to American, after being appalled at the idea that people are trying to recruit the bottom 40% of the intelligence distribution into college, where they will fail, but will pay money before they drop out. He fails to realise that he's almost certainly not seeing a random sample of the products of European secondary education. The main strengths of the Irish and British systems of secondary education, the only ones I'm vaguely familiar with, are the exit exams, which are brutal, anonymous and fair. They're also available in different gradations of difficulty (usually two, Higher and Ordinary, occasionally three for the subjects people just keep failing, add Foundation.) This means you can stream, and all results are comparable. No trying to compare an A from Podunk High School, west Virginia with one from Philips Exeter Academy. Industrial organisation Sorry if I'm being obtuse but are you making a profit from the average pirate? If you are making money despite them i'd imagine you'd be less sanguine, but if you're making money even from the pirates wouldn't it be in your long term interest to switch to free distribution to grow your user base much, much faster? Obviously the timing is an issue particularly if it'd leave you without much cushion, but shouldn't it be part of your strategy, because otherwise someone else will get there first in that niche and have the fast growth that could otherwise be yours (not necessarily sustainable but fast) Summary: ACLU has turned into a partisan left wing organisation. This is not exactly surprising, and fits Robert Conquest's Three Laws of Politics perfectly. 1.Everyone is conservative about what he knows best. 2.Any organization not explicitly right-wing sooner or later becomes left wing. 3.The simplest way to explain the behavior of any bureaucratic organization is to assume that it is controlled by a cabal of its enemies. How long ago was this? What was the Masters in? I know CS and Comp Ling Masters courses are taught mostly to entirely in English, and it's not hard to find physical science Masters through English in German speaking countries. The Nordic countries ditto, but for humanities degrees as well. Modafinil. Much, much better than coffee. You're just awake, not wired or jittery, just awake and alert. Very little in the way of side effects, doesn't interfere with getting to sleep and no contraindications for long term use either (ttbomk). I can personally recommend sleep sometime in the middle of the day too, a nap when you get home maybe. Best of luck. Summary: There are a ton of sites based on helping students study/cram for college. Some professors don't like it because they can't reuse the exact same questions over and over again every year. Others think it's more or less an extension of a study group, and if there's a problem with people just copypasting answers and such it can be got around by placing less weight on assignments/homework and more on exams, where they really do test just what you actually know. /summons lawyer Apparently one of the sites Cramster, offers worked solutions for even numbered problems (free) and odd numbered (pay $9.95 a month unless you add content yourself) This seems legally dubious to me, on the basis that it's derivative work, like fanfic, so I imagine if one of the big university presses or publishing houses went after them they'd have to pull all that. 1. The average HN reader/commenter is way nerdier than is normal and some late comers to the party that is social skills get aggressive about it. If I can overcome my (para) Asperger's so should you! But it sounds like you're one of those people who are of intersection partyer/social animal & nerd (one interested in knowledge for its own sake) 2. And they don't hang out with people of normal intelligence much. Otherwise they'd know they were smarter than average. [This is not a value judgement on someone's worth as a human being, just on whether they're interesting to talk to on an ongoing basis, or only a few times with interestingness decreasing] 3. I think your problem is not hanging around with smart people. That's it. Occasionally abrasive, intelligent, talkative, argumentative, smart people. Hanging out with people you have to watch yourself with, who you have to consciously tailor your behaviour to is a chore. 4. [asshole] Give me a break. Generalisations work statistically, that's why you've noticed them. If you develop an individual relationship with someone, sure, relate to them as a person, but stupidly huge amounts of human interaction and behaviour can be modelled and gamed if you want to put the time and effort in to learn and apply it. You're over correcting because the cant says that everyone is a special unique snowflake and your experience tells you that's not true but it's not socially acceptable to say that kind of thing. Be more confident in your own experiences [/asshole] 5. Yes, it is, just not with people who get all huffy about this stuff. 6. Hey, if you can get along with everybody at the party even when you've got vanishingly little in common with them, maybe you can go for something where that's useful professionally. Personally I recommend heading to the real big city and hanging out with intellectual peers with a similarly ridiculous range of interests. They might not know what you're talking about but they'll be able to ask intelligent questions, and they'll want to and you'll be able to do the same with them. No, but it is undergoing domain loss. Dialects with their very own army and navy don't disappear. I spend a bit of time in Germany and while I can't speak to phoneme shifts in German because I can't speak the damned language yet, there's pseudo-English all over the place in advertising, street signs, tourist info. But for the advertising really is pseudo-English and sometimes translations are pretty desperate. At the very, very least 10% of Germans have English good enough to hold an intelligent conversation in. ESR is putting too much weight on his personal experience. Most of the Germans I know are CS/Comp Ling or Psychology students and they use lots of English texts in their undergraduate courses and in the computery ones the Masters are all in English. But English is a domain specific language for them. But that's not a language shift. German's not going anywhere. Hell, German dialects aren't going anywhere, most of the Deutschsprecher countries are heavily diglossic, I'd be surprised if Denmark wasn't similar. I think the post could have been written about any of the Germanic languages and it'd be just as wrong. 2/3 of marriages that are the first for both partners end in death. Hey, if he wants leverage he could go live and work abroad for a while where a middle class US lifestyle is livin' it up. Also men's pulling power is a lot less dependent on looks than womens'. dayformaseeyon professseeyonel Don't know about most humans but it's probably the base state for pre-agriculatural humanity, so any ancestry group without long experience of agriculture will probably have higher levels of ADD. Northwestern has a two year J.D. programme. I forget the details but they have inter semester stuff for credit hours. IIRC they're really keen on work experience before letting you in though. Adam Smith Esq. had a good write up on it some time ago. You can practice in NY and possibly some other states with a UK or Irish law degree (undergrad, 3 or 4 years, cheaper). Yeah, but the modal number of copies sold on e.g. Lulu.com is 1 (repeating hearsay seen on 2blowhards.com, I'd check it out but posting from phone) that if you take enough small pseudo random samples, you'll get one far outside the norm eventually, by pure chance. Lots of finance, manufacturing, logistics wealth, trivial amounts of technology wealth (compared to Boston or the Valley.) The expertise isn't there and it has no incentive to move there when there are clusters that are massively more attractive by virtue of the historical forces and path dependence that gave the big clusters a critical mass of expertise and smart money. Is does not imply ought. This is almost certainly bad, over optimistic advice . If the idea of being a member of the professional class depresses you try shooting for the stars before going to college because that's what college is preparing you for. If you want to do the startup thing, surely the thing to do would be move to the Valley, do open source stuff, and just keep trying. Maybe you've heard of Coase's theorem? It's relevant to this discusion. Anyway, above a very small number you can't reliably value someone's true contributions, because there are feedback effects and problems of assymetric information. If you've heard of Dunbar's number that is probably teh absolute maximum anything remotely close to this could work at, and I'd actually be surprised at it working with more than 15 people. But that isn't a company (stocks) it's a partnership. BTW, good on you for doing an app, but the screen is too wide, there's no reason for the scroll bar along the bottom. Also the discussion link is pointless, no activity, no point. Add a highscore thing and ask people if they want to phone home when they get their personal high score. Others below have mentioned taking AP and SAT-2 tests to place out of requirements. Also worth looking up, DSST, CLEP and Excelsior College Exams. Iterating and improving really, really fast. I have nothing remotely resembling any real insight into this, but for something like a pure play internet startup where the barriers to entry are pretty small, it seems like app quality, luck and bloody-minded perseverance are probably the most important factors and you only have any real control over two of those. Web focused analysis follows Patents - This is obviously great if you can get it, but I'd say the space of possible startup ideas that are coverable by patents that enable you to exploit monopoly power is a lot smaller than the ones that don't. Copyrights - Well that'll stop someone stealing your name , but what else have you got? Maybe "look and feel" but even that pushes it. It also requires lawyers, which are well, expensive. Creating a Strong Brand - Requires you to have enough users who like you to use your product and get some buzz. Reduces to building a good product. Creating a Following _^_ Blog - That'll really help with your page rank in the beginning if you update regularly and is a way to build community but it doesn't really have anything to do with preventing knockoffs. If your stuff is good you'll get to the stage where the vast majority of your users aren't even aware you have a blog. PR & SEO - Worth doing only if you have something people will stick around for after they get to your site. You must have something there first. Making the Product Complicated - You mean having solutions to non trivial problems baked into your product? Now that raises the barriers to cloning substantially. And unless you're solving a Hard Problem that has no value proposition (which would be a kick in the teeth if you discovered that was what you'd done afterwards) you've made your product better. As has been mentioned by pg, if you're considering two ways of doing something, one of which is harder, the harder one is almost certainly teh one to go for, because you're only considering it because you know it's better . Trade Secrets - I was going to diss this one but it's actually among the best on the list, and is I think more or less the same as above. "If you're so smart why aren't you rich?" If you've got a metric with higher s/n than the VCs and seed firms have come up with, you have alpha, and that's always in demand. YC and its clones are a consequence of the history and development of the tech industry thus far. Without them, without the embedded cultural nous that's in the Valley, Boston the barriers would be even higher. You Spanish? In US English at the very least libertarian maps to anarcho-capitalist/classical relatively closely. Anarchist is almost always a synonym for anarcho-syndicalist. Because the contribution of medicine to lifespan and quality is dwarfed by cheap, easy and well understood tech like sanitation. Because education of similar quality can be delivered for half the cost (D.C. voucher programme cost a quarter) Because if you were aiming to help the most people possible with your money you sure as hell wouldn't be spending your money in any of the members of the OECD, never mind the USA. In the late Ottoman Empire ~3% of men had more than one wife. Keep in mind that the wife's legal position was better than in most of Europe too. In cultures where the husband is expected to support wives and progeny it gets expensive fast. OTOH there are a lot of places poorer than e.g. Saudi Arabia. In places where the father is further along the continuum to useless sperm donor, like W. Africa promiscuity and the prevalence of multiple concurrent sexual selationships makes it very different. Not really. European universities, many of them aren't that hard to get into, but the dropout rate rate is brutal. Streaming is a lot more institutionalised and certified, something the US could stand to emulate. That's a huge part of the difference right there. The top 60% are well served everywhere but the insistence in the US that everyone is potentially college material e.g. in CA the graduation standards are set on the basis of the admission standards for the UC system, set up for the top eighth of the secondary school graduates. Not wrong but misleading. Agriculture lead to a massive increase in effective population size and in selection parameters, some of which were very strong and sustained. The higher population means more mutations which means more raw material to work with in terms of potential beneficial mutations. As for recently selected alleles the canonical example is probaaly lactose tolerance. You can make a good case its behind the spread of the I-E language family. As another example alcohol tolerance, better tolerance for high starch diet and lower levels of ADD in populations with long histories of agriculture. Contrast recent hunter-gatherers like Oz aboriginies or 'nesians with Europeans or Chinese. Diabetes, alcoholism, poor educational outcomes because of the ADD and other things. AFAIK ADD is practically unknown among East Asians, subsistence rice farming and more than a millenium of civil service exams as social mobility would both select against it. Actually social mobility in the US is lower among the native born than in a whole swathe of other OECD countries, Israel, the UK, most of the Nordics IIRC. That's what you'd expect with a hirtory of rough meritocracy preceding the rest of the world and assortative mating. Ye've been "settling" longer so there'll be fewer people born into one social class who are wildly outside the norms for it. Standard provisos about statistics being a lot more useful talking about populations than individuals apply. Re:alcoholism, yes that was whajt I was trying to say, apologies if I was unclear. But as for fast genetic change 99% or so of Danes are lactose tolerant. Among Chinese less than 5. Agricultural populations will only have less variation than h-gs due to population bottlenecks or if a h-g variant is selected against in an agricultural environment. For a small effect gene assume a 1% higher survival rate. I'm not really up on the maths but with 10k years with 25 year generation time we have 400 generations. I think that's plenty of time to reach fixation. If I was at a computer instead of doing this at my phone I'd do it properly, but if you google the Hardy-Weinberg equation something useful should come up. As a thought experiment consider the polynesian migrations. Assume that given the longer distance between islands each migration event between islands culls thd weakest 20% so each new founder population has a higher mean muscle mass. That's a one generation selection a lot higher than 1%. With 5 such events it wouldn't surprise me if you moved 1or 2 standard deviations in the mean. Look at the difference in physiogonomx between native Taiwaneese and Maori. Less than 1000 years in those migrations, IIRC. I don't know anything about acidophilus but it certainly has a very, very large genetic component. 1. White/Caucasians do still have ADD sure but its definitely lower than h-gs. Just so story explanation: more fragmented government together with a crop package that didn't support the same kind of population density as rice, and hence a smaller government/military class meant there were still benefits to ADD, just at lower frequencies than as hunter-gatherers. Frequency dependent selection like psychopathy or morphs generally. 2. AIUI East Asian means Chinese, Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese if you're really pushing it. The important bit is rice farming, with long histories of stable government, occasionally interupted bx war-is-hell but not really disrupting the system. The North Chinese are wheat farmers and relatively genetically distinct from their brethren. They, and the Mongols do almost certainly have higher levels of ADD but I'd bet against it being higher, even as high as amonp Europeans. Even taking the Mongols as East Asian they're a rounding error if you're counting .ch,.jp and .kr Do you speak from experience? I'd be fairly hesitant dealing with anyone who came from finance who I didn't have a pre-existing relationship with, just because the proportion of sharks is much, much higher there, and their political instincts and grasp of the relevant corporate structures are likely to be so much better than yours. They'll be able to screw you over if they decide to, and they're a lot more likely to. Blog it. Then submit it. So the Japanese get paper and the US gets cars? sounds like a pretty good deal to me. Team sports are great if you can get into them, and completely pointless if they disdain them. Individually oriented physical activities that emphasise co-ordination are good for dyspraxia e.g. dance, martial arts, gymnastics. Spend lots of time explaining the blidingly obvious in terms of social skills. Premature advice: acting, improv, debating are all good for socialisation. They're likely to be nerdier than normal, encourage this, and making friends of like interests as otherwise the chances of having no friends whatsoever until they get to a big high school or college are high (unless you live in a major urban area) If you can get them into a gifted and talented programme, whether a summer school or a proper day school do so. They are likely to put no effort whatsoever into tasks and subjects that don't interest them, give up on this pre-emptively. Try to make sure they encounter challenging material relatively early in their education. I was ~16 by the time4 I got to that and nine years later my capacity for necessary grinding work is still low. Now where can I buy the hacked up, not all that well tested "novelty only" home version? Nobody cared much for slavery in the US until Uncle Tom's Cabin came out back then among other gruesome real life accounts. UTC was propaganda, not a real life account. Slaves were much too valuable to be treated in the way depicted in the book. Horrible treatment sure, but what's in the book makes no sense on a commercial/economic level. Those are very, very logically distinct, species and tribe, I mean. You can conceivably have people doing things for the good of the tribe because in a natural environment they're probably related to the other members of the tribe so if the behaviour helps teh sponsoring gene spread, on average it will propagate. "It's good for the species" is never a good explanation for anything, ever. The other members of of a species (of one's own sex) are the competition, the ones you want to fail in comparision to you. Group selection works fine if there's a guiding intelligence behind it, but there are no examples in nature, ttbomk. France has a 2.0 TFR, which is just barely sub replacement and it's been trending upwards since the early 80's. The UK's is 1.94. Both of these countries have heavy net immigration, so they're doing fine. Re:Law and Medicine. The US system for both of these is EVIL in its regressivness and waste of time and talent. Most other Common Law countries have undergraduate law degrees, in the UK they're mostly three years. There is also bugger all reason for Medicine to be a graduate degree, it's all taught. Bond University in Australia does an undergrad medicine programme in 4y 5m, with three trimesters per year, and the UK system has undergrad Med degrees of 5 or 6 years. Computers aren't that hard, but fewer women than men will find them interesting for the same reason fewer women do anything involving math, because Math is boring, things are boring, equations are boring. Using language is interesting, people are interesting, jobs that require lots of social interaction are better than jobs that don't. Most people hate this kind of systematising, abstract, logical thought. Fewer men hate it than women so there are more men in these fields. They mostly don't have LBBs, they have mobile phones that are only used professionally. Eh, we clearly do have selection for sperm production. We have the second biggest balls in proportion to body size of any primate, which strongly suggests that only the (bonobo?) chimpanzees fuck around more than us. Pyschopaths don't love anybody. it's not a synonym for bad/evil person, it's a constellation of correlated traits, but at a very rough approximation- A psychopath is someone who sees others as means not ends. Their existence is irrelevant except insofar as they serve his wants or needs, or prevents them being satisfied. A borderline psychopath, one of the people who was born that way inclined rather than straight born that way, and who was triggered by environment will probably be no more attached to any human being ever than you would be a to a pet. http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118600577/abstrac... "For example, in the SMPY cohorts, although more mathematically precocious males than females entered math-science careers, this does not necessarily imply a loss of talent because the women secured similar proportions of advanced degrees and high-level careers in areas more correspondent with the multidimensionality of their ability-preference pattern (e.g., administration, law, medicine, and the social sciences). By their mid-30s, the men and women appeared to be happy with their life choices and viewed themselves as equally successful (and objective measures support these subjective impressions). Given the ever-increasing importance of quantitative and scientific reasoning skills in modern cultures, when mathematically gifted individuals choose to pursue careers outside engineering and the physical sciences, it should be seen as a contribution to society, not a loss of talent." Or just think of the sex distribution of nerdery, which is to Asperger syndrome as AS is to autism, which Simon Baron Cohen has described as an extreme version of the male brain. You're right, I was wrong, we fall in between the gorillas and chimpanzees, so we seem to be mildly polygynous but not dramatically so (consistent with our degree of sexual dimorphism) http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/09/070925090250.ht... Why should we prefer licencing to certification, if desired with protected titles so that the difference between e.g. a Software Engineer (certified) and a programmer is abundantly obvious to anyone to anyone who does the research? Likewise lawyer (passed Bar exam) and an employee of a legal services company which does the kind of routine legal services that are well within the capabilities of the average paralegal but whicg they'd be prosecuted for offering withoug the imprimatur of a J.D. now. We know how to solve failed states, it's not politically possible when the Imperial power isn't willing to trade off popular sovereignty against lives saved. Given the choice between good government and self government people will choose the latter Common sense = conventional wisdom. They're both wrong reasonably often. Have you never taken an instant dislike to someone within seconds of meeting them? Or indeed, felt a connection with someone you haven't known long enough to have any real bond? These are mostly subconscious reactions to demeanour, tone and (much weaker) dress. You've heard "First impressions last", right? So obviously we judge people outside of conscious, logical thought processes. Person and Costume: Effects on the Formation of First Impressions http://fcs.sagepub.com/cgi/content/abstract/4/1/32 First Impressions: Making Up Your Mind After a 100-Ms Exposure to a Face http://www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/118597412/abstrac... Confirming first impressions in the employment interview: a field study of interviewer behavior http://cat.inist.fr/?aModele=afficheN&cpsidt=3296559 An incredibly long, well reasoned and cited, highly vitriolic and personally insulting to Romer take on the "charter city" idea. (Really, I'm not kidding it is incredibly long.) Summary: There is an English word for charter city, and it is colony. http://unqualified-reservations.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-cr... Eh, I agree on the low likelihood but I think the massive value creation from a success renders the expected value high enough for it to be worth campaigning for. The problem of binding a sovereign is very real whether the titular sovereign (whoever, Namibia, Haiti, Cuba) or the world-sovereign (the US, obviously) to their stated policy is, ah, rather difficult. Also, Dubai. Not shining bright at the moment but really 30 years ago there was practically nothing there and it hardly has Western standard rule of law even now, but look at what's there. One way of setting this up I could see would be some country with massive illegal immigration problems setting up an SEZ without freedom of movement to the metropole, and allowing free immigration to that along with some very minimal law enforcment. I know Greece has insane immigration from illegals and it's not going to stop. Imagine they take some barren Agean rock, ~ Manhattan sized and allow free immigration with no minimum wage or constraints on voluntary contract for people over x years of age. Eastern Mediterranean New York in 15 years. I think you overestimate the difficulty of physical infrastructure, that's a solved problem, throw money at it. Deport everybody. Or just leave it there. Mogadishu/Somalia isn't even that destabilising to East Africa which mostly has more or less functional states. Also, the only reason Somalia doesn't have a stable internationally recognised government at the moment is that the US has a hate on for Islamists of any stripe. If they hadn't put so much effort into the puppet Transitional Government and the invasion of Somalia by their Ethiopian client Somalia (possibly absent Puntland, probably absent Somaliland) would no longer be a failed state, it would just be a really shit one . Seriously, imagine the Cosa Nostra take over the running of AgeanManhattan, protection rackets and all. Now, what do you call them? The government. They're a subsidiary government of Greece, which holds ultimate, internationally recognised sovereignty over AgMan, but whosoever holds the monopoly over the use of force is thus legitimate and sovereign. Also, seriously Greece is not a terribly impressive first world country but it is one. I wouldn't be surprised if they had paramilitary police units sufficient to subdue a dense, networked city of 6 million. I figure 20K would do it easily. They would more or less definitionally have total air superiority, which combined with large well trained, armed and co-ordinated police/soldiers would render any putative contest grotesquely one sided. Also, these people wouldn't be citizens, they'd be guests/subjects. No vote, no political power, no constituency. The Greek police don't play very nice with Greeks . I imagine the Greek Army would be nastier. (Leaving to go to bed, will reply to any reply tomorrow, hoping there's a discussion here when I get back, ciao) We find no evidence of any adverse consequences as a result of the incentive programs. Incentive schools do significantly better on both mechanical components of the test (designed to reflect rote learning) and conceptual components of the test (designed to capture deeper understanding of the material),suggesting that the gains in test scores represent an actual increase in learning outcomes. Students in incentive schools do significantly better not only in math and language (for which there were incentives), but also in science and social studies (for which there were no incentives) , suggesting positive spillover effects.... Uh huh. So sich erinerren ≡ zu sich erinneren? I'm guessing that it's a historical accident that "to" is demed part of the infinitive in English and "zu" isn't in German. Wart, meinst du die getrennte Verben? [Pedant] Mann braucht kein "do" in "We do split" [/Pedant] In your situation I would go for Oxford. I'm biased since I've got an uncle teaching there in Economics. Cambridge is better in Sci/Eng Oxford in Arts/Social Science. But if you wanted to do Ec you'd be better off at LSE. The faculty access at Oxbridge is incomparably better than anywhere else worldwide, Ivy League, Stanford, whereever. Ox and Cam are both great, they both have good startup scenes by European standards. Cambridge's is definitely better. If only Ox has the course combination you want go there. You can improve the scene there, get a rep, like jedchristiansen at Cambridge (seed accelerator MBA thesis guy, ask him) email me Might be ridiculous, might not. French general universities are cookie cutter, they're al meant to be more or less equivalent. The Grande Écoles focus on one specific subject, so they get hammered on rankings, but they are all excellent in their fields. There are no great German universities, full stop, for the same reason as in France, and tehy don't have a GE equivalent. There are some departments in some universities that are world class, Karlsruhe in CS, Saarbrucken in Computational Linguistics. The point about bureaucracy is especially vacuous. Can we even imagine a school or school district, public or private, without imagining an attendant bureaucracy? Probably not above a certain minimum size (of school), but we can easily imagine a smaller bureaucracy. If you abolished the LAUSD or NY's and made school districts for every area with 10,000 ± x students you could replace the vast majority of the bureaucracy with volunteer labour, otherwise known as busybody parents. Seriously, what is the point of having these administrators? Record keeping and quality control are the only thingsd that come to mind. Parents have pretty good incentives to monitor quality if they have a chance of actually getting something done by making a stink, which becomes harder and harder the bigger a school district becomes. Someone explain the point of school districts above size x to me please. I don't see any obvious economies of scale above the levels where you have enough kids you can hire your own ful time child psychologist, and I think 10,000 people per would be well above that, and smaller than the size where people's first response to crap schools would be to think about private schools, and second would be to think about moving. Interestingly, those businesses with reputations for hiring top talent don't seem to complain about specific coursework. Yes, because they assume they can train you. If you're a smart bastard, you'll learn fast, and almost anybody will learn faster by applying knowledge than by reading a textbook. "And, Google certainly has a penchant for hiring smart people without regard to specific technical knowledge." Again, yes. What does this suggest? Google (and like companies) are hiring for intelligence, not specific skills. What does this suggest combined with the lack of concern about specific coursework? They're hiring for intelligence, they're not that bothered about what you know, and they mostly recruit from top schools. This suggests that the top schools mostly act as a filter; anyone who got into School X is a smart bastard, so we should give strong consideration to hiring them just because they're smart. So Google could cut out the middleman and hire based on SATs and cut out the middleman. Why not? They like some skills, and getting through college signals a certain degree of conscientiousness, which is good to have in employees. Edit: Changed India to Ireland; apparently Indians speak English. So do Irish. Well under 5% of Irish people have any real level of fluency in "Gaelic". I got a well above average grade and I discovered yesterday that I'd forgotten the words for ear, eye and egg (linguistic noodling). Everybody in Ireland speaks English. Ukrainian (waits for the hordes of Ukrainian nationalist to descend) I'm thinking of doing an econometrics Masters, could I pick your brain on whether it's a good idea or could you point me to any resources that would give me a better idea if this was a good idea? E.g. by the end of an econometrics Masters I'd be able to perform statistical analysis on anything, like genetic data? A variety of things. Discrimination against ubernerds In addition to demonstrated academic competence, the Admissions Office began giving more weight to non-academic factors, looking for applicants with leadership potential and a commitment to give back to the community. Mentoring Programme The most extensive single activity of the Women@SCS Advisory Council has been the Big Sister/Little Sister program, which pairs upper-class and graduate students with firstyear and sophomore CS majors. Changing emphasis/delivery of (introductory) courses Even more, insights provided by the Council are likely to have profound impact on the curriculum. In her green paper circulated at a meeting with faculty, senior Ting-Chih Shih clearly pointed out that the current CS undergraduate curriculum serves male students far better than females. For one, the entry programming courses favor students with more experience (usually men) who seem to get better scores effortlessly As a result, many women begin thinking that learning computer science takes innate talent and no amount of hard work will pay off They start to lose confidence and forget their initial interest in computer science Moreover, the way lectures are presented seem to appeal to men more. In general, females feel that the birds-eye view of a problem, and the end result, are more relevant than the coding details in between How do you think they'd react to (a) Economics (b) Econometrics? I'm going to guess (a) would be laughed at but that a quasi-statistician can always find work in a field with lots of data. Truly, my heart bleeds for the M.D. aspirants of the world. Point taken for real doctorates though. http://medicalhypotheses.blogspot.com/2009/09/clever-sillies... You don't say. They do appear to be at least as predictive as High School GPA though. These things are useful when dealing with populations, less so with individuals. To a college administration bureaucrat you are not some unique snowflake sothey want all the information they can get to tell them if you're worth admitting and the SAT is clearly worth considering. Predictor R Predictors R HSGPA 0.54 (0.36) SAT-M, SAT-CR 0.51 (0.32) SAT-CR 0.48 (0.29) HSGPA, SAT-M, SAT-CR 0.61 (0.44) SAT-M 0.47 (0.26) SAT-CR, SAT-M, SAT-W 0.53 (0.35) SAT-W 0.51 (0.33) HSGPA, SAT-CR, SAT-M, SAT-W 0.62 (0.46) http://www.polysyllabic.com/?q=node/216 Posted in response to "Musician makes 26.3% of his net income from just 40 hard- core fans" http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=922535 Microsoft has removed Billions from the economy, even above the Billions they transferred from others to themselves. I think this is incoherent, and I'm certain it's wrong. A monopoly has no incentive to "remove" money from the economy. A profit maximising monopolist in the practically impossible position of being able to price discriminate perfectly such that every customer willing to buy its product at a price above the marginal cost of selling it to them will capture all value created by its product/service, but that just means there's no consumer surplus. Value is still created, it just accrues to the company, which presumably still distributes it to shareholders, suppliers and employees. In more prosaic terms, monopolies "make articles scarce, make them dear and make them bad". I have no idea how many copies of major MSFT products there are but scarce is not true, and quite a lot of people obviously disagree with you on dear and bad. Office utterly dominates its market niche, and it is in large part due to quality and ease of use. Network effects help some but you can't leverage a reputation in one sector too far in another, otherwise Microsoft's accounting software would be the default, and it's not, Quicken is.