I use Gandi, too, for the same purpose. A bonus is that the corporate proxy at work (which blocks DynDNS domains for reasons that are beyond me) does not mind me accessing my personal server. GitHub has a script for DynDNS using the Gandi API: https://github.com/jasontbradshaw/gandi-dyndns It's actually older. I remember using this in 2007 to write lecture notes in LaTeX in collaboration with a friend (our notebooks being connected by Ethernet since the university did not have WiFi back in the days). > allocating the memory for variables Allocation of N variables on the stack is O(1) since it just moves the stack pointer by the total size of all variables. That's called "Design By Contract". You formally specify pre/post-conditions of functions and invariants of classes (such as "cap >= len" in this case), and have the compiler enforce that automatically, e.g. by inserting runtime checks. > This article is deeply flawed... change in wages != change in standard of living. Measuring "standard of living" is a very hard problem. At least they're being clear about their definition, so I can judge the correlations they find for myself. Not necessarily. If the app changes seldomly, you could reuse a CSS file across multiple sessions, whereas the HTML (i.e. "GET /") is probably always served up fresh. That does not apply, of course, if your initial HTML page is a static asset, too. That always depends on the market. While Chrome leads the US market like IE used to, Firefox is for example the most-used browser in Germany. Maybe it would have been a valuable approach for Mozilla to work with a specific market when introducing Persona, e.g. the big German webmail providers. This fits in well with the "code as craft" argument presented in the comments here. Most craftsmen need to make a living by producing rather boring, functional pieces in a large volume, while occasionally taking the time to manufacture an intricate masterpiece. In this sense, your run-of-the-mill Rails app is the IKEA table of coding. Designing an ergonomic phone interface can be grouped under communication design, thus art. Constructing a quantum computer using optics clearly falls into the physics department, at least until physics spins off an engineering department for quantum stuff, like it spun off mechanics and electronics in earlier centuries. I consider the term "computer science" historically motivated and anachronistic. Similar to how old people would stereotypically describe their child's job as "something with computers", we muddled subtopics of various sciences together just because they're doing "something with computers". With computing technology and methodology now permeating nearly all areas of science, art, and engineering, maybe it's time to tear down the computer science departments and reintegrate their pieces back into the appropriate departments. Or maybe we shouldn't, for we would lose the extremely diverse curriculum that a CS degree includes. I've heard mathematics classified as a "structural science", as opposed to the "natural sciences". Theoretical CS fits into that "structural science" umbrella term very well. Ack uses the same git/hg/svn-ignore heuristic. Hue? There is one on mine. Maybe mine's different because I upgraded from 10.9 to 10.10 to 10.11 whereas you might have started with a later version (or an earlier one)? s/EPIPE/SIGPIPE/, but otherwise, I agree. :) The article hypothesizes that analytics services will probably move their tracking code from client-side JavaScript to the server-side, so that the publisher's server will forward the analytics data to the analytics server. There is an interesting irony in this: By using client-side blocking more widely, we (the users) force evolution of analytics towards methods that are less introspectable and less blockable from our side. There's a business opportunity for ridiculously long extension cords right there. The problem I see with this kind of carsharing is that it does not scale particularly well to rush hours. I must note though that I'm living in Germany where Uber is not really a thing yet (mostly because of regulatory problems), so if anyone can share insight on how Uber scales to the rush hour, that'd be great. Regarding the "Annoyance" bullet point, you might have a better time if you put an Apache or nginx in the front (on ports 80/443), have it serve the acme-challenges statically and proxy_pass everything else to Node running on a high port. TLS handling would then happen in the frontend server only. Regarding the "please use sudo" issue, it's very much possible to run the letsencrypt client as a non-root user if you set your filesystem permissions carefully. Here's the letsencrypt configuration for a private webserver of mine: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Fascinating. And fun fact: I'm 26 and I don't have a driver's license. So do many of my peers. I totally rely on public transit (save for the few occasions where I need to move furniture etc.). Public transit service is exceptionally good and reliable in most of Germany's big towns. The only case that I know of when manual memory management is slower is short-running programs which exit before the first GC run, therefore removing the need to do any deallocation at all. In principle, yes, but a) access via MOC is certainly slower than compiling a direct function call into a single `call` opcode, and b) MOC only covers signals, slots, and Q_INVOKABLE methods. For QObjects, that means that the remaining methods are not accessible. And methods for non-QObject-derived classes are also inaccessible. I would argue it's a bad idea for images already. Images give away a lot about the type of content that you're viewing, which is possibly sensitive information. Consider, for example, a Chinese computer connecting to Wikipedia over HTTPS, which then downloads an image over HTTP without S that is clearly related to the Tiananmen massacre. > I would honestly take a 50% pay cut if I was able to just deal with the code working at home, I am a fairly frugal person and wish there was something like basic income so I could just spend my days programming on projects that interest me. You're not the only one. :) This touches on the classic question of "is coding engineering or art"? If it were engineering, it would become quantifiable once we have enough empirical data from previous projects to base our theories on. If it were art, that would be impossible since every project is as individual as the last one. It's probably inbetween. The point is that it depends on your definition of "expected". I'd rather have my library act in a well-defined way that can be stated as succinctly as possible. Not all processes that involve GitHub are development processes. I've seen automated deployments fail inside a corporate network when the resident HTTP proxy had a bad day and could not connect to github.com. > Rent is, essentially, theft from society itself, it leaves everyone poorer when most people rent. Not necessarily. It depends on whom you're giving the money to. If it's a profit-oriented company or investor or the like, then I'd tend to agree with you. On the other hand, I'm renting my apartment from a housing cooperative that I'm also a member of. The cooperative releases a yearly financial report detailing that rents are for the most part used for maintaining the buildings owned by the cooperative, and to buy new land and construct new buildings. I consider that model very sensible; it allows me to delegate all tasks relating to the maintenance of my apartment to people who are more competent in this area, and who can negotiate better rates with craftspeople. It also gives me much of the social security that people usually associate with self-owned apartments or buildings since my lease contract literally states that the cooperative is not allowed to throw me out of the apartment (given that I obey the rules of the house, of course). But at the same time, I have the flexibility to easily move to a different apartment somewhere else in the city (or somewhere else entirely) without having to deal with selling the apartment and buying a new one. In version 28 or so they removed the ability to configure Firefox Sync against a custom Sync server. You could continue to use an existing setup but there is no UI for setting up a new one. (all AFAIK) Interesting. Over here (Germany) the prices in housing cooperatives are actually ridiculously low, compared to the rest of the apartment market. As a student, I lived in a single-room apartment with separate kitchen and bath, 26 square meters total, for less than 200 euros (including utilities). It does not necessarily help. I accidentally bought a Smart TV about one year ago, an LG model with WebOS. I never dared connect it to the internet, but it was horrible nonetheless because the software was so abysmally slow. For example, to change a channel: 1. Grab the remote, press "5", press "OK". 2. Put down the remote. 3. Wait five seconds. 4. Overlay with "5" appears. 5. Wait five seconds. 6. Channel switches. I sold this shit a few months ago, and am now using my five-year-old dumb TV again. The same link is somewhere in this guide, too. This guide has a broader scope, though. You could just as well argue that his ideas are democratic, giving power to larger groups of people than before. Teaching the people to run their own services sounds pretty similar to what happened during the enlightenment, when people were taught to read at a large scale for the first time. "You can simply add WIRED.com to your ad blocker’s whitelist, so you view ads." That's cute. I just rolled out network-level adblocking at home to improve the security of legacy clients (e.g. old un-updateable Android phones). There is no concept of a whitelist in this approach. Personally, I do not block first-party ads (i.e. ad images served from the same domain as the original content). For me, the point of using an adblocker is to reduce attack surface and tracking opportunities. I see, of course, that I'm likely not representing the majority of adblock users. Depends on whether it's the site itself that gets hacked, or the ad network. (The latter is going to be a much more valuable target in practice since it allows malware to spread via multiple sites, not just one.) I'm not sure about that. I'm right there with you, but I'm skeptical whether it's a majority opinion. Does anybody have numbers on that? Seconded. I regularly prune the list of accounts I follow, so that I don't spend too much time with Twitter but still get to read everything from those people that I find interesting. I hate "While you were away" with a passion, especially the part where (on mobile) after dismissing it, it asks you "Did you like this?", yet it can't take a hint after the 20th "No". Automating processes involving people from outside your project is just a very hard problem. The trade-off here is investing a possibly small amount of time into recruiting a PM vs. investing a possibly ridiculous amount of time into building a magical issue triaging AI. The "onslaught" is very relative to how many time you can afford to spend on the project at all. If you can afford to spend one hour per week, then triaging 25 issues per week might eat all of that. If you can afford to spend one hour per day, then issue triaging will only be a small part of your daily routine. > They will ship small, non-delicate items in huge cardboard boxes, with inflatable padding thrown in for even more waste. At least we have social networks to rage about it: https://twitter.com/stefanmajewsky/status/642356938324475904 :) Wow. Your city's policies suck. My town (in Germany) has several disposal facilities where citizens can drop up to 2 m³ per year of bulk garbage, toxic and electronic waste free of charge. There's legislation happening to avoid that, for example http://time.com/4146012/france-food-waste-law/ > Officials in the French Parliament voted unanimously to put an end to food waste by forcing large grocery stores to donate unsold food. Where I live, glass is collected in three bins, labeled "white glass", "green glass", and "brown glass". The classic question is "What about blue glass?" As it turns out, all oddly-colored glass should go into the white glass bin since the recycling processes for green and brown glass are tuned for the specific dyes used. Business idea: A weekly newspaper or website that just republishes decade-long articles that were prophetic at the time and are still valid today. I don't think it's zeitgeist only. Or at least, not on such a short scale. The pre-internet equivalent of that is interviewing random people on the street about current events, to fill the 2:30 of your news report with something vaguely related to the subject. Like in Charlie Brooker's "How to report the news": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHun58mz3vI A better analogy might be those smaller cola brands with higher caffeine levels. I don't know if you have these in the US; in Germany, there are a lot of them (e.g. Fritz Kola, Afri Cola, Club Mate Cola). On the outside, it looks similar to Coke/Pepsi (still cola), but it has a vastly different and smaller audience (people who need caffeine, but despise the sugariness of energy drinks). But they stay in their niche, because any attempt to replicate Coke/Pepsi would get them crushed between those two. Personal experience: While I have DuckDuckGo as the default search engine on my notebook, I end up taking multiple-word queries to Google most of the time because the results are much better there. In fact, DuckDuckGo is only better for one-word queries for me because of its promoted results (e.g. when I'm searching for the name of an OSS project and it highlights the official website at the top of the results page). I reject the metaphor. Just because a tool does not gain new followers (heh) anymore, doesn't mean it should be killed. It would be interesting to know if Twitter would be profitable if it is just put into maintenance mode. My point is, Twitter has value for me the way it is. I don't personally see any reason for changing it. Of course, that's not a reasoning that Wall Street would agree with. > a bit like how organizations could previously run their own email [...] infrastructure "Previously"? Seconded. All that mentality does is create "bullshit jobs" (not my wording) designed to employ people without actually giving meaning to their lives. http://strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ A pronouncing dictionary does not help you when people invent new words or import new words from a different language, in which case readers familiar with the subject at hand might identify the pronounciation from their familiarity with the source language or subject. Unless, of course, you have an AI attached to your TTS that can understand the context in a similar way. looks up "mould" in dictionary Do you mean the fungi that spread on wet walls? Because I would consider just painting over these a very bad idea. At least he's being clear about it, unlike big shops that silently display higher prices to users on iDevices compared to desktop/Android users. I once saw a report about two persons having the same name, same birthday, and same birthplace. It really fucks up a lot of administrative databases. Unhashed passwords don't get you pwned. They only become a problem after you've been pwned. "Shoulder surfing" refers to people extracting personal information, such as credentials, from your computer by just looking over your shoulder while you're typing them in or displaying them. Precisely the reason why password input fields usually display replacement characters instead of actual characters (or nothing at all if you're on a Unix terminal). While scrolling down past this page, I was wondering when they would finally show the final font. Until the end, I thought that these were all design sketches. The curious design aside, the bigger problem is legibility. For example, in the last example image (reading "a light one with dots and without") the horizontal lines of the H's are practically invisible, making it unnecessarily hard to even make out the word boundaries. The latter is a nice lesson in how the brain reads text (starting with word recognition, then moving on to deciphering single words and word groups), but the fact that viewing this font makes me realize this process just shows how badly designed the font is. And I'm not referring to "bad design" as in "I don't like the style", I mean it's bad because it does not satisfactorily perform the function that it is designed for (which for text always is to communicate meaning). > I still think Windows is the hardest and longest OS to install. But they have gotten way better, too. The last Windows that I regularly used was XP, and I remember it being a pain in the ass to set up (on the scale of "I'll dedicate the whole weekend to getting the OS and drivers installed"). Just recently, though, I set up a dual-boot on my desktop PC, with Arch Linux as default, and Windows 10 for the few games in my Steam library that are not Linux-compatible. I explicitly chose Windows 10 for enabling my DirectX-12-compatible card. The setup process was surprisingly straightforward and despite the very new hardware, it found all drivers out of the box and everything went smoothly. The only annoyance is the gazillion spying features that you have to disable, and the other gazillion spying features that you cannot disable. But since I'm only playing games on that OS, and the other OS with all personal data is on an encrypted disk, I don't care anyway. There are scripts for building each package individually, and these scripts list other packages that are required for the build process. There is nothing to enforce the requirement that the build requirements are a subset of the packages built, or even correlated to them. Source-based distributions are not the only solution. >> https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds I remember seeing a report about this on German TV where they had a big shop's product page loaded on both an iPad and an Android tablet, showing clearly different prices. I don't exactly remember which shop it was. Might've been Amazon, but I honestly don't remember. The whole comments thread here sums it up perfectly. You have a bunch of people praising Twitter for its utility to discover interesting content (which includes me), and a bunch of people condemning it for bad signal-to-noise ratio and abusive subcommunities. And frankly, if I had control over Twitter, I'd just be okay with that. The only change I'd make is identify more clearly which usecases create actual value for users, and advertise these more clearly. The biggest problem I'm reading from the article is that people misunderstand what Twitter is good for. Case in point: "How do I get followers?" Uhm, how about posting interesting things? This is not Facebook. People don't follow you just because you're a distant relative or happened to go to the same school once. People follow you because they find your tweets funny, insightful, or in another way a valuable target of their attention. > as search deteriorates Can you expand on why search is deteriorating? Honest question. I certainly don't see the relevance of search sinking, nor can I see any competitor in the market that could even come close to threatening Google's monopoly on search. > The courts have interpreted "protected computer" as any computer connected to the internet. The mismatch between the world views of jurisprudence and engineers is a neverending source of joy. (If working in tech has made you cynical like me, that is.) The German Criminal Code has §202c StGB [1], commonly known as the "hacker section" (or "Hackerparagraph" in German). While §202a and §202b punish unauthorized access to or interception of data, §202c extends this threat to obtaining passwords or creating tools in preparation of such an act. Note that this section has only existed for a few years. I am not aware if white-hat hackers have actually been prosecuted for creating hacker tools. [1] http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__202c.html > is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title The wording reminds me of a similar section in the German Copyright Law which outlaws the circumvention of "effective" copy-protection schemes. How an access control scheme can be effective and circumventable at the same time is completely beyond me. :) > Nobody is printing 40 year old news - people are still watching 40 year old movies. Because news operate at a different scale than movies. People are still reading 40-year-old books. A 40-year-old news article is not relevant anymore because it only fits within the momentary context in which it was created, whereas a non-fiction book or even an essay can span a broader context and thus stay as informative for future readers. Good luck trying to argue to a judge that the law is forbidden from being idiotic. ;) Or they might just be hitting different obstacles now. History is not always a linear interpolation of the past (though more often than most people are ready to admit). > In China where people worry about many things including clean water and corruption, having to have to worry about a large portion of the population being swindled by a bad acting foreign media propaganda is a real concern. And how are they gonna act against poisonous water and corruption if they cannot form a movement through some sort of free media? > In an undeveloped country this could potentially result in a nazi takeover. See impoverished Germany after World War I as an example. Do you really consider 1930s Germany undeveloped? Even a developed country is not impenetrable to propaganda. Just look at all the radical nationalists across all of Europe. Wow, awesome response. Will need to let that sink in. > So, as someone who is not an information architect or data scientist, it seems like we have an ecosystem where a scaled down version of google can be built and trained on the per user basis and completely private. I'm skeptical. Search is a huge problem just because of the bizarre amount of resources you need to throw at it. I can't afford to build my own datacenter(s) to host my custom search system. There might be huge advances ahead in terms of storage capacity on commodity systems, I don't know, but in any case, I'm only one person crawling webpages versus millions of people (and bots!) creating them. You implicitly address that a bit later by talking about "silo crawling", but again, I'm skeptical. The only silo structure that I can easily see is large sites with useful content like Wikipedia or StackOverflow/StackExchange, but I'm likely to come across these anyway in any given domain, and I can easily filter for these on Google today, e.g. "site:en.wikipedia.org". The more interesting and hard part is the long tail of small, sparsely interconnected websites which might contain unusual insights but are unlikely to come across with a silo crawler (or with Google's current UI, for that matter). > Search experience is getting worse in terms of control I guess that's the classical problem of scaling a product to a large audience of mostly technically illiterate users. Maybe Google is learning from Apple, whose UIs have for a long time favored ease of use over giving control to the user. The variable in this equation is the definition of "our enemy". This is an absurd waste of energy. Okay, but then, since you're already animating individual elements, what's the benefit over jQuery's $.fn.css? When I saw the title, I think it was going to be about how they deal with security. Actually, Opera was the one to invent tabs. Does someone remember why Firefox took off while Opera never managed to come out of its niches? Not at all. If I want to impersonate someone, I just have to act like them. The only protection is 2FA. > Stop being obsessed with [...] depression. So you're one of the persons who would suggest to clinically depressed people to "just smile again" as if that would magically solve all their problems and mental disorders? The point is that even if such people are a minority, we should treat them with the appropriate discretion and be sensitive to their psychological needs. Same here. Pretty disappointing. It does work with `mpv --ytdl`, though. Indeed. Instead of `cat`, OP could've used `sha256sum` on the config.php to prove the authenticity of your report without exposing the site to even more attacks. The last point sounds interesting. Gonna try that next time I do home office (which I only do when really necessary, e.g. because of craftsmen appointments at my home). A friend of mine recently got a German "Personenbeförderungsschein" (person transport permit) to work part-time at a chauffeur service (which, from what he told, is mostly identical to a taxi service). There was no First Aid training involved as far as he told me, only a knowledge test of about 100 Points of Interest around the city, including routes to there and in some cases opening hours. Depends on the application. I'm using uMatrix and always allow all content (including JS) that's served from the same domain. The problem for me really is tracking and visual clutter, and I assume that a first-party ad will not track me across domains and likely integrate well within the page layout. I'm fully aware though that I'm not the mean audience for adblocking. Source? ;) Well, even if it technically isn't an adblocker, it's a darn good one in practice. And it sets up domain blocking by default, probably using the same lists as uBlock Origin. > whereas after ~3 years you had completed the whole french language I'm also German and had French in upper school for five years, and that was certainly not true for me. In fact, I've yet to encounter a language that you can "complete" within three years of a normal school curriculum. (I'm not talking about living abroad or specialized language learning curriculums, where you can get proficient in well less than three years.) I've noticed that after I switched to watching most English movies with the original audio track, rather than the German dub. To the point where my usually-German internal monologue would sometimes flip to English because some idioms are only available in English, and I wouldn't notice until several sentences later. One thing that helped me avoid a German accent while speaking English, was to imitate a heavy German accent and observe what was really the essence of it, then just avoiding these "mistakes". For example, here are the things that make up most of the German accent of English: - pronouncing "th" as "s" (Germans apparently don't know how to put one's tongue tip on the upper teeth) - pronouncing "w" as "v" (like the German "w") instead of as "u" - sharper pronounciation of initial vowels (i.e. when a word starts with a vowel) and "h" > but that's 2 bits of data As if brains store bits. > "backyard-filled-with-children" (kindergarten) A kindergarten is most definitely a backyard filled with children. You would call that a "playground", most likely. Or just a backyard filled with children. A kindergarten is a daycare center for children aged 2-6. Here is my configuration: https://github.com/majewsky/system-configuration/blob/master... Domains with this configuration get A+ on ssllabs and securityheaders.io (test with "repo.holocm.org" if you like). It includes an autorenewal script wrapped in a systemd timer unit. There is one bug, though: The autorenewal script fails because letsencrypt crashes when stdin is not a TTY. ( https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt/issues/2523 ) What were you compiling? The official client is written in Python. That was something that I complained about even before letsencrypt. It's insanely difficult for anyone except crypto experts to figure out a sane selection of cipher suite, so why can't they not just include one or two sane presets with the application, that get updated along with it when algorithms are broken and new ones emerge? I'm running Arch Linux in production for my private systems, and am currently extending it to a system previously on Debian oldstable in order to harmonize my processes. It works very well for me (I didn't have any update-induced downtimes yet, except for the usual reboots to apply kernel upgrades), but I can easily see how people could struggle with the no-partial-upgrade problem when they employ complex, fast-moving software stacks. My solution is to package that software myself in a private repo, so that I get to decide when to upgrade. In Arch, probably more than with any other binary distribution, it helps very much to have a good grip on the packaging process. Once you already have your private repo and signing key set up and rolled out everywhere, the barrier to rolling the next custom package is much slower. I wouldn't say "once a day". When I'm sick, I might not touch my PCs for a week, and that has always been fine. The only situation where things were fucked up badly was when the system upgrade failed on a friend's notebook that was not updated for 6 months. I had to uninstall KDE in order to untangle the missing dependencies, then do the upgrade, then reinstall KDE. What you call "redneck" version is actually how I manage my system configuration. :) The metapackage is the only one that's explicitly installed, ever. (Except for workstations where I might install applications to test them.) Part of system maintenance is to clean out orphaned packages every once in a while, usually as part of the system update. A fruitful interpretation could be that there is no one language for all jobs. Just as programming languages are chosen for the specific task at hand, you can also choose a natural language by its effectiveness for the current task. Shamir's 3rd Law of Computer Security: "Cryptography is typically bypassed, not penetrated." > If I want some object, I will buy that object myself. I can so relate. "What can I get you for birthday?" - "Nothing, mum. I got all I need." - "How about we go buy some new shoes for you?" - " sigh I already have a pair of shoes." :) I've recently started building an actual database of my physical inventory, and have already found multiple items which I needlessly own twice because when I bought the second one, I didn't realize I had one already.