When I worked in an office, nobody was a smoker (Sweden...) but instead we had coffee breaks. The time when we needed to refill our coffee mugs would synchronize and we'd end up around the coffee machine in the airy full-window hallway. You can change cities by clicking on "切换城市". Of course it's still not the whole country but it's still more than one city. Where in Europe? Do you have a link to numbers? Apple don't dominate in Sweden at least. http://feber.se/android/art/199920/android_nu_strre_n_iphone... How is the iPad 2 not just milking the original iPad? It has no revolutionary changes, it's just faster, thinner, and has the cameras the iPad was rumored to have from the beginning. I think most companies have the muscle to put out a slight revision on a first product after a year. Sony Ericsson featurephones have had video editing built-in since 2005. I think this is the biggest issue with the new subscription rule: Not the 30%, not the requirement to price match, but that it's just so confusing that nobody really understands what applies and where. I visit the Bay area yearly, and every time I make sure that my connection is in Europe and I never have to connect in the U.S. I've visited a ton of countries (including China), and the U.S. is definitely the most hostile to visit. As an EU citizen you get interrogated why you're visiting the U.S. When I was in SF for WWDC, it was easy, "I'm here for Apple's WWDC". Any other time it's been a 15 minute ordeal of explaining what computer software is exactly and how my international contractor relationship works and why I'm not going to escape into the forests and become a day laborer. Once they even asked for a bank statement. In no other countries I've traveled to (20+) have I had to explain why I'm there aside from checking a box on a paper form. The UK is very much America's little brother. A little less so under Brown but they still love following U.S. precedents. Seems broken in Safari http://imgb.mp/e0q So would HTML+CSS+two drinky birds tapping the keys a'la Homer Simpson count? But what's keeping them from pirating Xcode? Now where's the music video where this is synced to the same data interpreted as 100x100px frames of RGB image data? American banks are really terrible with this, and I just don't understand why. I live in Sweden, but I get paid for work I do for a U.S. company. Both my employer and I have Bank of America accounts in the states, and my employer sending a wire to my BoA account takes longer to process than me sending a wire from my BoA account to my Swedish bank. So it takes longer to send a wire WITHIN THE SAME BANK thank it does to send internationally halfway around the globe. There's really something truly deeply wrong with U.S. banking. Meanwhile, here in Sweden, cheques don't exist and everyone uses wire transfers to pay each other, pay rent etc. They're always free, can be done online, take seconds within the same bank, and half a business day between banks. And this system has been in place for literally decades. It sure has, but only thanks to piracy, not through any initiative from the movie studios' part. That doesn't really work for me - my parents left this country for Australia, and I've visited them but it sure doesn't feel like "home", it feels a lot more like home when they come visit me here in Sweden - so there's definitely something to say for environment playing a role. I don't see why you couldn't inject a CR LF? Sure it might not be that dangerous (although it could be depending on what validation the server does on # of args), but you're still modifying the query. Binary protocols aren't magically immune to injection-style attacks, just look at the decades of buffer overflow vulnerabilities. It's cute how he end his long list of messy hacks for dealing with NAT with "Appreciate the astonishing long-lasting simplicity". tap tap tap also made a blog post on working as a distributed team, focusing on the tools used to keep everyone in sync http://taptaptap.com/blog/tools-for-effective-iphone-app-dev... (shameless plug disclaimer: I work for them. That said, it's on-topic and a good overview) « I mean, he could have dropped a piano on it, or set it on fire...» Exactly. People have to keep in mind this is a Clarkson review we're talking about. If you want to see how he deals with cars he really doesn't like, just search YouTube for "clarkson perodua kelisa". As someone who lives in a country where half the year it's -10℃ with 2 hours of sunlight (zero hours if it's cloudy), I'd have to say it's not quite viable. Another problem with desert solar power plants is political - Europe for instance would become dependant on the middle east and africa for power, which after the past couple decades of oil politics doesn't look like a very attractive option. Of course nuclear isn't much better in this regard - while we do have uranium deposits, we don't have any uranium mines, and hence rely on imports for nuclear fuel. Perhaps their internal capacity is already tied up in other tasks, so while they have 1000 cores internally, they can't all be monopolized for 80 hours for a single task like the AWS machines can. Odd, on my Mac Firefox 4.0 is by far the slowest (the smoothing pass is painful to watch), with Safari (5.0.4) coming in second and Chrome (10.0.648.204) is easily the fastest. MacBook Pro Mid-2009 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo. Didn't try Opera. What's interesting is that they're still only opening it for "partners", so they're not quite taking up the fight with Ustream, justin.tv or Niconicodouga yet. It's just as easy to de-authorize devices (and hence invalidate host IDs) on Dropbox as is is to change your Facebook password. I've never had a proper job in an office - I started working an online gig in uni, and I've been working for them ever since. It's great not needing to be in one place. I've started taking round-the-world trips - live cheap in hostels, work in coffee shops using their WiFi. Hanging out in Singapore and Tokyo sure motivates me to work a lot more than my apartment at home. Haha, I hate T5 the most :/ Taking a train within the terminal, the longest security lines within Heathrow... no thanks. It sure looks purdy, but it's really hell to deal with. I don't even think it has mains sockets like the T3/T4 do. If this was a regular comment I wouldn't say anything, but since this is likely a canned copy/paste you'll repeat, I'll be a grammar nazi and ask you to please fix it to say "you're" instead of "your". Just because you don't need a smartphone doesn't mean you won't get one. Come contract renewal, she'll probably get an Android phone whether she wants to or not (in the U.S., it may take another contract cycle, but here in Europe, everyone is giving out entry-level Android phones from ZTE, Sony Ericsson etc as freephones) In late 2009 I bought 2 Crucial SSDs for my MacBook Pro, replacing a Seagate HDD that had died after just 5 months (the other one went in the optical bay). They're still working fine after 16+ months, and even if they die now they'll have outlived many of my harddrives (75GXP anyone?). One is my boot drive, and one is my media drive. SMART reports the boot drive has 78% of its erases left, and the media drive 100% (mostly static data). ~20% erases down after 16 months means if the wear leveling works out, my drive should last another 5 years. My usage is quite normal - coding work doesn't do very many heavy writes. I have 8 GB RAM, so the swap file doesn't see much usage, but instead there's 8 GB of hibernate file writes whenever I put my laptop to sleep (a couple times a day). Also, there's some background process that hits the drive with ~100 KB of writes every couple of seconds. The Apple document reads "publicly associate", which I read as "don't show the UDID under a user profile". But it also says "Never store user information based solely on the UDID. Always use a combination of UDID and application-specific user ID." I was hoping they'd discuss how SunSpider doesn't test the DOM, Canvas or other things that web apps commonly do. I haven't felt my apps have really been performance constrained by basic JS language performance, but rather DOM tree searches, element creation, innerHTML parsing, etc. Benchmarking a JavaScript Raytracer and encryption engine is a noble cause for advancing JS going forward (especially with projects such as node.js gaining momentum), but it doesn't feel very relevant to me, right now, today. What other benchmarks are there? Apple's Sunspider, Google's V8 Benchmark Suite, Mozilla's Kraken, that JSLint-based one... Does anyone know of a good link where someone has deconstructed all these JS benchmarks and what parts of a browser they actually test? If they don't want to spend their time complying with the software license, then they're free to not use open source licensed code in their products. Microsoft do just that, and they never have to worry about compliance issues. I don't think Apple would appreciate it if I downloaded iWork and instead of paying them said "Promoting strict and timely license compliance falls somewhere below sleeping". I assume they mean, if you brick the phone, the warranty is void. If you reflash your phone but then the hardware breaks, the warranty is still valid. Conversely, Americans can't listen to Spotify, or watch many of the european broadcaster's online streams (e.g. Eurovision) And the other day I saw a HN comment for another one of these HTML5 demos that it kept crashing someone's iOS Safari browser. Apparently Flash doesn't just suck because Adobe are useless, but because interaction and animation is a hard problem to solve. That said, this was pretty cool. The 3D was a bit "Money for nothing", and my Chrome gave me 10 seconds of beachball each time it switched from 2D video to 3D, but it's still showing that the web is moving forward (to CD-ROMs from the 90's) The PDF file was 720 KB. The Scribd reader page was 3.1 MB (800+KB of JavaScript alone). So the PDF would actually load quicker than the cloud reader. Ah, I've never had that problem since both Chrome and Safari have native PDF renderers that load instantly. And Scribd just sent me 10(ten) e-mails since I had the audacity to log in using Facebook and it decided to go all social on me and add all my friends one by one. No thanks. All my friends use Google Talk since we all have Android phones and use it instead of SMS since it's free. I've never used the voice/video desktop client though. Their site has a pretty bad example. Instead imagine it's an array of authors instead. Then their selector would give you a list of all their favourite drinks, which would require a loop in normal JS. I think I'd prefer something more XPath-like than CSS myself (as someone linked in another comment) "Apple states that although the present invention is primarily described in the context of a browser-based word processing system, the present invention could in fact be more generally applied to any system that renders textual information in a platform-independent manner and is not meant to be limited to word-processing systems or browser-based systems." So... they patented PDF? Don't Adobe have patents that clash with this? #5 on iTunes U.S. Top Paid Apps chart right now Where are the links to his bug reports for these so we can vote on them to be fixed? I don't see what justification there is for this being a law. It's simple enough to make it part of the Terms of Service, and then terminate the accounts of anyone who's logged in on more than 10 IP addresses at the same time. It's fundamentally different from the old "theft of cable" laws where the service provider doesn't have full control over the signal/content. That's completely reasonable. As is Netflix putting "only one household" in their ToS. It'd be unreasonable if there was a specific law on the books in Japan that says if you loan out your rail pass you're branded a criminal (which in the case of Japan means you're deported for life) and get jail time, instead of them just taking it away from you and saying "you broke the terms, no more rail pass for you". I remember this used to be possible in the classic MacOS (System 7, technically it wasn't called "MacOS" back then). The native PICT image format was just QuickDraw graphics API calls serialized to a binary file, so there was a screenshot program that would simply record the API calls made, and save them to a PICT file. They also have a flash site where fans can create their own ideal member using parts from the other girls, and then share and rank each other's creations http://www.icenomi.com/oshimen/index.html It looks like it was written by someone who wanted to parse their XML using regexps instead of a real parser. I find it a real shame Apple have no interest in making their iMessages and FaceTime networks interoperate with XMPP and instead going their own way. We're going to end up with people on different mobile OSes hesitating to communicate with each other because they'll fall back on expensive SMSes (a network effect much like today with discounted in-network calling). Some of the trains used for commuting where I live (southern sweden/denmark) do have a first class area (which is nearly always empty…). Quoth the article: «A common fear about loser-pays is that the side who loses a routine dispute will get handed a bill for 10,000 hours from Cravath, Swaine & Moore. But European courts are well aware of the danger that successful litigants will overinvest in their cases and gold-plate their fee requests. They carefully control the process to prevent that danger, giving the losing side a full chance to dispute a fee award, requiring that work be reasonable and necessary, providing that elite lawyer rates not be paid if a Main Street lawyer could have done the job, and so forth.» I don't know which John Walicki the quote is from, but the top result on LinkedIn works for IBM, so it's a possibility that they as a service provider support users of many different corporations on a single product. Reading the comments on Mike Kaply's post, this is my favorite quote: «Alienate the corporate users and you’ll alienate home users.» It appears these corporate IT types honestly don't understand why Apple are doing so well. There were plenty of wireless-optimized TCP replacements proposed back in the days when WAP and XHTML Mobile were the hottest things around, but none took root as operators, web servers and browsers needed to adopt them in tandem. Now that smartphone apps are widespread and someone developing a service can control both sides of the connection, there's definitely room for someone to devise a really good TCP replacement (layered on top of UDP) with an iOS library, an Android library, and an Apache mod. I suspect spammers have moved from email to the web. I'm seeing more forum/comment form spam now than ever (especially on disqus sites, I've only seen 1-2 spam facebook comments yet). Too bad web spam is basically impossible to measure overall. Isn't that simplifying things a bit? Loops are hidden everywhere, just concatenating a string is actually a loop even if there's no visible for/where, but the best optimization for that isn't speeding up the loop, it's removing the call completely. I'm often a part of the design sessions at my work, and all the questions that look like so much in text are covered in an audio chat in 5-10 minutes, and for something like adding an error dialog and character counter, another half an hour turnaround from our designer for the graphics. I'd say any feature that takes less than an hour to design is a small change. I guess I'm luckily in that at my work, WebKit (Safari+Chrome) represents 60% of the visitors, with the rest being split among Firefox (20%) and IE (10%, which we don't even bother testing for) iPhone camera app with hosted pages for twitter sharing You'd rather they lie to you? Also varies based on what you've visited before. English Wikipedia works fine… until you visit the Tiananmen Square Protests article, and then suddenly all of Wikipedia stops working. The HTML5 video plays fine for me. Xperia Arc, Android 2.3.3 I don't get why this is downvoted because it's pretty much true. I definitely learned to identify the kind of unproductive enthusiast teams without the talent required to get anything done the blog post lays out from all the "let's make this awesome game" forum endeavors of my youth. That anecdote doesn't pass the smell test. The article says "the 1860's". Quoth wikipedia: «The last convict ship to be sent from England, the St. Vincent, arrived in 1853». Another source[1] states that the worst death rate of the fleet was 33%, far below the 60% in your source. Makes for a great story/example though! Which I guess is how these anecdotes propagate. [1] http://www.historyaustralia.org.au/ifhaa/ships/2ndfleet.htm They presumably started calling it an App Store after people started referring to mobile software as "Apps" (which seems to have started with the iPhone). If a piece of mobile software is called an "App", then calling the place you got it an "App Store" is pretty natural. So if Apple want to own "App Store", they also ought to go after everyone calling them "Apps". If "App" is generic, so should "App Store". IMHO Spotify stopped being interesting when they had to drop their ad-supported all-you-can-eat free tier. That's what really drove growth in Europe and make it ubiquitous here in Sweden. Now that that's gone, they're just another dime-a-dozen paid music streaming services that nobody wants to pay for. edit: For anyone wondering what the big deal with Spotify is, is that it was completely free. Anyone could just download the app, and then listen to any song they wanted to, legally, completely free - there were just short ad breaks every couple of songs. This free legal option meant that there was zero reason to pirate music anymore, so everyone flocked to it. If you paid €10/mo you got a higher bitrate, no ads, offline playing and access to the iPhone/Android apps. The pay option was attractive if you were going to have a party (ads are a turnoff in situations like that), or when you end up requiring the iPhone app since you don't have any music files to put on your MP3 player anymore since you've just been listening to everything on Spotify... The record companies really hated giving away music (despite Spotify being a goldmine for them - Spotify is currently the #1 single source of income for record labels in Sweden, making them more money than any single retailer), so they had to kill it a couple months back (rumor has it they had to kill it in order to secure U.S. rights). Without the completely free tier, they'll have a really hard time getting new users. It's not an entire continent - Spotify is only available in a handful of European countries. They've also spent a lot of time in invitation-only mode. Plus if they tie in with Facebook that will be some amazing marketing incomparable to anything they've done before. They've cut it down to 10 hours free a month, which is more a sample than a real service. On my desktop if I'm in a stack of dialogs I often use the ESC key as a back button. iOS has zero meaningful inter-process communication (which is why every app has to have a piss-poor re-implementation of Safari and Twitter) so it doesn't even have a concept of "global". Doesn't this article forget Samsung, who themselves manufacture a lot of the major components that make up a modern phone (display, flash memory, camera, etc). Samsung don't copy technology from from Apple, despite their designs being somewhat... inspired by them. They're up there with everyone else battling on the forefront of component development, e.g. bright colorful S-AMOLED displays, better camera sensors, etc. This technology actually sees some use on Japanese TV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDvIJtqQWwk#t=131s I instantly thought of this when I saw the characteristic head-swaying On our iOS camera app, owners of early iPod Touch devices leave 1-star reviews because our app doesn't add a hardware camera to their device. There are some stunningly idiotic users out there. Wow, 11% still on iOS 3? That compares to less than 4% still on Android 1.x http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... > there's nothing to suggest that you'll be able to get the playlists on your computer out as easily as Spotify does from iTunes. It is actually really easy, I think they have an API for this. Once Spotify launched in the U.S., my friend switched from Spotify to WiMP (wimpmusic.se), and they could easily just import his playlists and boom he had all his music again. It's sure a heck of a lot easier than dealing with DRM - I still have a ton of songs from iTunes Japan (which still uses FairPlay DRM) I can't play on my Android phone at all It appears it's using SVG gradients, so the banding depends on how your browser is rendering it. Only when everything on the news page is marked as read and I'm in hyper-procrastination mode. I love having images to scan instead of just headlines (which Andy seems to detest), so when my local newspaper redesigned their page, I fell in love http://www.sydsvenskan.se/ (Swedish) Breaking news at the very top, then a top story, then the other top 4 stories. Then a simple scrolling list of the latest news by time descending (great when you check in a few times a day). Of course, as a local paper they have a lot less content making it a much easier job than something on the scale of the NYT. Re: SABnzbd+, I wonder if he's tried Sickbeard. Works well to avoid the situation where you'd end up with dupes. There's an Android app called "Image Viewer" that'll view any gigantic JPEG by only decoding the part you're looking at. No special processing required, it'll take any JPEG off your memory card/you downloaded in the phone browser. I used it to view a high-resolution PDF bike route map converted to a 20 MB JPEG for viewing on the road - works great. The icon is ugly as sin though. https://market.android.com/details?id=image.viewer It seems like Windows does unspeakable things to the font we use, so I changed it to Georgia. Windows font rendering makes me sad :( Not "if you use a mobile Facebook app", more like "If you said yes to some option that allows them to do this". I've had the Facebook app on all my phones the past few years (1 java, 5 android, 1 symbian), and yet I have no phone contacts here. I find that while I like trying out apps, I only have a few that I actually end up using. So I have a cheap iPod touch for trying out apps and doing dev work, and then I use an Android phone daily. When a non-android smartphone adds support for Mobile Suica and 1seg, then I'll be glad to entertain switching. http://downrightnow.com/ monitors twitter, their own user reports, official status RSS feeds, etc for a probability calculation of if a site is down or not. I'd like to know what he means by "4G". HSDPA (could probably be done really easily with a hacked AT&T femtocell)? WiMAX? LTE? What other APIs do you use? Because I find I have far more issues with the Twitter API (downtime, poor documentation, lacking features, etc) > I'm not aware of any stock camera application that does QR detection. Nokia phones have come with QR readers stock for a few years now, and Sony Ericsson's Android phones come with NeoReader preinstalled. It would be nice if more Android manufacturers could create devices like the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play - phones with physical game controls. Sadly it seems to be a dead-end, since developers won't rewrite games for a single handset. The problem with selling a $599 phone in the U.S. market was that unlike in other countries where an unsubsidized phone will get you a cheaper plan (thus making it cheaper in the long run), IIRC the iPhone plans were actually more expensive. Yes. Word even localizes the keyboard shortcuts (e.g. in Swedish office, you bold text with command-F for "Fetstil") Why couldn't this just as well be "AT&T reacts to Google Talk"? I know that ever since me and all my friends got Android phones, I've stopped using SMS entirely and only use Google Talk. So how are iOS app developers supposed to test for these undocumented variations? Are you planning on writing a Jailbroken-phones-crazy-ass-hacks test suite for us? In one of our games, certain jailbroken phones broke the shadows under a character. How do we even begin to debug that? Especially when the only bug reports are 1-star reviews with no way to contact the user? One of the beauties of the iOS platform is that there is very little variation, and any changes are well-documented and you have plenty of time to test for them in advance. It's one reason it's so popular to develop for and the apps are so high-quality. It would be cool if this service could monitor your Twitter/Facebook/etc for signs of life to cut down on the link-clicking required, and to add more resilience in the case of spam filtering. Wouldn't that create the reverse incentive for AT&T though? Jack up prices so that people get used to free iMessage but when get penalized heavy when they use those heavy messaging habits on someone without an iPhone? > holding down one key while pressing another has no parallel to real life searching. Yeah, but having a device instantly find something for you among a stack of 100 pages also has no parallel to real-life searching. The parallel to real life searching is paging through pages one by one, or browsing an index - precisely the things we're trying to get away from. If you stretch your search for metaphors too far you end up with outdated ones nobody knows about - like for searching it'd be the old library card catalog. Heck even today, I bet a majority of computer uses have never used a filing cabinet with documents in folders. At some point we have to create new metaphors, when the digital realm create opportunities that never existed in the real world Once Apple released the Magic Trackpad, all my mouse annoyances disappeared. It's always right there, and it has a tactility on par with keyboards.