This is nothing new; letting an optimizing compiler do the heavy lifting has been the general-case recommendation for a long time now. But there are still circumstances where it's necessary to write assembly, particularly in things like real-time programming. Doesn't matter how good a job the compiler did on the overall program, if you can afford 16 cycles on an inner loop and the compiler spits out 24 then you've gotta hand-tune it. Going to take a wild guess that this is "Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Begin_%28video_game%29 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNdDROtrPcQ&feature=kp Pretty neatly conveys the feelings on this topic. It's impressive how many words and charts a government agency needs to use to say "listen to the dreamers once in a while". Frankly not a very self-critical piece. It's pretty obvious why a lot of ideas get squashed - the CIA is at the core a political organization like any other, there's things that the leaders want to hear and things they don't. You don't need a big chart and buzzwords ("hedgehog/groundhog/brown fox/red fox"), you need institutional reform and de-politicization. Unlimited free energy means we eventually global-warm our planet through waste heat. Works out at about 10% the potency of greenhouse gasses per MW. I get a little bit of heartburn over running arbitrary scripts downloaded from internet websites. The easiest alternative is to run "curl ", download the script, take a peek at the source, and only THEN follow up with the sh. I mean, you're probably going to see a bunch of "download and install" commands, so you don't get much reassurance if you're worried that one of THOSE might be compromised too. But that's a problem inherent to unsigned internet installer scripts. At least you've somewhat mitigated the possibility that it's dumping your private SSH key to a server somewhere or some other blatantly malicious command. On the other hand, the script might also include appropriate SHA1 verification commands, or be setting up a repository in a package manager, in which case it's pretty reasonable to trust the script. Well, the Unix approach to this is a sandbox application and a shell application, not a sandboxed shell application. Docker attempts many of those tasks. On windows there's Sandboxie, which does more or less what you want as well. It creates a sandbox whose filesystem and internals can be modified by sandboxed applications without affecting the state of the REAL filesystem. Very nice utility for mitigating bad programming - I often use it to run multiple copies of applications that crash or refuse to launch multiple instances. I have not used the other two for comparison, but Paint.Net is my go-to recommendation for casual graphics editing. It's not Photoshop or Illustrator, of course, but all the features you need for basic photo adjustments and light-duty layout type stuff. At a glance, Krita looks pretty nice for doing artworks from scratch. The government isn't responsible for utilities tending towards monopoly - it's a natural outcome of any market with small unit costs and high barriers to entry. For a self-proclaimed libertarian, you're ignoring a very basic tendency of market systems. Natural monopolies are Econ 100 level stuff, and utilities are the textbook example. As a working definition, a piece of hardware really isn't useful if another piece of hardware will do the same task better, at a lower cost. You can run a low-power PC and check your email like it's 1980 just fine, and these days they're VERY cheap. A $30 5W Raspberry Pi is more than capable of running 'mail' on the command line. For a bit more power, quad-core 1.6ghz ARM SOCs are about $60-70. For fileserver type stuff, a 15W Liva with a Baytrail-M can be had for $115, or you can build out a full quad-core mini-ITX for something like $175. The reduced power usage very quickly amortizes the cost of the hardware. If you would save 200W by retiring a dinosaur - that's $17.28 per month of 24/7 usage. If you've got a Rpi on for 4 hours per day checking your email - it amortizes out within 10 months. This totally ignores the additional headaches associated with old, failing, unsupported hardware. You yourself described it as a "sinister amount of maintenance and stress". You can make a philosophical argument here that a piece of hardware is never truly dead if it'll still push bits, but be honest here - if you're running up your power bill to avoid spending $100 on new hardware, if you're putting up with a PITA system for the heck of it - it's not useful , it's your hobby . Hobbies are fun, I think it's fun to keep old gear going too, but be realistic about the merits of such activities. Right, but the traditional core ecosystem tools have pretty poor performance (long deploys, etc). Point is there is something there that "needs to be fixed". There are tools that do that, but those are hard sells in an enterprise environment for a lot of reasons. Businesses tend to be wary of building long-term solutions in flavor-of-the-week frameworks/environments/etc. Even when it's just a dev tool, even assuming that the tool behaves exactly like a real production environment, there's overhead to throwing away your workflow that Just Works and getting everyone used to something new. And developer culture right now is that there's a new must-have "Hottest Tool/Framework/Library That Will PUMP UP YOUR PRODUCTIVITY!" every couple months. And rightly or wrongly those tools are often a hard sell to management when there's ongoing costs - we can't get funding for a JIRA server let alone JRebel. Yes, the time it saves me would be worth more than $1.50 per work-day, but that's often not how managers look at it. Nope, legacy code base. FORTRAN. My usual trick is to drink a couple big glasses of water right before you you to sleep. You'll be ready to hop out of bed and empty your bladder bright and early. My understanding is that particular trick dates back to the Native Americans at a minimum. He's absolutely right, and people don't understand the level of "skilled work" that will be replaced by computers. I write clinical decision support tools, and I interview users (doctors). Nowdays, doctors really just want algorithms to follow. They want to know what the fastest/cheapest way to diagnose problems is. Frankly, they aren't particularly GOOD at diagnosing problems outside of these kinds of algorithms - for example, a likely cause of many Morgellons' disease cases is actually tropical rat mite (see Nick Mann http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/8626767/Morgellons-Disease... ). Doctors tend to diagnose delusional parasitosis just because it doesn't fit the algorithms. If doctors are just going to follow a basic set of diagnostic procedures, we can easily automate that using the data that are put into modern electronic health record (EHR) systems. We have your vitals, we know the tests that have been done and the outcomes, and so on. As one (very blunt) doctor expressed to me, doctors just want to follow the diagnosis algorithm, he paid $100k to be a data entry technician, and I think that was pretty much on the money. That's not the only time I've heard that, either. If doctors are going to be replaced, there's not much that CAN'T. It's just a question of designing a program/robot for the particular task, which is becoming increasingly cheap. Do I think that 100% of Morgellons' sufferers have a medically explainable cause? Nope, there's hypochondriacs everywhere. Do I think that doctors are way too eager to dismiss diagnoses that don't fit their criteria? Yup. I have a sister who has an absolutely zebra diagnosis (astroblastoma tumor, I write Clinical Decision Support tools for a living, for a high-level nonprofit. Our content providers suck ASS. Do I worry that I might be contributing to inappropriate diagnoses/non-diagnoses? Yes, it's a thing I bear in mind every day, every meeting, and I have gone to bat to improve. No - as stated, I have jumped to "there are many cases that aren't covered by generic diagnostic algorithms", and the doctors I'm interviewing who are espousing "I want to be a data entry technician" type philosophies. Independent of the examples, that's a worrying philosophy. I write the tools for this - in theory, I assume the liability when Shit Doesn't Work - not that we don't do our best to push this off to Other Organizations With Medical Expertise. I don't know if it's quite a "flag day", but Microsoft is definitely going to make some breaking changes soon in .Net 5.0. The particular one I'm watching for is lambda closures. Currently it's close-on-reference rather than close-on-value, even on value-type objects . This leads to some really counterintuitive behavior in certain situations. Breaking changes are perfectly fine as long as you keep supporting legacy runtimes. That's why we have major framework versions (eg Java 7/8, .Net 4.5/5.0, etc). Very cool - I've been waiting for someone to figure out GPU computing on the Rpi for a while now. This is potentially a very substantial increase in available processing power. I don't see performance numbers there - could someone with a Pi please run the FFT and compare against a CPU implementation? I wonder how similar the Mali design would be. Obviously the technical details will be different, but would it be similar in broad strokes? Most Rpi-alikes have Mali 400s or 450s. This post seems to imply that there is a single "market salary" for programmers. That's not really the case anywhere - a green intern doing web programming is never going to have an equal salary to a greybeard doing consulting in esoteric niche areas (eg COBOL in banking systems). There's always diminishing returns for superstar talent in any field - a Fortune 25 CEO gets paid how much more than a manager at Wendy's? The collusion between the big tech companies to drive down salaries for top personnel strongly suggests that the market salary for these people is actually higher than what they're currently paid. They're grade-A talent in a hot field, the fact that their salaries are high doesn't mean they're above-market. Actually it's not - the FCC definition is extremely broad, it simply states: "No person shall willfully or maliciously interfere with or cause interference to any radio communications of any station licensed or authorized by or under this Act[.]" [1] And in fact their explanation specifically states that jammers "prevent targeted devices from establishing or maintaining a connection". [2] To put the same actions in a different context - if two radio amateurs are trying to communicate over a digital mode and I broadcast "disconnect" packets to shut them down, I am clearly jamming their communications. The fact that this jamming occurs on the 2.4GHz band instead of the 20-meter band is irrelevant. What it comes down to - your laptop wifi is a device licensed by the FCC for radio operation, two parties (you and the router) are communicating, and a smart jammer interferes with these communications. As for your DDOS example - jamming is usually used in the context of the low-level layers of the OSI model, not the application layer. However, there are analogous actions that would be actionable in amateur radio. If you get a dozen of your buddies to deliberately pile-up on someone's CQ/QRZ without actually trying to communicate, you can bet the FCC's gonna look at that as de facto jamming too. You can get away with a lot as long as you do it on private wires - but when you get public airwaves involved then an additional set of much stricter rules apply. [1] http://www.fcc.gov/document/fcc-proposes-29k-fine-employer-j... [2] http://www.fcc.gov/document/consumer-alert-using-or-importin... Sure. K1MAN made communications that would probably have been legal if they didn't cause willful interference: In support of its motion for summary judgment on the monetary forfeiture, the Government presented FCC transcripts of recordings made on November 27, 2004, December 8, 2004, and March 31, 2005 that it alleges show K1MAN beginning to transmit on top of existing communications by other users. [...] The Government also provided the declarations of several FCC personnel who monitored and observed interference between K1MAN and other amateur operators. [...] [1] Chief US District Judge John A. Woodcock Jr, in writing for the Court, agreed with the FCC on the first two counts -- willful or repeated failure to respond to FCC requests for information, and willful or malicious interference -- and granted summary judgments to the FCC in the amount of $3000 and $7000, respectively. [2] As for more targeted attacks, see the Notices of Apparently Liability for KZ8O [3] and K3VR [4]. Once public airwaves are involved (as opposed to wires) you're on the FCC's turf, and the FCC takes radio communications VERY seriously. [1] http://www.arrl.org/files/media/News/Baxter_Summary_Judgment... [2] http://www.arrl.org/news/us-district-court-for-maine-issues-... [3] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... [4] http://transition.fcc.gov/Daily_Releases/Daily_Business/2014... Dell P2210 emits a tone. Motorola Moto G phone does not. There's a working theory in the Github explanation. White and black pixels take different amounts of power to draw. As the screen scans up and down to draw the various rows, it thus has to rapidly charge and discharge the capacitors. The capacitors are expanding and contracting a bit as they do so, which vibrates the air and makes a tone. Frankly this sounds like an awesome way to blow up those capacitors. Supermassive black-hole binary? Sounds like some projects I've coded on... /rimshot Yup - "STEM jobs pay well" is just wrong at this point. Neither Science nor Mathematics pays worth a damn, what people actually mean when they say this is "go work in technology or engineering". Nope. A SHA-256 cryptographic hash isn't a "version" of a file in any sense of the word. You couldn't (for example) run a binary hash of an executable, nor can you convert it into an executable file by compiling it or reversing the hash algorithm. Perceptual hashes work the same way. Not just the memory bandwidth - the 970 has been revealed to have fewer ROPs and less cache than advertised. When you sell a Haswell as having 4 cores and 8MB of cache, and when you purchase it you notice that it only has 3 cores and 6MB of cache, damn straight a refund is in order. It's somewhat misleading to look at an arithmetic average of the bandwidth of the fast/slow segments. Due to the way they architectured it, you cannot access both the fast segment and the slow segment during the same memory-fetch cycle, it's either/or. If control flow depends on data that's stuck in the slow segment, performance could be significantly degraded. Now - blah blah prediction, blah blah heuristics, yadda yadda. If you don't use the memory fully (compute, 4K, etc) there's no problem, and even then you can optimize the problem away somewhat. This will work pretty well for AAA-grade game engines that get special attention - Unreal, CryEngine, Unity. But for memory-bound (especially latency-sensitive) compute applications, what you have here is a 3.5GB card, not a 4GB card. Having a card show up with 1/8th of its specced memory units turned off is not acceptable, regardless. Yup - the documents they sent out to reviewers stated that the 970s had 64 ROPs [1]. This was also further pushed down the line to the OEMs building the cards, who used it in their own advertising (see the chart from ASUS in [2]). NVIDIA advertised the cards as having 64 ROPs - the fact that the first bunch of dupes parroted it to a wider audience is irrelevant. [1] http://www.techpowerup.com/209339/gtx-970-memory-drama-plot-... [2] http://www.hardwarecanucks.com/forum/hardware-canucks-review... The issue isn't the quantity of memory - there is physically 4GB of GDDR5 memory soldered to the board, yes. The issue is the number of ROPs. If the board had 64 ROPs - as advertised - then there wouldn't be a fast segment and a slow segment of memory. All 4GB would perform equally, there wouldn't be access contention between the fast segment and slow segment, etc. There's no cute marketing spin you can put on the board being advertised one way and quietly showing up with 1/8th of its memory subsystem disabled. NVIDIA isn't some fly-by-night hardware company like Butterfly Labs or something. Actually I should correct this - if you access the slow segment at all performance will be degraded, since you cannot also access the fast memory during the same cycle. Looking at it on a 2-cycle basis, since performance is 7x as high you can either access (7+7) or (7+1) chunks of memory. That's a 43% performance drop if even 1 of the 32 threads in a warp consistently needs to touch the slow segment. That data being used for control flow will amplify the problem, of course, since latency will double. My employer wouldn't go for it, so I sprung for a mechanical keyboard out of pocket. I got an IBM M12, which is a variant of the Model M clicky keyboard with a Trackpoint built in. It looks and works like it's brand new. Not thrilled with the trackpoint, the sensitivity is too low for a modern hi-res display. If I turn the OS-level mouse speed way up, the trackpoint works OK but the other mouse moves way too fast. I'd love one of the modern-built clicky keyboards with the built-in trackpoint, but I can't find them. Thinking about getting a gaming mouse that can have its DPI turned way down. Or I could learn vim or emacs and forget about the mouse entirely... Of course not, but with at-will employment you can be fired for any reason or no reason at all [1]. Including, yes, the way you talk. [1] Except for a small list of specific protected reasons, of course, but good luck proving you actually were fired for one of those reasons. If the boss has an ounce of sense then they won't give a reason at all, which is 100% legal. Yeah, number of eyeballs helps but it's not a catch-all. In some ways it could actually be a hindrance, since less-experienced eyeballs may not be able to mind all the necessary details, or may introduce further bugs/vulnerabilities. For our purposes, these are "bad programmers", whether or not they're good programmers on other stuff. A simple model for code quality is something like Q =(good programmers) / (good + bad programmers). I would actually argue that it's not even related to the average, and that bad programmers can degrade quality disproportionately to their actual number. I think it might be something closer to Q = (good programmers)^2 / (good + bad programmers)^2. This is what it seems like people are getting at with the whole "negative productivity" in the good/bad/10x programmer framework. Openness/closeness of the source code isn't the whole picture but the open-source model can more easily run into the too-many-cooks problem if the source is not properly gate-kept and reviewed in the aggregate. Thus I don't think it's entirely orthogonal. Of course closed-source software is typically commercial, which runs into its own set of pressures that degrade code quality. I think much more sophisticated testing systems are what will really boost code quality. More advanced detection suites that throw more warnings, mandated full unit test coverage, plus CI frameworks that make sure that your code isn't merged if it doesn't clear the warnings and pass the full-coverage unit test. Randomized address systems and mandated array-bounds checking that catch undefined behavior and off-by-one errors. Basically, making things fail noisily instead of silently and forcing contributors to pay attention. The C compiler in particular is really bad on the "throwing warnings" thing, even before you get yourself into other kinds of trouble. As in, according to the C standard, "rm -rf /" (or literally any other behavior the compiler wants) is a valid output behavior if you miss a closing quote([1]), rather than a compile-time error. That's an absurd definition in a security-minded world, and that's just the most egregious example of undefined behavior allowed by the C standard. JVM-style managed code and declared exceptions are annoying but do seem to be a step in the right direction from a security perspective. [1] http://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 I work with an electronic health records system that is coded in ActiveX applets and boy howdy is it bad. Nowadays there is no legitimate reason to use ActiveX. Ever. Static web pages should be coded in RoR/Java/ASP.net, dynamic-type pages should integrate jQuery/AJAX/JSON, really dynamic pages and games go into something like NaCl or (ugh) Flash. You shouldn't be touching Windows APIs from a browser applet, ever. Period. Whatever system does that should be rebuilt posthaste. With credit to @api - something like that is like driving drunk, an accident is inevitable. Microsoft makes a C# library that handles MS Office API interop. If that were the task I'd look at a .Net desktop application - or an applet-type arrangement of some kind. Dropper page + .Net application? Dropper page + Applet page that communicates to a .Net wrapper layer? Silverlight maybe? Something like that. I get my domains through DreamHost. Their "unlimited" hosting is not, and it's spotty, but if you register domains through them they give free domain-registry privacy proxying. I have bit of a hangup about my personal info being freely available through lookup. I'm up for re-evaluating my hosting soon, but right now I'm through Lithium Hosting. Haven't done much app-related stuff, but they've been fine for regular low-volume hosting stuff, and I pay $10/month (legacy plan). Web-faction sounds nice. I think you're mixing up a couple ideas here. It sounds like you're thinking of Pugachev's Cobra, which is a maneuver that can be performed by supermanouverable aircraft. In terms of maneuvers that could be performed in a WWI aircraft, I suspect it's either a hammerhead turn or a flat spin. In a hammerhead turn you climb vertically until the aircraft stalls, then use the rudder to yaw the aircraft to a vertical dive. Like an upside down u-shape. In a flat spin you do a power-on stall and yaw the aircraft in the same direction that your prop is torquing you. Either of those maneuvers would be pretty risky - while you're stalled out you'd be a sitting duck. That's not contradictory at all. Plenty of system administration tasks fall into the category of "easy to perform but not self-evident to someone with no experience". Microsoft doesn't get a cut of Jetbrains' IDE "mod" revenue, though, despite the fact that Reshaper and similar products "piggyback" (what a loaded term) onto Visual Studio and other Microsoft products. Microsoft already got their cut up front. Same thing for Bethesda - it's not their value-add and they don't have a moral right to take a cut. On the other hand Steam is providing a value-add here - a market and financial transaction services. Also, I wasn't aware that Bethesda had released their game engine for free. Care to give a link as to where they've done so? As far as I'm aware you still need to pay for a copy of it. My understanding is that that's how software distribution used to work back in the mainframe days - you'd get the source to build in your specific environment, and you could modify it to add whatever functionality you needed. Then binary distribution took over as platforms became more intercompatible. Generate and install your own CA root certificate. Boom, free. I kinda suspect he might be measuring the time it takes to launch a kernel rather than the time it takes the kernel to complete. Thrust device calls, like those of the underlying CUDA library, are asynchronous by default. The only exception is calls that result in a memcpy, which are synchronous. To wait until an async call is completed you need to call one of the synchronize commands, like cudaDeviceSynchronize. Looking through his test.cu file, he snaps a timestamp using std::clock right after doing the kernel launch with for_each. Ignoring the fact that this is not an accurate way to benchmark a GPU (you need to use events to accurately benchmark the kernel) what you're capturing will just be the processor time it takes to make the async kernel launch. Std::clock measures CPU time, which is (rightly) close to 0 for a program that runs on the GPU. It's entirely possible that you're not even getting valid results out of the other end - note that you don't show output. I don't know if thrust's magic device memory access function triggers a synchronization or not. I kinda remember having to make an explicit call when I did a GPU simulation. I don't have access to a CUDA box at the moment, I'd have to add those cudaDeviceSynchronize calls after the for_each invocations to be sure. There's also just the sheer bandwidth factor. A GTX Titan has 288 GB/s of BW, a Haswell with DDR3 puts out about 35 GB/s. That's a factor of 8.22x more bandwidth, so there's your 8x speedup. It's a highly memory-limited task so I suspect that's where any speedup would come from. You can compile Thrust using a device target of OpenMP, so no need to rewrite it in OpenCL. Sounds nice on paper, but do you think a meaningful punishment would get past the police union? I'm not a cop but my impression is very much "no". What about checking the history file into its own rep? Clone it as part of the build-environment setup, and commit/push after validation. You can even use this across a group of people and share each other's mutations. Or even simpler, why not have build actions copy it to/from a specific location outside the build target dir? You could even make it a shared network drive, if you didn't care about the possibility of losing someone's changes if two people run tests at the same time. Are surprisingly low for a well-engineered setup. You can run many pump jacks off a single-cylinder engine (a dozen or more in some arrangements). If you have two jacks that counterbalance each other, your only loss is friction. You can even run the engine on the natural gas that comes out too (which would normally just be flared off). If the resulting sites can't handle a traffic spike, it's not that great a tool, is it? No one wants a hammer that shatters if you swing it too hard... Being optimistic, it might just be a hosting problem. The guy in the article has only experienced it on Haswell. However, that doesn't mean that it doesn't exist elsewhere. Garage sale in rich-people areas. Scored a like-new Brioni for $75, I think it looks fantastic. Yeah, too expensive. You can get competing services for about $10-15 per TB IIRC, they just have a set of Java utilities instead of the fancy Web 3.0 frontend. Quick summary of dopant-mask trojans: small alterations to the chip's masks can "pin" bits of the internal PRNG state high or low. Because the output of the PRNG go through a cryptographically secure hashing algorithm the output appears to have good entropy but assuming you know which bits are pinned the actual keyspace you need to search is catastrophically smaller. Intel includes checksums that run at system startup to verify the functionality of the PRNG but these are aimed at catching manufacturing errors, so they used CRC32. Thus, all you need to do to break this is be sure that the internal state of your pinned PRNG and the fair PRNG produce a CRC32 collision after running the test pattern. http://sharps.org/wp-content/uploads/BECKER-CHES.pdf If RDSEED doesn't run through the hash, would that give you enough of a window into the PRNG's internal state to be able to catch that attack? It sounds promising but it looks like RDSEED came out in 2012, so that would predate the paper... At least at the moment, the limitation is power. Sure, they built a robot that can run and avoid obstacles, but its battery is probably dead in 10 minutes tops. There's a reason it's running on a power harness in the treadmill test. Unless they invent the Arc Reactor to along with it, those are a long way from the battlefield. The people I'm jealous of are the people who can listen to 128kbps and below - at that point I can't enjoy the music because I fixate on all the compression artifacts. I prefer to keep FLACs (lossless compression, so just like a WAV except smaller) myself, just so I can re-encode to my lossy format/bitrate of choice without incurring generational loss. 320kbps is probably clean enough but who cares, disk space is cheap. But for listening, 320kbps MP3 is A-OK, I don't know whether or not I could ABX it but I don't hear enough artifacts to trigger me. For more situations where size matters, I use V0 or V1 (depending on what I'm playing it on and the type of music). At V1 I start hearing a few artifacts in tough passages, but it takes an enormous chunk out of the filesize relative to FLAC. I used to have an iRiver H320 - with replacement firmware (RockBox) I could even play FLAC on it. I eventually replaced the 20GB HDD with a 16GB CompactFlash as a ghetto SSD, used to get like 20 hours of battery life on it. It could also do optical out, recorded in MP3 or WAV, and was super easy to change parts on. Great player for a hacker. I used it daily and hard for probably 7 years before the screws would no longer grab, I need to get it back out and see if I can get it going again. I did my part: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1172218 Even though it will cost me a buttload of time to rebuild all my cookies: fuck Mozilla, when did they turn into SourceForge? Because it doesn't belong within the core browser framework. A browser should not tie to your "internet identity", whether it's an account or a cookie fingerprint. That actually is the business of a service to manage. Resolution of the final hardware will be 1080x1200 per eye (2160x1200 total) over a 90* field of view. I'm not quite sure how to translate that into pixel density properly given the resolution is spread between your eyes, but I'd guess at least as good as a 1080p screen that fills a 90* angle of view? The user experience would be quite different, as you could simply rotate+tilt the viewport to see sections of a larger virtual monitor screen. So it wouldn't necessarily be as restricting as low resolution on a fixed screen. I'll say that I do that (define constants to variables/consts/#DEFINE/etc and then use them as arguments), and I do it for exactly the reasons you describe. I also try to make magic numbers as self-explanatory as possible - rather than (say) use the number 84600 I'll write 60 * 60 * 24 for when I want the number of seconds per day. It's way easier to remember what's going on when you come back a year later, and all but the simplest compilers will be smart enough to bash it down to constant parameters if that's possible. Yeah, more lines of code, but I think readability trumps terseness (within reason). Some functions just use a bunch of parameters and it's not really the extra line to name the parameter that's causing the issue. Also if you're using an editor that does code folding you could just fold that block away. For that situation the least-smelly answer is logger classes with a severity method logger.error("message") or a log statement with a severity parameter logger.log(LOGLEVEL.ERROR, "message") That lets you change the capture level based on the situation without the need to recompile your application, on a fine granularity (eg class-level). Getting errors in production? Edit one line of XML to turn up the capture level and go. High-performance logging frameworks like SLF4J handle the first case very intelligently, there's almost no overhead to skipping a logging call. If used wisely with a high-performance logging engine (Log4j2 or Logback) there shouldn't be many calls needed, and except in very narrow situations the performance impact (if you could find one) would be drastically outweighed by the improvements in maintainability. Code quality does have its costs at times - otherwise we'd all be writing assembly. It's not going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back when it comes to performance. Indeed, they already do it right now: http://www.fms.treas.gov/faq/moretopics_gifts.html They obviously don't take in anything more than a trivial amount of money. If you think that people would donate an equivalent amount of money if their taxes were eliminated - then you must have an awful lot of faith in people's inherent generosity in the face of their own self-interest. The economically optimal decision for any one person is to not give, but in the aggregate that means we don't have funding for infrastructure, research, etc. That's very true. Fuji is notorious for this - they build fantastic cameras/lenses but until recently there was little advertising and they were difficult to source outside Japan. They're also very bad at keeping US customers in the loop about their supply issues. Film, also. The Impossible Project is truly impressive. Polaroid film is a mindblowingly complex product to develop, since it's basically a photo lab sandwiched into a thin sheet. Even if their results aren't perfect, it's amazing they're making it work at all. There's also a small group of people who are rebooting the Ferriana film line. For the motivational posters specifically, you might want to check out a Perceptual Hash type algorithm. Convert the image to a 64px square low-depth grayscale (4b?) and most of them should look more or less the same to PHash. Maybe you then classify them into clusters based on hash distance or something. I also like your dominant-color thing. If you have a couple approaches that each make sense, you can use them as an ensemble - the more classifiers that don't like something, the more likely it's junk. As an aside - decimation refers to a punitive act in which the Romans would kill every tenth man. If you have 2/3 mortality, that's much worse than decimation. It's not really code - more of a pseudocode, because it leaves the details of the implementation to the reader. Might be what you were getting at with "doesn't compile or run". He's thinking on the level of "replacing IPs", not "replacing domain names". Such addresses would be like .onion domains - only becoming marginally human-meaningful with a significant computational expense. But since IPs aren't very human-meaningful anyway it's a step forward. You would still have the problem of name resolution. However since the address would be the public key, once you had resolved the address the identity of the other party would be assured. Assuming that an attacker cannot feasibly generate an equivalent public key, you remove key exchange+authentication as an attack surface. Key management could be a downside. If you want to update your key you have changed your address, which would look like a name-resolution poisoning attack. There are feasible ways around this but none are ideal (particularly if your key was compromised, mechanisms like signed forwarding records would become extremely hazardous). It would probably have to rely on name-resolution mechanisms similar to those used by current IP addresses. Hey guys that BadBios is totally impossible, agreed? What a scrub, UEFI viruses are impossible. lol psychotic break amirite I caught a message on the Windows install rebooot about "Intel AMT activated" during a clean reformat - but in BIOS it shows deactivated on reboot. Kaspersky/Malwarebytes/CCleaner shows clean on every scan for system files - I'm seriously wondering whether I need to dump this machine hardware and all. The cause for the reformat in the first place was a potential virus infection, maybe a rootkit. I didn't want to let it back on my network after I scanned a cryptolocker variant in my temp folder. When you've got a BIOS-level rootkit, what's unbelievable about a hardware-level transmission mechanism? If an OS can load device drivers, why not an exploit toolkit? Again, the problem with the BadBios story (?) from a security-level perspective was that it came from the head of a top-level security consultant - so it's hard to know if it's true or not, because if he was chasing at system ghosts, they were 100% feasible system ghosts, with Proof Of Concepts delivered (eg reception of ultrasonic transmission via laptop speakers [1]). At this point I do believe they were ghosts, but if you want to analyze them - posting about an actively-administered rootkit installation on your LAN on the internet was a mistake, because once detected the attackers would pull back. And the more we learn about state-level cyberattacks, the more that potential attack rings true. It's just a question of tradeoff - do you really think that at least one party who could mount an A-grade cyberattack would do so against one of the people most likely to detect and analyze it, versus the chance to see what exists in his systems? When you get down to it, once infected you cannot trust so basic a system as a hard drive, and the NSA has attacked that firmware [2]. See: Reflections on Trusting Trust. [3] And that's about 90% of Dragos' sins right there - not trusting systems (or even components) that were exposed to unknown exploits translates as "paranoia" to the average user. [1] http://www.jocm.us/index.php?m=content&c=index&a=show&catid=... [2] http://www.wired.com/2015/02/nsa-firmware-hacking/0 [3] https://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ganger/712.fall02/papers/p761-thomp... BIOS is not the sum total of all firmware on a computer - for example you can write a rootkit that lives in the southbridge controller [1] [2] and [article]. And you're correct, as you note - unless you're plugged into the JTAG how do you know you actually reflashed with a clean firmware/BIOS? It's important not to mix the sensational reporting with what Dragos actually claimed - he only claimed an audio sidechannel as an airgap jumper and/or stay-behind re-loader mechanism on previously-infected systems. Which is actually perfectly possible, especially given that many audio chipsets still have native soft-modem capability built in. Could you write a "loader" firmware virus that re-downloads a more substantial rootkit via soft-modem with an ultrasonic carrier? Well, it's not impossible ... That's generally the problem with the BadBios tale - he's a security researcher so his claim was just at the edge of possibility, but it would have to be an very sophisticated piece of work. It's more likely that the guy was jumping at shadows, but then you read stuff like the [article], which I read as implying that BIOS/firmware-level malware is starting to trickle down to small-scale private actors. [1] https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-usa-07/Heasman/Pre... [2] https://www.blackhat.com/presentations/bh-dc-07/Heasman/Pape... No, I'm more suspicious of generic botnet/ransomware stuff. Which probably isn't anything that sophisticated. That was yesterday. Having slept on it, I think the most likely cause is that I happened on a key combination that tries to poll status or activate AMT during POST/early boot (eg maybe something for service techs to load/auto-configure AMT off PXE or USB or something). An auto-loader for AMT wouldn't thrill me either, of course. Finding a cryptolocker installer in my Temp folder just has me running paranoid, I've never seen that particular message appear before, and it was gone before I could really get a good look. Managed to dig up this paper on some of the potential black-hat applications of AMT [1]. Happened on another interesting one on Intel SGX [2]. It's certainly a net positive to have virtualization/sandboxing, secure enclaves, etc in our systems - but it always bugs me that they paradoxically create the potential for rootkits that are impossible to pry out once they're situated. The idea of a platform-neutral technology that could serve as a vector for malware is a particularly disturbing one to me. Developing viruses for each individual BIOS implementation is something of a barrier to large-scale contagion of such malware, but there's probably a much smaller number of (eg) AMT or SGX versions with significant code overlap. [1] http://me.bios.io/images/0/0f/Csk_lacon12_intel_amt.pdf [2] http://theinvisiblethings.blogspot.com/2013/09/thoughts-on-i... That's my personal experience. With a single pass/fail condition most of the population tended to get trapped at the naieve solution - a 50% success rate. This was the better part of a decade ago during my sophomore year of university, so it's entirely possible I somehow fucked up the backprop that was guiding it. In hindsight, maybe I was pruning too hard. But my experience was that it's hard to get your nets to develop the complexity to escape the basic naieve cases. How about accept-and-randomly-lose? I'm a big fan of RFC 748 [1] [1] https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc748 He's referring to 3D density. Die stacking is one way to do that, and it's the only one that isn't just wild fantasy. Another would be for the die to have multiple layers within a single die - which can't be done with current technology, but isn't physically impossible. Basically what you'd need to do is similar to PCB fabrication - you need to create "blind" and "buried" features within a series of stacked layers. Obviously that capability doesn't exist right now, but you could look at using an ion beam to create a planar mask that targets only a single layer within a multilayer wafer. The particles travel through material without depositing energy until they reach a critical threshold [1], after which they rapidly deposit nearly all of their energy. This allows you to give the beam a specific "depth", in other words it can be targeted in 3D. Perhaps - because it's a particle beam, not an EM wave - it might also be less susceptible to some of the problems caused by the wave nature of light, even in a more conventional application. I know it from proton radiotherapy (a good general rundown of the technology here [2]), and I wonder if it couldn't also be used for something like this. A lot of problems would have to be solved. You'd be talking about a substantially different process from standard wafer production, you'd have to tighten up the Z-resolution, etc. No idea if it'd work or not in the end, but I think it'd be interesting to look. Or alternately maybe we figure out some additive/subtractive method that lets us create multiple layers on a single die another way. For the short terms it's going to be die stacking though. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bragg_peak [2] http://www.aapm.org/meetings/05AM/pdf/18-4016-65735-22.pdf Actually taxis and personal automobiles do not create an equivalent amount of congestion. Personal automobiles tend to go point to point during several peak periods, after which they park and are off the roads. Commercial vehicles like taxis, on the other hand, are in service all day. Taxicabs, in particular, produce a lot of congestion since they're always stopping to pick up/drop off fares. The money shot on this is that a single taxi produces congestion equivalent to about 40 personal vehicles, and a 15% increase in taxicabs reduces all traffic speeds by about 12% [1]. A certain level of taxis is a good thing, but they don't solve the need for an effective mass transit system. [1] http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2012/01/20/more-taxis-... No, this is just how modern game drivers work nowadays [1]. With older APIs (pre-Mantle/Vulkan/DX12) it's really opaque how to produce correct and performant code. And even past that, AAA game devs have enough clout to basically force hardware companies to fix their bugs, eg one major game never made BeginFrame/EndFrame calls which is a horrendous violation of API rules. You don't want to have "broken drivers" on launch day while it works on your competitor's hardware. This results in a game of pattycake where the game developers and the driver developers are both guessing at what the other will do, and trying to optimize for it. So game releases basically require having an NVIDIA/AMD developer sit down, profile your code, and figure out which of the tens-to-hundreds of thousands of behavior triggers and optimizations should be turned on for your game. What's probably going on here is that CS:GO is having a different set of optimizations applied from its parent game (or hasn't had any at all applied yet on Linux). The big question here is whether CS:GO actually works 100% reliably on those settings, on all AMD GPUs, on all possible combinations of graphics settings. Because it's very possible that it doesn't, or that no one has verified that it does. [1] http://www.gamedev.net/topic/666419-what-are-your-opinions-o... The article did address that - the simulated "15% increase in traffic volume" results from adding either an additional 2,000 taxis OR the equivalent 80,000 private cars. You may think that it's more socially optimal to have the taxi instead of the equivalent 40 private vehicles, of course. This is just speaking strictly in terms of congestion. Not just energy density, it's also a stability issue. A significant chunk of energy usage is constant (base load), and there's also a fraction that varies over time as everyone comes home after work and turns on their air conditioners and ovens (peak load). Base load is ideally handled by an energy-dense approach that produces a very stable level of power. Peak load can be handled with more variable sources of energy, but at the end of the day these are usually backed up by gas-fired plants that can be quickly spooled up to match demand. The problem with photovoltaic solar is that its capacity undergoes a significant level of variance on both an instantaneous and a medium-term scale (time of day). As such it's best treated as a peak source. Otherwise you need enormous, enormous batteries to try and smooth the load. Using electric car batteries and so on is a good idea from the perspective of the utility, but it's a raw deal for the consumer. The lifetime of a battery is limited by charge/discharge cycles as well as time, and they're stealing your cycles. A replacement battery is an enormous chunk of change, it's about the same cost as replacing an engine. Note that this is not true of all solar techniques. For example, there's a solar-concentration technique that stores heat in molten salt, which helps to smooth out short-to-medium variation. When you lose the sun, you get a smooth curve that deteriorates over a period of hours to days rather than an instant dropoff. This is suitable for use as a base source. I was going to say, Pi isn't really the optimal choice here to begin with. For the same wattage, the Parallela is two orders of magnitude more powerful, but it's a more unusual processor to compute on. The Jetson TK-1 is the other option - an NVIDIA dev board for the Tegra K-1 SoC. It's also not entirely similar to CPU programming, but CUDA GPGPU is a more well-trodden path for HPC. I don't know of any actual switched-fabric mezzanine cards available for the Parallela. If you have a link I'd be very interested. A similar approach would be to exploit a mini PCI-Express connector like the one on the Jetson. The Jetson also has a daughterboard connector available, but my understanding is that it's proprietary and I don't think NVIDIA offers a switched-fabric card. I've been really unsuccessful at getting a Pi to not destroy SD cards. Good quality cards, good quality power supplies, no swapping - it still eats them up. The best way to fix this is to put the actual OS on an external disk. You absolutely must bootstrap from an SD card, there's no way around that. But that can be entirely read-only and then you bounce to the external drive. Or maybe you could do something like a PXE boot instead - copy a system image down from a server and boot that. Personal opinion, this is the only way I would try using Pis on a long-term basis. The Jetson TK-1 board from NVIDIA includes a real SATA connector. Because it's GPGPU-capable it's also vastly more powerful than even a Pi2. It also has USB 3.0 so running swap on a memory stick would be much more performant. http://blogs.wcode.org/2013/09/howto-netboot-a-raspberry-pi/ http://www.whaleblubber.ca/boot-raspberry-pi-nfs/ That's what Canary Releases are for. You roll it out to (say) 2% of your users and see whether it shits the bed. If it does, NBD, you roll it back or patch. If it's good you roll it out to everyone. There are very few "non-critical" systems in a 2+ ton vehicle moving at highway-to-expressway speeds. For an example of what a "minor" system like seat position can do, consider the following: http://www.lakecountrynow.com/opinion/blogs/communityblogs/1... After more investigation they ended up suspecting a different failure mode, but it speaks to the danger of even pedestrian functionality. Most people are shit drivers who are unsafe to be around in the best of times, "minor" things like stereo control, windshield washing, etc are certainly enough to distract them let alone being physically moved out of the reach of the controls. Particularly in combination, let alone in rush hour traffic or bad weather. If source code is no longer copyrighted then all software is at least free-as-in-beer as well as free to be decompiled and reverse-engineered. Source code would presumably be something along the lines of a trade secret, but it would be incredibly easy to rip off unless you compartmented access to a degree that completely kneecapped development. And being real honest here, if closed-source companies want to rip off ideas from open source, they go right ahead and do it. A lot of time they will even go ahead and rip off the implementation/source too. Occasionally they get caught but it's rather difficult to identify violators. Once you do so you need to out-lawyer violators who have significantly deeper pockets than the FSF. Whether or not society would be better off without copyrighted software is left to the opinions of the reader - but I think it's absolutely undeniable that open source development would gain an immense competitive advantage compared to an infinitesimal gain by closed-source development. Depends on what you need. You can buy olives at a supermarket olive bar for $9 a pound (wet weight), or you can buy 5 lbs for $4/lb dry weight (8 lbs wet/shipping weight, so $2.48 per lb measured equivalently) on Amazon and have them there in 2 days. There's also many goods you just can't buy in suburban/rural locations - my wife makes fabulous miso, but good luck finding 2 different kinds of seaweed and bonito flakes at your Walmart. If you don't have an Asian market in proximity Amazon is literally your only choice (and they're actually not cheap there). For pet supplies they drastically beat the selection of a Wal-Mart and drastically beat the prices of a real pet store (eg stuff like Feliway or Nature's Miracle). Yes, for certain commonly-consumed heavy or bulky goods, i.e. anything that's either mostly air (like toilet paper) or mostly liquid (like detergent) they aren't your best choice. That's not all goods by any means. Also you're comparing the mileage of a bus (the UPS truck) to a passenger vehicle. The UPS truck is delivering goods for a hundred other people on his run today, the gas spent transporting your package is an absolutely insignificant fraction of that. If you're really worried about ~my carbon emissions~ then you should really be thinking about ditching that car and getting yourself to work on one of those 5 mpg busses. That's really true of many small assets. I collect historical collectibles and my purchases a decade ago have done extremely well just based on a lazy "buy at a price you can't so no to, then hold" strategy. On a basis of probably $2.5k I've had the average asset appreciate a ballpark-guess ~100%, which outperforms the DJIA over a similar timeframe. Is that the right valuation? Yes. Is it liquid in the sense that I could get cash for it tomorrow? Nope. What are the storage costs? On the scale I'm working at - a lot of manual labor and some home shelf space. It's not a scalable strategy. Could I park a couple grand, maybe tens of grands into it per year? Yes. Could I park millions into it? No way, that would have a noticeable impact on my purchasing markets. Of course - in the Plutonomy strategy [1] [2] [3], it's wealthy buyers who really determine the value of assets. And they like good wine. [1] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-1.pdf [2] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-2.pdf [3] http://delong.typepad.com/plutonomy-3.pdf Not only a decent amount of memory, but a very powerful GPU for its category (192 Kepler cores supporting CUDA compute) and a lot of features and expandability (SATA, USB 3.0, 1GigE, mPCI-e, etc). The primary target market is a dev board for automotive applications like dashboard rendering, machine vision for things like backup warnings, etc. But it's an extremely powerful machine for its size/power and has many potential applications for embedded processing. It's been out for a couple years now, and what I'm really waiting for is an updated version with the new Tegra X1 SoC! Where's my Jetson TX1 NVIDIA? Many sites won't accept email addresses with + in them, because many devs have extremely wrongheaded ideas about validation. I used to have a first.m.last@university.edu address and that one was touch-and-go as well due to the fact that the mailbox had two .'s in it. I actually had to file a support request to get Amazon Student to accept it, even. Nobody from a university with that scheme ever registered before? For the record, the gold standard for email validation is "send a confirmation link and see if they click it". Don't try and get fancy. One other trick is that Gmail ignores .'s in addresses entirely. first.last@gmail.com is the same as firstlast or f.irstlast. So wait, what now? So you can have an email address like first.last@isp..co.jp? Can you give me a generic example? Yeah, I'm with the other guy, regardless of whether or not it's a good idea to do validation (it's not), that's not an address that should pass validation because it's not a valid domain or hostname. I could see it being less of a big deal in the mailbox portion given that it's now kinda kosher to ignore dots there. Yes, my thoughts flew to the same thing. This is a recipe for regular users getting stomped. Allowing organized and coordinated commercial exploitation of unlicensed bands is a total violation of the intention of those bands. If you want to run your home router, fine, but when you turn it into a business that has the potential to cause a meaningful disruption of other users you need to either get a band of your own or contract/integrate with someone who does (like a cell carrier). Also you have to remember that by 1944-45 the Japanese economy was a smoking ruin. They'd lost all their overseas territories, we were island-hopping up to their doorstep, and firebombing the shit out of their industrial centers in Honshu. They were incapable of manufacturing sufficient quantities of basic war materiel like rifles, and they could only turn out a very limited quantity of high-end manufacturing like the J2M Raiden and the N1K Shiden interceptor aircraft (which were an known quantity, let alone developing new heavy-bomber type engines like that). Most of that critical production had actually been moved into caves to keep it safe from the firebombing. That's how fucked they were. The idea of them pulling off a Manhattan Project-scale effort - even if they knew exactly what to do - is utterly preposterous. You'd be talking about a very large-scale effort that utilized a great deal of rare resources, energy, and scientific+high-end engineering capacity and it's utterly implausible even if they abandoned everything else. Let alone being able to effectively deliver it in anything except a tactical attack. No heavy bombers, no carrier fleet, no overseas bases? Not gonna happen. Best case is you sneak it into a west-coast harbor with a long-range sub on a one-way trip (if there's one thing that could have made us angrier than Pearl Harbor...). Most likely case you blow it retaking some random island. Worst case, well, they did kinda have the suicide cult thing going on. Now that said they were clearly doing basic research/groundwork on the topic, even if they didn't have the capability to execute mass production or an effective attack. The general concepts of fission were pretty well known even pre-war - it was more of an industrial problem than a conceptual one, in the sense that they would have had to figure out the exact rates/constants involved in fission and the exact technologies/designs needed to cause effective fission, figure out the purification/refining processes and scale them up. The specifics weren't known, but pre-war physicists pretty much understood how to build an atom bomb in principle, looooong before they got their hands on workable quantities of material. Otherwise the US never would have devoted that quantity of expertise and resources. "What if Germany was never taken over by crazy people" is a hell of a counterfactual. In combination with "and they also retain all their focus and war-like drive", I'm pretty sure that's where the idea for Khan Noonian Singh came from. The eugenics wars of the 1990s... "The candle that burns at both ends burns twice as brightly" is kind of a recurrent theme. Really the only way you wouldn't get that boiling-over that resulted in the Nazi takeover and the Holocaust would have been for the Treaty of Versailles to go way easier on them, or at least once the depression started happening. Once you fuck over a country with massive debt repayments within the context of a global depression, nationalistic backlash is inevitable. See: the current situation with Greece and the increasing rise of the fascist Golden Dawn party, who have been hovering disconcertingly close to double-digit territory lately. And by that point in the alternate-universe hypothetical we're pretty much talking Kumbayah territory. By 1960 we've formed the one-earth government, we're on the moon and have eradicated polio. Nowadays we're probably vacationing on the moon, 10% of the world population lives on spaceships, and we've got an asteroid in orbit being strip-mined and outfitted into an Aldrin cycler for our Mars settlement. Wait, why can't I live in that universe again? Not the one with Khan, the one with the asteroid mining... He also "proved" (incorrectly) that graphite was not an appropriate moderator. Which ruled out bombs pretty much entirely. In hindsight, he was actually blatantly incorrect. Dude knew it was possible and convinced the rest of the German scientists it wasn't, for long enough to make a difference. If you read between the lines, he's almost gloating in that transcript. "On the other hand the whole heavy-water business, which I did everything I could to further, cannot produce an explosive." "We wouldn't have had *the moral courage* to recommend to the government in the spring of 1942 that they should employ 120,000 men just for building the thing up." "The point is that the whole structure of the relationship between the scientist and the state in Germany was such that although we were not *100% anxious* to do it, on the other hand we were so little trusted by the state that *even if we had wanted to do it*, it would not have been easy to get it through." "Well, that's not quite right. I would say that I was absolutely convinced of the possibility of our making a uranium engine, *but I never thought we would make a bomb, and at the bottom of my heart I was really glad that it was to be an engine and not a bomb. I must admit that*." That's a Bill Gates level of finely-parsed deposition right there. What is "CRUM ADV LOCK ON PHONE"? I can't decide whether to go for the "null vector" joke or the "yo mamma's magnitude is so great"... It costs money because it's a durable capital expense that generates revenue, and can later be sold for as much or more than you initially paid. Now as to why have medallions - taxis cause congestion, and a lot of it. You drive your privately owned car to work and park it, a taxi keeps circling the block all day and pulls to the curb to pick up fares. A single taxi causes as much congestion as 40 private cars [1] - and New York is notorious for gridlock already. You gotta limit congestion somehow, and it makes sense to limit the most congestion-causing vehicles first. And when you're talking about a limited revenue-generating asset then the price spirals upwards. I personally think medallions should be auctioned on a yearly basis or something, to minimize the financialization. [1] http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2012/01/20/more-taxis-... At the end of the day they are a scarce, highly demanded, revenue generating asset and as long as people are renting them, someone will price them appropriately (i.e. whatever the market will bear). It should be the city capturing that revenue instead of Mario's Medallion Rentals [1]. There are externalities to having a bunch of taxis clogging up traffic - $500 million per year in wasted time alone. The city is the one who spends to improve mobility. At the end of the day taxi service is a business. Nobody goes homeless because of the scarcity of medallions for roaming taxicabs. Driving for a dispatch service or doing other work - yes, homeless - no. If you're suggesting that we do it as a subsidized public-works jobs program, I can think of much more deserving projects than driving a taxi. I'd rather have them driving subway trains instead, for starters. [1] Note: the current system does not capture revenue for the city very effectively, but it should. Would you say that pollution allocations (eg SO2 or CO2 credits) are also not a capital asset? I mean sure, you can buy them and sell them or take out an option against their future value. But you could just break the law and pollute without one perfectly fine. I fundamentally disagree with that assertion. Legal compliance is just as valid a consideration as physical necessity. Just because you can dump toxic waste in the river doesn't mean that should be the baseline behavior. Congestion is basically a form of pollution - pollution of our traffic system. The existence of taxi medallions is no more or less valid than the existence of liquor licenses. Societies regulate things that they deem to have negative externalities, film at 11. It doesn't matter that they have roots that you dislike (eg prohibitionism), what matters is the role we assign them in the present time. Past performance does not guarantee future returns and all that. That's good in my book, I'm not a fan of the way they've been financialized. I'd rather see them auctioned off on a yearly basis to avoid institutional investors running the price up. So a big drop in medallion value is just fine with me.