I signed up for HN over 2 years ago, made one post, then promptly forgot my login. I've tried on a few occasions to remember, but this is the incentive I needed to finally figure it out - thanks. Disclaimer: I've never done an industrial-class password hash, but the salts you show match my understanding of good practice. Coincidentally this was posted on HN today, and it takes issue with the hashing method rather than the salt: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Grados are old-school ugly, but they sound fantastic and don't completely block out the world. I have the SR60. I keep seeing this "problem" come up, but I don't understand how it's realistic. If you have a function that modifies a parameter as a side effect, why would you have a default value for the parameter? And since the site's comments seem to be taken over by link spam, is this mention on Hacker News just a clever way to juice the Google rank of said spam? How is that possible? I thought that a generic word in common use couldn't be trademarked at all. Is the system really that broken? First step, talk to a lawyer. Don't trust anything you read on the internet, including what comes next - I am not a lawyer, and even if I were I am not your lawyer. I find it funny that the letter talks about copyright and making copies. You can't copyright a name, although you can certainly trademark it. uspto.gov has a trademark search function. And there's no better reward for the prankster than taking your freak-out public. The link ends up at a paywall. Sorry, can't be bothered. Interesting tech, but calling it 300 DPI is a bit dishonest. It takes 2 pixels to get the full color gamut, so your effective resolution is cut in half. If you have a programmers.stackexchange.com account, you might want to put a vote in here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/47197/are-the... I guess Bing has a little catching up to do in its misspelling detection. I've often been glad I'm not a lawyer. Could you imagine writing code (a contract) that you can't test before putting into production, and running it on a processor (Judge) that would execute it inconsistently from every other processor? The more useful BitCoin becomes, the more of a threat it becomes to the governments of the world. You'll be creating a huge lightning rod. The two most likely outcomes are BitCoin is a flop and so are you, or the government shuts you down. Not very promising prospects. The peak always comes just before the decline. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The best way is to point out real-life bad outcomes. It's a bit difficult because they tend to be hushed over. Here's one example, I'm sure nobody had access to their database either: http://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/articles.php?art_id=2415 No question I'd talk to a lawyer before trying to integrate this service into my own product. Already discussed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2687680 Is it the work "TODO" which has been trademarked, or just the graphic associated with it? If it's the word, I'm disgusted - words and phrases in common usage shouldn't be eligile for trademark. Bitter much? The value of a college education hasn't changed in a long time. It has never been a guarantee of a job. It has never been the only way to learn things. The only thing that has changed is the cost: the price of college has outpaced inflation for many many years. Only a small part of your rant covered that aspect. Success comes to those who demonstrate their worth. A degree is only a part of that process. You're going to get a huge amount of selection bias in a poll like this. The people most likely to try out Google+ are the ones who were already looking for an alternative to Facebook. You could simply open the footnote in a new tab, then the only effort to returning would be to close the tab. Or better just leave it open for the next footnote you come to. Citations go 20 years before that: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Citations:automagical#English Unfortunately the P&T office has gone stark raving mad. And nobody will step up to overturn these because that costs money, and who will fight for something they can't own either? I just turned on showdead but I still can't see anything at the link. Even if the patent has expired, copyright is still in place. You can't use the code unless it was placed in the public domain by the author or you have been granted a license. You could however write your own code that expresses the same algorithm. Nothing about this protects you from violating any other patents. The patent may be expired, but an enhancement to it might be granted a new patent, and your implementation might inadvertently infringe on the enhancement. There may also be cases where two patents cover the same algorithm. Be careful about assuming a patent has expired, terms have changed in the past and you have to consider foreign patents as well. Like a virus scanner. Or a virus. Shouldn't you be asking GoDaddy instead of us? Seems like a simple problem to resolve unless they're actively ignoring you. Old joke: "Being a founder means you can work half-days if you want. The best part is you get to choose which 12 hours that is." Your relationship with your customer(s) should be your number one priority. With a 1 year head start you should be the premier option, it would be interesting to find out what caused this defection. If you strongarm them back to you, what will be the long-term consequences? Deleting a ton of emails is one sign of a hacked account, and Google has been trying to add safeguards lately. They're probably waiting for you to contact them, at which point you'll have to jump through hoops to prove you're the rightful owner. The current system works well enough and is unlikely to be replaced, ever. 1) Append .com and see where it takes you. 2) Let a search engine figure it out. And tell me again why this belongs on HackerNews? The devices exist already, except they're all running Android. It shouldn't take more than a few tweaks to get WebOS running instead. Any HW manufacturer could try it to test the waters, and if they're first it would be good PR. Ironically the site features don't work in IE8. I went back to the link and couldn't find that disclaimer. Can you tell me where it is? Edit: never mind, it's not on the linked page, it's on the parent page. And how was I supposed to know that? I think ultimately the worst thing will be the unintended consequences, but those are hard to predict before they happen - and don't fit conveniently into a sound bite. Naturally there are always applications that can use more raw power, but the article focuses on those segments and I think that's misguided. The real growth powered by Moore's Law in the immediate future will be processors that are lower power and cheaper, not faster. The success of the iPad has proven that faster processors are not what the public is clamoring for right now. Mainstream tasks really hit diminishing returns after two cores. Not that processors won't get faster, just that the transistor budget won't get used to that end exclusively. I'm pessimistic for the future of the cloud on mobile devices, because we'll reach a bandwith limit. As the frequencies fill up the pipes are going to get more sluggish over time, unlike the trends we see in other tech sectors. Reminds me of the children's book "Something for Nothing" which took the principle a step further. When some cats started trashing a dog's house just for fun, he offered to pay them to do it. The next day he paid more but made them work harder for it. And again etc. Finally he said he had no more money, and the intrinsic motivation of the rogue cats was gone - he never saw them again. Reason 1: past success is the best predictor of future success. With no track record you can't be evaluated. Reason 2: there are certain things that can be only learned by experience. If you have no experience, you haven't learned those things yet. A VC or Angel knows they're taking a risk that you won't be able to handle the job, so they spread their investments over a lot of companies hoping to find that diamond in the rough. Even so they're not going to hand over money to everyone who asks for it, you need to prove yourself to them through some means other than experience. Look at how tough it is to get into YC for example. I have a friend who worked as a programmer until a bad case of burnout coincided with a layoff. He's been driving for a delivery service for at least 10 years now. I've never heard of Deja Vu harming anyone, but I'm not a doctor. Maybe you should start by talking to someone who is. Have you been taking care of yourself? Getting enough sleep? You're blaming Apple because the different carriers all decided on incompatible RF standards? You're blaming Apple because your carrier doesn't offer a family data plan, and you refuse to consider a wifi-only iPad? I think you're ranting in the wrong direction, and in the wrong place. I thought this would be a perfect chance to try http://octopart.com/ but no luck there. Sorry. There are a few states that have laws covering this situation, otherwise it probably depends on the agreements you signed when you were hired. stackoverflow.com/questions/401269/states-having-nonassignable-invention-exceptions-similar-to-california-code-sect I don't know what the default is in cases where there's no explicit agreement, but this outcome seems possible. www.dilbert.com/2009-01-22/ Forgive me that the links aren't clickable, I'm having trouble submitting this comment and I suspect it's a bozo filter that I'm tripping. I think this is missing the difference between grabbing your Facebook login and using Facebook's OpenID capability. The only piece of information StackOverflow gets back from Facebook is the fact that you're logged in there. Does the Linux disk cache push out pages that are used by running applications? I believe Windows does it, though I can't state that for a fact. How well does it work with formatted email? The problem is coming up with a scaling algorithm that works ideally on every kind of image; it simply can't be done. Some methods work better for some images, and other methods work better on others. Wikipedia has a good overview: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image_scaling The scaling in the browser has to work on any arbitrary resizing, not just 2x. A simple pixel doubling only works in one specific circumstance, and would be inconsistent with other scaled images. I've always felt that reputation is an imperfect proxy for how helpful you've been, which is the important thing in the end. That screen shot is a much more direct measure - you should be proud of it! Unfortunately, justice doesn't scale. Or at least they haven't found a way to automate it yet. I get the feeling from what I've seen online that they just decided to accept a certain rate of false positives. From their point of view one less seller doesn't make a whole lot of difference. Obviously things look different from your end. This is exactly why Jeff Atwood was wrong. If you can solve your own problem instead of having to communicate it to someone else, you've taken away 75% of the impediment to a solution. Yes, context is key. My implied context was small problems that can be solved with just a little bit of programming. If the problem is big enough to require a team then a different approach is required. People deal with small problems or questions all the time. If you can answer your own question using less effort than it would require you to communicate the question to someone else, you're ahead. http://dilbert.com/strips/comic/2000-08-19/ It also has HDMI. They should have dropped the VGA and saved a buck. If you don't have a young girl you might not appreciate the link between "Pinkie Pie" and "Pwnie": http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Pinkie_Pie The wording is rude, but I'm sure that's because it's an off-the-cuff answer. The concept is valid though - advertise up-front that the lowest cost option does not include free support. You can add a 4th option with a link where users can ask for help from other users. Have they backpedaled at all on their decision to not build executables for XP? I couldn't find any mention on the Jason Zander blog, so I assume not. You'll miss out on some C++11 features. That might be a good thing though, we've already run into a vector bug in VS2010 because of it. That's half the answer. In reality much of the efficiency gain due to technology is going to the employer rather than the employee. Even if you were content with a 1960's lifestyle, it would take more hours to support than the technology gains would suggest. The link appears to be down now, either it served its nefarious purpose or it's a victim of its own success. The marked answer may be changed, so there's still hope. The problem is when the question is asked by someone who won't be back to see your new awesome answer because they've already moved on. There are many ways to get to a blog page - Google for one, Hacker News for another. You really need some way to put it into context. Why lose the opportunity to introduce another potential user to your service? That's only due to the age of the question. If a similar one were asked today it would be shut down before it got 2 answers. No, I'm not saying there should be explicit text in the blog. I'm saying there should be a link somewhere on the page that takes you to the home page or "About Us" or "More about ". That's good design practice for any web site, because there's no telling how someone landed on your page. Finding a leaf node shouldn't leave you stranded. I nearly burst out laughing when I read "Hacker Noise". Seeing the breakdown from 1900 makes me very worried about the reports of TB strains that can't be cured by any known antibiotic. E.G. http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2012/01/invincible-tb-indi... They're using the Craigslist reputation and page views indirectly. The information is only on Craigslist because people placed it there, and what was their reason for choosing Craigslist in the first place? Reputation and page views. How does simple zooming produce that horribly mangled graphic on the left of that screenshot? That seems like a deficiency in your browser. I don't think anti-aliasing is the explanation. I had a look at the GIF zoomed up in Paint.NET and there's nothing unusual about it, just the gray triangle with some lighter-shade pixels around the edges. I think the browser has a flaw when enlarging images with transparency - eliminating the transparency around the arrow would probably fix everything. Craigslist clearly states that they don't own the data. But just because they don't own it doesn't make it public domain - the ownership belongs to the person who created the listing. To be totally free to repost the data you would need to get explicit permission from each owner. I'm sure Craigslist is counting on nobody bothering to read the fine print. As long as they don't start enforcing the clause on individuals there won't be any outcry outside of tech circles, and nobody's going to notice the difference. If you refuse to sign away your rights on principle you'll just be locking yourself out of the market. The genesis of this was back in 2006 when Microsoft started requiring graphics board/chip makers to keep some aspects of their design secret, to support DRM in Vista. That includes hardware details and code, i.e. open source drivers. See http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz/~pgut001/pubs/vista_cost.html I'm actually quite glad that adequate drivers are available, even if they're not open source. That outcome wasn't guaranteed. Which leaves the question, was the cut in IT a cause or a symptom? It could have been the last in a long line of bad decisions; I can't see this bringing down a company all by itself. If there are people making money off those HFT trades, then somebody else is losing money. It's a persistent tax on the entire market. Just because it's in the background where you can't see it doesn't mean it isn't affecting you. I find too many web pages go the other way and use a light gray for the text. The text looks washed out. Too little contrast is as bad as too much. The new Retina displays for the Macbook should fix that problem nicely. You'll get sharpness and beauty at the same time. Interesting link, thanks. And I notice that the site uses #222 for the text color. I think it has more to do with expected outcomes. It's hard to argue that a + operator on a string or matrix class is a bad idea, because the outcome is intuitively obvious. For the other extreme see boost spirit for C++, which I'm sure was written by excellent coders. I think he misclassified exceptions. A true conservative avoids exceptions and uses error code returns instead. Serif fonts have been under-represented for years, because our displays just aren't good enough to do them justice. When the pendulum swings, it always swings too far - look for serif fonts to become the next big thing. Personally I think this prediction is a little premature because the retina displays aren't widespread yet. I've got my eye on Open Sans for the near future. Half the bandwidth with no quality loss is a pretty bold claim. Bold enough to be unbelievable - it's not like the existing codecs are doing a horrible job. Data rates are easily measurable, so I'd guess that "no quality loss" is an exaggeration. Anybody have any data on this? The site name implies Helvetica, but uses Arial in the examples. Anybody who knows the difference will never come back. One of the points in the article is that Microsoft can't predict the future, and might miss a hundred-million dollar opportunity because they don't recognize it. Today there's nothing to stop someone from exploiting that opportunity regardless of Microsoft's blindness, but that won't be true in the future. So they're lying when they say it can play 1080p videos - the screen is barely larger than 720. The sale of one iPad makes up for a LOT of lost sales in the app store. I'm sure it doesn't bother them yet. Re side loading - I thought Windows 8 RT was locked down as much as an iPad? You can't load anything unless it comes from the Windows store, right? And you can't root the device either. A modern keyboard re-imagining should ditch the caps lock entirely. When's the last time you found it useful? Putting flash into the physical address space isn't likely to be practical due to their block based nature. One of his comments far down the page just struck me: "It's ignorant people like you that hold back the rest of the world. Please just disconnect yourself, move to Pennsylvania, and become Amish. The world does not need another ignorant web developer that makes some fixed-pixel designs. But maybe you'd be a wonder at woodcarving or churning the butter?﻿" I suspect that's because you haven't seen high enough DPI yet. The 200+ DPI that Linus calls for is really the bare minimum. "Starting tomorrow, the Acer Chromebook will be available for $199 in the U.S. on Google Play, BestBuy.com and rolling out this week in select Best Buy stores." The kind of person who has heard of FizzBuzz before is someone who cares about their profession and reads about it. They're unlikely to fail the test in the first place. For it to become common knowledge it would have to be part of a significant percentage of interview screens across the industry. Evidently that hasn't happened, and I wonder if it ever will. You don't actually need the modulus operator, although it makes things simpler. Just use (x/3)*3==x instead. Any chance this is just a smokescreen for other problems at HP? I'm not saying they're lying, but certain things like timing are under their control. I also wonder how much leeway they have for the amount of the writedown. Certainly the numbers need justification but you can always tilt the evidence to support your desired outcome. Be sure to read the follow-up: http://www.marco.org/2012/11/29/the-wrong-movement The argument is that they need no push, they act that way already. It's everybody else who needs to recognize them for what they are.