It seems there are two things going on here. 1. Upset that people are now reacting negatively to this change as opposed to voicing criticism earlier 2. Being upset that criticism exists (2) is the sort of problem I can't help with except to say maybe grow a thicker skin or be a bit more aware of what it was you signed up for, but in regards to (1) - It's important to note that the people heavily invested in your project (enough to follow every new issue on Github and respond to them and have opinions) will be very different from your mainstream users. There is no shortage of people who heavily use a project and yet probably don't follow them in any way. So it's important to note that using that source of feedback likely subjects us to bias. Should I, in making a critical statement, be denied because someone else (or maybe several other someone elses) already have? It seems a bit odd that if I'm a critic that my ability to exercise my freedom there is constrained by whether other people have. They probably get a bonk on the head and checked for a concussion. Better then being hit by a delivery truck I suppose. There's a huge difference in quality between a $200 smartphone and a $6,000 high end DSLR camera. This is concerning. While TLS interception may be desirable by some, this is a dangerous precedent and I hope the de facto standard for all software will be to block and disallow this kind of behavior, and warn when it's been enabled ("This connection is not fully secure"). Agile is a very loaded word. One meaning of Agile is a very specific kind of process, the other meaning and perhaps closer to the original manifesto is what you're describing with the "non-agile" team. Certainly their job isn't to illegally deny him his right to representation or confiscate without returning his headphones? The CC conference is hardly some blackhat meetup. Likewise, Romania is by no means our enemy. So a guy, who has followed the law entirely, coming from a friendly country from a well known meeting, should be denied his basic legal rights and have his equipment confiscated... why exactly? What law did he break? How did TSA (or what you actually mean in this case, the CBP) "save us" from this gentleman? I've been on the opposite side of this. My own experience was that the person suffered from a mix of being a slow typer, and also didn't assemble ideas well before communicating them. For me at least, this was bad enough that I had to write as the person talked and rephrase their words back to them to make sure I had turned it into what they meant. A DM in a chat is precisely the place for those kind of convos (especially the "Well what about X, Y Z.. wait, nevermind, I figured it out" kind of comments which I'm especially guilty of). Just spend some time getting your thoughts distilled down before you start typing. If all websites fall into one of two categories: fast or slow, and you penalize one, it's the same as helping the other and vice versa. I mean, really, that's most of AMP: a restriction on a bunch of elements that may slow things down and a bit of special mark up so things can be further accelerated. If most websites actually did load quickly, then I don't think AMP would have a reason to exist. But if most websites can't manage to slim down their bloat, then one potential answer may be to take away some of their toys (and I'm not saying it's the right answer, just a large part of AMP). Imagine someone unable to read - they lose access to an important source of information. Lacking basic computer literacy is similar - they lose access to news, modern encyclopedias, research, political announcements, etc. Those resources are critical to being an educated citizen and being able to participate in the democratic process meaningfully. An educated driver may not be able to explain in technical detail how an engine works, but they can explain the basic rules of the road and understand that a car needs oil, gas and basic maintenance. They likely have a basic understanding of what a modern combustion engine is (it takes in oil and gas to produce rotational energy) and understand that emission standards exist and that they have to follow them to some extent (they can't dump oil in their backyard). Google Home is starting to get there, especially in the games where the total set of commands and responses is much lower. It definitely has room to grow, but it'll get there given time. VR was terrible in the 90s, now it's breathtaking. Computer science != learning to code There's a danger in mixing technical spec information (a phone number can contain non-numeric characters) and non-technical spec information (women...). Some falsehoods are provably correct/incorrect, statements about people don't fit into that mold. I switched over a large group of friends from using a gazillion hangouts to slack and it's mostly been an improvement. That being said, there's a lot less of us: around 30. I'm definitely disappointed to hear about this. The pricing model sucks for us as well since it means $60 a head to add someone to the friend group if we wanted to pay for slack. If we could pay a fixed price and get a slightly better message history and more integrations, I'd gladly pay it, but per-head is just ridiculous. We also use Discord for online gaming since it's easier to invite people outside the group. It's been absolutely fantastic, but we had issues with some people not having access at work. Yeah, it's "gaming" related. Which to be fair, is why we use it... They clearly indicate otherwise. Slack is certainly meant as a productivity tool, but they make several claims: + For all kinds of "Work" + For teams of all types and sizes + Bringing people together to make them productive Compare that to the messaging for say Hipchat: + "Team chat built for business" + Enterprise features + Loved by your IT team (Edit - Formatting) This reads like a general lament about the world at large declining. That doesn't terribly surprise me. More/larger products, more opportunity to miss bugs or not be agile enough to work on them. Emails seem to be going out. I got one a while ago. I suspect this was an initial response geared towards the general audience and a more specific technical response will be forthcoming. They do rob sites of the ability to load 14 fonts, 2Mb of javascript and a gazillion images before letting me read the two paragraphs I want. Just like they also rob you of forcing me to take a survey first, or hounding me for my email, or otherwise preventing me from doing the single thing I want to do (read your content). Your site should be sticky because you have good content, not because you've tricked me into clicking more links. In general, users do make their choice. Product designers counter by making it more difficult to leave or get content. I'm a firmly bitter user who has stopped frequenting a lot of websites because they don't load well or don't give me what I consider to be an acceptable value prop (I'll happily turn off my adblocker if your ads are well behaved, I won't take a survey to read a one paragraph article). But most users, and especially most non-technical users, aren't willing to take that same stance despite being very frustrated. It seems to vary between "well that's just how the internet is" to "I don't know any other sources". Having google prioritize non-terrible sources is a big boon to those non-technical users in my eyes, cemented firmly when I watch my mom or other older family members try to search the internet. 1. Lots of users care. Watch any senior citizen on a mediocre PC surf the internet for twenty minutes. 2. Google did and still does. Load times were still unacceptable across the board, usually not because they had to be but often times because the people running the websites don't care enough to. Same as for HTTPS. 3. AMP is a more drastic reaction. It appears to be working. That being said, I would like to see AMP become enacted only on sites that do actually take a long while to load. At the same time, AMP is still opt in. This isn't forced altruism, but you can play nicely or be lowered in rankings in response. -- edited for formatting It's funny because I'm the exact opposite. I have to have paper books for my pleasure reading, but most of my technical or higher brow books I keep digital since it's massively cheaper and easier to search/bookmark/leave notes/etc. :( -- clarification Technically all it means, if the error is as advertised, is that the uefi bootscript failed to match. Now, it could be as simple as that UEFI was customized by a vendor. Or it could be something less innocent. Well no, but as the title said, if you'd like to continue being an employee for Uber in the Seattle area, it sounds like you have to at least pretend to listen to outright propaganda. Imagine if before you were allowed to sit down at your desk to work in the morning you had to listen to pro-genocide propaganda. It's obviously not something you want to listen to, it's not related to your work, and it's an abuse of the basic system of business. These kind of tactics are shortsighted and will absolutely hurt uber. It doesn't appear to have it, which is a shame. That would of been a killer feature on a tablet this size for a lot of people. That's a wee bit troubling. There might be an argument for some kind of user experience, but, uh, that's not how it's actually phrased. Obviously client side encryption is an important part of using any kind of cloud storage, so disallowing it pretty much removes any potential use of Amazon drive for me. I have some photos I don't mind being stored unencrypted, but I have plenty I'd rather not allow any and every app to have access to. The install parameter you provide already requires yarn and the rather large ember-cli, in addition to requiring my app to be built on top of glimmer instead of with it. How can this possibly be considered remotely lightweight, especially compared to something like Mithril? I count at least 12 repos on your github that seem to be integral components including a dedicated CLI! Do those free meals meet everyone's requirements? My office gets pizza or tacos for us on a very frequent basis, which while a nice gesture doesn't fit in with my own diet at all (which often means if I'm at the office, I end up eating my carefully prepared meal while being stared at funny while everyone else chows down on junk food). Consider other dietary options like pork free, gluten free, vegan, IF, etc. Also just the plain factor of some employees just won't like a given kind of food (not everyone likes tacos, etc). Quite frankly, I can eat super cheaply and healthy at home, on my own weird food schedule. I don't need my office to feed me (though the gesture is a nice one). Even as a JS developer, I'm not sure JS would be my goto. I actually really like introducing people through pure Ruby (so, not rails) since the syntax is pleasing, it has OO concepts but can also be used functionally, and really cuts down on the "scaryness" of the language. Python isn't a bad choice but virtualenv, v2/v3 issues, etc do make it a bit scarier. Also there are a lot of bad tutorials out there that teach poor habits (not that JS is any better..) ANSI C isn't a bad one either but I think it's more difficult to grasp and is slower to get results which might dissuade some new developers. Extremely useful! I'm currently on DO (and I love them) but I've been eyeing vultr and this definitely pushed me to give them a go. Regular small meals have been frequently recommended for a variety of diet reasons and is in no way tied to diabetes or other health issues, and is often times better then a glut of food in a single meal. In addition, people prone to hypoglycemia can benefit from gentle gnoshing through the day. http://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/features/6_meals_a_day#1 http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-53111/Why-eating-l... That's not a massive ton of protein. It's probably a bit more than the average person is likely to make use of but I'd rather an extra 20g of protein than an extra 20g+ of sugar. Mmm, beer and kebab. I'm the last person to defend Cloudflare. They do a fair bit of crappy things (treat TOR poorly amongst them). But, we do have freedom of speech in the US. And while that doesn't mean everyone has to give you a platform for that speech, it does mean a content provider needs to decide between being a judge or allowing everything. Sure, Neo-Nazis seem like an easy case - nobody likes Nazis. But, what about people calling for a boycott of Israel? Or what about critical political speech? Should Cloudflare (or anyone) be in the business of making judgements about those kinds of content and if they're allowed or not? :( So, if you go to Cloudflare's abuse form ( https://www.cloudflare.com/abuse/form ) they do state: > CloudFlare will notify the site owner and, where appropriate, the web hosting provider for the site in question. That being said, it's in body sized font, in a huge block of text, and if I wasn't looking for it, I wouldn't see it. So, it's "stated" but probably not very clear that abuse reports may be forwarded. As a webmaster/previous ISP, I expect (again, prior knowledge here) that abuse complaints will be forwarded. But, does the average person? Probably not. My $0.02 - Cloudflare states it, but they need to make it much more clear if they intend to keep the policy, or possibly revise the policy. However, bad UI seems a weak reason to vilify them. ---- Edit: Actually, they state it twice - including right before the submit button in larger font size. It's pretty hard to miss. Are you seeing a lot of benefit from daily meditation? Does having it be firmly scheduled help it become a regular habit? Despite the fact that I usually bring my coffee from home, or go to a local shop, the fact that a company offers free coffee/snacks/etc matters from a perspective. If a company is going to nickel and dime you, charge you $0.25 for a coffee or force you to provide your own... they probably are going to be cheap in other places as well. If they aren't willing to give you coffee or seltzer, they are hardly going to give you good hardware or software - which is something that does affect me. That being said, that only goes so far. I don't really care about free lunches, or if a company has some game console. I mostly just don't want to work for a company that is going to nickel and dime me because it means they're cheapskates. I've stopped interviewing with companies that do this. Take home interview "challenges" take up a lot of time and resources. Most of the ones I've gotten have been prototypes/MVP type deals. + You're asking me to spend almost a week of my time, for free + I have similar examples on my Github + I'm not usually allowed to share the solution Sorry, but if you can't look at my significant github profile and figure out if I can code or not, then we probably aren't a good match. I'm not going to work for free because you're bad at interviewing. To put this another way, flip the question. Would you give me your product for free for a week? (Probably not...) That being said, I think paying for the interview is probably acceptable. The fact that they were only getting 1k reqs/sec with Node gives me concern. It clearly shows something went wrong there very early on at a very fundamental level. By no means is Node the end-all be-all for performance by any measure, but you should definitely be getting much much higher throughput than 1k reqs/sec. Simply booting up a single core http server should net you around 4-5k requests per second. Spin up an instance per core and you should be _at least_ in the 10k realm. Pretty much. If Ads were without JS and videos (or, at least autoplaying videos) I really wouldn't care. Hell, if they were relevant ads to the website, I'd probably even click on them and buy things occasionally. But when a modal pops up or I get redirected, or your ad floats over your content and tries to follow my scrolling not only are you not going to sell to me, but I'm going to leave your website. Why should I be cursed with the weight of your type system when I chose a language without types? If I wanted a typed language, I would use a typed language . JS has a lot of benefits. Being able to use JS to make native-ish apps has it's place. Being able to use typed JS to make native-ish apps probably means you should be using a different language. But this isn't web development, this is a native-ish app. One certainly doesn't need to us JS to make a native-ish app. Then why use electron? Electron's entire purpose to let you use JS to build native-ish apps. If you want to use a typed system, then use a typed language that supports apps. As someone who occasionally has slow internet and doesn't want to wait 5+ minutes for CNN or such to load, it's pretty awesome. In terms of "a worse place", well, as a user, I disagree. I wish it wasn't necessary but it clearly is. Unless you just setup your own VPN? Or maybe trust external auditors? Or otherwise spend time actually looking into service providers before giving them your money? AMP is opt in. Full stop. You choose to participate in AMP. You can't choose to not be throttled by an ISP, or to bypass censorship. "I would use a browser with javascript disabled". See, this is the point where AMP provides actual benefit. Many sites don't function at all without JS. AMP gives me a site that actually works without the extra crap. 1. Correct, I mean opt-in from the publishers, who seem to be the exclusive people complaining 2. Yes. As a user who really enjoys amp and really hates that every single text-based news source takes over a minute to load on a 100Mb/s+ connection, I feel not bad at all. Not even the tiniest bit. Publishers entirely brought this upon themselves. Internet speeds are faster than they've ever been, and websites are the slowest they have ever been. This is fundamentally unacceptable. It would be better for users, and by extension, the web, if publishers stopped building horrendously bloated websites. Since they absolutely positively refuse to, AMP seems the appropriate answer - if there's demand to take away their toys, someone is going to feed into it eventually. My willingness to jump through hoops is proportionate to how much I want to work with you. If you pay me well and treat me well, I want to work with you. If you're trying to hire me for 50% of market, my tolerance is much lower. If you think frozen pizza is a replacement for freshly made pizza (regardless of what makes it), then you must not have any taste buds. A fresh pizza has qualities in the dough and especially in the meats that just don't carry over to a frozen pizza. One is a proper dinner, the other is a backup plan. Ask for a sabbatical. Take a month (or better yet, three). It will benefit both you and the company. Discuss options here, and whether or not it's paid (or paid partially). It's a hard ask and a really hard conversation to start, but it sounds like you need the time. Early retirement (significantly early that is) does not tend to do well for folks who take it. The loss of mental faculties once you have a reason to stop using them is astounding. The ones who are most successful tend to "retire" and then switch to low paid or unpaid volunteer work full time. Err, it's not clear that EU law applies to US companies online, nor should it. There are many things illegal in the EU that are quite allowable in the US including a lot of freedom of speech issues. One of the issues anytime we have legislation on the internet is how it applies. If XYZ company is based out of the US, markets itself to the US, but has a generally available website, does EU law apply to it at all? Even if an EU citizen uses it? Alternatively, can every country force their laws on websites based out of the EU? This is a fantastic example of how to not write a blog post. Putting aside the ridiculous self quotes, the author has missed the point and value prop of linting entirely and set up a perfectly silly straw man in it's place. Linting exists for two reasons: 1. To catch silly mistakes (unused variables) 2. To provide a standard style In most code bases, and I imagine this is probably true for Invision, code is read much more frequently then it's written. Someone reading my code shouldn't struggle because I prefer tabs or spaces, or because I happen to appreciate an odd spacing scheme. Code should be relatively consistent, expected and non-magical. Instead this blog post reads like a school kid mad that they have a dress code. There are valid concerns around linting: + linting rules can hurt good practices (what makes sense for one codebase may not make sense for all code bases) + they require regular review (is this pattern still the best one for the team?) + they may be overly designed (and require developers to spend more time fighting whitespace alignment then actually helping readability) Of course, all of the above are fixable problems. There's no sense in throwing linting out with a ruleset. For most developers linting provides a lot of value in the form of immediate feedback, even if the rulesets used can be flawed. I go back and forth on this idea. It sounds very convenient, but then I also think about the crap I keep in my own vehicle that I like having close at hand: a serious first aid kit, some food and water, a cheap picnic style blanket, flash light, multitool. Stuff that I'm probably not going to carry on me but that I want nearby in case there's an accident or someone gets hurt or if I get stuck somewhere for a few hours without warning. I don't know, and in media stories about it, it has required a significant amount of chasing to actually read it. I don't agree with it, and it overly politicizes a social kind of argument - but I think it's important to drag these things into the light and debate them with clear facts and sources, not to let them linger in the darkness. For all it's faults, it did have one good suggestion - that programming may be more attractive to a lot of folks if we make it more collaborative in nature. That's an area where some otherwise really talented engineers suffer, and if we expand the discipline I think it would be a meaningful improvement for all. That's a good idea. What's the locality? > There's no way you can argue that obesity is anything other than a conflict between the environment we evolved for, and the one we live in I'll bite. Obesity occurs because our food is too cheap. Especially in the US, our food is horrendously cheap for a ton of calories. I (by some mistake) bought a $4 taco the other day that was about 1000 calories (and quite good). We went from having people dying from hunger, to having too much food available for extremely low prices. I eat on about $50 a week and live like a damned king - fresh gourmet bread, chicken and steak twice a day, hand folded pasta, imported olive oil, etc. A few hundred years ago and you were doing well to have some soup and a piece of bread on a daily basis. Now I can get a decent bottle of wine for below $8. > By the same token, the only kind of negotiating power the modern worker has in finding a good salary is the power to quit, and so people quit often and early, which leads to them moving frequently away from the friends they've managed to find. I don't think that's it either. I think, just like food has gotten to be too cheap and too readily accessible for our primate brains, we've managed to fake having friends. I can send a facebook friend request and get it accepted by anyone, I can have a drink with coworkers after work, or talk over the water cooler about game of thrones - and none of those are meaningful friends. Again, it's too "cheap" to form faux relationships. There's a (probably entirely unsourced) quote that it takes about 18 months to know a person. How many people do you spend quality, non-work time with, at least one or twice a month, for at least two years? For most people that may not even include their spouse. Any tech stack will work. That being said, I'd optimize for something that has enough power for NLP, but still makes it easy to work with sometimes unreliable chat services. Javascript and Python are both common options, Go and Elixir would be newer more experimental choices. There is nothing about a chatbot like framework that precludes any given technology. It's a cheap way to play with clusters while still using pretty common hardware and operating system choices. In addition the pi is small, the hardware is pretty simple and available, and it has enough flexibility for any basic project. In terms of any performance benefit? No. Containers come with their own set of expectations, needs, requirements and problems. They can be a useful tool but I suspect the cluster of Pis is a much more accurate model for multi-computer modeling. It depends :tm:. There are still a lot of codebases that are callback heavy. For one, callbacks are faster than promises in a lot of node versions by a very large margin. In other code bases, legacy rules still apply. Promises don't work well for some more complicated logical flows (though they're pretty damn perfect for the common ones) and async is still pretty new. Just because it's not a problem you deal with doesn't mean that it doesn't still affect plenty of devs. Genuinely curious, how? Do you have some example code to post? `git push deploy` You can get quite far without any kind of "pipeline system" nor does building imply a pipeline. If you want strong direction, then open world is the wrong end of the spectrum. Give me a large world with lots of complexity and I'll entertain myself for hundreds of hours. Give me a directed plot and I'll probably stop caring in about 4 hours. It seems to me there are two very different views of story telling in games. One camp wants games to be strongly directed minimal choice stories with a very specific narrative and it's entirely ok to curtail player agency to tell that story. Another camp thinks the opposite: player agency always comes first and there is no set narrative but the one that players create for themselves. This comes with the potential that said narrative can be dumb. I don't think either camp is wrong, just different ways to tell a story. I really favor the later, and I really hate when my agency is abridged as a player because some writer wants to tell a story I don't care about. At the same time, I'm sure plenty of folks have the opposite viewpoint. This used to be an issue I struggled with. I found sprinting towards small, but functional deadlines was effective. This way even if I put down a project for a few months and then came back, it was in an ok place to pick back up again and sprint some more on. I also found that being able to complete one small task and then switch gears on the project kept me more entertained. Also working with a good coding partner can be helpful, but that takes it's own time to setup and organize. Skyrim is definitely a gem of a game. I wouldn't however call it "directed" or "central". I've had several playthroughs of it as just a hunter or a spelunker and totally ignored the main story of dragonborn/background war (which is a strength of the game, not a fault). I would consider Fallout 4 to be much more directed. You have to be the survivor, you have to save the patriots, you have to ultimately destroy one of the three powers. Sure you can ignore the plot for a bit, but you can't advance any storyline. You can't play PI or explore vaults unless you've advanced the story. The Netflix scoring system is personalized so it doesn't outright help or harm anyone but you. They moved away from stars because it's too relative of a scale. Is 3 stars worth watching? What about 5? If I liked a movie but it wasn't amazing, do I give a 3 or a 4? Is 3 bad or median? I've always chosen Atom over VSCode because I don't want these features. Autocomplete even on really expensive IDEs runs way to slow, clever auto formatting and it's ilk tend to not work well for me at all, and I dislike the overbearing project management features in most IDEs. I want a text editor that vaguely understands code with some simple file browsing and plug and play extensions. Atom trying to become VSCode isn't beneficial here at all. Text editors and IDEs are different ends of the spectrum. IDEs present a feature rich and often opinionated dev environment while text editors are, well, editors for text like content. Even with a fully unlocked enterprise license on it, autocomplete was lagging far behind me on a high end macbook pro. Maybe I just type too fast or the libraries I use are poorly laid out, but it was not working. I'd love a world where the brains are a wrist watch form factor, and phones/tablets/laptops are just better screens and keyboards (ie dumb interfaces) which connect to said watch. Let me scale up to the form factor I need, but keep my encrypted and personal hardware, data and connection on my person at all times in a waterproof form factor. Not as of 3.0 though I did enjoy 2.x quite a bit. Metal. http://www.metalsmith.io/ For sites which are closer to books, gitbook is an option as well. https://www.gitbook.com/ I wouldn't call it bullying. He isn't attacking the committer personally or due to anything outside the issue. He isn't hounding the committer. Bluntly telling someone they really screwed up and need to stop denying it isn't bullying. Someone being mean isn't bullying. Nope. This is a valid case to call someone out. Not just for Linus, but for anyone. Typescript isn't going to magically fix any issues, it'll just make your types a bit more obvious. Likewise, CoffeeScript, React, or any other tech isn't going to fix your issue. Javascript is powerful and flexible, and sometimes that's a flaw. It sounds like you need an architect who can look into modularization and setting some standards to in which teams are accountable. This isn't a perfect process, it usually takes a few iterations to see progress, and it requires a pitch to your business side of the house (usually along the lines of "Hey, we need more time to do maintenance work, but it'll drastically lower bugs seen by end users"). > Doesn't a person have a right to escape his miserable circumstances for a short time? Yes but not on my dime. I'm entirely happy to pay (directly or via taxes) to feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, get them medical care and clean clothes. But I really don't think buying them cigarettes and light beer is improving their situation in a meaningful way. Right, and if you disabled 50% of the language, you would also have a better codebase, but the trade off is going to be that any development is probably slower. Programming is about trade offs, and typescript offers you a fixed set of tradeoffs - much more project complexity for type checking ahead of time. That can be valuable in some instances - when one codebase has to be shared across a lot of team members that are unable to communicate well. But typically the better fix is to break down and modularize code so that we smaller, more easily managed pieces that can be handled by just a few hands. I prefer using `ed` to write pure ASCII C, obviously writing performance sensitive parts in pure x86 asm. /s This is good, with one major critique: > ECMAScript is an object-oriented programming language, having concept of an object as its core abstraction. This is technically correct but misses that Javascript is not OO in the way that many other languages are, but is instead prototypical in nature. That's an important distinction because creating long prototype chains in JS is a very bad and negative habit, where as the same behavior is absolutely fine in Java. Does your ISP have the ability to censor the internet for you? Do you watch Netflix? If you don't, that's ok, because most consumers do use it or a competing service. Internet Companies absolutely did try to charge Netflix extra, and in some cases throttled them. This was well documented. I don't know if you're a corporate shill or just genuinely lack the ability to comprehend how bad this is. Spectrum, Verizon and their ilk have absolutely shown zero regard for consumers and there is no reason to believe that pattern of behavior is going to change anytime soon. If they can screw over their consumers for a dollar, they will, just like they have continually done so in the past. I have a recommendation, and it's going to sound scary at first so please read all the way through. We should convince the firearms industry that Net Neutrality is in their interest. They benefit heavily from an internet presence, and recent actions on Youtube related to demonitizing firearms content have already affected the community. Firearms related content is absolutely an easy target for ISPs to block and censor. And if there's anything the firearms industry is good at in the US, it's fighting tooth and nail and using their reps to get things done. I realize it's an uncomfortable and unlikely alliance, but it could be a powerful one. Net Neutrality doesn't prevent QoS related management, but it does prevent per site throttling. My ISP doesn't have a right to throttle streaming video content because they want to sell me a $90 cable package. That is perhaps the single greatest amount of bullshit in one paragraph that I have ever read in my entire life. Before the gas chamber was the firing squad. Before that was the noose, the axe, and the guillotine. Humans have a long history of killing each other, and typically over time (with a few exceptions such as the electric chair) the methods have generally gotten more humane (if state sanctioned punishment resulting in death can ever be considered humane) and when those methods failed to be available, no human government has ever held off on using a more barbaric act of killing in it's place. Technology will either evolve without us, or less humane methods will continue to be used. Progress is both a promise and a threat. Right, you need to continue reading. Even if the Gas Chamber had never been designed, those people would of still been marched outside and shot by firing squad. Should we go back to the days of mandated government work programs? What is your actual recommendation here? At some point we have to accept that people should be able to make free choices, and will typically make sub-optimal choices. We can increase the burden on employers but then that means less overall jobs - which then leads to that starvation outcome you mention. So we should stop shopping at Amazon so their workforce is laid off? Or we should force Amazon to raise their prices which affects low income consumers the most? The HTML mode tag should put the browser into compatibility mode. This content should not be lost. This is being added to the browser, outside the realm of security updates, through what is supposed to be a UX improvement program, for commercial purposes. It's written by a commercial company that produces advertisement content. It's not clear this code is audited. Sorry, but I'm uninstalling firefox. They have broken the basic trust I have in them as a user to not push arbitrary code to my machine against my interests. I use some Jenkins and some Travis-CI( https://travis-ci.org/ ) with good luck. Travis seems capable of most things that Jenkins can do, while still being a pleasure to configure and work with. Also delicious in frozen margarita form! Re -Charitable interpretations I use a modified model of this called the 'Forgiving Copycat' model. Basically, I assume there is some chance people accidentally do rude/inconsiderate things. At the same time, someone who consistently does rude or inconsiderate things is probably rude or inconsiderate. To that end, I ignore rude behavior the first time, address it the second time, and return it the third. Even if the system doesn't do this directly, it's easy for a contractor with the data to do as much if the data is highly accurate. I hope that some mitigations are being put in place by limiting data accuracy to relatively wide windows (and the wideness of those windows will need to vary depending on how busy a thing is). Things that set off alarms: + Lots of unmodified forks or tutorials. A few is fine but too many is suspicious. + Tons of empty repos Things I like: + Lots of messing with different projects even unsuccessful work + Side projects, even incomplete ones + A mix of languages/designs/idioms Super awesome things: + OSS contributions + Working well with others + Good branching > No code reviews, security review, integration testing, quality assurance testing, compatibility testing, or validation. If this was a small startup, I can absolutely see those being hurdles. This is Microsoft on a product they've had for 20+ years that is a major part of their platform - those things should be mostly automated and well oiled machines. A mature enterprise level company has no excuses for "QA is hard!" or "We can't validate patches!" for a product they sell. I don't expect them to get this out in ten minutes, but they should be able to manage a patch in 24 - 72 hours for a fairly critical and relatively easily solved security bug.