Duh. What is a user supposed to think? If the cert can't be verified, the page should fail to load - the web site is broken. If company X can't figure out certificates, how is a user supposed to? If the API headers are copyrighted, wouldn't any program that uses them be a derivative work? In that light, every Java program is infringing. Every program on earth would be infringing something wouldn't it? I have to agree here. The default would be to dispose of his body in a traditional way. There could be arguments about burial or cremation or maybe some other tradition I don't know about, but no one thinks of thin-slicing the head as any kind of default in todays (or yesterdays) world. I find the question of how this got approved almost as interesting as the original story. I can only think of 3 ways to decide: 1) prior consent from a parent 2) just ask him even though his brain is not normal 3) politics. Debating the legitimacy of #2 is really just going with option #3. I was going to ask that same question but decided to read all the other comments first. That practice should be illegal IMHO. That is altering content. Creating derivative works? It'd clearly be anti-competetive if the replaced others ads with their own. I've been waiting for that and Built-in TV tuner for years. I don't think the carriers want that because you don't use their expensive data then. I'm on republic now, so I don't use carriers data anyway and TV would be great. Also as a special interest, allowing that FM tuner to go a little higher in frequency could pick up the aviation frequencies - every pilot would want one (that's not a huge market). It also looks like you need a different cartridge to measure each of those 5 things which would be terrible. Who nominated this former lobbyist for the FCC spot? And who voiced/voted their approval? Voters should know. The existence of the LGPL has always seemed liked a solution to what would otherwise be a grey area to me, and I thought FSF thought that too. Not sure they come down clearly on the one side. I know some of the Linux kernel people think that way too. Interesting. And a long history of not becoming wide spread. From TFA "Russell said he and his team had engineered the virus to make it more suitable for cancer therapy." I just assumed the term "suitable" really meant "profitable" but some of the comments indicate it was modified to target the cancer better (how so?). It seems the cost of trials and approvals is too high for a naturally occurring virus, so everyone wants to customize them so they become patentable. But we're talking about people who have been told "this disease is going to kill you." If a treatment causes even 5 percent of them to be cured, how is that not significant? What if 40 percent have tumors shrink? Remember, any reversal of the disease is a good thing. If you're just measuring a statistical increase in life span (say 3 years treated vs 1 year placebo), I'd say you're not really aiming high enough. If you've got something with real promise you'd know it without a control group. The person in this article is exactly such a case. He says "As housing prices rise, affordability gets worse when incomes fail to keep pace and interest rates move higher." which is just not accurate. Home prices vary inversely with interest rates. Increased rates would lower home prices. The problem is that would put people under water just like it did in 2008 when they jacked rates up (this triggered the crisis but was by no means all that was involved). Rates are at an all time low which has re-inflated the bubble to near peak levels. With crazy lending practices stopped, most people can't buy at these prices. Interest rates can not be raised at anything but a snails pace without causing another crash. The fed can't even stop buying treasuries or the increased yeild will blow the federal budget (an election is coming too) and kill the stock market. They're backed into a corner and trying to creep out ever so slowly. So what is the play today? The US is backed into a corner. Interest rates are near zero (Fed fund rate) and they're buying $75Billion in bonds a month to keep interest rates low. That was $85B and was supposed to taper, but as soon as they dropped a little bit mortgage rates rose and home sales dropped again - the housing market is at another peak with the low interest rates with nowhere to go but down. They keep hoping to get some inflation going by pushing on that rope and it's just not happening. All the money is going into stocks. If we do get significant inflation they'll have to raise rates and destroy the housing market (worse than last time). So we're on the brink. It's hard to short stocks when they're rising so fast - one who could time this thing could make Soros' gain look like lunch money. What is the play? I assumed we'd be comparing to the predicted outcome from no treatment, but I suppose if you wait until Hospice time there's not going to be much success with even the best virus compared to doing nothing. Which raises other questions about just how long and at what cost we try to delay the inevitable. So you claim to be a decent programmer, but haven't been working a traditional job in years because why? You claim to be smart but don't know the value of maintaining a basic financial safety net. It won't be hard to bail you out, but this should not be happening in the first place. Let it be a lesson to others. Or is this just a fake? I strapped a display to my face with full 6 DOF head tracking and played Dactly Nightmare in a bar circa 1994. My Fiance shot me. My head bounced down the stairs. Big screens up above allowed all the people gathered round to watch from either of our perspectives. Fuck off Apple you didn't invent any of this. Notice what how the list of claims starts: 1. (canceled) For the wordsmiths out there, you can visit Websters actual house at Greenfield Village in Dearborn Michigan, along with a number of other historic buildings. Note: I didn't say "home" because that's not where the house - nor any of these buildings - originally was. However, they are well preserved and all in one place. Mr Ford's idea of a history museum was rather unique. Usually the claims build upon previous claims. You start out with the general and move on to the specific, often citing previous claims with language like: 4) An unumthingamajig as in claim 1 with added... to... Deleting one of the early claims is likely to remove the foundation from some of the later ones. But sure, we mustn't judge based on what's no longer there. The noob never saw a person get married and change both their last name and email address. There is no such thing as a "natural key" that can never change, that's why auto-incrementing integers are used. Also, users should not rely on the keys being monotonic. That's a very nice detailed line-by-line confirmation that they were doing their job to the letter of the law. But you make no comment on the notion that the UK may have modified these devices to spy on the Guardian and needed to destroy the evidence. Of course that isn't your job, and because it would probably be illegal (IDK UK law about that) you couldn't prove it either way. Just sayin' wxPython is a big one for me. But it looks more like it's dying altogether rather than not getting ported to 3. "I personally think backwards compatibility and gradual change - evolution, not revolution - is the way to go." I'm gonna guess that you're not new to C++. I say new because people who have been following it and picking up all the changes along the way often can't see the forest for the trees. That forest is ugly. It's not you, that's how I read it. All I get from following the links in the comments is a blue button to turn ON some google feature. Have I avoided opting IN to something nasty thus far? I've heard of it, but there has never been an official release. I was looking forward to it for a couple years but I've given up. Shouldn't they take them to court first? At what point does "give me money or else..." become extortion? Does it matter if they phrase it "I'm going to... but you can prevent that by paying me now." Can they answer the question "Which architecture is most efficient?" Let us not forget the downsides of the artificial sweeteners, and the phosphoric acid in a lot of these drinks. Even worse, the link goes to some dude who copied the blog so he could get page views instead of the author. HN posts it with a link to his page, not hers. He doesn't even talk about it, just "hey this is cool I'm gonna repost it so I get hits." If the cabin is pressurized why would they need suits? Did SpaceX ever say anything about this? Imagine the operational cost savings of not needing them for anything but space walks outside the station. I think Elon looked extra uncomfortable inside the thing with the control panel in front of him. He seemed eager and relieved to get out. I got the impression he doesn't like confined spaces. It's amazing how little propellant is needed for landing vs getting to orbit. It's probably better to have a larger screen further away, particularly for older people who can't focus close up any more. That occurs some time in your 40's for you youngsters who may think "older" means quit a few more years than that. Actually, it doesn't belong anywhere. In the book "Women's Infidelity" the author makes a compelling argument that a lot of relationship issues today stem from the double standard society uses to shame womens sexuality. Promiscuous men are revered, while women are shamed. There's a LOT more to it and it's really interesting reading. Society is a changin' and this language needs to go, not just on tech sites. Cap and trade is stupid. It's a form of "carbon credits" designed to create a market for the likes of wall street while allowing for politics to also play a role. The simplest thing to do is TAX the carbon coming out of the ground (oil or coal) or coming into the country. This cost will automatically be passed on to whomever uses that fuel in direct proportion to how much the use. However, we continue to subsidize some carbon producers, so you can clearly see that reducing emissions is NOT the primary agenda here. Don't encourage this way of thinking too much. The gnome folks seem to think "hot corners" are awesome because they are easy to hit with a mouse. The problems is that they are also making something that looks like a touch interface, where the corners are awkward if at all possible to hit. Not to mention they lack visual ques. That said, the w95 start button probably should have extended to the corner. Two things. 1) Change password screens want you to enter the new password twice so that a typo doesn't end up in your password and prevent your own access in the future. If you copy/paste you will be copying any typo and circumventing this mild protection. 2) The whole time I kept thinking this forces people to type their password which makes it an easy target for key loggers - which are AFAICT designed to snif user credentials. Why would you want to extinguish it? Why yes, yes it does. But it's complex. The rule for embedded C is to never call malloc() or free(). You manage everything because heap fragmentation could lead malloc() to fail and then your system crashes. So given that, reference counting would seem to use more space for the same set of variables which would be bad. OTOH, the pause that may occur while collection happens can be fatal to such a system. The trade here is memory use vs non-deterministic run time. I'll take the memory use any day in such a system. Eventually you will not be able to _purchase_ a movie or a book. There will be commercial and non-commercial and then they'll start trying to outlaw non-commercial because it hurts the economy. Read "The Right to Read" by RMS. So never mind back porting. Can the implementation be extended to 100 percent compatibility without losing the benefits? In other words, could it replace cpython? But Google likes to read your email so they can target ads. Even they don't want you to encrypt on the client. My daughter has been identifying sarcasm since she was 5 or 6 years old. At 8 she's really good at it. While non-trivial for machines, this problem is not really as advanced for people as it may seem. Where did he make this statement? I doubt it had anything to do with ego as the blog suggests. Once things get to production there can be a managerial aversion to any change due to the amount of tracking/process involved. Someone probably got an ego boost from getting the fix into production in spite of the process by circumventing it. The big issue is not so much that they violated the part release process - which is bad, but that the severity of the issue did not get elevated to the point that it would cause a recall. This in spite of having some very fine safety analysis people. "The O(n) extra-space required by mergesort isn't always available." Heapsort The larger question: All platforms seem to eventually converge on icons to some extent. What I see here is that the concept of sharing is new, and I don't think that's limited to computer uses. We live in a very competitive world where we consume, buy, compete. Sure we share things, but we discriminate in the physical world. I think the notion of sharing non discriminately with ALL our connections is fundamentally new and this is contributing to the lack of a standard symbol. The number one ant-pattern is DON"T CREATE YOUR OWN LICENSE. To me there is GPL, BSD, MIT - and I'd have to read to discern the later two. MPL and Apache are there if you want a variation on the main ones. Everyone else creating a new license has some kind of agenda. This was apparent to a lot of us when SUN put out their license AND required assignment. Let me say that again. If you're not using one of the top 5 licenses you've got an agenda and may as well go home. Some speculation: This is necessary to close a deal on the huge battery plant. Not sure why I didn't think of this immediately given the timing. Reason? The partner(s) want to sell all the capacity even if Tesla can't buy it all, and they want everyone to know there won't be any issue buying Tesla batteries. Linked-In used to put up a message wanting to "verify" my email address and ask for a password. I made it a point to never ever give them my email password because I thought they'd help themselves. Anyone know if they do? I also gave my linked-in account it's own password in case they might try do something crappy like trying to get at my email assuming its the same password. It's not just them, half the apps on Google Play want access to my contacts, texts, and/or location - stuff the app itself has no use for. Has anyone made a processor that speculatively executes both branch options? I guess good simulations would show weather that or branch prediction is better. In my area they don't even advertise download speed any more. It's "the fastest in-home WiFi" because it doesn't matter how fast data get to your home, it's how fast it gets from one room to another.... OP here. I'm kinda glad it didn't make the front page too, but some stuff from the other side has made it there so I figured what the heck. I find the comments here on HN interesting - attack on him for length of presentation, failure to address ocean acidity, not being a climate scientist (not in the club, so screw him) and such are mostly what you get anywhere else. The guy presents data, but nobody talks about the data - as usual. I would say the HN comments are better than the internet at at large, but not as much better as I had hoped. I thought this was more of a data analyst looking at data. He does have harsh words of the other side, but if you've ever heard him speak he does the same with his peers in aerospace. http://www.choosemyplate.gov/downloads/mini_poster_English_f... It's still the square meal from the 1970's with some small adjustments. Eat a small plate that looks like that. The meat portion should be 4 ounces or so. I always liked the 68000 and wished IBM had chosen it instead. It was a real 32bit chip and I still have an instruction set book for it dated 1979. And we shall continue to get repeats until someone actually forces the lower courts to get their shit together or go home. It sounds like 7nm and 5nm are entirely feasible, but nobody is prepared to spend $10Billion on the fab until they're sure they've got (close to) the best solution. Also, I feel like the whole industry is getting a bit lazy. The big foundries are all around 28nm and getting 100 percent utilization of their capacity. So long as their customers competitors have no better foundry to go to, there is little incentive to press forward. There is the possibility to fall behind, but waiting just means increasing certainty in the path forward. Meanwhile Intel... I was with him until: "The idea behind patents is to create a financial incentive to promote innovation: patents ensure that the inventor of a new idea can get compensated for it, rather than seeing her idea immediately ripped off by copycats." The purpose of patents had nothing to do with compensation. It was already presumed that an inventor could sell an invention. The real purpose was to promote disclosure of how to make things. In other words to reveal what would otherwise be kept a trade secret. This fits well with the notion of "non-obvious to a person practiced in the art", which would preclude Amazons one-click. The idea was: Tell us how it's made in exchange for a monopoly for some number of years. Spreading knowledge is how you promote innovation. Aircraft? It's funny they're worried about CO2 from aircraft when the water vapor the emit has a much larger and immediate effect. "Do you see audio mixing/mastering or video editing software being bundled with media players? Or do you see word processors/TeX IDEs bundled with PDF viewers? " No, and that's a problem. Do you see programming languages shipped with every computer? No, but that's how it used to be. Most shipped with BASIC while Unix shipped with C. I guess Macs come with Python, but just CLI no IDE - not even idle. Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? How do we reconcile this "Officers may examine the phone’s physical aspects to ensure that it will not be used as a weap on, but the data on the phone can endanger no one." along with the notion that encryption algorithms are considered munitions worthy of export restrictions? Let us first say that if you sold it to someone else there would likely be sales tax involved (in most places) so the idea of giving someone stuff tax-free is unusual. The point of inheritance taxes is not to prevent you passing it on, it is to prevent the building of family empires which tend to screw people (in addition to being another revenue source). But why? The ONLY purpose of government is actually to preserve order by preventing people from being assholes to each other. Turns out people tend to do that if nobody keeps them in check. Now the rich kinda think the purpose is to keep people from doing anything to THEM, but even that still concedes my stated purpose for government. Large accumulations of wealth can be both good or bad, but from where I sit it looks like the super-rich aren't even sure what to do with all their money, so why not? Estate-tax is just another knob to turn in the preservation of society. The only real question is how far to turn it. I'm open to debate from all sides on that issue. I don't think the compiler is supposed to treat an entire function behavior as undefined just because a pointer was dereferenced without checking for NULL. The array indexing example may be valid, but the second one is probably not. It is possible to have a pointer to zero, and failing to check for that condition should not cause the compiler to assume the pointer is non-zero in subsequent lines of code. These guys are partially idiots. Obviously there is more demand than road if use is directly proportional to supply as they claim. The problem is the way we design cities and lay out the roads. A regular grid where we put STOP lights? seriously? Go, stop, go, stop. And then we put businesses right on the corners to increase congestion right where it's already bad. When cars get tested for EPA MPG ratings, the average speed on the city drive cycle is slightly under 20mph due to all the stop and go. Hybrid cars get better city mpg than highway by using regenerative braking to recover energy from all that stopping and making drag the dominant factor. I don't think traffic circles are relevant, but designing the layout to minimize disruptions to flow altogether. I've been contemplating this a lot, but can't write it all here right now. Imagine if every drive were 10-20 percent longer distance, but you could average twice the speed over the journey! You'd save gas and time. And if your journey takes less time, that's fewer car-minutes on the road which means less traffic and they could have fewer lanes. The problem is even if we could do the design correctly, nobody is going to build a city from scratch - except in China maybe. >> I'm not clear on how any of this will lead to a recession. Here are some reasons: 1) if government spending is half of GDP that means any increase in non-government economic activity will only have half the effect it otherwise could (with zero govt contribution) this works both ways though, but more importantly it means government spending is critical to the economy. 2) Debt is high, so there is a LOT of pressure to reduce govt spending, which would directly (negatively) affect GDP in the short term - see 1, gov spending is 0.5 of GDP. 3) Any rise in interest rates will result in 2 (the alternative is to just increase the debt). To spend more in interest, you have to spend less elsewhere. 4) If we get inflation (and they're trying really hard) they'll want to keep it low by raising interest rates, resulting in 2 (see 3). No, I advocate efficiency as a goal weather it be cars, public transit, or something else. Personally I'd like easy access to both. But public transit is only viable with high density and I don't like the way we do dense either. This is the only response to my question that seems solid. >>The really important thing here is to understand that Pilot Wave isn't a real wave/object. It is just a description of possible positions of the particle at specific times. Is it possible that pilot waves are ripples in space-time? We should not make strong assertions especially when a theory is young. You make it sound like nothing more than the a regular QM wave function. Aren't pixels obsolete? I mean in the sense that you have to use scalable graphics these days. Because it's there. The only reason people use all these web tools is because they are there, documented and ready. The classic example is the Apache web server - it was there and worked. It was written when the web was small and the number of users to a site was low. Competing web servers are here now with performance way higher, so people are switching. Nobody wanted to write a better web server so nobody did for a long time - and better in that case was easily measured. Programming paradigms? How do you evaluate them? I agree there are fads (FP anyone?) but what objective criteria do we have to evaluate them, or design something from scratch to meet those criteria? What are the ancient libraries used by computational chemists? I hope to get some insight to the field based on the answer to this question ;-) >> the ideas we want to convey from a first language are things like abstraction, recursion, proof by induction, equational reasoning, sequential/parallel time-complexity. Really? I thought good old imperative programming was the best starting point. Concepts like assignment, branching, looping. IMHO goto is actually useful at that point and structured programming is an abstraction that takes a little while to wrap your head around. Perhaps it's due to the way I learned that I think some things are more basic (no pun intended). Either way I don't think high level abstract concepts like functional programming are even relevant in the real world of software development - abstract stuff is CS, basic stuff is for everyone else who has to take a programming course. Agreed. Given that it is a puzzle and not a request for proof. Once you realize that the hole and sphere diameter are related and the situation has one degree of freedom not specified, it is perfectly valid to conclude that the answer must be independent of that and choose a case you can work out in your head. that's assignment AND reassignment. Mutable state is fundamental to how computers work no matter how hard the fans of the current fad of functional programming try to deny it. I would say the fact that is doesn't break existing code is more like the minimum requirement ;-) Even better would be to work in every case the existing system does. But yeah, simplicity is very desirable. I feel that way about code too. I love getting rid of stuff that's overly complex or unnecessary without compromising useful functionality. Take iodine, it will help sugar regulation. What separates the rice from the hulls? I get that the rollers crack it open, but then how do they end up in physically different places? The video doesn't show that. Battery swapping is dumb. It's like propane tank exchange, except the price is reversed. With propane the tank is relatively cheap and you don't care so much if you get somebody elses used one. With battery costing in the neighborhood of $10K it's a bit different. OTOH if they were to automatically recycle the ones with diminished capacity it may be somewhat more acceptable. But doesn't it still seem a bit odd? But wouldn't it be nice if they could use their data to get rid of some corruption in politics? I know, I know, how does the government as a whole police itself? Very tough problem. But at some level I don't really care that they collect data, it's what they do with it that's important. So who decides? What is the master agenda? How do they self police? etc... One can only guess at the answers to these questions. It may be nice to allow anyone in the NSA to spy on anyone else in the NSA to prevent abuse, but that would be a huge problem if a spy managed to get a job there. I just imagine this being a rather complex problem. But workflow systems can't do shit with scanned documents other than route them via human instructions. .jpg.exe extensions are less of a problem when the operating system doesn't hide them. >> When I read "integer multiplication", I think of "123 * 456". Is that what is actually being said here? If so, why would you do anything but "123 * 456" to arrive at the actual answer? The paper is talking about methods to multiply integers of significant length. Think 2048bit RSA keys, or multi-million-bit numbers used in GIMPS. Of course you just use a single machine instruction for small numbers. But the hardware designers actually care about such algorithms too because it affects the number of gates and propagation delay. That said, this paper will likely only be relevant to large integer software implementations. I like the idea of the windows task bar on the left side, but instead of showing thumbnails if it showed document titles we could just use that instead of side-tabs. Start a new browser window instead of a tab and let the desktop environment handle that. Of course there's persistence issues, but those could be resolved. I guess I don't like duplicating functionality between application and the desktop, and all the apps getting tabs is just that. Perhaps the desktop implementation needs to be better rather than having apps do it themselves? >> because SJIS has some duplicate mappings for historical reasons I think that's the problem. Sounds like unicode has some duplicate mapping. Never mind the "historical reasons", it's broken. I've always been suspect of cable and wireless internet connections. Anything that shares bandwidth with all subscribers is going to get maxed out if a large number of customers start streaming video. Is it possible that Verison (and Comcast and etc...) know that opening up the gate to the outside world will crush their network under the increased load? I like the milk-our-monopoly-on-the-last-mile theory as much as the next guy, but is it even possible for the technology used to deliver the necessary bandwidth if they open up the pipe? My point is was that spectrum doesn't scale. There's X gigabits per second available over the air, and a similar X over a cable. For cable companies they can push equipment closer to the home and have fewer subscribers on the same line. I suppose Verizon could do the same with more towers, but imagine doubling the number of towers to support double the bandwidth (or something like that). As people have pointed out though, the congestion is specific to connections that carry netflix. IMHO weather icons really need color. This will be even more necessary when you want to have more subtle variations in conditions. Color - or shades of gray - could even be an indicator to the cloud type. A dark cloud with yellowish lightning is going to convey thunderstorms much faster and with less visual processing than anything you can possibly do in a mono-color icon. This all leads to the question: Why use a single color? I believe the correct solution is to have coherent light emitted from very small pixels, with the ability to modulate either the phase or amplitude of each pixel. This will give the appearance of a regular film hologram. Color is of course another challenge, but this approach seems more practical than tiny lenses producing a finite number of directions. OTOH the old CRT shadow mask was a marvel in its day and was quite practical. Ultimately we DO want glasses. A single holograpic display per eye would be fine and would allow looking around by moving your eyeballs instead of your head in a VR context. This could be a couple of square inches (or less) of hologram per eye. >> Too much progress too fast with a bit too much disregard to astronauts' lives. We live in a much different world today. Back then if someone died (and some did) they were heros, lessons were learned, and we moved on. Today everyone is so afraid, even the military has a low risk tolerance. But remember how WWII was won, on D-day they basically thew bodies at the enemy to achieve a foothold. People did what it took to achieve goals, even at great cost in dollars or lives. It's just not like that today so it seems rather unbelievable. >> NASA is currently "live" streaming the mission: Like an old man telling a story about the good old days. Because, you know, it was the greatest thing NASA ever did and it was 45 years ago. So someone made the wrong choice - font vs image. IMHO it is total fail to have int be dependent on the machine architecture. C99 fixed this behavior with types for specific sizes so people could finally write portable code. Julia should adopt 64bit integers by default given its intended audience and the reality that even some phones have 64bit processors. int64_t works on 32bit processors too, but with a performance penalty. Having the range of a variable depend on the machine architecture really went out of style a long time ago. > Now mobiles and high electricity costs are making developers reach the same conclusions again. But rather than fall back on existing compiled languages, they are now trying to build something that has it all. I haven't been able to use SO since they shut off myopenid last year. I can't log in, so can't change my credentials ;-( Any ideas HN? Thanks, that was easy. So now I just have a password instead of linking to another account @facebook or google+ I guess that works ;-) Thanks, I followed the recovery link provided by another SE person. I don't see the problem. At that link, the browser column is higher contrast. Switching to the Stix fonts gives characters that look more like the TeX column, but seems to be missing a few things. I did not try all the font options. Already done. When I worked in EVs we used a HybridPack2 power module from Infineon. It's about the size of a sandwich but longer, and skinnier. You add a driver board, a logic board, a capacitor, connectors, cold plate. It's about the size of a shoe box and can deliver 100kW continuously. I pushed one under ideal conditions to 200kW. Of course, liquid cooling means a total system that is quite a bit larger than I describe. In order to get rid of liquid cooling at that power level you'd have to get the losses down by a huge margin. We were dissipating 2-3kW at high power, so for air cooling you'd need to get that down by a factor of at least 10. The only way to drive the heat down like that is at the semiconductor device level. This is a challenge that everyone in the field is already aware of and working on, while people outside the field have no ability to do meaningful research. At the small scale, an Arduino with the mega-moto shield can push some hundreds of watts in a few cubic inches. So what exactly is the challenge? Typically you want AC on the input or output and DC on the other. You can use that shield to produce AC by driving the outputs with PWM (it is intended for that). If there was a 3rd channel on the mega-moto, you could drive a 3-phase AC motor with it. If you put a transformer on it, you can connect it to the line and do DC->AC or AC->DC. Normally we want the DC voltage to be higher than the AC, so it's not the ideal shield for line connection - hence the transformer instead of simple inductors. And yes, the inductors add to the size, but if you are driving an inductive load like a motor, they are normally not needed.