I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is. Not exactly sure how this article defends its headline at all. Considering that the author points to Motorola and Facebook Home as wins, his grasp of the tech scene seems rather weak. I think I'm confused on what the term freemium means. I always thought it meant a product with both a free and paid tiers. This doesn't seem to match with "For example, Freemium works really well when your user IS the product." Such services, like the Facebook example he cites, are free, not freemium. Right? It's called an IPO, and the structures are in place for a reason. Can you actually imagine the difficulty of keeping 170 million "investors" updated on the status of the company? You'd have to share so many reports, make sure everything is done fairly, release regular earnings. Oh, wait, that's exactly what the SEC requires for doing IPOs... Seriously though, it'd be a scary world where everyone is an investor. Most people just aren't qualified to understand risk and make smart decisions for the future of the company. Startups would end up with no revenue and people's investments would be worthless. Seriously, this has to be a joke. A very elaborate one, which half of HN is apparently playing along with... I mean, in Soylent Green it's all about "freeing your body" as well. Do we know that they send your password in plain text? Not technically. You can do client-side encryption so that only the hash is sent, via Javascript. I think interviews can often be a dicey proposition since ultimately an interview should be explicitly focused on the person. So if you just want general advice from them, an interview works well. But if you want to find out what the think about Thing X that you're making, an interview isn't really appropriate. Good piece. But why no attribution on the blatant paraphrase of another Madison quote? "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Given that the police have decided to, essentially, wage war on the people why don't we try fighting back? The majority might not care, but "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world." (Margaret Mead) Dump money into personal lawsuits against officers committing negligent attacks such that they are financially ruined. Attend town meetings and demand sever cutbacks in the budgets of police departments acting this way. Put lobbying dollars to work and get change from the top down. Wonder how this relates to Random Hacks of Kindness? http://www.rhok.org/ I was hoping to find out whether I'm actually as lazy as I thought... :( I don't think this really speaks to any growth in that market sector. Rather, Google is just taking over the low-end sector with software which matches the abysmal hardware. Basically we're looking at the bifurcation of the market. People who can afford it have Apple devices and everyone else will end up with Google products subsidized by advertising dollars. Yet another miscarriage of justice. The entire line of logic seems to have been that because Apple's actions led to increased prices it must be a conspiracy. Amazon was, and is, the monopolist using classic monopolist tactics (lock-in, undercutting prices, etc.) to retain a monopoly. Of course once their monopoly was ensured they'd pivot to make a true profit if pesky Apple hadn't interfered: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/05/business/as-competition-wa... I can't help but feel that this was driven by politics/optics (to your average person, of course lower prices is better). List of fellows here: http://hackny.org/a/2013/06/hackny-announces-the-class-of-20... *was a fellow wget likely came pre-installed... I really don't see how this is an issue. Your friends have access to your contact information. When the delegate that access to Facebook, of course Facebook would log in. In fact, I've implemented systems similar to this in any number of apps—it helps to improve the onboarding experience of future users, and honestly isn't giving up any information which wasn't voluntarily shared. This looks awesome. What kind of traction have you seen? Anything getting sold for decent amounts? Reminds me how lucky I (we?) are to be free of the monotonous prison of every day life which most Americans are stuck in. So we can effectively say goodbye to a strong engineering culture at Google. With layers and layers of PMs, the best and brightest have no desire to entire their system. So Google's left with the academically talented individuals who don't have much initiative or drive outside of extremely narrow scopes. (So, innovation was killed by the bottom line.) In general, most developers have a lot of freedom in employment and can probably escape it given a little planning. This really doesn't seem accurate. I'm a professional developer who codes, and learned to code, using just a 13-inch laptop. Clearly large screens and fancy keyboards aren't always necessary. If anything, they impair actually learning. Inspired by codecademy? I totally thought the headline was referring to Campbell discontinuing their disgusting beverage. Sadly this news is much sadder. Right, but those are definitely the easier things to learn. It should certainly be simpler to memorize a couple keyboard shortcuts than to learn how to program... so just start with that simple task and the "hardware issue" is overcome. Feeling good that I spent the weekend learning Angular and Puppet. This is just insane, and sadly mirrors the experience of everyone I know interning in finance. But do they also treat their tech/engineering employees like this? I can't imagine an engineer working 80 hours on Wall St. when they could make quite good money Facebook, etc. as well. This author completely misses the value in the liberal arts, which I'm saying as a computer science major. Definitely my best decision was to study CS as part of a liberal arts curriculum (where 1/2 of my courses have nothing to do with CS). This is really how it should be done. Sadly, the liberal arts are dying out (or, in the case of the UK, don't exist at the university level). In such a system, I'd actually encourage people to study the arts, not engineering. It's easy enough to simultaneously learn to code and put bread on the table from that. (Most useful technical skills are learned outside the classroom.) Until the non-classroom resources for learning the liberal arts rival those for learning CS, in an either-or situation (like the author's) one should definitely study the arts. Really? Are we still talking about how OS X doesn't give you "full control over the system?" Given the popularity of Macs in the developer community, it's pretty clear that you have as much control as you desire—Unix has incredible power. And if you still somehow feel that OS X is actually constricting you (rather than just hiding advanced settings in the command line), you'd never be able to run Linux on a Mac. No, never... https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/MacBook As for the price component, if you're making your living off a computer I surely how you can afford a decent one. > Hence the reason for your need to put quotes around "full control over the system." Or maybe I put quotes around it because I don't agree with that assertion and it's a quote from the article... > And problems I've solved in the past on Linux are still problems to this day on OS X. Can you give me an example? I'm genuinely curious... > This ignores people starting out, or in different locations. Yet the author certainly could get a MBA, as he specifically references having one. That's not a counter to my point. Even if they're running Linux, it's more and more on a Mac. (And yes, I do see plenty of those.) And let's be honest here: more and more developers are web/app developers. ODBC doesn't seems like cheating to me. I can understand why you'd use Windows if you're using a Microsoft stack. At that point, there's no saving you. Definitely falling victim to this. And I think making a little money makes it even harder... when the fight/flight kicks in I flee to another country, thinking I'll somehow be happy there, but end up even more lonely. Disregarding the marketing bits, a good story. But there are a lot of actually good reasons to stay in an easy (ie. stupid) job if it's a temporary situation with an exit in sight. Specifically, when bootstrapping/moonlighting a startup you have no energy left for an overly intense day job. So stick with the crappy job until it's time to take your passion full time. So I'd suggest a modification to the old maxim: If you're the smartest person in the room, either leave the room or start to build a new one. Unfortunate story, but also very different than my experience with US border control. As someone who travels outside the US many times a year, including to somewhat odd places (last year has included Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Malaysia, Ukraine), I've never had a single problem or spent more than a minute talking to anyone from customs or immigration. Of course, the TSA is another story. Sadly a majority of the American public is completely okay with being spied on. [1] Given that is the customer base for these tech companies, I don't see them fighting very valiantly, if at all. Especially when the government can put on pressure via political prosecutions. [2] 1: http://www.people-press.org/2013/06/10/majority-views-nsa-ph... 2: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nacchio The experiment really doesn't match up with what they're saying. It's certainly well studied that making difficult decisions taxes you mentally, and it's not surprising that spending $1,500 is a more difficult decision for someone with a lower net worth. Where it falls apart is with the assumption that only the poor have to make difficult decisions. If anything, wealthier people spend a lot more time making decisions at work and receive commiserate cognitive load. Not sure working at McDonalds requires you to make any decisions at all. Even if we're going to pretend that financial decisions are the only decisions in life, I still think the poor might expend less cognitive energy. Frequently they are poor because they specifically avoid making financial decisions. (Hence that's not a cognitive load.) On the flip side, people with more significant assets have to make more significant/difficult allocation decisions, etc. The problem with the methodology is that it's based on density, which is far from all that matters. The fact that a startup industry exists within a larger industry doesn't really detract from the vibrant startup community. If anything, it enhances it. It's pretty telling that New York isn't even mentioned in that report despite there being areas in the city where every other office is a startup. I've often felt similarly, having worked on a number of remote projects. But at the end of the day our efficiency/productivity in making major decisions is much higher when we gather. Technologically, this is driven by 2 things: 1) Whiteboarding software just isn't there. I can't as effortlessly sketch something out and share it with remote people as I can on a physical white board (which is arguably as relevant to "software companies" as actually writing code). 2) Audio/visual latency still exists. Even if I closed my eyes, I could still tell who's in the room and who's not. Sometimes I'll come in just for a meeting because of this. I do think a happy medium exists in much smaller offices/coworking spaces where most people are WFH a lot but come in once a week for meetings. I'd like to be outraged, but it does seem like he deserves to serve time. He's not being prosecuted for providing information generally on how to cheat a polygraph. He committed a crime when he willingly and knowingly aided actual criminals. (Ex. a federal agent with drug cartel ties.) That's absolutely a crime. Just like it's legal to sell thallium, but it's certainly not legal to sell it to someone who tells me they intend to kill with it. And it seems he didn't maintain plausible deniability. (Bring on the downvotes.) > Falsifying polygraph test results isn't a crime, since the test results are inadmissible in court cases. True. But it is an obstruction of justice, and it seems pretty clear that some people were soliciting his services to cover up non-polygraph crimes. For example, providing false identification to members of the Zetas drug cartel is definitely a crime (and, considering their penchant for bloodshed, a pretty despicable one). It's also whether the "convicted sex offenders" used his training to avoid capture for additional crimes (which would make him something of an accomplice). Just not clear how we could defend a man who knowingly trained people doing some pretty nefarious things. > "Deserves"? Do you assign this moral priority only to the current snapshot of American law, or do you apply it to American law in general, or do you apply it to the laws of whatever country a person resides in? I actually think this moral judgement is irrespective of the legal environment. He knowingly, though not directly, aided a ruthless criminal organization. To me, that's immoral regardless of what country you reside in. Seriously, the bar for attention is incredibly low these days. What a terrible idea. Software is a rapidly evolving field which simply can't be captured by a single examination or a set amount of experience. Indeed, apparently "four to six of experience" would be required. So suddenly no 20-somethings can work in software which might impact "public health or safety, security, property, or the economy." Say goodbye to half the tech teams at health and fintech startups... So, the ultimate nail in the coffin for open, fragmented services. If you want to build a good OS, you ultimately have to take almost complete control. (Google is basically following Apple's route.) The reason I think the Google system is worse is that theoretically any application can achieve this level of control. So while I might trust Google, it seems all too easy to trick users into installing a different process which can take complete control of their phone. With iOS, only Apple is capable of this level of control, thus decreasing the attack vectors. EDIT: Admittedly it's highly unlikely that Google would ever let such an application into the Play Store, thus limiting its distribution potential. Definitely a very cool concept, but the code could be improved a bit. I'd ideally like to see something like this primarily to be run via Javascript. Then once you guess it'd just download a new audio clip + the correct answer... way less lag. A couple years ago, I was exactly like you. (I'm from the Champlain Valley myself.) But in the 3 years since, I learned that people are infinitely more important than my technical abilities will ever be. My hubris brought me down. Things like this just aren't going to win you friends. If you want people to invest in you, not your ideas, (a statement which is itself filled with hubris), you have to grow up and realize the world around is a lot more than code. she Should be awesome. Based on the expo, the quality is going to be astounding. This is an interesting article which picks up on an emerging trend. However, it conflates the theoretical concept of a "card" with physical designs. The example of Facebook is apt, as their system is all about discrete, short bits of content (ie. "cards") being shuffled into different views. Despite this Facebook has I think wisely avoided the skeuomorphism of actual card designs. The concept of cards definitely has legs. The more integrated and easily consumable we can make the web, the better. But the designs don't necessarily matter to that concept. This seems to be a vast overreaction. The only actual "harassment" is about making a sandwich, which is pretty low on the scale of insults. In fact, the teacher was probably right to not intervene. For two reasons: 1) Regardless of your gender, being the person who caused adult intervention isn't likely to win you respect in high school. If he had intervened, she would likely have been further ostracized. 2) Growing up is about learning to interact with people. A big part of this is categorizing what matters and what does. If I made a fuss every time someone made a slightly off-color joke about my religion (I'm Jewish) I'd have both no friends and no job. Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software. He's said as much, that he thinks software engineers should work as waiters rather than work on anything which isn't entirely free. So, naturally he's against Apple which happens to make a lot of money from building software. Honestly, I'm amazed that email was enough to get the gig. As an engineer who's admittedly not very social, I would have no trouble writing that email. Are standards for non-technical people really this low when someone applying for an engineering position has to go through grueling interviews, code reviews, and resume checks? (I'm sure that he was a great hire, I'm just amazed that this was sufficient to even get an interview.) > A case could be made that Apple and FSF are on the same page there. Not really. Apple is very big into free software, but only free as in beer. As you note, they build that software (and give it away effectively for free) in order to sell more hardware. The second they make it free as in speech every competitor can pick it up and put it on commodity hardware, destroying a major strength of Apple. In a NYC talk, Stallman readily said that software developers should absolutely never work for any company developing closed source software (ie. the vast majority of software companies) and should instead work as waiters, developing free software in their free time. [1]: http://isoc-ny.org/p2/5844 I know they disagree with this, but the fact remains that it's very challenging to make money off open source software. Few companies are able to sustain such a business model, particularly if the target market is consumers with no interest in retaining consulting services. Founders who protest such competitions are the same types who ask potential employee's to sign onerous NDAs. Honestly, almost nothing about running a business should be secret. Because that's not where your success comes from. It's all in execution and building a great product/culture. You can openly share all your plans and still see others fail to copy them. Very well done. Love the reveal... thought this was just going to be yet another first-timer post, then BOOM. And I'd have no objections to sharing such data. It's simply not the competitive advantage in most fields. Execution and effort drives success, not business plans. Of these, I'm definitely most interested in Chase Adam. It'll be very interesting to hear the lessons from YC's first non-profit, particularly as the winter round will likely include many more. Can someone explain how this is different from Docker? As someone who hasn't used either, I'd really appreciate an explanation of the nuanced differences/how they relate. From my reading, this simply has nothing to do with the Matthew Effect. They are measuring volume of transactions, not necessarily value and certainly not wealth accumulation. Naturally, those who engage in many transactions initially are likely to engage in even more transactions in the future (ex. a new exchange starts with many transactions and gets even more over time). This has no correlation with actual wealth. If we were to apply this logic to the real world, one would reach the startling conclusion that delis are wealthier than high fashion boutiques. My first thought was that's kinda cool. Then I viewed the source. Amazing. I'm amazed that it's only 5 years old. In those years, it's redefined both how software development works and the terminology we use to describe it. Honestly, it's helped me to become a better developer in so, so many ways. What were SO-coders doing 5 years ago? Though it's not April 1, I thought this must be a joke. Not because these features don't make sense. They do. I know plenty of people who would love them. Except those aren't the people who would pay for them. Simply put, the sort of people who use emojis are definitely not the sort of people who pay for productivity software. Nerds (and generally "professionals") will pay for a Trello board. But nerds don't particularly like stickers. Normals love stickers, but barely ever pay for anything—least of all subscription web services. Even today, I just don't see many teenage girls willing to toss $5 at a web productivity board. It's just a sad and bizarre case of product-market mismatch. I don't know many people who like their open office plan. Yet, why are startups trumpeting these as great places to work? Particularly as an engineer, having a door I can close is essential. (That's why I love working on Fridays, when nearly everyone else works from home.) The biggest stressor for me in an open office is overhearing personal conversations. It's not the noise that bothers me, but the fact that I hear things I really just feel awkward hearing. My ideal office is just lots and lots of rooms. Maybe you could do an open office if complete silence were enforced on the floor and all meetings were held in adjourning rooms, but that'll never get buy-in. The content sync is the really impressive feature here. Basically drop-in multiuser support. The meat of this article, hidden underneath all the fluff, is simply that fees are higher and poor people end up paying more of them. Honestly though, they probably deserve that. I've never in my life been charged an overdraft fee because it doesn't take much to just track the payments you make and never go over. Of course, an inability to plan is probably why they're poor in the first place... > That's easy to do if you're not poor. It's a problem you've never encountered, so don't pretend your virtue protects you. I didn't always have money. My father is a carpenter, and I definitely took the time to write down every expense back when there was serious risk I might overdraft. However, I must apologize for phrasing my original comment too harshly. People don't deserve poverty, but what I meant was that they're at least partially responsible for their situation. As you rightfully point out, punishment certainly isn't the answer. (I certainly don't see overdraft fees as a sane punishment.) But payday lenders and the like aren't the solution either. The solution is helping everyone to get the necessary planning skills for the modern world through education. It'd be great and truly refreshing to see a bank which tried to do that (obviously they'd have to find a different business model than the usual). So, help people to learn to plan. Don't excuse not planning and the institutions (check-cashers, etc.) which enable it. The experience factor is huge here, and should be pinpointed. Being able to work in a non-academic environment is incredibly important, because honestly the pace and quality of technical work done in academic settings just isn't comparable. > "Companies hesitated to hire a Ph.D. with no industry experience" That, for me, would be the #1 red flag. How does one even go through getting a PhD without getting any industrial experience? Not a single internship, even as an undergraduate? This tells me that either the PhD literally can't code (and hence nobody even wanted them as an intern) or despises industry so much that they never wanted an internship (and hence I'd be pretty worried about how much they'd be committed to the new job). Sure, I don't doubt that's what they did. But that's not a counterargument to my point, which is that they chose to not once in (I'm guessing) 6+ years set foot outside academia. Even given unlimited research funding, to not once try working in industry (even during undergrad) betrays a worrying single-mindedness which I'd want to avoid in any technical hire. If all you do is proceed down one path, without ever trying anything else or being a little creative, I probably don't want you on my team. Nor will the vast majority of companies writing software. Hence why PhDs can't get jobs. There are way more of them than companies that actually need their expertise. Accurate, except it's not hiring managers who are making that miscalculation. By and large, hiring managers will see a PhD and be like "yay, give them an interview." Its the interview with an engineer where things break apart, because the engineer expects a PhD to be solving things the same way he would despite coming from totally different backgrounds. (This is born out in the OP's experience, as he got many interviews but few offers.) For once, hiring managers aren't to blame. As someone who lives in the Emirates, I have to object to the allegation of "slaves." This is not slavery. It's indentured servitude, which is definitely distressing but not quite of the same character. Most importantly, in the talks I've had with workers, the vast majority of them still are happy to have these jobs despite the conditions. They're paid an order of magnitude more than they make in Nepal and if you go to poor Nepalese villages you'll see entire families building new houses based on earnings from sons who went to work in the gulf. Finally, it's important to note that there's pretty drastic variation in how workers are treated in different firms. Certainly none have ideal working conditions, but the majority are legal and passable. It's the truly horrible ones which actually trigger government investigations (and, sadly enough, many of the worst firms are actually run by overseas businessmen.). Not at all. Almost none of them have enough to pay their recruitment or travel fees, so they fully understand that for a time all their wages will go towards that. I fail to see how retaining pay until a hiring debt is paid off isn't the very definition of indentured servitude. > It's not one of these trafficking situations where they've been told they've been found a nice domestic service job in the capital and they subsequently end up in an underground brothel in another country. Exactly. Honestly, it's very telling that the vast majority of migrant workers in the gulf are men. They're doing hard manual labor, in admittedly poor conditions, but that is by and large what they signed up for. > They have good reason to expect to have access to food and their post-deduction wages though. Agreed. And that's why the instances where they don't even receive that are so alarming and do trigger government investigations. > I'd expect it's common for them to be left unpaid or underpaid at the close. Unpaid, no. It's extremely rare for an employer to not pay anything ever. Underpaid, definitely—between extra "fees" and deductions, many workers end up with less than they expected (but still more than they'd make back home). > For a mere 20 year old, you sure speak with advanced lashings of ponce and confidence on subjects of which you know not. Having lived in the gulf and thoroughly read the human rights reports in the region, I'd wager I know a lot more about the situation than most HN commenters. But sure, go ahead an attack my age. Everyone knows ad hominem attacks are the best kind. Project list on Hacker League: https://www.hackerleague.org/hackathons/fall-2013-hackny-stu... Definitely a hoax, but I highly doubt it's phishing. Nothing they can really gain from it. All in good fun? I still don't think many "savvy entrepreneurs" would/should turn to reality television for VC, but glad this ridiculous term got removed. Any other VC who demanded equity just for a meeting would've been laughed out of town years ago. That's really not the case. I'm a regular on the hackathon circuit and it's extremely rare & frowned upon for people to start building before the hackathon. Plus, if you doubt it, peruse their GitHub's and you can see clear building. It depends on the project, but in my experience many (if not most) people end up making their repos public. As for finding them, I'll often just look up the hackers on GitHub and check if they have new repos. Though that's not always the case. I kept the repo for the hack I made this weekend ( http://socialsecurity.io — antivirus for Twitter) private because I'm commercializing some of the machine learning. There aren't really topics for a lot of the hackathons (including HackMIT). For the "themed" hackathons you'll know the topics at registration (ie. weeks/months beforehand). Somebody actually did just that at hackNY this fall: http://committing.jit.su/ I actually thought this article would be about the psychological impact of thinking about your time as money. Personally, I've noticed that knowing and internalizing my hourly rate has decreased my enjoyment of life. When you contemplate the opportunity cost of even an hour with friends (>$100) it's hard to have much fun. Has anyone encountered research on this topic? > Generally there is a reasonable limit on the number of billable hours you can have in a week and be productive. I actually haven't found this even when working about 80 hours a week (~60 externally billable). The key is splitting it between 3 things: 1 primary employer; smaller contracts; building my own startup. The variation in work definitely keeps things interesting and productive. Great point. I actually do deploy this technique fairly effectively, but solely as an "investment." Thus, I use money to buy time which I use to earn money. (For example, paying for my laundry to be done so that I have more time to work.) Obviously I still need to learn that increasing a random number in a bank balance doesn't actually affect my life at all. Depends on the exchange rate. $2000 doesn't go that far in NYC. You can certainly live on it, but you're not saving much and you're not living a fantastic lifestyle.