He's not alone in applying physics math to number theory. One thing that makes mathematicians leery of physics-inspired proofs is that physicists accept mathematical transformations that produce correct experimental results but that have not been proven axiomatically. For example, here is a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis: http://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.5012170 It uses operations on an analytic continuation of the zeta function. Are they OK? I don't know. If they are, it's Fields Medal material. But this is nothing new. Oliver Heaviside revolutionized differential equation solving with the Heaviside Operator, which gives correct answers to electromagnetic problems. Nowadays we call it the Laplace Transform, because Laplace had used what turned out equivalent, for other purposes. Other reasons Heaviside is often ignored are that he was a commoner, and he published all his papers in a newspaper. He originated the theory of transmission lines (inventing the loading coils you still see hanging between telephone poles) and atmospheric radio propagation, both often credited to others. See Paul Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: Sage in Solitude" It should be noted that Maxwell's quaternion formulation of the same relations has just two equations. Vector notation won out over quaternions not from elegance or power, but from practical details of working them on paper. Now that we don't, anymore, quaternions are probably the better notation. Somebody should rewrite an E-M and an optics textbook. In other words, physicists were entirely correct to toss the infinite values, and mathematicians were later persuaded it was mathematically sound. Nowadays, although physicists say they are "renormalizing", they still just toss the infinite values. They're justified by results of experiments. Mathematicians are limited because, typically, they have no handy universe to run experiments in, never mind budget for a supercollider. String theory has no experiments, so has no touchstone to justify dodgy maths. String theorists routinely depend on the infinite sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... = -1/12, without apology. It's anybody's guess how well that will turn out in the end, but it hasn't interfered with grants, publication, or tenure, so it's OK so far. I guess Nahin called it a newspaper because it came out on newsprint, folded over, weekly. It would be called a trade rag, these days, if we had those anymore. https://books.google.com/books?id=ehJbAAAAYAAJ&dq=intitle%3A... Potato, potahto. If the experiment produced different results, mathematicians would not be asked for an opinion until the physicists came up with some other math. Because the experiment matched, mathematicians were obliged to invent a framework to justify it. Some people say that they are using "=" to mean something else, and relying on context to distinguish which "=" they mean. But it's less fun to say that the sum of the natural numbers "is associated with" -1/12, especially if you have to say how, exactly. Heaviside's comment, famously, was "Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" I am astonished that, in the two years, you had not already handled 100+ scheduled failovers. If your HA is good, customers don't notice, and if not, you find out when there are fewer of them (and in daytime!), and fix it. Probably by now Pacemaker would have been abandoned. A hundred drills would have been enough to flush out these behaviors. If you are afraid to run drills on production equipment, you should be running them on a full-scale production testbed, ideally with mirrored production traffic. With a production-scale testbed, two years is enough to run thousands of risk-free failovers. Not doing frequent production failure drills is just irresponsible. Firefox says "this add-on could not be installed because it appears to be corrupt" Nobody seems to want to say it, but murder is a much more plausible explanation than suicide or accident. It is scary to think so because the murderer and his accomplices remain free and in power. This article doesn't explain why they have so much trouble with versioning a protocol that is quite a lot simpler than many IP protocols that work. They shouldn't need GREASE, because anybody implementing TLS should be testing against a dedicated server, identified in the RFC, that connects as a client and jiggles all the knobs. What, no conformance testing address is in the RFC? There's your problem right there. To the conspiracy-minded among us, it is clear that "some people" don't want progress on encrypted communications, and know just what percentage of devices need to be intolerant of progress to stall adoption of fixes. Making browsers treat dropped connections as part of the protocol was very convenient for "those people". I.e., this is not (significantly) a matter of incompetent implementers, this is an enemy attack. Deployment plans that assume good faith by all parties fail under enemy attack. As with everything cryptographic, a threat model is essential. Deployment is as much a part of the system and attack surface as the ciphers. This posting makes me unaccountably happy. Not to take anything away from cetaceans, but this article slights elephants and crows. Both recognize themselves in mirrors, and invent tools. Without looking at any other solutions, I whipped up a one-off 37-line C++11 program that is easily twice as fast as the best D or Rust one, with no special tricks. (Change out the uses of "auto" and it qualifies as C++98.) I am appalled that a 125-line program to do such a simple job could win. If that was the best they could do, I would have kept the challenge open until something better came in. I haven't tried the other programs on one-field files, or where the field selected is the first, or the last. Did you? #include #include #include #include #include int main(int, char** argv) { std::ifstream in(argv[1]); std::string head; if (!(in >> head)) return std::cout sputn(&head[1], head.size()-2); ob->sputc('\n'); bool skipping = pos == 0; for (int c = 0, count = skip_pre; (c = ib->snextc()) != EOF; ) { if (c == ',' || c == '\n') { if (skipping) { count = skip_post + skip_pre; skipping = count == 0; ob->sputn(&sub[0], sub.size()); } else if (--count == 0) { skipping = true; } ob->sputc(c); } else if (!skipping) ob->sputc(c); } } His influence on robotics has been mostly negative, although the mechanism has been mostly journalistic stupidity. The "three laws" could never be implemented in hardware, they were just rules about how to make stories. "Suppose robots followed these. What would happen?" His answer was that they would quietly take over the world and keep us as pets. Because nothing like them could be implemented, there was no predictive value. The actual outcome, without laws and with corporations standing in for the robots, is that we are livestock and vermin, according to individual usefulness and accidents of birth. The hydrogen fuel pathway has already been solved, and much more elegantly. Hydrogen produced by direct, catalytic hydrolysis from sunlight, in water, is taken up by microbes in the water that absorb CO2 and excrete hydrocarbons -- oil -- that floats to the surface, and is directly usable in existing fuel tanks and engines, no further processing needed. I use state machines all the damn time. Am I, then, no developer? Maybe you meant to say that only competent developers use state machines. But that would place you outside their august company, leaving us little reason to credit your observation. In that world, the absence of state machines in one's code would reliably indicate incompetence. But in fact, by definition, there is no computer program on God's green Earth that is not a state machine. Programming languages were created specifically to make the state machines they compile down to look more intuitive and less like, you know, state machines. So the observation is really that our programs usually look the way they were intended to look, except when we abuse our language in pursuit of performance, elegance, or other consensual delusion. There is no such language as "C/C++". Putting that in your title telegraphs that you don't have much to say, even if you might. This article made no sense at all. It could have made sense with a few strategically placed definitions. "Depression" is used to describe any number of barely-related syndromes. The only way anybody seems to know to distinguish them, or to diagnose them, is by which medication turns out to help after it's been tried. That makes drug trials iffy propositions; if a drug helps only one per six patients, maybe they were the only ones with the kind of depression it's good for. (And of course some patients have more than one kind.) Medically, it rivals unconsciousness for making the patient unable to seek help, with the wrinkle that others tend to blame the patient for failing to try hard enough. There is no language named C/C++. There is C, and there is C++. To be taken seriously, treat them as the very different languages they are. It's much easier to express what's wrong with design pattern chatter: Each design pattern represents a failure in the host language to provide facilities sufficient to abstract the pattern as a library component. when you find yourself relying on design patterns, it is a sign that it is long past time to switch to a more expressive language. This is a very interesting article, but many of the numbers are off. The three foundation stones at Baalbek are estimated at 800 to 1100 tons each. The Romans never managed to move anything much over 300 tons -- one of the Egyptian obelisks had to be broken up so they could bring the top part to Rome. Nobody knows who moved the stones at Baalbek, but they are much more deeply weathered than the Roman temples built on top. It is considered important that they did not need to be lifted, as they were quarried from higher than their final resting place. Always and forever, surveillance is a precursor to and enabler of extortion. The extortion we usually hear about is people forced to testify, often to lie, about others still under investigation, or to recruit other informants and exfiltrate secrets. We hear about it because it is useful for us to have heard about it. In the other instances there is no reason to tell us, so the only way to find out about them is to be extorted. Like the world needs yet another Sans typeface. The only objective measure of the value of a typeface for reading comprehension showed that serif faces are overwhelmingly better. The only thing favoring sans-serif faces is fashionability among graphic designers. Making new ones does nothing for anyone except the designer. I have been using LinuxLibertine for text. It's just about perfect. Noto Serif looks like it was intended as a caption font. I wonder if anyone has tried rendering directly to AV1 (or x264, or what-have-you), e.g. in a video game. There is all this hardware devoted to turning a few bytes of input into lots of pixels out. Maybe you could do less work producing just the few bytes, and let dedicated hardware generate the pixels. Of course you don't need for the CPU to generate the bytes; code running on the GPU would still do that, but with less work to do, you might get higher frame rates, or better detail at the same rate. You heard it here first. (That is, unless it doesn't work.) This is just the reference implementation. Its purpose is as a check for production versions to verify they produce the right bits, and to make clear what all the protocol options are. Production performance will be comparable to software implementations of the other protocols; and then hardware will be real-time, soon enough, and there will be expensive way-faster-than hardware for transcoding services. If you have much transcoding to do, you farm it to them. The performance of the first x264 software implementations was no better, although you never saw them. Not if the information starts out in fewer bytes. Then, you're just rearranging the bits into renderable order. "Chicken" is a very small number of bits that would need to be expanded to more bits (leg down here, wing over there, beak up here) before handing them over to the decoder to make actual feathers. The representation in a game's scene list is overwhelmingly more compact than the input to a decoder would be, and most of it barely changes from one second to the next, as the pixels are all replaced dozens of times over. Viruses always mutate, and they are far more clever about it than any puny human. But fewer than one in a billion viral species has the slightest interest in infecting you. Much more interesting than production of hydrogen (which has been achieved elsewhere: https://phys.org/news/2011-09-artificial-leaf-fuel-sunlight-... ) is integrated production of stuff more useful than hydrogen. https://phys.org/news/2016-05-bacterium-inhales-carbon-dioxi... You can grow bacteria in the same water, and given CO2, they produce and excrete hydrocarbons. Daniel Nocera uses Ralston eutropha bacteria, and a different catalyst. Competing with C is a pretty low bar, nowadays; although I appreciate the uniquely careful definition used here. When you are serious about performance, nowadays, cache misses and branch prediction are decreasingly relevant. You need to talk about drawing on computational resources practically inaccessible from C, including AVXn vector units, and shaders. C's weakness for expressing abstractions is a fundamental and unbridgeable handicap for such computation. C++ might be up to the job, and Haskell should be. It is not clear whether Rust is. For this kind of hardware exploitation, direct compiler support will always lag far behind. You need for the language to be expressive enough to support writing libraries that wrap access to the platform's hardware features in a way that the library can be ported to other hardware without changing client code, and present its capabilities in a way natural for the language. Compiler optimizers are good at merging client code with library implementation when both are in the same language, and can identify efficiencies not available to library or clients taken in isolation. It is not typically less work to write such a library than to tailor a compiler, but the work has better longevity. Other people port the library for their hardware, and all the compilers and programs are brought along. In the case of rustc and ghc, where there is momentarily only one compiler, it may be harder to see this. Move along, nothing to see here. It is quite stunning how lightweight and meaningless this editorial is. The only real question is why NYT printed it. There is undoubtedly a reason somewhere in the bowels of the newsroom, but it is certainly not a reason to read it, much less to post a link to it. I don't understand why they insist on fooling with carbon, when phosphorus forms nice sheets like graphene that are naturally semiconconducting. It probably has a lot to do with appealing to the prejudices of grant committees. I see so much custom hardware. Can somebody tell me why running the drivers of interest in a virtualbox/qemu image, and logging interaction on the host OS, doesn't do a better job than custom hardware? Maybe you need Linux for the host OS, that not everybody already has. It might be like KVM switches, that nobody using Linux would ever feel like they needed. It takes infinite energy to achieve a walking pace? Where do playets get that? I will never understand how MS execs didn't go to jail for contempt of court when their fraudulent video was exposed. Nor how David Boies went from there to representing SCO. Or how SCO counsel and execs alike avoided contempt of court, with their own shenanigans. Getting caught lying to a jury is one thing, lying to the judge... It is really amazing, when you get into it, how many people with excellent-looking CV and experience just can't code their way out of a wet paper bag. They don't know what cache is or how to tell when you've run out of it; can't use pointers, can't write a loop; don't understand object lifetime or that objects have one; or think a null pointer is, or should be, the same as an empty string. (This last is most amazing because it seems to be official policy at Google!) The elementary coding and debugging exercises that are so annoying are necessary because most candidates, by far, can't begin to do them -- MS:CS, real-time OS thesis project, and N years experience notwithstanding. What have these people been doing? I have seen brainteasers used well, but only as a jumping-off point for a conversation that tends well away from the puzzle. I used to use a design problem (no coding) that bright undergrads solved in two minutes, BSes in five, MSes in 20, and PhDs either never, or as fast as an undergrad. Everyone who solved it used identically the same hand gesture when describing the solution. ITA Software used to publish great programming puzzles that you were invited to solve and send with a CV. (Google bought them out and eventually took down the puzzles, back in 2010, but they might still be in wayback). To learn how your solution compared to theirs, you had to send it! It might not work so well anymore, since everything gets posted nowadays. He undermines his message at the end, talking about airport security lines. They are irritating because they are BS, meaningless security theater, from beginning to end. They are stressful because they create uncertainty about whether we will miss our flight, and whether we will have our property confiscated, or be incarcerated for things we have no control over, or our pants will slip down when we take our belts off. Security theater is there to create the impression that something is being done when nothing can be. The stressful experience is the entire purpose of the operation. It looks to me like it worked perfectly. The subjects increased their ability to recognize that they would better do something else meaningful. If my colleagues became less interested in pointless busywork, that would improve my life as well as theirs. Maybe the OP would like to look up the word "reign" in the dictionary. It doesn't seem to appear in TFA. It is a perhaps understandable mistake for someone whose native language isn't English. "Reign" is about kings ; "rein" is about horses. The more I read of this article, the less I believe. So, what happened? And why are we seeing this again now? Especially, when internal combustion is about obsolete? Until it gets popcount and count leading zeros, I can't use it. Fascist trains didn't really run on time. It is just that nobody could say they didn't. But, yes, utility is poorly correlated with ethics, at least in the short term. Longer term, maybe not. Ethical failure has a way of gumming up communication paths. Missed the point, so badly. There is nothing smug about the comic. It expresses horror at democracy subject to haphazard, ill-informed choices and malicious negligence. Hanging chads were a result of a previous rush to faulty technology. The fact is that voting machines are thrown together from faulty components with faulty design choices by badly managed companies with no evident care for their responsibility to the public. All the geoengineering proposals I have encountered ignore ocean acidification. A less-overheated planet with a dead ocean is hardly any better than an overheated planet with a dead ocean. That said, half of global climate disruption is from refrigerants. To prevent ultimate disaster, existing refrigeration systems must be destroyed without gas release, and replaced with systems that don't rely on (and leak) CFCs or HFCs. tl;dr: Stuff happened 65+ mya. Theories developed over past ~50 years. Human extinction due in 50 y to 0.5 my. Implication: there is no need to rush a conclusion. New evidence will continue to surface. We might be extinct before certainty arrives. This policy has been a security disaster. Besides the obvious problems with undefined behaviors, it has made evolving protocols to fix problems often impossible. Abandoning notions of boolean and aristotelian logic at the outset is the first step toward success in understanding developments. Children have to invent their own logic, and then discover words that fit it. Only later do they learn about other logics, and adjust. Most never get to Boole, never mind Aristotle, but what they have works well enough for what they expect of it. At the same time, they are inventing causality, which formal logic still has not absorbed, and that most statisticians remain deeply suspicious of. I think I like my tomu.im gadget better. Just sayin'. I don't understand why all these things have to be so huge and clumsy. The Tomu (tomu.im) fits almost entirely inside a USB slot, and has 64k of flash and a 32-bit ARM. If it does have to be big enough to be on a lanyard or something, I need it to be flexible, like a short cable dongle. A long skinny USB stick is an accident waiting to happen. My guess is they proved that quantum computers can't break it, and they would rather we stay on RSA so they can sweep things up and crack them all when they get to it. Does this seem insane to anyone else? Emulating an Arduino, you get no benefit at all from re-implementing a compiler. The Instruction Set Architecture is rigorously defined. All you need to do is implement that, plus some peripherals. Write a compiler from ATmega machine code to your VM, if you like. This C++-- will never be actually useful to anyone, and people developing for Arduino already have more than one anyway. It might be educational, but almost all the work has gone into the least useful and least educational parts of it. The destructor is by far the single most essential feature of C++. After that, constructors, templates, and the standard library take 2nd, 3rd, and 4th place. If you think integer conversions are important, you have not learned much at all. There are already several ATmega emulators done sanely. One more would not be bad, and could break new ground. Use virtualization primitives to make an x86 program translated from ATmega think it's a real chip, and emulate the Arduino 100x faster than the real one. I bet it's 3840 x 2160, not 2840 x 2160. What I want to know about a thing like this is how long it can go all out (on 1, 2, 3 ... N cores) before it gets throttled down to Celeron speed. My experience has not been very encouraging, so far. But if it can run one core at top speed indefinitely, that would be better than nothing. Uvm used to be really cool, when there was only one core and one memory map. Then those busybody CPU manufacturers gave us lots of cores, and each core its own TLB, and then we had to trash everybody's TLB whenever somebody re-mapped something. That made working by flapping page mappings slow everything else down, and UVM became a specialist technique for embedded systems small enough to have just one core, but big enough to have mapped memory. Meanwhile, memory systems have got better and better at copying -- mostly just by adding bandwidth, but also by having lots of registers to slurp bytes into and spew out elsewhere -- to the point that gymnastics to avoid copying are often slower than just copying. It is perhaps worth noting that the bulk of Mongo's operating losses were only paper: vesting stock options. I don't know why they wanted to keep that a secret from Wall Street, but it means that they got 6+ years' operating capital from the sale, not just 2. Keeping the secret meant they were motivated to shed people vesting too much, to make their apparent losses look smaller. Wall Street smoke 'n' mirrors strikes again. If you aren't incurring losses, it means you are throwing away potential income by growing too slowly, and inviting competitors to take up the slack. In case of a market or tech hiccup, you might find yourself without "sufficient cash flow", and collapse, but that would be the investors' problem. The investors are assumed to be able to absorb the loss and disappointment without undue discomfort, and so they are. Risk to your dreams takes last place. Probably if Babbage had employed watchmakers, he could have got it done, but clockwork run on springs isn't as impressive as massive, clanking machinery driven by steam engines. He would still have had the problem of driving typesetting equipment, but that seems like a smaller problem. Output on punched paper tape was the solution the later generation chose, and would have worked. Amusingly, the original telegraph inventions (plural) output dots on paper, but accidents of finance left us with the inferior audio clickery. Sort of like how we are still using x86. I am very happy to see this re-posted if only because it evoked the exposition above. There might be a reason why you are not asked to manage a growing business. It looks to me like you found out that Python is slow in even more ways than we knew. But we knew that. That is another cost of such a language -- that even things that rationally look faster are slower. But machine code, and thus optimized compiled code, has moved into the same space -- the machine instructions are interpreted, too, now. Speeds are a thousand times more, but things affecting speed are way more complex, so reasoning is similarly compromised. It's a deal with the devil: in exchange for typical speedups of an order of magnitude or more, you lose the ability to tell what is making it slow, and even whether it is slow at all. What does slow mean, now? Only than another program is faster. But you need to have found it to know. On modern chips (Haswell and later), a loop of only four instructions -- two comparisons, two branches, which may run for a microsecond or months, depending on input, may take time t or 2t depending on whether the compiler guesses right about which way one of the tests goes. It happens that gcc tends, systematically, to guess wrong on these. The difference comes down to whether the loop takes one cycle or two per typical iteration. Using __builtin_expect() can overpower the compiler's guess, but who wants that in their code? But it doesn't always work either. Slightly older chips (Sandybridge) would always take the 2t months, regardless. So we got a really significant speedup, sometimes, at the cost of not knowing whether we are getting it, or what we need to do to get it. Engineering is turned into shamanism and guessing. At least we always know that a Python program will always be slower than any equivalent compiled program. But Mercurial is fast... 1.There is no such language as C/C++. 2. There are no developers of C/C++. 3. C and C++ are distinct languages. 4. Anybody advertising for a C/C++ developer is insufficiently aware of software requirements to provide meaningful employment. 5. C++ programmers and C programmers have different responses to unfamiliar languages. 6. Some C programmers would like to be thought of as skilled "C/C++" programmers. There are none. Thus, they are not. 7. Many C++ programmers are capable of altering C code. They, also, are not "C/C++" programmers. When altering C code, they are programming in C, not C++. 8. C++ programmers and C programmers make different kinds of mistakes. 9. Anyone titling an article about "C/C++ programmers" make is making a fundamental category error, and has self-identified as lacking insight. 10. Anyone titling an article about mistakes "C/C++ programmers make" refers to an empty set of programmers. 11. People new to Go make mistakes. (One such mistake might be using Go at all; that is not decided.) 12. There will be some intersection between mistakes made by any two groups of programmers. 13. The intersection between mistakes made by Java programmers and Javascript programmers does not define a "Java/Javascript" language, nor a set of "Java/Javascript programmers", despite any similarity of names or surface syntax between the two. So, the Richat Structure, or Eye of the Sahara, never existed either? In a word: yes. People who know best have been raising the alarm for decades now, but in most places it has only gotten worse. Kamala Harris entered public life over securing California's voting processes. California has been a rare bright spot. It has been common to insist that equipment is not connected wirelessly and not on the internet when in fact it connects via a cell phone, which is readily cracked. Even physical security is neglected: the "seals" used on ballot boxes are easily spoofed, leaving no physical evidence of tampering. The solution is the same everywhere: be patient. Let essential checking be done. Nothing real hinges on finding out tomorrow instead of three days later. Next they'll tell us there's such a thing as "wet towels". "Debt: The First 5,000 Years" by David Shaefer. Top marks! An exploration of the origin of money, and what it means. Money is a pure invention, invented for purposes now almost forgotten. Currency was invented thousands of years later, for military purposes. The book is full of surprises. The actual problem with this, after you have satisfied yourself about the numerous non-problems, is that practically any real app in wasm has calls to library code implemented in C or C++ and compiled to real asm to implement the extended Javascript runtime, that you would not want running in ring 0. To those are added all the kernel-mode functions that must be used correctly. (If the app can be provoked to use them wrong, boom.) So, the plausible use is an implicitly trusted app not exposed to untrusted input, that is system-call bound, and that you want to distribute cross-platform without recompiling to targets that have installed this module in a known kernel version. It seems easier just to distribute source for a kernel module; or kernel modules built for the (2? 3 tops) architectures required. [edit: spelling error.] eBPF is generated from LLVM IR, so any language that compiles to IR works, so long as the code doesn't translate to IR operations not permitted in eBPF. > I'm not sure why linking third party code is a concern, it all must live inside the sandbox provided by the runtime. Some runtime stuff implements operations not expressible in JS, and not permitted in the sandbox. You may not want that code in the kernel. Anyway, if random kernel functions can be called from the sandbox, it would be easy to misuse them. Untrusted input might trick code into misusing them from in the sandbox, via nominally valid operations. Does webasm protect against integer overflow, or unaccounted unsigned wraparound? Not all exploitable bugs are pointer violations. Another good reason to drop iOS from your workflow. They say closer to the poles, wind power cools. So, put wind power systems at higher latitudes, and solar at lower latitudes -- where it is more effective. Sorted. I look forward to the day when the rotors are taken down (and used for roofing?), the pods mined for their rare earths. The towers will have loose mesh stretched between them, and collect wind power by releasing ions against an electric field maintained by the mesh. (This was patented in the '80s by Alvin Marks. Expired, now, both.) Patterns failed because they aren't patterns. But if the GoF had published a Glossary of Software Things We Find We Use, few would have bought it. In one sense DP wasn't a failure, because it made its authors boatloads of money. That's usually considered enough, if your expectations are not unreasonable. It didn't revolutionize software development, but software development already was and still is dead in the middle of a continuous revolution, with no end in sight. That revolution is driven by programming languages getting better at enabling programmers to capture ideas in libraries. Progress mostly happens by existing languages adopting good ideas. Sometimes the ideas have been tried out first in a new language, but as often not. If you have a good language idea, you stand an overwhelmingly better chance of people using it if you get it into a widely used language. As a consequence, C++ has, over the past 20 years, turned into a language that is enormously more fun than its first standardized version. C++11 is more fun than C++98, C++14 is more fun than 11, 17 is more fun than 14, and 20 will be more fun than 17. The bleeding edge is discovering how to express good ways to control the non-von Neumann hardware whose computational capacity completely overwhelms the pile of cores we are handed. It's not clear that libraries will be able help very much with that. GPUs have enormously more computational capacity than CPUs, and are very weird. They can be programmed in C or C++, but it is not not a natural fit. Near-future chips will have FPGAs on board. Programming FPGAs is much stranger. You can shoehorn them into doing familiar things, but it's wasteful. Libraries in source form are libraries. The most useful and used libraries for C++ are all, or almost all, source, and there's nothing wrong with that A pattern, in the DP sense, is something you use over and over but can't be put in a library. As the language gets better, the patterns become ordinary library components. Then people start to notice patterns in use of the language plus library, and either capture them in another component, extend the language to enable capturing them, or just rewrite again every time. So a catalog of patterns is really a list of language weaknesses. For an unfixably weak language like C, a list of patterns might be actually useful over the long term. But ambitious people will have moved on to a more powerful language, leaving the incurious, who will not be interested. Not convincing. We know Kepler results are heavily biased for (1) systems edge-on to us (2) with big planets (3) very close to their star. The only conclusion to draw is that planets that are all clustered close to their star tend to similar sizes. Then only Mercury is unusual. Even there, it's not unique. Stars with planets distributed more widely, like ours, have been systematically filtered out of the results. We have no idea how common they are. It might be that they are rare, and that would make us unusual. In that case, distribution would be interesting and relative sizes would be unremarkable. If in fact they are common, there is no reason to expect sizes in those cases to be uniform. A system that condensed from a cloud with less intrinsic rotation seems more likely to have its planets clustered close. Less intrinsic rotation could also result in more uniformity. The author demonstrated that a particular model is not consistent with the selected systems. That is not evidence strongly in favor of a single other model (uniform sizes = normal) it is evidence very weakly in favor of every other possible model. This result says that random sizes and orbits are not consistent with observations. But there is a huge gap between "random" and "uniform", even ignoring all the possible different distributions. We know that our solar system is not random -- e.g., we have the "platonic solids" spacing, for our inner planets. So, our solar system is also not described by the disallowed model. It's great that some subset of random distributions are ruled out for systems that happen to have planets packed close to their star, but that says nothing at all about how we compare to the the overwhelming majority of other systems systematically excluded from the sample. As with most results that hit the popular press, any actual significance is garbled to the point of meaninglessness. But a good graphic can be worth a lot if you ignore the headline. Failing to factor them can be pretty important. Just keep telling yourself that. Or, look up the right answer. Management gets some vague benefits if they have more recognized minority-category people on staff. (No benefits for hiring older employees, of course.) Funny how the article entirely ignores huge caves on Africa dug by elephants mining salt. They ate the tailings. Maybe there is only one such cave known, so somehow it doesn't count? By all the reports, it seems really astonishing that Intel ever manage to ship anything. The subtext might be that Intel upper management's main job is to kill projects that might distract from things that absolutely must ship. And, maybe the wholesale killing frequently gores stuff that succeeds in shipping despite all. There are still plenty of truths that make sweepy GC a terrible basis for a general purpose programming language. RC -- reference-counting -- is, of course, a kind of GC, and thus another thing to avoid, most of the time, in performant programs. That is a reason "shared_ptr" in C++, and its analog in Rust, are used sparingly, particularly in libraries that might need to be used nobody-knows-where. (Shared_ptr-happy coding is a marker of the reluctant Java convert.) Another reason is that it tends to serialize otherwise parallel programs. Libraries are at the core of the GC problem. When you control the main program, you can take all kinds of liberties. But a language that doesn't support using the full power of the language to write universally-usable libraries will always remain in whichever ghetto birthed it. Another problem not noted in the article is the often very poor cache locality behavior of GC-dependent languages. This can often be mitigated by trading off some other desirable quality. Again, such tradeoffs are easy in a main program, and near impossible in a library. Manipulating this tradeoff is characteristic of misleading benchmarks showing GC languages as "nearly as fast as", usually, C. (C++ and Rust are substantially faster than C, in real programs, so are less popular comparison targets.) Another problem with programs in GC-dependent languages, not mentioned, is what might be called poor citizenship. A GC program might run well when it (a benchmark?) is the only program running, but run several and things may change. This is a consequence of two facts. First, letting garbage accumulate is more efficient for any single program, but may interfere with other programs that would like to do the same. Second, on typical platforms, it is hard to know how much garbage is too much. Memory is cheaper than it once was, most places, but cache is still dear, and an increasing ratio still has baleful consequences. Many, perhaps most programs need to manage resources other than memory, or even manage more than one kind of memory. Once you have facilities in place to manage any resource, memory is just one of them, and may be managed the same way. When you are blessed with destructors (or a Drop trait), the appeal of GC, or any second system, and its interactions with the first, evaporates. GC-dependent languages suffer from other problems, but this comment is growing long, and these are enough for me. Not all programs need to be fast, or constructible from mature, widely usable and widely sourced libraries, or play well with others, or manage non-memory resources, but many do. The rest can be coded in GC-dependent languages without shame. Socialized medicine has been working out super great for most of the world for long enough to know it is a great idea worth copying. Meanwhile, infant mortality in the US is on par with, what, Belarus? Oops, no, Belarus is doing quite a lot better now. Socialized road maintenance is still working out pretty well, even in the US. We were doing pretty well with drinking water, most places, until recently, although corporate influence delayed improvements in lead- and mercury-exposure standards by many decades. Analogies don't always work out the way we would like. I've seen an assertion that brain surgeons have seven times the risk of developing Alzheimer's as other surgeons (although I can't seem to find it now). If true, that would support an infection hypothesis, though not necessarily implicating HSV. Valacyclovir is cheap and safe enough that it could be given "on spec", to a very large number of people at risk. If it works, it works. One might interpret the delay in acting on the infectious hypothesis here as a result of the overwhelming majority of Alzheimer's researchers having no experience with virology. What should you do when you discover you have spent your career on something that turns out to have nothing to do with the cause of the disease you have studied? Probably not try to become a virologist. The most nimble must be casting about for other topics in brain microanatomy and gene expression. In ten years we might see a flowering of other results as they turn their attention away from Alzheimer's to topics that had been neglected. Aha: https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2018/09/09/6456291... "Correction: Sept. 13, 2018 The initial version of this article overstated the rate at which neurosurgeons and spouses of Alzheimer's patients develop the dementia. The risk is nearly 2 1/2 times greater for neurosurgeons, not sevenfold, and 1.6 times higher for spouses, not six times greater. On Sept. 18, the article was changed to say that the risk for neurosurgeons was a comparison with the general population, not other causes of death for the doctors." The most attractive thing about cotton as a food crop is that the FDA has approved use of pesticides on it that are not allowed on crops meant for people. They need these because cotton pests are among the worst. That cottonseed oil is permitted in food is among the most egregious loopholes in US food regulation. When you see cottonseed oil in the ingredients you know that the manufacturer has cut cost and quality of every other ingredient to the absolute limit. Cows' tolerance for cottonseed toxin is exaggerated -- recommendations are that cottonseed meal be no more than 10% of their diet. The attraction for ranchers has been that cottonseed meal is practically free, because it is toxic waste. Growing cotton is terrible for the soil, and cotton needs huge amounts of water. Anything that increases acres under cotton cultivation is an evil. The authors of FFTW published a paper about their computational method, an early example of "cache-oblivious" array traversal order. (In this method, uses of elements noodle around in small areas, getting a free locality boost. Typically they use a Hilbert or Peano path.) They refused to cite Todd Veldhuizen, who had done it (with plenty of publicity) a year before. They refused to discuss why, but it is apparent that it was because Veldhuizen had published in Dr. Dobb's Journal of Computer Orthodontia ("Running light without overbyte"). Licensing opens the door for bribery. And, it means simple possession isn't proof of a crime, because there might be a license somewhere. Corruption at its purest. Americans still sort of pretend, but only to cover for the most thorough-going corruption the world has ever seen. Why bother colonizing Mars at all? The place is worse than a dump. Even the moon would be a better choice, this century at least. The cloud tops of Venus are heavenly, by comparison. Even asteroids have more appeal. Antarctica or northern Greenland would be overwhelmingly more pleasant than any of those. Likewise the ocean floor, on any continental shelf. Texas. Not "edging up to" a mass extinction? No kidding, we are 10,000 years into one, and going strong -- if not 45,000 years, or more, judging from the experience of Australian megafauna. We have not made a huge dent in the oceans yet, Steller's Sea Cow notwithstanding -- and it's not -- but give us just a little more time. As its acidity rises, it will get progressively harder for any species to produce a shell. Who knows how many uncatalogged species of copepods will vanish, unnamed? To me the great mystery is how African megafauna continue to survive. Even the elephant has not quite succumbed yet. The Wrangel Island mammoths fell to not more than a few hundred Inuit ancestors, starting barely 4000 years ago, and it was over in no time. When you tunnel your protocol in UDP, and control both ends, you can get overwhelmingly better flow control than TCP, which cannot trust the other end, so must rely on packet drops to get a reliable signal. When you can trust the other end, rate of change of packet transfer time (delta packet delay) reveals congestion exactly -- i.e., increasing time means you had better slow down, decreasing, you can go faster. Only problem is, the receiver has the signal, but the sender needs it, and the useful lifetime is less than the packet delay. So, you need a predictor on the sender, fed by corrections from the receiver. This is control theory applied to network flow. This is how all of Hollywood sends reels around the basin to effects houses, and completed movies to digital projection theaters. This article is very old (in internet years) and Mongo moves very fast. So most of the things in the article are way, way out of date. Very smart people working at Mongo understand where they need to get and how to get there, and they are well along the path. Bad old code is being replaced with better new code, limited mainly by backward compatibility bother. It is still the case (and will remain for a long time -- also internet years) that to get reliable behavior, you need to use non-default options. Queries need a variety of extra flags that say, "please make this write durable", or "please be sure to give me the right answer". And, when you use the flags, they reliably make the DB slower. If you use enough of them to get ACIDy distributed reliability, it's hardly faster than other DBs. So, in another two or three years, it will be an OK choice. In the meantime, PostgreSQL is arguably the better choice. And, of course, PG is not sitting still, so may still be a better choice in two or three years. But most people using MongoDB don't care, because the overwhelming majority of uses of data storage just don't matter very much. When you see the list "people who bought this gewgaw also looked at this lot" on the bottom of a page, chances are that's Mongo telling you, and who cares if it's right? What matters is you didn't have to wait an extra ten seconds for the stupid page to load. Still! Every time you order from Cisco, the order goes through a Mongo store. Since they have been using Mongo for a long time, they either make durability in their application code -- which, dangerous secret, is much easier than doing it in the DB -- or just aren't too arsed about it. (I'm betting it's the latter.) Go long until the (imminent) next stock market crash. Then, sell before it happens. Peter Thiel should be more careful using that expression, considering his record. It is ACID if you add all the query flags to say you want that. The majority of users don't, because it costs performance, which is in many / most? applications more important than correctness.