There are already people cheating. I'm looking at you Anon #2340. That's okay, there's time to work on the shielding. 0.03 c is the most that can be feasibly achieved using top-end near future technology like dusty plasma fission fragment rockets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fission-fragment_rocket This memo spends the entire time talking about the 'evil' al-qa'ida and how even if a US citizen joins them then legally they should get to kill them. It goes into deep detail about this scenario for a number of pages. But it skips over, in 5 lines at the very beginning, that it also applies to anyone they arbitrarily say are associated with al-qa'ida. No details about that. The important issue isn't the legal justification of some mythical US al-qa'ida as this document tries to stress. It's about the fact that they decide who is an 'associated group' they can also kill and that decision is secret and arbitrary. http://inertiawar.com/microcode/ provides a good background summary of microcode on AMD/Intel CPU in general. Here's a non-scribd link: http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~jansen/papers/lira-ndss2013.pdf After reading the full text article I was surprised to find the protons from the aluminium foil/picosecond pulse interaction actually come from hydrocarbon impurities that were on the back surface of the foils. If they don't guard that hydrocarbon film on the back of the aluminium from the Boron-ionizing nanosecond pulse then they don't get protons. So that is why the second thinner aluminium film is there; to shield the impurity layer on the thick aluminium film. According to my tests (with many dongles of E4K and R820T tuners) it takes about ~50 milliseconds for everything to happen. Use keenerd's experimental branch for fast tuning with R820T tuners. I'm not sure the main branch has fixed the driver yet. My best guess is that something in libusb is slowing down the process which in theory should only take ~8 milliseconds. The cap is not the frightening bit of this announcement. That Comcast has declared they will MITM and hack user connections to all websites not using SSL is frightening. > ...we are fortunate enough to have an OptiTrack optical motion capture system in our lab. The 12 cameras capture at 100FPS, and the Motive software computes position and orientation... That part of it seems a bit less feasible for home use. This is one area where a native AR system like the CastAR wins. Okay, but does the baseband processor have direct memory access to the system RAM? If so, it is useless from a security standpoint. I accept that Russian bankers are getting away with various forms of theft and fraud. But so are the bankers in western countries like the USA and the UK (too big to prosecute). It is like this article's refrain of "In any other country,", "in most countries", etc is not only unaware of the same thing going on everywhere but intentionally ignoring it. This is a great comic. I just wish he had preserved the old format which was deep-linkable instead of switching to a "pretty" javascript interface. It's the magnetic field in the solar wind deflecting the charged cosmic rays. It is not a scattering effect from increased density. What is talked about here is the arrival of the high speed stream, but it is not the high speed stream itself. What is important is the momentum transfer from the high speed stream to the slow stream out in front of it. This builds up to a genuine shockwave by Mar's orbit but at earth it is just a smooth increase in dynamic pressure. There's a pile up of the "frozen-in" magnetic field at this co-rotating interaction region and that field's intensity deflects the cosmic rays (and other charged particles) from certain directions at certain distances. This is the pretty much the same mechanism as the Forbush decrease associated with coronal mass ejections. Lets put it this way: if you're anywhere you only have to melt snow a handful of days per year it is not worth it to have heating. Anywhere snow is seriously inconvenient this idea is silly. On some linux configurations flash 11.x doesn't seem to work with livestream. A handful of seconds play then it permanently buffers. One solution is to use the python program livestreamer ( http://livestreamer.tanuki.se/en/latest/index.html ) to play the stream in vlc. Probably, but I'll never know through this means because privacyinternational decided to rely on a javascript dependent page rendering. Now combine it with transcutaneous electrical stimulation on the inner ear. In the past (2000s) there were more than a few studies show this could control walking direction of blindfolded participants too. No. There's no mechanism of action. A tens of hertz a nanotesla magnetic field is not doing anything. It is not creating a significate potential anywhere, especially not the brain. The rate of change in the magnetic field is proportional to the induced voltage and here both the rate of change and field strength are tiny. Magnetic fields themselves have no effect. We are literally always surrounded by such insignificant fields. This paper is akin to someone claiming to be "electrosensitive". It's an extremely bold claim without the evidence to back it up. Finally a popular press article wanting that digs deeper than the old fables about dopamine. For more in-depth information Berridge has a big list of review articles: http://www.lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/public... The most popular low end quadcopter, the Syma X5C, has this. The blades are flexible and stop almost instantly when obstructed. This is great for preventing breakage when you hit a tree. I've stuck my finger in there intentionally without even mild pain. If a $60 device has it I bet the multi-hundred and thousand dollar devices will not have trouble. Since they will be in low earth orbits the radiation effects will be significantly less than compared to geosynchronous satellites. They'll be well within the magnetosphere. As for atmospheric ionization: it won't be a problem at the multiple GHz frequencies of interest. That really only effects stuff well under 1 GHz. Skype becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys Skype for the US government. eBay sells Skype. PayPal becomes a problem for the US government. eBay buys PayPal for the US government. eBay sells PayPal. This page will reliably kill X.Org X Server 1.7.6 regardless of the browser used to render it. This article seems to think being stopped by the police because of jogging is a thing of the past. I live in a state university town full of joggers but I've been stopped 3 times for my "suspicious" jogging just in the last year. I guess it's because I do it at weird times with normal clothing instead of the standard exercise uniform. They always say something along the lines of "I thought you were in trouble." to justify themselves. Well, they require me to identify myself (by name) and what I'm doing so it seems to me that the stated justifications are post-hoc. But no, I've never been detained for more than a couple minutes. Cargo pants and a t-shirt usually. Well, this is all terrible. They mention having to use the nightly or developers releases instead of their walled garden versions. But both of those are unstable and very crashy. And how likely are they to keep the unbranded version up and updated as time goes on? And getting rid of the entire firefox add-ons community is just insane. The add-ons are what makes firefox good. It's why people use Firefox. I guess if they just want us to use Chrome this series of changes will work great. Have you used it? After I heard about the changes coming down the line in 41 a week or so back I immediately downloaded it and started configuring it to be my new main browser. The only problem was that it crashed constantly. It's just anecdotal but my personal experience backs up what I've said here. That's true. But that isn't what most users care about regarding this change. Just look at these comment threads: users care about the power-user extensions being forced out. There's a definite drop of support. Firefox is dropping the add-ons that made it special. The title now is just spin. Tell it to NoScript. Your website now doesn't render text unless javascript is enabled. This is bad design. Stop it. You can do this kind of thing yourself with a $10 rtlsdr dvbt dongle, NMEA GPS, laptop and various software. The most commonly used is Eartoearoak's rtlsdr-scanner: http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner NW0W has also done a lot of work on mapping powerline interference with rtlsdr dongles in multiple blog posts. An older represenative example is at: http://blog.dxers.info/2015/01/driveby-system-live-on-road.h... tautology2 showed his visualization implementation + code over at: https://www.reddit.com/r/RTLSDR/comments/2hbjyt/gsm_heatmap_... They're all (except the detail thumbnails) initally loaded as a blank.png and then substituted in with javascript for absolutely no reason. That kind of thing gets me to close the tab real fast. Except he didn't sell drugs at all. He ran a marketplace. It might be just me but I can't figure out how to even start compiling this to test it out on linux. That said, I'm always happy to see alternatives to Festival TTS. Hopefully it'll become a bit more user friendly in time. Flite is not Festival. It is a very cut down version for embedded machines. If a US national security letter with a gag were used it wouldn't show up here. You seem to be certain that the people targeted are actually "officers in an insurgency". After reading "The Drone Papers." stories I don't think we can take that as a given. The issue here is not so much the invasive tracking and such. That's bad but it is private land. The issue is that millions of dollars of taxpayers' money is being used to pay for things on private land as if it were public. I used terraserver to manually download the entire tile set for my town (right click, save as). Then I laboriously used Photoshop 5 to align and remove the watermarks. It took an entire week but by the end I had a clean ~150 MB jpg that I could scroll around in as needed. Huh. It seems like the justice system has been as corrupt as it is currently for a long time. "Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site." Sorry but your website needs HTML for readers to care. Direct democracy is great but it has problems. Even though I'm a technical user and early bitcoin adopter I still don't understand enough about the protocol itself to decide between the proposed solutions to transaction rate scaling. So I just end up running, and implicitly supporting, the core client from my distro's repositories. Then implement them in a way that allows for graceful fall back to just text, etc. They should've gone with hydrogen peroxide based monopropellant linear actuators. Unfortunately Canonical has stopped putting that time and effort into the desktop OS and is instead concentrating on mobile/tablet "convergence". Just wait until 16 is released and they switch over the desktop repos to their in house package system for phones: Snappy. That said, existing Ubuntu releases that still use Debian style packages are what I'd recommend (and what I use) too. I understand why they are going walled garden. Non-technical users cannot be trusted to control their browser. But Mozilla should know if they do this then I, a technical user, won't use their browser. I am not an extension developer but it's a rare month when I don't find myself popping open an .xpi to make changes to the JS and HTML for personal aesthetics; or bugs only I have. Temporarily loading extensions is not a solution. They say they'll be producing an "unbranded" non-walled garden version that for technical users but no such build has been revealed yet. And if they do make it the unbranded version won't be in my OS repos. This walled garden, the addition of Adobe EME/DRM, the bundling of "Pocket", and the incoming drop of XUL based extensions are too much. "Chrome did it." isn't an excuse. It makes it worse, actually. Developer edition is "Aurora". Aurora is alpha. Alphas have more bugs. It's not reasonable to tell me to use an alpha. Yes. When Firefox first announced their plans for the walled garden back near FF37/38 I did as everyone said and tried Aurora. It crashed on me twice in as many hours. I'm pretty hard on browsers since I typically have 200+ tabs loaded. That never happens with final release versions. Nope. I use Pale Moon. It's an actively developed full fork of Firefox. All my extensions work in it. It's more Firefox than Firefox these days. What's going to prevent malware authors from making a bunch of AMO accounts and signing their malware if it's so easy and automated? It's official. Aurora is explicitly alpha. When they bump the version number Nightly turns into Aurora turns into Beta turns into Release. Both this and the still to be delivered "Black-Swift" are minimal single board computers using the AR9331. It should be similar to the Black-Swift's power specs, "Power consumption: 120 mA typical (400 MHz CPU frequency, Wi-Fi enabled), 60 mA in energy-saving mode (200 MHz, Wi-Fi disabled), 300 mA max" This is at 5v so ~1.5w max. If you wanted to use even moderate power USB2 peripherals instead of the SD card reader you'd have to inject external 5v power. This is another terrible article citing studies from ancient history that confuse incentive salience (wanting) mediated by the dopamimergic systems with the mostly gabaergic pleasure (liking). Don't waste your time. The ideas proposed in this Huffington Post article have been known to be wrong for almost 40 years now. edit Apparently it's an excerpt from his 2011 book and he's a professor at a university. There's no excuse for him spreading this bullshit. If you're interested in the actual neuroscience of pleasure then check out the publications from Kent Berridge's lab: http://lsa.umich.edu/psych/research&labs/berridge/Publicatio... Stick to the reviews if your neuroscience jargon is not strong. There's a few of them that are written for the laymen. This needs more electrostatic solar sails and fission fragment rockets. It was shown. It lasted for a bit less than a second. They are not running it longer right now because they cannot handle the thermal load. Thanks for this. It'll do for my router until a new firmware is out. I tried the above but --connbyte takes a range as input not a single value. Like, "512:8192" or "512:" for "greater than 512". In practice "512:" is interpreted as "512:4294967295". So it ends up looking like, iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p udp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP iptables -t filter -A INPUT -p tcp --sport 53 -m connbytes --connbytes 512: --connbytes-dir reply --connbytes-mode bytes -j DROP Opera hasn't been Opera since version 12. I think this is the tldr; When operations use the (Intel) CPU cache they complete detectably faster than when using system RAM. When OpenSSL performs an encryption/decryption (five squaring operations followed by one multiplication) it divides up which cache banks it uses by multiplier number. If an attacker on the same system has filled the CPU cache banks they can detect which section of the cache bank has been written to and how long it takes. That information and knowledge of the OpenSSL cache use obfuscation scheme give the attacker the multiplier numbers used for encryption. LE is okay but the 90 day limit puts me off. It's so much easier to do a self-signed for 10 years. The problem with self-signed certs isn't intrinsic to them, it's a problem with browsers scaremongering for the lowest common denominator. For my mail server which only I use, my websites which only technical people visit, etc, there's no reason to deal with the hassle of LE. >In order to successfully trigger the vulnerability, an attacker must be able to send a data message of more than 5.5 gigabytes to a victim Well, at least it's not trivial. The reprojection will necessarily introduce artifacts related to head movement in general. But particularly head movement in space rather than orientation. The PC HMD version of reprojection is called async timewarp. It only tracks and compensates for head orientation and not absolute position. The same will be true for PSVR's reprojection. https://developer.oculus.com/blog/asynchronous-timewarp-exam... More Rift than Vive applications have options to enable asynchronous timewarp but most applications on both sides don't bother. If you're using the cell phone network you're using a cell phone. Even if it's only providing network connectivity to your computer. My personal solution for using my laptop around town is to to use the 915 MHz ISM band for transverted wifi. Hills and valleys are a big problem but line of sight is not needed in terms of buildings or trees. At max I get about 3km range from my home station to my car at 50 Mb/s. At minimum a bad valley can cause the connection to drop within 300m of my home station. But generally it works around town. It'll obviously never work as well, or as far ranging, as the cell network. But it is private and it's nice not being tracked. As a user I can can explain. I was unhappy with Mozilla implementing a walled garden for their extensions. I am not an extension dev but it's a rare month where I don't pop open an xpi and edit something to my personal preferences. In a walled garden I can't do that. They are taking control of the browser away from me. Their choice to implement the W3C's disasterous digital rights managment technology in the form of EME was too much. At the very minimum including this DRM in the browser opens up any devs or researchers trying to port to other platforms/OS to legal liability and attack. Additionally Mozilla's choice to bake in bloatware like Pocket is very unpleasant. Basically every time I do a fresh install of Firefox I have to go through a long series of config to de-bullshit it (ref: https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Palemoon is more Firefox than Firefox these days. The changes are architectural but also ethical. I particularly don't like Firefox switching to a walled garden for extensions, adding digital rights management black boxes, baking in commercial software like Pocket, intending to abandon XUL for better security of non-technical users. But there's also much more ( https://gist.github.com/haasn/69e19fc2fe0e25f3cff5 ). Your implication that he's calling it a unique new browser is either intentionally disengenous or confused. A "browser product" is a product made from an existing browser: Firefox. There's nothing in the linked post that presents it how you do. Pale Moon's fork fixes some important ethical (and aesthetic) issues I have with Firefox's current direction. I'm glad that both (and icecat, iceweasel, etc) can coexist because they're open source. Re-forking from a later version seems reasonable to me since not that many people think the above issues are important. As the post said, there aren't enough contributors to keep up with the evolving web. Re-baseing from an acceptable later Firefox version would give me another few years of breathing room. The only part of this I don't agree with is the existing Firefox extension ecosystem not being compatible with the new Pale Moon. But I guess as Firefox abandons them the value of the old ecosystem dimishes. Not being able to install or edit my own extensions without Mozilla's approval is not a light increment in control. It crosses a very distinct line. Using an alpha (developer) or unstable nightly is not a reasonable alternative. Now if they actually produce the unbranded version of Firefox like they keep saying they will it'll be a start. In case anyone is wondering there are 540 images before it loops back to the first image. http://www.ospo.noaa.gov/data/sst/anomaly/2016/anomnight.3.2... - Here's relevant ocean temperature anomaly map. Predict away. This is not a desktop application. The browser chrome, which is required, is a desktop application. This is a browser extension. Not worth the time. Use Retroshare instead. An interesting partial survey but I'm confused. If it's going to include future tech like anti-matter and fusion I'm really surprised they'd leave out currently feasible propulsion systems like electrostatic sails or fission fragment rocket engines. And ultra dense deuterium? That's not even verified peer-reviewed science. That's fringe. You don't need to be convicted or even charged with a crime for police or the feds to steal all of your computer equipment and never return it. They're doing it without high price rare earth magnets. Wind generators and some aspects of solar cells use rare earth metals. The big advance of this particular company is not using rare earth magnets. I agree but that's a bad example. Macs are notoriously expensive for the performance they deliver. What browsers don't allow people to visit a site, or use certain features, without HTTPS? I've never run into such an issue but I only use Firefox forks these days. I agree with the problems of LetsEncrypt and other CA though. That's why I run all my sites on self signed certs. I don't need to prove my site's identity securely. I just need to put in a speed bump against easy sniffing. If they can't see through the browser scaremongering my websites are probably not going to be useful to them. If it's too much of a hassle hopefully they'll reconsider their browser choice. I am the change I want to see. It just saves me the hassle of intentionally blocking bad browsers. Even if I could get over it using Chrome as it's runtime environment requiring a phone number is a deal breaker. Stop using/requiring phone system in internet based instant messengers. He's doing great and useful work, there's no doubt. But requiring a phone number for an internet instant messenger is still a deal breaker even with Chromium as an alternative. It's really frustrating how much the web, software, and computers in general are being gimped for everyone just to support the "mobile" segment of the market. If my ISP's support agent knew what peering was I'd try to wake up because I'd know I was dreaming. Does this require a phone number like the rest of Open Whisper Systems products? I use Pale Moon, a firefox fork. I currently have ~200 tabs loaded (in a session with ~500 tabs) and it's only using 2.7 GB of RAM. > ... even though fairly close to Gecko-based browsers like Mozilla Firefox in the way it works, is based on a different layout engine and offers a different set of features. It aims to provide close adherence to official web standards and specifications in its implementation (with minimal compromise), and purposefully excludes a number of features to strike a balance between general use, performance, and technical advancements on the Web. Sexual misconduct claims seem to be the go-to for attacking providers of technological solutions to censorship. Oh boy. A blank, black webpage. Tab closed. > ... if LTE and Wi-Fi networks are forced to share the same channel ... at worst degrade the Wi-Fi performance as if there were another Wi-Fi network sharing the channel. All Our Shared Spectrum Are Belong to Us [32c3] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cZxMg8shbA#t=1193 Unfortunately that's not true in implementation because LTE-U doesn't know or care about the wifi channel announce timings. By piping up whenever it wants to wifi throughput actually degrades more than 70% at minimum LTE-U duty cycle spec (50%) and up to almost completely, ~99% reduction, at max allowed LTE-U duty cycle (90%) spec. No matter what they say this is a spectrum grab and LTE-U will degrade 5 GHz wifi to the point of being unusable. Well, Tribes was released in 1998. The best part of POWER8 is the ability to flash and verify the CPU firmware using a completely open toolchain. All modern Intel and AMD processors have secret sauce signed firmware (that can even access and use the network). You can't ever be sure what is running on them internally. POWER8 is a secure architecture even in the case of an NSA targeted hardware intercept during shipping. You can just reflash with known/verified good firmware when you get it. The available software to do the automatic 90 day cert renewals don't work on anything but the latest operating systems. Go back a handful of years and they just crap out. Sure. And the tooling only exists pre-made for modern operating systems. If you run anything even a handful of years old there's no support and you have to do it by hand. It's neat to see some of my tor domains show up in https://github.com/automatingosint/osint_public/blob/master/... . There's even the unicode art I put in my http headers in the resulting json entry. Session files of tabs are also better than bookmarks since they save per-tab history so you can see how you arrived somewhere. The per-tab process switch is bad for users like us (I have 300+ tabs right now) but what is even worse in FF48 is the implementation of a walled garden for extensions. Bookmarks don't save the per-tab history. With tab sessions you can go back and see what search terms and sites you used to get somewhere. Nope. I bought an HTC Vive because Valve promised linux support. It's 5+ months since release and there's still not even a hint that they're working on it. It was a huge mistake to buy hardware based on promises of software support. In a cashless society all transactions are controlled and monitored by third parties. There is no potential for individual volition except at the whim of those controlling the systems. Cryptocurrencies will mitigate this slightly but the loss of cash is going to be a huge blow to the individual. Try donating to wikileaks with a credit card. Try buying porn with paypal. Your strawman of sudden total control is silly. This frog will be boiled slowly. Install a neutered pirate version instead of using your license. rtl_power frequency hops at about 80 MHz/s max. You can use https://github.com/xmikos/qspectrumanalyzer or many other rtl_power frontends to see it in real time as you point the antenna. For windows there's https://github.com/pavels/spektrum Another approach seen on hackernews in the past had an omnidirectional antenna and used GPS tagging to make heatplots at different frequencies overlayed on a map. ref: http://www.tautology2.net/heatmap/ It uses the http://eartoearoak.com/software/rtlsdr-scanner software.