There are likely some blacklists for known fingerprinting libraries. But, there's nothing that can tell you for sure, because it is also possible to fingerprint entirely server-side using the information your browser voluntarily transmits or contextual information about your connection. Edit: nevermind, it seems that “state broadcaster” implies more than I thought. > The only time a voltage sufficient enough to kill you, doest kill you, is when it is only present for an extremely small amount of time and/or not traversing your heart. The reason this is the case is because your initial premise is incorrect. Power kills you. Power equals work divided by time. This is why huge voltages over short periods of time don’t kill you. If you are suggesting that we aren’t able to say we’re at all time lows due to a lack of good long term historical information, then you also can’t draw the opposite conclusion that we _aren’t_ at at an all time low. We simply don’t know. But I’d bet it’s highly unlikely that a lack of measurement and/or recording led to better results. I do agree that trust is probably at pretty low levels — exactly because communication is more accessible than any time in history and therefore people have more opportunity to question authority. But a lack in trust doesn’t translate directly to violence. I think that people are becoming very complacent with distrust. The daily media barrage of reasons to distrust so many things has reached the point where it doesn’t cause outrage anymore. It has convinced some people that distrust is normal. Ease of maintenance is rarely a marketable feature in mass-market consumer products, and most often is deprioritized. A good risk assessment starts by evaluating possible attack vectors before they’re exploited. If you wait until they’re actively exploited, you might find yourself dealing with an incident response instead. Another big component of risk is trustworthiness. You might evaluate a vendor’s reputation, test/qa processes, support channels, and the legal environment they operate in. If you don’t even know who the vendor is, that’s a big barrier to establishing much trust. Not necessarily. Validating the authentication labels on a device might give someone enough confidence they can trust it for their particular threat model. While resellers add a definite uncertainty to the security of the supply chain, I think most people would find them to be more trustworthy than a counterfeiting manufacturer. I doubt intel is doing that in this case, as we’re talking about a NIC and not a DRM enforcement mechanism. ...but even if they are, checking a firmware checksum only mitigates risk if you otherwise trust the hardware. Counterfeit silicon could report back whatever your driver wants to hear. And even the presence of a a genuine intel chipset with genuine firmware doesn’t mean there isn’t a malicious component elsewhere on the board. There’s tons of counterfeit silicon out there. Most of them are just cheap approximations or copies of premium components with the motive to make a profit on their sale, but there’s not much preventing any of them from intentionally or unintentionally compromising their hardware. The popularity of programmable silicon and the standardization of silicon package sizes make this super cheap and easy to do as well. A static page is very cheap to implement, if the implementation has no other context. Large organizations have implementation costs and considerations outside of IT, however. I’m sure they could also change their revenue model, but that costs exponentially more than just changing the website to be a static page. Americans tend to relocate very often, relatively speaking to the rest of the world, IIRC. I think there may be some inherent sample biasing going on. I’m here because some European dude a few generations ago decided to move halfway around the world for a chance at a different opportunity, and I’d bet that influenced the risk tolerance of his kids as well. That depends on whether or not the employee is FLSA exempt or non-exempt. You can already opt out of that system, but you have to pay for that privilege. There is already a good number of lending options available to the many (millions?) of people disenfranchised from the traditional banking system. Usually that means offering strong collateral. But the terms of those options aren’t too great because trustworthiness and risk have a strong negative correlation. And those who can prove their trustworthiness almost always prefer to do that rather than pay extra. Doesn't the statement go both ways? How do you tell that a remote phone is in your contact list? > You definitely don't want to run your RDBMS on Kubernetes If you’re targeting AWS you’re probably better off using their solution, but you can totally run your database on k8s. And for some uses it’s even a good idea. It appears that rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure binds even unnamed parties of a class action suit, unless they exclude themselves from an eligible suit. https://civilprocedure.uslegal.com/class-action/binding-natu... I think that’s a good compromise. BTW, it’s actually pretty common in many US states for pharmacists to be required by law to fill prescriptions with their generic equivalents. According to the article, these experiments have already been done in the US before. Pronoun ambiguity strikes again. Yes, that’s what I was referring to, human-animal embryonic experimentation. > Imagine if it were legal for companies to pass something off as a "bank account" when they weren't actually a bank. Robinhood’s attempt at checking accounts come to mind... https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2018/12/14/sipc-hea... I don’t think the difference is due to income directly, but more to do with class/social expectations. Eating is a very social activity, and the way people eat is strongly linked to their individual and group identity. Healthy eating simply isn’t prioritized by some people/groups, and others don’t value it at all. And (the original) Windows Mobile. What do you mean by 'secure'? I just ran panopticlick in a fresh installation of Chrome on Windows in incognito mode. It returned a near-unique fingerprint with >14 bits of estimated entropy. Of course, that makes total sense, because many of the factors that can identify your system have little to do with the browser, but are determined by the underlying system: fonts, display, date/time information, graphics fingerprints, etc. That still won't work. Most people don't have 'extreme' privacy settings, so you'll again be unique. To resist fingerprinting, you want your setup to be as generic as possible. This is one reason why it's important that browser vendors need to tackle this issue by setting privacy focused defaults. To do this well, you have to take special care with how exactly you obscure them. If your browser refuses to report those values, or sends junk values, then you might actually make the problem worse. It's the internet version of this: https://xkcd.com/1105/ There will undoubtably be many thousands of travelers who show up unaware or unprepared for this. Do these people now have to purchase a reusable bottle if they’d like to carry around a water with them? I sure hope this doesn’t end up backfiring and creating more waste. Reusable bottles can consist of an order of magnitude or more plastic than a disposable water bottle, and if people aren’t reusing that bottle after they leave the airport, this might not actually lead to a reduction in waste. Guns have existed for hundreds of years. Why is this just becoming a problem recently? Employment law is a mixed state and federal issue. There are some very significant federal employment protections, such as the Civil Rights Act. Don’t Teslas have a few fluid systems, like coolant and brake fluid? Maybe they removed the vowels so that a randomly generated key doesn’t have any unexpected words in it? > why invent a cure, when you could instead invent a lifelong treatment? Here’s two reasons: 1. Because consumers will likely prefer a cure to a lifelong treatment 2. Because your lifelong treatment is going to be out of patent before you can collect on a lifetime of purchases. Terrorism is in the FBI’s jurisdiction to investigate, so it makes sense they would be involved to determine whether or not terrorism was involved. It also appears some federal legislation has been passed that directs the FBI to provide assistance to state authorities in this cases: https://www.fbi.gov/about/partnerships/office-of-partner-eng... Mostly the former. There’s nothing expensive about decapping a chip and tossing it under an electron microscope. Did they mean expensive to produce, or an expensive price tag (or both)? The Volt was a good car, but it was a $17,000 premium over something like the Prius when it launched. Even with price cuts for later model years, it was still not an easy sell for a buyer focused on economy. I think it would have sold a lot better if they had positioned it as a more upscale vehicle to match the asking price, or at least had given it some other value proposition beyond economy. I've never been able to figure out exactly who the target market for the Volt was. Literally every engineering project has to balance cost vs quality. Typically, “planned obsolescence” refers to an intentional defect that is artificially added in order to prematurely cause a failure. However, that doesn’t mean every failure is a result of planned obsolescence — defects can also can be expected under the normal course of a product’s lifetime. Premium product lifetimes are a result of premium materials and construction, which cost a premium price. Choosing the correct materials to balance the expected lifetime along with other performance and price characteristics is good engineering practice, not malice. GM used to make a Tahoe Hybrid. It was okay, but I think the price premium was a bit much for the economy gain. It also doesn’t help that the units of “miles per gallon” are not linear with consumption. A improvement from 10 to 15 mpg doesn’t sound nearly as impressive as an improvement from 20 to 60 mpg... but unintuitively, over 20,000 miles, it’s the same amount of fuel savings. Not necessarily. There's the added complexity of having an additional electric powertrain, but many this enables many hybrids to concurrently remove the transmission that a conventional ICE car would have. Prii didn't get their reputation for reliability by being unnecessarily complicated. Of course EVs are obviously simpler, but I'm not sure I'd say a Prius is more complicated than many ICE vehicles of today. Twin turbos and 10 speed autos aren't something exotic anymore -- those are available on the base trim of the F150. Preposterous! While the LG Smart Refrigerator, powered by SmartThinQ® technology, is certainly a premium product at an excellent price, I don’t think there’s any evidence here to show that the upstanding employees of the LG Corporation are behind any of these tweets. They probably wouldn’t know what it is or why they shouldn’t use it if they’re being introduced to the word via the Notes app. Because of age appropriateness. Guns are only sold to adults, and the only media censored in the US is that which is broadcast publicly to audiences of all ages. Nudity has been in US movies for 50+ years. Many platforms for children do already censor swears that are typed. > every movie star Is SAG-AFTRA prominent outside of the US? > Let the media center detect airbag deployment on CAN bus, then play a pre-saved quarter second audio sample at a fixed volume. That would be too late, according to the description in the OP. As a person with a motorcycle, I’m glad I’ve seen at least two people suggest only scanning cars :) > Here, I drive up to the pump, grab the right nozzle, fill up, go inside to the cash register and pay. That was exactly how it worked in the US until about 20 years ago. But then stations started to require prepayment because there were a number of people skipping that important final step. Why not simply bury it? Plastic is pretty intert and non-toxic. Wouldn’t that be much better in terms of carbon sequestration? Given that 'malware' is short for 'malicious software', one might make a semantic argument that DRM is actually anti-malware , as it prevents other software from operating maliciously. Copyright infringement is undoubtedly a malicious act under the law in most places. Any kind of security, authentication, or encryption software ever written was done so to "limit what you can do", so I don't think that is enough to constitute maliciousness. That being said, many DRM software implementations have been known to go beyond just protecting the rights of the content creators, and that's a different story. The vast majority of places in the world recognize the right for a creator to exclusively reproduce their creative works for a period of time so that they may enjoy profit from their creativity. That may be semantically different than “ownership”, but is otherwise functionally irrelevant in the context of this conversation. Many SV companies, and certainly tons of corporate America are subject to the same (or worse) criticisms. The concept of copyright absolutely does have a rational basis in scarcity. Creative works take a substantial investment of time and/or money to create. The idea that creators shouldn't have the right to control their works is wildly radical -- even more than the FSF's view. Even the concept of copyleft relies on the right of the creator to impose licensing on their creative works. If copyrights didn't exist, licenses that require source to be shared, like GPL, couldn't exist. You're well entitled to your opinion, but I'm glad the world doesn't work that way, because things like the restrictive clauses in GPL have been very good for the world. Do they need you to take them seriously in order to support their revenue stream? Yes, that's how everything is valued. This is why transaction data is used to determine valuations of just about anything. > I already said people who create things should be paid for that labor—or more to the point, have to be paid if you want them to continue to create things. > There are better ways. Like what, paying for labor instead of the work itself? That may work well (and already does) for more commoditized/custom-purpose/one-time-use creative works, but how do we apply something like that to something like recorded-media entertainment? Prepay for Taylor Swift's next album on Kickstarter? Here’s the second sentence on that page: > This card is constructed with stainless steel on the front and carbon in the back. Have you used their rewards program? You'll usually carry some sort of a balance to do so, and many people use the program. I thought the same thing. I fill my Starbucks balance up with a credit card, and I earn points on that. And that money is basically a 30 day free loan anyway. It's basically a leveraged investment payable in coffee with almost zero risk. The first column, which is about production, doesn’t use that value. Yes, we're aware. The entire article linked in the OP is a direct response to Google's claims about fighting fingerprinting. The argument made by the Princeton researchers here is that Google's claims are not likely to result in good user privacy. Semantically speaking, the elements that could be used to compose a fingerprint is not the same as fingerprinting. If I write a page that uses user agent / resolution to serve up a layout -- that's not fingerprinting. Fingerprinting would be if I tried to identify a particular user with those elements. I think the problem you're trying to illustrate is that it is difficult for a browser to determine what the requesting site intends to do with those parameters. The browser doesn't know if you want canvas access to draw a pretty picture, or if you want canvas access to perform identification of the user. > Ask who the competitors are, and what happens if we come in second place. See if you buy the answer. I suspect you won’t hear anything convincing. That’s kind of a silly and easily-answered question by itself, especially for tech. If you asked anyone with a minimal business background they’d have an easy answer for that: it’s a strategy leveraging first-mover advantage. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-mover_advantage In tech, there are tons of historical instances of imperfect implementations gaining high market share because of first-mover advantage. It’s a really effective tech strategy. Switching costs, vendor lock-in, and technical debt are huge driving forces for this. How is real-world throughput across the internet? I have a gigabit pipe that works just fine on a speed test, but most real-world usage doesn’t go that fast because of bottlenecks elsewhere. Not to imply that you are, but I prefer to embrace nuance rather than neglect it myself by dismissing misunderstandings of it. WiFi is a lot like a microwave, just with some important differences. WiFi is just modulated and about 1/1000th the power. There are real reasons why SAR regulations exist. I blame the misunderstanding squarely on journalists who picked up early stories about SAR limit studies and did an awful job of explaining them. I’m not sure the US should allocate resources to do that either. But that’s irrelevant, all countries have an interest in the success of their industry, and the strength of their utility infrastructure. These things have been a matter of political interest for millennia. Frequency of use doesn’t equate to importance. Example: checking 100 phone notifications about spam email is probably less important to society than a radio alert about a tornado warning. Besides the simple economic downsides of not selling the product, there are concerns about implementing critical infrastructure with a more nebulous chain-of-custody or engineering governance model. Companies that manufacture critical infrastructure within one's own legal/political jurisdiction(s) can be held accountable -- whereas those actions wouldn't be as possible for those outside of that jurisdiction. Or to put it more bluntly -- cyber warfare has been going strong for at least a couple of decades now and has only escalated in recent years. Or, as I suggested, they simply misunderstand. It's not a difficult analogy to respond to. Many people have microwaves, and they're safe, even though they even leak some of their radiation. We have standards for microwave emissions just like we have standards for wifi power limits. There's something to be said about the utility of old analog systems during emergency situations -- which is part of the responsibility of the FCC to account for. Dead phones and offline towers are not unheard of in disaster situations. For example: https://twitter.com/CarmenScurato/status/910957644256546817 The big difference here is that Audible is an audio-book seller which has licensing agreements with publishers, and they are commercially offering the text transcription. Those publishers probably don't have much leverage against third parties who make tools for personal use. Making copies for personal use is legal, as is manufacturing devices which can make copies. I figure the Android functionality is probably legal given this case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_Corp._of_America_v._Unive... . Not unless the reader assumes that money equates directly to quality of life. America doesn't really have a reputation for wise spending habits and relaxed working habits. The problem is that social programs in the US are extremely [fragmented]( https://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/i... ), and a well designed program has to work in aggregate. Any solution to this has to be cooperative between federal/state/local authorities, but given that welfare programs are one of the most politically charged topics in the US, there's little chance that this cooperation will happen. I thought federal law required mass market vehicle manufacturers to make parts available for 10 years? Am I mistaken or did Tesla manufacture these under some low-volume exception? Because for every person who signs up and causes them a loss, there’s dozens of others enticed by the same rewards programs who make them a profit. Credit card companies aren’t having any problems being profitable. I would imagine the number of people who only purchase things that are in the 5% category on their card is extremely small. 1. Because those people who were enticed by that program might no be enticed to sign up in the first place if it says “5% cash back (unless you take advantage of this in which case we cancel your account)” 2. I bet government regulators might be a bit peeved by a company that systematically cancels customer accounts for behavior which is within the advertised terms of the agreement. Usually regulators frown upon luring customers in with an advertisement for a product/service and then purposefully sidestepping said product/service. 3. It’s probably such a small number of customers that’s it’s just not even worth their time. I’m fairly certain that it is not worth their efforts to cancel those accounts, evidenced by the fact that they either don’t do it, or the number of customers it affects is so vanishingly small that neither of us are aware of the practice. If you believe so strongly that it is worthwhile for them to do this, then perhaps you have an idea for a lucrative career. But as long as credit card fraud in the US is measured in billions, I’m going to guess that any manpower which can be assigned there is way more lucrative than any manpower assigned to demonizing their honest customers. Are there any of those that are 5%? If so I’m very interested. I feel like this author has not experienced living in a city where there was not enough parking to meet demand, and not enough public transit to make up the difference. It causes its own set of horrible problems. People will not give up their car if they still need it to go to work. You have to have the public transportation system before you remove parking spaces. Otherwise you’re going to make the problem worse , not better. If you remove parking first, people are going to avoid dense areas even more, which is the opposite of what you want to solve this issue. You want to encourage people to live and work in denser areas, not encourage them to move further away. On top of that, you’ll get illegal parking which causes property damage and poses risks to public safety. I have a hunch that any authority who blocks roads in LA to prevent traffic from flowing won’t have much of a successful career in politics. Even just plain old ground-level outdoor paved spaces often need rainwater management structures to meet code, which can easily cost more than the pavement itself. If you remove parking before the transit problem is solved, you’re going to make the problem worse by further discouraging density. People will continue to use whatever transit that works to get them to the places they need to go. If you block drivers from accessing an area without any alternatives , you’re simply going to kill any economic activity in that area long before anyone demands transit. People will individually seek alternatives elsewhere to continue their daily activities before they organize and demand political change. People will always make decisions based on where they need to go today . A building with no parking and no public transit, doesn’t have a bunch of people hanging around it demanding a 10 year transit project. They don’t have 10 years to wait. They need a place to work/shop/live today. Busses and commercial traffic also use and require roads. They don’t exist just for those commuting by car. ROT13 of course, designed to Roman military specifications. My mistake, ROT-13 is actually beyond military grade :D I wonder what happens when you Venmo a dead person. Given other stories I've heard about the difficulty of resolving problematic payments over Venmo with no recourse, I bet they don't have much of a robust system in place for resolving that either. Banking controls are expensive. It's cheap when you simply don't have them. Easy. Google’s CEO runs an advertising company. You assumption is that the app has two functions functions: sending and receiving email. It actually only has one function, put eyes in front of ads. Only if you are rolling around without a highly reflective license plate. In the example thread above, people are reacting by complaining about the problem. If they reacted by switching email providers, they wouldn’t be in that thread. I highly doubt Gmail’s active user count is affected by any more than a minuscule amount as a result. Those users aren't paying customers. Besides, it does appear to be a corner case. It has ~200 upvotes. Gmail has 1.5 billion users. That's 1 in 7,500,000. If every single one of them quits using Gmail, and they tell all of their friends, and all of their friends quit using Gmail , Google will still be able to tell their paying customers that those ads reach 1.5 billion users. > There’s no waste associated with putting an electric motor in a durable good that would potentially last 25-50 years. If that were the engineering goal, they would be able to achieve it while adding a very marginal cost to the bom. Now, when you don’t stop at just the condenser motor, and apply that line of reasoning to every part on the BOM, your appliance now costs double the competition. You can buy these appliances today, they’re designed for commercial use. > It's weird that repairability (either right to repair, or simply technical feasibility) has been a huge topic for at least 10 years in cars, mobile phones, home appliances, etc. And yet i haven't seen any end-user product really advertising it. 99% of people don’t want to repair their appliances. They either “don’t want it to break”, or want it to be repaired by someone else. A product labeled “commercial grade! 10 year warranty!” will always massively outsell a product labeled “user serviceable! Schematics included!” I have a feeling that's more to do with some people's reluctance to admit they were wrong about their initial conclusion, and so they cherry pick the facts to support their initial conclusion. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choice-supportive_bias Possibly they would have drawn a different conclusion if given all the facts to being with. It's hard for many to admit they were wrong. You're being silly. All you have established is that cars and cameras are very different things governed by different laws. The point others were making is much more simple: neither DSLRs or purpose-built sports cars are particularly convenient for casual utilitarian use. People who buy both of these things lean more towards the 'hobbyist' side of things. You are absolutely right that there are many people who lug their DSLR everywhere. But I think you might be underestimating just how many people actually do go to racetracks. Of course, some people own fancy things as status symbols. But also, hobbyists don't have to continually "exploit the capabilities" of their hobby to be legitimate hobbyists either. Spills are a normal and expected occurrence in the course of life. I've spilled coffee on myself before, but I've never needed 8 days in the hospital as a result. It is also worth noting that the court in this case did not assign full responsibility to McDonald's; your point was certainly considered in this case. You are mistaken. Free classes like this are common at hospitals in the US. Not paid by insurance... free. Do a quick search and I’m sure you’ll find plenty. They’re typically called “community wellness” or “community education” programs. The era of 'supersize me' fast food marketing is long gone. Most fast food restaurants are not targeting that specific of a market anymore, they're aiming at a much large cross-section of the population. A better example would be an all-you-can-eat buffet. If anyone is having issues loading this site like me -- it looks like DNSSEC for this site isn't validating properly. https://dnssec-analyzer.verisignlabs.com/wattenberger.com Specifically targeting a population, and the coincidental demographics of that population are two entirely different things. That 70% is part of the 100% which they are actually targeting, but only coincidentally. There are plenty of fast food ads targeting health-conscious consumers. You could also point out that 70% of Americans are also Christian, but that doesn't mean every company that sells to Americans specifically targets Christian customers... ...also, most large fast food companies also have a significant presence in multiple countries. They're following the US government's own (very good) standard: NIST 800-63. It specifically bans most of these dumb practices listed in the OP. No 'security questions', no password hints, no special character or other composition rules, no short character limits, no routine expiration dates. The main idea is: let the user make the password they want, require two factor, and run their password against a list of known compromised passwords to make sure they don't pick something stupid. You’re right, I must have totally misread that page I linked. My resolver was returning a bogus result, I toggled DNSSEC validation, and didn’t dig much further. Looks like it‘s an issue with my resolver on this domain. Odd, because I haven’t touched my configuration in ages and I haven’t seen this problem before. Yeah, there’s a lot of misinformation all around here. Not to mention that production cars have a lot different dynamics than an f1 car. They’re designed with very different chassis goals in mind, so they’re going to exhibition very different behaviors around a track. I have a few days experience on track with an SCCA instructor. Braking late and at maximum deceleration is the basic idea, but braking can do lots of things and be used lots of ways. A light application of braking is sometimes important, not to slow the vehicle, but just to transfer weight to the front wheels before a turn. Also, it is possible to use light braking to induce some rotation mid-turn, especially in an FWD vehicle like a Leaf that will likely exhibit significant understeer. Driving a car around a real track is humbling for the first time. The first event I was at, some instructor was taking a few laps with his personal Chevy Volt, and he was effortlessly passing students in a variety of high dollar sports cars. It is very common for employment offer letters in the US to clearly specify that employment is offered at will . This status has slightly different exceptions by jurisdiction, but in general, it means the agreement can be terminated at any time by either party. Most people summarize this as "you can be fired for no reason", because that's the most commonly discussed scenario. But, your employer doesn't have to terminate your employment to terminate your employment agreement . http://www.ncsl.org/research/labor-and-employment/at-will-em... > At-will also means that an employer can change the terms of the employment relationship with no notice and no consequences. For example, an employer can alter wages, terminate benefits, or reduce paid time off. Now, they can't do this retroactively, but they can do it with zero notice. They wouldn't be subject to HIPAA, but they would be subject to GINA. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_Information_Nondiscrim... That seems like a lot of money compared to existing prefab options. For the same or less money, why not use something designed to be a dwelling to begin with?