It's also an interactive proof, nobody can store this proof with the balls for other colour blind people to review later. You should be able to use LLVMs libc++ with GCC, just like you can currently use GNU libstdc++ with Clang. I work this out to be about 180 Mhash/J, which is 80-100x more energy efficient than any GPU mining. Also, for anyone wondering: At current difficulty and rate of exchange this will cost you Building any alternative data structure from an unsorted array will require O(n) time. If you only need to find something once, then a O(n) linear scan time is optimal. Would re-introducing a half-penny coin increase the money supply? No. Basically, as long as you maintain proportionality, you can re-denominate currency (or shares for that matter) at will. But what about a fair distribution of toppings? You're describing SRP. The problem, as always, is getting web browsers and web apps to support it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS-SRP What!? No demoscene music in my ? I don't see that being a problem, provided everything he wrote is simply a matter of fact. Perhaps I'm an optimist. I find it interesting that Opera are trying to claw back revenue on old innovations while seemingly stagnating. The rendering engine they're dumping in favour of WebKit is fast and slick. The number of new user visible features and the rate of releases has seemed sluggish to me for what must be 4 or 5 years. Doesn't sharing a virtual memory context with the GPU increase the cost of context switching? Also, which CPU core shares context with the GPU? Or are we talking about a fixed mapping (like the kernel)? Aberdeen is an independent city council http://www.aberdeencity.gov.uk http://www.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Those of us in the UK who voted for AV+ because we saw it as a step toward proportional representation thought that too. Then the notion that it was a half-baked solution was used as a weapon by the "No" campaign, and now voting reform is off the table entirely for the foreseeable future. Your numbers assume TCP will always be the dominant connection-oriented protocol. Explicit numeric types. Integers in particular. NaCL still outperforms asm.js You're basically describing Piqi: http://piqi.org/ Some language features do preclude some optimizations. For example, once you have dynamic typing you'll typically need a butt load of engineering effort to generate the fastest possible numerical computation. Now that people seem to want to do everything from crypto to image processing in Javascript, projects like JägerMonkey, v8 (method JITs) and asm.js have cropped up that show this is still an unsolved problem in many respects. One could easily make the case that Javascript is, in fact, becoming less and less suitable for the web. Is the eSRAM really that expensive in $ terms? Yield issues? I understood that SRAM was only really 'expensive' in that it chews up masses of die space (which isn't a bad bet going forward because there'll inevitably be a new version at some point with a smaller process) Maybe they want to own it so they can get exclusive control over the ads. The platform really allows many of the kinds of ad revenues Youtube can generate, so could be a sweet deal for both content owners and Yahoo. Namecheap did $1 transfers for Black Friday, which is as good as a renewal if you're already with someone else. Exploiting these offers can save you big if you're like me and have dozens of domains. That said, I wouldn't transfer my most important domains away from NearlyFreeSpeech.net to save a lowsy $6-7. One of my favourite modern regex libraries for C++ is Boost.Xpressive, which allows for parsing context-free grammars using recursively nested rules. After fighting with Boost.Spirit (a more formal parser framework) for some time, I achieved what I wanted with Xpressive in a fraction of the time. From the manual: The theoretical computer scientists out there will correctly point out that a self-referential regular expression is not "regular", so in the strict sense, xpressive isn't really a regular expression engine at all. But as Larry Wall once said, "the term [regular expression] has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines, so I'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here." The GNU C++ standard library still includes them as a non-standard extension. http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/latest-doxygen/a0006... You seem to know your shit. What resources do you follow to stay current with UK politics? Good distributed voting at scale is still an unsolved problem. Well, it is if you care about both the integrity of the vote and voter privacy. Pay someone enough and they'll come to you. Anyone who believes that a potential new partner with no reason to be loyal to you , and not held back by a confidentiality agreement, won't use your offer in negotiations with competitors is a fool. There were 150+ attendees, this was never going to be confidential. That said, CDBaby were foolish to think divulging these details wouldn't effect their potential business arrangement. They already do. Google have been publishing statistics and reports about this stuff for a while: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ None of this is relevant though. These are legal requests. The issue that people should remain focused on is whether or not the NSA has illegal , ongoing, unfettered access to wholesale data under PRISM or other programmes. Everybody here seems to be distracted. The law abiding requests disclosed here could still be served alongside a covert operation. This has no impact on the PRISM scandal. I was mostly referring to your initial post about Allegra Stratton and the various summaries of the MPs involved in this letter. I vaguely follow UK politics but being able to put news in to perspective, and recognise biases like this, is quite useful. It doesn't necessarily require a central bank, which everyone must be compelled to use, it just requires a banking system. If someone wishes to pay you, and happens to use a different bank to yourself, then your bank (whom you, admittedly, have to trust) can work on your behalf, directly with the sourcing bank, to claim the funds. There's quite good reason to trust in this system because our bank knows that the sourcing bank can identify double-spenders. The plus side of such a system is honest bank customers still get complete anonymity, even if the banks conspire against you. The downside is you can never know if your bank is conspiring against their customers as a whole i.e. by not operating in line with their inflation/reserve policy... which of course is one of Bitcoins best features. Please consider accepting payments in Bitcoin! Also, does "Wi-fi security" conflict with HTTPS Everywhere? The features seem to be analogous. All their costs are still in Sterling. It takes a long time to complete the circle and break dependence on a particular currency. Requires registration to download the paper... Mirror: http://tehlug.org/files/solove.pdf Yeah, good spot. An Incognito or Private window will also work. Assuming the RNG isn't duff, which PHP has stumbled on a few times in the past, with session keys and such. This is mindbogglingly bad. How did they manage to introduce a dependence on unauthenticated client-side state for such a critical operation in a relatively new feature? If they weren't willing to hit the database to recall the profile_id for the reset operation, it makes me wonder whether the confirmation codes are in fact deterministic, rather than randomly generated. > CppDB on the other hand is MIT or Boost. It is the best DB library I found so far for C++. Have you evaluated Code Synthesis's ODB? By Jove, you're right! Perhaps what we need is some kind of universal protocol for transferring files. We could call it the 'File Transfer Protocol' or something. > What happened to FTP anyway? It's too hard to set-up for casual file sharing (backup, docs, photos etc.), and it's less efficient and scalable than BitTorrent for wide file distribution (piracy). Perhaps with HTTP 2.0 and IPv6 looming though, we will see some progress on an FTP 2.0 that resolves the issues you mentioned. It's a good point I suppose. I've never had a need or urge to use a service like Dropbox to keep files in sync though. I prefer just to carry my working copies around, or use Google Docs. Maybe I'm missing out on seamless splendour, I don't know. I can't help thinking some of the pain could be resolved if we had a reliable datagram protocol between UDP and TCP. Delimiting a TCP stream to create a messaging protocol is already suboptimal and error prone, and it's the root cause of the head-of-line blocking problem experienced by HTTP ('fixed' in SPDY). Yes, because MS haven't implemented it. That's great, but it means it'll always be a userland library rather than a OS supported networking protocol... which means the API will never be a defacto standard akin to the BSD sockets API. The reference implementation is also in obtuse looking C++... which will hinder bindings to other languages. In short, don't expect to see this outside of Android or Chrome. On the plus side, this is exactly what UDP was for in the first place. So we can move from IPv4 to IPv6 but not introduce a new transport because of NAT? Hmm... SCTP is more modern and still under active development. RUDP only has a draft RFC and hasn't been updated since 1999. My ISPs modem has a built in NAT that can't be disabled, but it still passes all IPv4 packets through in DMZ mode, so there's hope. It didn't even work for me. Scrolling, clicking... nothing causes anything to change. The scrollbar in Chrome is missing. It'll be interesting to see who AMD and NVIDIA decide to jump on board with. I can't see NVIDIA supporting both Wayland and Mir. > I'm not sure any other audio company could make such a claim in the UK. Sennheiser? Personally I'd never heard of Bose until recently, when they started advertising in UK cinemas. But how can you be sure it's not just a very very good self-synchronising PRNG? f( , , ) = This almost makes no sense. Hidden Services exist to hide the location/identity of the server. You gain the same anonymity by visiting ddg.com via Tor. It's cool that they're running a relay though. Compressed swap looks interesting It's not the cost of the storage, it's how slow it to read and write to it. This is still going to be an order of magnitude faster than swapping to disk. In Perl wouldn't the /e modifier live outside the replacement string, as part of the literal regexp, and therefore out of harms way? The issue here is the "/e" modifier in PHP can be injected in to a context where the programmer didn't expect it. The preg_replace function should take the eval modifier as a flag parameter. Perl does have a ?{} eval expression, but it has to be enabled with an extra 'use' directive. The documentation also suggests enabling taint checking or "constrained evaluation within a Safe compartment". Contrast this to PHP, where /e appears to be on by default and there's no mention of it whatsoever in the documentation, except in the change log to say it's deprecated in 5.5. Also PCRE, which PHP uses, is a C library... so I doubt it has any eval functionality. PHP implements this on top of PCRE to mimic Perl. No I'm afraid it's another shoddy PHP design decision to blame here. Eh, the clients anonymity is protected when they use a Tor exit node via a normal Tor session to ddg.com as well. You're right, connections to Tor hidden nodes are encrypted end-to-end ...but so are SSL sessions over Tor e.g. https://ddg.com > Cute rant. It wasn't a rant. > But PHP uses /e in exactly the same way: The /e is part of the literal regexp. PHP doesn't have literal regexps as part of the language. The regexps in PHP are string arguments to the preg_* family of functions. Perl has literal regexps. e.g. $var =~ s/$pattern/$replacement/e. If you inject "/e" in to $replacement variable, what happens? I don't know, my Perl is rusty, but I'm thinking that that would be either an unevaluated context, or a syntax error. > No, /e is not enabled by default. Only as of 5.5. That doesn't make the decision to enable it by default in the past excusable. > pcre_callout() This doesn't look like it has anything to do with /e or code evaluation. It's a callback mechanism that users of the library can use. How it's used is irrelevant, the topic at hand is PHPs behaviour. > To anyone reading this: Don't use /e with untrusted input, it's not safe. You missed the point. Programmers can use preg_replace poorly and not know that /e even exists. That was one point in the article: that this little function has a surprising and potentially dangerous feature. Just saying "oh well, don't use untrusted input" is naive. > Android: slurping phone numbers, texting behind the scenes on your behalf, etc... Debatable. If you install something like Permissions Explorer you can see which apps access your contacts and/or texts. It's generally a small list. And the Google sync features can be disabled. Not really. You can't dynamic_cast across across protected or private inheritance boundaries, even if the function attempting it is a friend. As long as your public inheritance hierarchy maintains your contract (and they should) you're fine. dynamic_cast downcasts in C++ only work across public inheritance. In particular a object that inheritance a Closable interface privately and a Reader interface publicly wouldn't allow a cross cast. dynamic_cast isn't a loophole in the type system, it's there to strengthen it. Well protected is the default. I was under the impression police were moving to digital, encrypted broadcasts. Because it's aimed at business, not families. Fastmail have a family service that is much more flexible imho. The problem is trying to get family to actually pay for email. Some people won't pay $50/year/user for email, I know my parents won't. I had a hell of a time even getting them to move away from ISP provided mail to GApps. Neither of them have managed to use more than 300MB in 3-4 years. In any case, an account with 8 GB of email storage and 6 GB of file storage (Family account), or 10+2GB (personal account) is still cheaper than Googles 'one plan' service. Google just aren't interested in marketing GApps to enthusiasts and families. You're naive if you think hosting in Europe means you're necessarily any safer. They were responding to Gmail, by working on a more modern AJAXy web interface, even before Opera bought them. I remember being concerned about the buyout, but it seems it's been nothing but good for them. Opera are a great company. Now let's talk about how half the higher layer protocols in the world that use TCP should probably be using a reliable datagram protocol... This is perfect. I have a $4 VPS in the States that is crapping out with 50% packet loss in the evenings... and that only has 500GB tranny, 20GB disk and 256 MiB RAM. The general terms of conditions explicitly mention seedbox's. [7.2] "The bandwidth is no longer guaranteed when the server or servers are used for the following activities: ... Server(s) used for downloading and sending files on peer to peer networks (including but not limited to: seedbox)" > This is not surveillance, it's out right censorship. Of course it's surveillance, you think this system doesn't log hits? At this point you have to expect a database query can return what porn sites you're visiting and when. So, do you think your visitors have a problem with Google knowing about every visit to your site? Better to switch to authentication protocols where the server never sees your password. Anyone know if Tim Berners-Lee has come out to say anything about this? I believe he's expressed views in favour of net neutrality and against censorship in the past. With his participation in the Olympic ceremony perhaps, if he were to get in the news, the public would pay some attention. > the responsible thing to do is to at least give your users the option of opting out of such tracking by third-parties Reddit do this. You can choose to load their js from their own servers rather than a CDN. The non-webdev part of me is rather depressed that we've resorted to storing N typically homogeneous records in a way which results in the serialization of field names N times. Wouldn't it be nicer to make the default format an object of arrays rather than an array of objects? In before "but gzip!" Above and beyond the obvious moral debate over whether or not a filtering option should be offered, whether it can be effective, or whether it should be opt-in or opt-out, a number of practical things worry me about having any such architecture in place: 1. Once you classify web activity it becomes more economical, and arguably even justified in order to carry the cost of maintaining the filter, to make the move to offering a tiered internet service (i.e. having to pay more for access to porn) 2. Not everyone in a household may have the same preferences, so you'll inevitably want to to start tracking web activity on a per-person basis 3. Your preferences will be kept by your ISP, probably their partners, and definitely made available to authorities on-demand. "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour". 4. To simplify the design the system will most likely require that all 'hits' in any given category be routed to a web proxy system, even while you're opted-out. You can bet that this will be logged meticulously by someone. Hell, some ISPs may even be brazen enough to offer the 'feature' of alerting parents to their kids activities. So it's potentially, "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour, and did so on a regular basis." 5. Massive potential impact to the robustness and performance of the web. More middle-boxes. Less flexibility to replace protocols, even HTTP 2.0, in the future. On the plus side, their proxy resolves to about 15 highly diverse IPs, including IPv6 ( cough IPv6 tunnel). There's only one proxy, at the top. The list contains blocked hosts to use it with. > It's weird that there is so much kerfuffle about governments slurping data when services like these pop-up and offer proxies It's not 'weird'. This is a battle of privacy for law abiding adults. Most of public can't even establish that blocking porn requires a system of such depth that it will infringe on their private life, let alone have the know-how to seek or set up these proxies. They could certainly inspect 6in4 traffic, but at the moment major UK ISPs aren't even offering native IPv6, so doing so would be fairly tenuous. Cleanfeed (the UKs child porn filter) is supposed to be IP blocking/NAT based, coupled with web proxies. Given the scope of the filtering this time around though, it may be done by DNS. Let's hope so. It's not just exit nodes that you are forbidden from running. It seems any participation in the Tor network is banned, whether it be a relay, or a personal bridge in to the network. As pointed out by est, you can snoop on SSL certificates passing over the wire and drop connections containing canonical names you don't like, or signed by CAs you don't like. You can also drop and throttle HTTPS connections without effecting genuine use, while completely buggering up P2P and other bulky uses. I'm in the same boat, but the Kimsufi server setup time has said "1 - 10 days" for a while. None of the nefarious services and use cases you list require the presence of exit nodes. Silk Road, for instance, is a hidden service. Obviously I don't know about the rest, but you'd have to pretty stupid to put such things on the public internet. The only people who suffer from the loss of Tor exit nodes are the 'more genuine' or 'more worthy' users who need to use it to escape oppression, or state monitoring. In theory you could run an exit node with a locked down exit policy, e.g. limited to web traffic which is routed through an IWF compliant proxy, disallow HTTPS and/or payment processing sites, add an HTTP header for reporting abuse/requesting blocks, etc. So migrate? Hash the hashes with Bcrypt or PBKDF2. Bcrypt(MD5(password)) is just as effective as Bcrypt(password) at knocking brute force attempts on the head. It's used in Bitcoin as well (after SHA-2) to shorten up addresses. Come to think of it, I think Tor uses it for .onion addresses... which they shorten to 80 bits (of preimage resistance!) Actually TCP is a problem for IRC because there's no (standard) way to query how much data has been received (well, acknowledged) by the other end. This is why if you're unexpectedly disconnected from an IRC bouncer while in a busy channel, the replay can still be incomplete. Lag is also a pig sometimes. Datagram protocols are just more natural for message-oriented communication. QUIC lives on top of UDP. If we reinvent TCP on top of UDP we may as well just throw in the towel on IPv6 and embrace IPv4 + NAT. Why bother trying to fix layer 2 when we're content to fuck shit up on the higher layers for the sake of back compat? IPv6 is our chance to bring back end-to-end networking with stateless routers. Just side load it. You can download the official OTA ZIP which won't factory reset the device. You don't need any 3rd party mods for this because the ZIP is signed by Google. http://www.droid-life.com/2013/07/25/android-4-3-update/ I rather preferred the aesthetic of "guardian.co.uk" to "theguardian.com". The "theguardian" logo is rather fugly. It also seems a bit premature, why not wait for guardian.news? > I have always disliked the fact that UK TLD disallows use of .uk, Nominet have already floated the idea of opening up .UK for top level registration [1]. It wouldn't surprise me at all if they try and milk the market for topical 2LDs either. I actually think it's a bad idea. Keeping a ccTLDs level reserved seems sensible to me. For instance, only UK Limited companies are allowed to register .ltd.uk domains. [1] http://www.nominet.org.uk/how-participate/policy-development... It doesn't matter. The old domain issues a HTTP redirect, so it's effectively dead from a marketing perspective. Probably GeoIP. Visiting bbc.co.uk from abroad always weirds me out because of the ads, restricted content and international centricity. What I meant by "marketing" was the .uk domain is no longer visible to visitors. I don't care about SEO. > The idea to use the top level was rejected, thankfully. It's still on their homepage (pink "Consultation" box) and the wording is "revised proposals". Worryingly they're also looking at introducing residency checks for individual registrations.