I've never liked karma systems. On the surface it seems to make sense: People who are helpful/insightful get lots of karma. In practice, it fails on two fronts: First, karma systems in and of themselves work based on popularity, under the mistaken idea that popularity = correctness/insightfulness/suitability. Quite often, the most insightful or thought provoking ideas are unpopular (or speaking the truth is unpopular). What you get is a system that automatically filters out the ideas that the majority are unconfortable with, and so you end up with an echo chamber which doesn't admit new ideas. Second, the policies formed around the karma system grow biased AGAINST new users over time, which leads to community stagnation: The initial couple of years are great. The early adopters are all eager to participate in meaningful ways, and build a thriving, vibrant community. Then the gamers join in. They learn how to game the system to gain points. They do this just to show that they can. Closely related, the karma whores move in. Their sole goal is to gain points for self-worth. The community is meaningless; points are everything. As the gamer's techniques become more widly known, the spammers move in, automating the techniques to promote their spam, and the cat-and-mouse game begins, usually at the expense of making things more difficult for the users. These measures are almost always done with consideration of the already established user base, using them to determine what a "normal, real" user is like. Once you hit this point, it starts to become prohibitively expensive for a new user to join in, thanks to the biased notion of a "normal user". Stack Overflow is a prime example of this, where you have to jump through all sorts of crazy hoops just to be able to even comment or gasp edit your own question because upon re-reading, you decide it's not as clear as it could be. And so you complain. But people don't like complainers, so they all jump on you and say "It's not so bad! I went through the red tape and so should you!" and "If you don't like the red tape, there's no place for you here!" There's a word for this: Bureaucracy. As a service provider, you should be doing everything in your power to make things MORE accessible to new users, not LESS accessible. You should be ENCOURAGING participation, not throwing hurdles in their way. New users are fickle. Their first experience on your site will largely shape their perception of it forever. Start them off with a bad experience and they'll refuse to participate. Rampant bureaucracy is a sign of severe failure in the system. A few techniques: Form a cabal of vote sharers, who always vote for each other's posts. Post a bunch of semi-plausible content once a day and you'll have tons of karma in no time. Post quick responses that have little insight. You'll always get votes for being first. Post LOTS of trivial questions. More people will upvote than will downvote on the whole. Socrates is side-stepping the issue, as he always did, taking advantage of his friend's inability to articulate himself well. One can see from his friend's meandering talk that he was trying to describe how excessive love of gain can corrupt, and later how evil men would deceive others so as to make gains by things which the violated party will later realize (or perhaps not realize) are worthless. Think snake oil merchants. However, Socrates, in his usual style, takes advantage of imprecise language to twist meanings around until he's altered the topic of discussion (as his friend suspected, but couldn't articulate) into something where he can be demonstrated to have the right answer (all men love gain) with a notable absence of discussion about his friend's concern about excessive love of gain and dishonest gain. There's a reason why they killed him: nobody likes a smart ass. Yes, I can see your point there. While the final, deplorable behavior is disregard for the social cost of ones own gain, one cannot discount the germination and growth of greed as an otherwise upright man is slowly corrupted by the gains he makes, and his priorities shift towards higher gain as concern for the damage done to others falls by the wayside. The quote "for the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil" did not arise from a vacuum, nor did "absolute power corrupts absolutely". Ultimately, one can argue that it is a weakness of character, but thus far it's been incredibly rare to see those with great power (through gains) remain uncorrupted for long. Page did not respond in a timely fashion. Check our status site for alerts. Either you found a page that took too long to render or we're getting more requests right now than we can handle. You can try refreshing the page, the problem may be temporary. Learn how to deal with GitHub outages and other access problems. Hiring from a friend's company is a lot like dating a friend's old girlfriend. It can be totally cool on the surface but totally not cool underneath. I sure hope the auto-save "feature" can be disabled... Absolutely, yes. If you don't include a cover letter, chances are very high that you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter has spelling or grammatical errors, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. If your cover letter doesn't speak to my company SPECIFICALLY, chances are you'll go to the bottom of the pile. Basically, if you can't tell me why you want to work for my company and why you're a perfect fit, it tells me that your only interest is in a paycheck, and that you'll take no pride in your work and will show no initiative. If you can't be bothered to proofread your cover letter and have a friend check it over, it tells me that you're sloppy and don't follow through. If you can't even be bothered to hit the "spell check" button, it tells me that you're lazy. Counterpoint: Many open source contributors don't find satisfaction in their day jobs. The work they get paid to do is restrictive and dull. Developers are generally driven by the desire to create 'cool' things. Many spend all day in meetings discussing why that API extension isn't good for the 99th design iteration for customer X. And yet many rush to do this kind of work for free. Lots of work open source projects need are quite 'boring' from the technical point of view (documentation, project files, merging, OS integration. etc). So why do people contribute to open source projects? Because they believe in the product and like feeling empowered. Wow... I didn't expect these sorts of tabloid headers to occur on Hacker News. That's usually a Reddit thing. Shouldn't Hacker News be a cut above, where people first read and understand an article, and then post it to HN with a succinct, relevant, and most importantly TRUTHFUL title? Your machine zaps you and pulls you into the machine, where you are forced to play death match Yahtzee against other profiles. Click here for the shocking truth: http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s14e04-you-hav... I don't understand. What does an accounting compliance law have to do with charging for previously free tools? And how were they able to release free tools in the years after 2002? What makes 2011 so special that they are compelled by law to start charging $5? Ok, but where in this scenario do the SOX compliance laws compel them to charge money for a "major upgrade"? It's perfectly reasonable. All it took was one touch from His Noodly Appendage ;-) Personally, I love sites like SO and Quora. When I'm digging into something outside of my experience/expertise (which is almost daily in my current job), I'm consistently landing on pages that have answers written to my questions. That's great. What's NOT great, is having some esoteric need, landing on a bunch of pages, and finding that most of them have an "are you sure you want to do this?" response with no effort made to answer the question, ahm, in question. The author is right in this respect. You are NOT just answering the person who asked the question. Stuff on the internet STAYS. For YEARS. That means that you're answering EVERYONE who EVER asks that question, and chances are that a lot of them DO know what they are doing. All they lack are the mechanical steps to take, which you have denied them by your second guessing of intentions. And that is MASSIVELY frustrating. Sites like Quora understand this, thus the "not helpful" button. If you must question the judgment of the person asking, do so AFTER answering the question. Otherwise your answer is, in fact, NOT useful. Oh, it may be useful if you've successfully guessed the intentions of the asker, but for a great number of other people who will land on that page in the years to come it is nothing more than condescension. I participate because I find it a godsend whenever I get stuck on some esoteric API or poorly documented technology, or I just want to use something in a way that it's not actually meant to be used BECAUSE I HAVE A DAMN GOOD REASON TO DO IT. And I want to extend the same courtesy of answering without prejudice so that some other soul can be similarly helped by my answer. There's a huge difference between "You're wrong and here's why", and "You did X??? What are you, stupid? You suck and you should just gtfo because you'll never amount to anything. You'd be so fired if you worked in my company. Bullet. Brain. Make the connection." Both are uncompromising. Only one is civil. It's not that geeks are harsh; it's that assholes are harsh. You'd see the same kind of dressing down of a sales guy in front of his peers by his asshole boss, who just happens to be a damn good salesman, which makes his attacks all the more withering. Knowledge dost not the better man make. Never saw this before today, but it hardly seems funny. That's how people smuggle contraband in prison. The sad truth is that either you have wealth with which to get what you want from other people, or you swallow your pride and smuggle stuff in via your rectum. It's not funny; it's a sad commentary on the demeaning prison life. Regardless, TeX failed for the masses because it was too complicated to begin with (the masses are not programmers, nor are they interested in "programming" their documents). WYSIWYG word processors and desktop publishing software do a decent enough job quickly with a learning curve orders of magnitude shallower, and rightly so since it's the learning curve that poses the greatest barrier to entry. And while many attempts have been made to flatten that curve with various tools, I'm hard pressed to find a compelling competitor to Microsoft Word or OpenOffice in terms of ease-of-use. People in general are far more interested in the final result than the "beauty" of the steps to produce that result, especially when it comes to the written word. Actually, it's a plutocracy. People don't listen to technocrats unless they have a good idea for generating wealth/power. The reason you don't leave any serious decisions in the hands of the masses is because it leads to instability, which is the worst thing that can happen to a government. In every form of government, you have a minority bloc which makes the most important decisions unilaterally. The remaining decisions are, depending on the visible form of government, passed on to various degrees to the public so that they may feel they are participating in the running of their country's affairs. There is, of course, some give-and-take when a special interest group gains too much power, but those can be dealt with on a case-by-case basis. Same reason nobody vandalizes vending machines, even when they're quite literally in the middle of nowhere along the side of an unfrequented road in the countryside. Same reason it's unthinkable for a Japanese to take fruit or berries hanging outside of someone's yard, even when it's falling off the branch and rotting on the ground, and yet they'd hardly think twice in their downtown drunken stupor to steal a bicycle to get them home after the trains had shut down for the night. They have different social norms there. No. The Yakuza generally do not participate in civilian affairs, nor are they interested in "policing", except where someone becomes a personal nuisance to a higher-up or someone disrupts their business. Their primary interest lies in the financial side of mizu-shobai type establishments, gambling, and money laundering. They also offer thug-work-for-hire, which is helpful when the police aren't, but you've got to be careful dealing with them because there tend to be hidden costs to their "help". * whoops. replied at the wrong level :P 3000 years of writing bad Chinese poetry. edit: It's a JOKE, people. What I am saying is that the lack of looting has nothing to do with the Yakuza. While it was in vogue, the nobles would all try their hand, no matter how bad they were at it, and no matter how little they actually knew of the language. Think Janglish, but the Chinese version of it :P I'm usually wary of anyone who argues that mouse and windowed GUI usage wastes precious time, because it tells me that this person prematurely optimizes, focusing on typing and screen navigation time when the idea-to-code bottleneck is actually the part where you THINK before you ACT. The actual time spent hitting keys on the keyboard pales by comparison (or at least it should, unless you're producing unmaintainable code). A better approach to #5 (Do not copy a line more than once) is to make a "template" copy of the line, which will fail to compile, and then make a bunch of copies of that. Example: Template line: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Copy/paste: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg,),); Final edit: EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_PRIMARYSTATUS), TRUE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIMESPIN), FALSE); EnableWindow(GetDlgItem(hwndDlg, IDC_CYCLETIME),); Now when you try to compile, but forgot to update something (such as the missing boolean in the last line), the compiler will complain. There is also boron in the spent fuel pools to further retard neutron production. As well, the steel structures for the spent fuel pools are often made of borated steel. It's not like they just toss the spent fuel into a kiddie pool and call it a day. 1. The programmer market is HOT HOT HOT now. We're having no end of trouble finding developers. 2. You need to take stock of what you've done these past 3 years. How are you different today from when you started? THAT is your "career credit", and you need to figure out how to communicate that to a big company. You probably have a ton of management skills (project management, people management, time management, etc). Big companies like that. 3. There's NOTHING wrong with going to work for a big company. Big company = stability, and after a long roller coaster ride with daily uncertainty, that can be appealing. You can always start over if it turns out you're stuck with the entrepreneurial bug ;-) The key to being an entrepreneur is failing fast, right? You're 3 years in and haven't launched. Why? Do you know what your customers want? Because once you build what they actually want, no matter how crappy your first launch (within reason), you'll have the opposite problem of not being able to retain enough talent to keep up with their demands. You'll be constantly inundated with emails to the effect of "Yeah I really like your product, but it'd be so much better if it did X..." Failing is not just the CEO's decision; it's EVERYBODY'S decision. YOU are an entrepreneur, too. Use your spidey sense! And make sure you're honest about it when you talk to your CEO. If you can't come to common ground, that's too bad, but if you CAN, you might turn this around yet. Also: Read up on Founder's Syndrome if you haven't yet: http://managementhelp.org/misc/founders.htm Edit: And if you're an Android or iPhone developer who's interested in education and games and lives in the bay area, forget everything I just said. Your company is beyond help and you should come work with us ;-) We're MindSnacks. We do bite-sized mobile learning in a fun way that makes people come back for more! You should be receiving a message in your mailbox shortly. Side note, but stretching before exercise increases the chance of injury. http://sportsmedicine.about.com/cs/flexibility/a/aa022102a.h... I was wrong; there hasn't yet been a causal relationship established between pre-exercise stretching and increased injury (though some studies do suggest such a relationship). The studies do agree in general, however, that stretching before exercise does NOT reduce the chance of injury. Some scientific articles this time: http://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=stretching+injuries+stud... Ah, the refrain of the neat freaks who feel a desperate need to trumpet their position (and obliquely judge all dissenters), justifying with simplistic metaphors that have no scientific basis... How quickly we fall off the bus! Agreed. Albert Einstein's political views were laughably naive, for example. An example: "War seems to me a mean, contemptible thing: I would rather be hacked in pieces than take part in such an abominable business. And yet so high, in spite of everything, is my opinion of the human race that I believe this bogey would have disappeared long ago, had the sound sense of the nations not been systematically corrupted by commercial and political interests acting through the schools and the Press." When considered against thousands of years of human history, documenting wars large and small, and the events leading up to them, such a view of the innate goodness of fellow man that is pure and would never wage war but for the corrupting influence of the elite, comes off as incredibly naive. When compared and contrasted with, for example, Machiavelli and his discourses on the first decade of Titus Livius, Einstein comes off like an episode of the Care Bears. Great. Wonderful. So what does it mean to "win" the test? What do any of those numbers even mean? A paper written with the goal of providing the minimum amount of information in the maximum amount of words. By not identifying themselves, they cut themselves off from the best talent. Nobody worth their salt will waste their time applying to a mystery company when there are many other companies who they DO know about and can get passionate about. Facebook is actively hiring government insiders in the hopes of gaining more political influence, and so they are changing in order to become more in-line with US foreign policy and thus further improve the relationship. Blasphemy! Blasphemy I say! There is a theory that the connection between the right and left hemisphere of the human brain has been diminishing over generations (The ancients used to audibly hear the voice of the gods, which was likely the right hemisphere, but that ability diminished around 4-5000 years ago). I wonder if all these psychadelic drugs are doing is enhancing the communication between right and left, or perhaps suppressing the left such that the right takes greater charge? The left does, after all, have very narrow focus as opposed to the right, which processes greater but less focused patterns. I've read a few books over the years that touch upon the subject, but I don't remember anything online (It's been quite a number of years since I've visited the subject). I do know that Colin Wilson subscribes to the theory, so some of his nonfiction works might be helpful (I seem to remember something in The Criminal History of Mankind). Large companies work by inertia. Google is actually more agile for its size, but it's still a big company and ruled by inertia. In a large company, the majority of people don't know each other, and don't communicate on a daily basis. This means that things of interest get passed from person to person, usually by email, and so the original intent of the message tends to get lost due to the 3rd or 4th reader having no idea what kind of person the original writer is, what his writing style is, whether he's being serious or joking, etc. As a result, you end up with lots of requests for clarification, especially where it's an event that falls outside of the normal routine. It takes a lot to rile up a company, but Andrew did it expertly, pushing all the buttons his background in sociology and politics gave him a solid understanding of. Notice how it went through three separate "request for clarification" requests, each more formal than the last. Each time, he responded in a passive-aggressive manner that re-pushed those same buttons. As it pushed its way through the various departments and echelons of the company, such a message would become more and more threatening as the person became less and less known. People go into CYA mode (better safe than sorry), the company momentum changes and things start rolling. Let's look at the course of events again: 1: Andrew is intercepted by someone who is probably a manager (notice his description "Agitated Chubby White Male", with the connotations of bourgeoisie). 2: The manager takes Andrew to explain the situation to security (pointing out that the security guard is a black man in a menial job, with "sedate" added for connotations of passively accepting his proletariat fate). 3: Security contacts Transvideo to get clarification from Andrew and find out his intentions (notice his description "so that the issue can be filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", with the connotations of the soulless bureocratic corporate machine). At this point, the security department is unsure of Andrew's intentions. Was it just harmless curiosity? Is he a plant, trying to dig up dirt to embarrass Google? They can't know for sure, so they ask him to clarify his position. What Andrew sends back is a passive-aggressive letter covering class, race, and labor, all hot button topics. His manager asks for even more clarification. People are getting very nervous at this point. Andrew's response is political dynamite, once again using passive-aggressive techniques to all but accuse Google of racist discriminatory labor practices. That someone with "backgrounds in sociology and political philosophy" wouldn't understand what panic his second letter would produce is incredibly hard to believe. In fact, Andrew's entire description is so slanted and colored that I'm inclined to suspect that he deliberately set about getting himself fired so that he could trumpet "Google is Evil!" from his blog, Michael Moore style. > Passive-aggressive is something like "I respect your right to your opinion, no matter how steeped in white male professional privilege it may be." Or something like "found it interesting that these workers, who perform labor similar to that of many red-badge contractors, such as software engineers, custodians, security guards, etc., are mostly people of color and cannot eat Google meals, take the shuttle, ride a bike, or step foot anywhere else on campus." Or "I was not aware of how secretive the Book Search project is" Or "understand how seriously my curiosity could jeopardize not only my own job and Transvideos’ relationship with Google" > His statements are completely factual, even underplayed. His statements are very slanted. "chubby white man", "extremely confidential area", "filtered and separated neatly into their bracketed accounts", "Ralph, the millionaire who owns Transvideo", and others I mentioned previously are carefully crafted to paint Google (and Transvideo) in the light of not only an exploiter of minorities, but also a petty company that cares more about their data integrity than people. > I didn't even hear any ill-will towards the company There's plenty of ill will and contempt there, seething beneath the surface in that passive-aggressive voice. For companies: Hire the absolute best you can find. Your goal should be to find people who are better than you at what you do. You need to hit every source of talent and try your damn best to get the best. Failing that, settle for someone who is only as good as you are. This is monumentally important with your first 4-5 hires as it sets the bar and sets the culture. For job seekers: They are interviewing you, but YOU are also interviewing THEM. If you are not passionate about what they are doing, it's probably not a good fit. If they are unwilling to listen to you give a better solution than the one they thought of, there's probably something wrong with their culture. If they are offended that you found a bug in their code or test, that's a huge red flag already. Now, in big companies you can get away with coasting along, working as a simple code monkey. If that's what you want (not saying it's a bad thing), then you need neither passion nor aptitude to get a decent wage working an easy job. If, however, you crave something bigger and more rewarding, you need to seek out companies that are passionate about the same things you are. In a market as hot as this one, there are a LOT of passionate companies looking for talented people (especially startups!). They're ninja-rockstars. That's why they stay out of the limelight ;-) Both Apple and Google are chipping away at the carriers. You can't just throw ultimatums at the big players in the arena and expect them to say "Oh ok. We'll make it all open, sure!". Apple has capitulated on a number of issues. So has Google. But you know what? We now have phones that are orders of magnitude more open than they've ever been thanks to the quid-pro-quo of those two pioneering companies. Google initially came on too strong, but found they didn't have the clout to push the level of openness they wanted, and so now they're taking a gentler approach. The carriers need to see a benefit to themselves before they move, and even then they'll move very slowly. Google and Apple know this, which is why they apply pressure gently and steadily. They understand and exploit the politics, which is why they are so successful. The proof is in the pudding. Just look at the market share. What you really want is something along the lines of: void myMethod() { disposable File myFile = new File(somePath); // ... do stuff with the file // "disposable" modifier causes myFile to be // forcibly destroyed upon leaving scope for any // reason (except if the disposable object itself // is returned from the method). } An idiom designed specifically for the purpose of resource management would make for a far cleaner implementation than shoehorning an existing mechanism. You'd probably also need to add checking for references to the object by still-living objects (i.e. objects not eligible for gc). If any live object has a reference to the disposable object, its "disposable" status gets removed. Similarly, returning the disposable object from the method also strips its "disposable" status. It would add extra processing at the end of the scope level, but generally methods that create/use resources don't need to be lightning fast anyway. You could even add the "disposable" modifier to class definitions, making all instances of that class disposable by default (and thus destroyed unless referenced or returned). My answer would be to create a shortcut in the existing reference system of the gc. Invoke a subset of the gc which checks a reduced list of object references made from that scope or deeper. Reference counted systems only work if you don't create cyclic (strong) references, so that argument is moot. In fact, reference counted systems can deal with resource objects easily so long as the compiler/interpreter ensures that pending autoreleases are executed when unwinding the stack during an exception. You can't beat confirmation bias. It's wired into human braaaaaains. I created a universal framework template for iPhone/iOS (lets you build static frameworks that work on device and simulator): https://github.com/kstenerud/iOS-Universal-Framework Also, a nicer interface to iPhone audio: https://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone I also put out my Objective-C programmer's toolbox: https://github.com/kstenerud/Objective-Gems If you find yourself asking others to make your decisions for you, the correct answer is inaction, since you'd only do it halfheartedly anyway. My beef is that nutritional "experts" tend to reverse their "advice" every 5-10 years. - X is bad - No, actually X is good. - No, it turns out X is actually bad after all. - No, actually it's Y that's causing all our problems. - Wait, no, it's Z. And then along comes the marketing blitz. "No salt", "Sugar free" "glucose free" "gluten free" "made with cane syrup" "cholesterol free" "fat free" "no saturated fat" "no trans fat" and now "carb free", no doubt. And then the vitamin supplement and herbal crowd come out to flog their latest crackpot diets and exercise regimens and trans-yogic-meta-druidic-ninjutsu-meditation. Yes, I rage much :P Pope Urban VIII's beef with Cassini wasn't over his assertion that Copernicus was right, but rather because Cassini was asserting that which he could not prove. He was basically saying that he was right and everyone else was wrong and they should just believe him because he was right. The pope said (rightly so) that unless Cassini could offer proof as to the cause of planets allegedly circling the sun, he should present both the Copernicus and Ptolemy model and leave it up to the reader to make up his mind. (He couldn't prove it because the theory of gravitation was not known at the time) Instead, Galileo tricked a priest into printing his book without a papal seal of approval, after he had promised the pope that he would present the Copernicus model as a hypothesis and not as proven fact. So, in this case, the church was on the side of the scientific method. You don't just assert something extraordinary without some extraordinary evidence to back it up. The church changes character along with those in power, so comparing the church of then to the church of now is not very meaningful, nor is talking about contemporary church views in contrast to past views. Pope Urban VIII had at one point actually encouraged Galileo's teachings, but Galileo himself was known to be arrogant and headstrong, having little patience for bureaucracy, and virtually no tact when dealing with others, especially if they disagreed with him. There are a number of ways Galileo could have approached things: 1. Present both the Ptolemy and Copernicus models, along with the arguments for each. 2. Delay publication until he could build a fully working model, rather than a series of observations and assertions. 3. Defy authority, fraudulently publish, and damn the ignorant fools in power. Option 1 would have been the best approach, as it would be the least jarring to established knowledge and would provide a wedge for new ideas. Option 2 would likely stir up controversy at a later date, but would not involve insubordination. Option 3 was pretty much guaranteed to blow up, much like an employee directly disobeying his boss to his face. Even if he and the pope had been the bestest of buds, there would have been no way politically for the pope to ignore his behavior. (As it was, the pope flew into a rage when he found out that Galileo had published behind his back) Not in the "pure" scientific method, but in practice, no such thing exists. There is always politics to consider, and Galileo considered wrong. One might be inclined to believe that Louis XIV was acting as a benefactor when he invited Cassini to France, but in reality he was using it as yet another wedge against the papacy (along with other things such as the Declaration of the Clergy of France) in order to secure more power for himself in France. Freedom of expression is all about the political climate you find yourself in, and the successful disruptor is he who takes this into account when planning his campaign. Actually, that analogy is very apt. The existing authority will not accept new theories replacing the old until VERY compelling evidence has been brought forth (this happens even today in the secular world, and that's a GOOD thing). Creationism will have a very hard time displacing the existing accepted scientific body of theory and evidence, as has been seen by their constant failures in the past. But sneaking it in under the radar by "presenting both theories" has gained them more traction than any other strategy they've attempted so far. What the pope was telling Galileo to do was, in effect, the same thing. Sneak the idea in on the coattails of established "truth", and then it'll be a lot easier to embellish it to fullness later. So I retract my previous statement that the church was on the side of scientific inquiry. In fact, both cases involve intellectual fraud, in that an idea is not allowed to stand on its own merits, but rather requires political machinations in order to be injected into society at large (but then again, when was that ever not the case?). The only difference is that Galileo's teachings were actually true, and creationism is actually false, but we only have that knowledge with the benefit of hindsight. I'm saying to be pragmatic, because it will get you a lot farther than would outright defiance. Too many idealists go down in flames because they're simply unwilling to see the broader picture containing people, power, and the relationships that drive them. There is a time and place for defiance. Get it wrong, and your cause can be set back years, decades, perhaps even centuries. Galileo's defiance and life under house arrest would have been but a footnote in history had king Louis not extended his invitation to Cassini, and that would not have happened had Louis not considered himself strong enough to defy Rome, and he would not have even cared to defy Rome had Rome not held such a stranglehold on the appointment of priests in Europe. So even though Galileo was foolhardy and naive, it turned out alright due to political circumstances that he never even considered. It was a massive risk to the future of science that Galileo didn't even consider, but had he taken a more temperate approach and bided his time for a better opportunity, none of this would even have been necessary. There are many more cases of idealists who were not so lucky. This is not about how the world "ought to be", but rather the way things are (and, in fact, always have been). So basically an Either is for returning a different (ostensibly error) type in a language that normally cares about the declared return type in a method signature? How would that work for passing the result to another method for analysis? Relax the rules there too? Wouldn't that require doing away with compiler/interpretor type enforcement altogether? (not that I have a problem with that) I would disagree. If I happened to be in the job market, and my potential employer were to look at my github profile (yes, we do look at your github profile) and find "bigdicksucker" as one of the repos I'm apparently a "contributor" on, well, that wouldn't look too good, would it? Find a license that matches your needs and put notices in all your source files. http://www.opensource.org/licenses/category You own copyright on the work, and there's no giving away those rights by licensing it. Furthermore, there's nothing stopping you from granting someone else a different license to the source (one permitting commercial use in consideration of a fee paid to you, for example). The license permits others to do what you've licensed them to do. It places no restrictions on you, the copyright holder, except that you cannot revoke a license for code already released to someone unless the license permits such action (which no open source licenses do, as far as I know). "fixed date" in this case means "We have the following list of features we want in the product, to be launched as our big update. How many months will it take? (and we'll hold you to that exact date)" The further ahead you must forecast, the less accurate your estimate will be. In many organizations, the hapless architect is asked to give a solid date for a laundry list of features, many of which he can't research very well up front. Many technologies exist to solve a number of the problems, but the experienced architect KNOWS that each and every one of those technologies will fail to work, be poorly documented, be poorly supported, contain subtle bugs that affect nobody else but him, be incompatible with existing infrastructure, etc. There will be a great number of dead ends, which can only be discovered once the team has spent a good amount of time learning the technologies via documentation, web searches, object code disassembly, threatening vendors' families and pets, and so on. And fixing these emerging problems will involve other technologies, each with their own problems, resulting in a factorial solution set. This is why the traditional method of estimation has been to estimate how long you expect it to take with a lot of things going wrong, and then triple it (you triple it so that you can be "talked down" to double, even though that increases the risk of going over). In short, long term project completion forecasts are a fairy tale, and so anyone who expects you to adhere to them makes agility near impossible. If anyone does KVO on your object, they will be sent a "property changed" notification when you call self.myvar = nil in your dealloc method. It's quite likely that whoever gets notified of the property change will attempt to access your object, but now your object is in a half-destroyed state. 95% of code can run an order of magnitude slower than "optimal" with no discernable degradation of the user experience. If a bus lock degrades your performance too much, either change your algorithm, or isolate that section of code and do it in another language that doesn't suffer the same performance issues. And does anyone with a high school level education in history even understand WHY the archduke of Austria was assassinated? Or WHY none of the powers at the time could pull out of the resulting domino effect? Or the onerous terms of the treaty after the first war? Or the discontent it sowed, leaving fertile ground for a dictator to emerge? Without this context, how could WW2 ever be understood? And even this is glossing over a lot of important stuff, such as the various nations' foreign policy, public sentiment, local politics, and how it affected pretty much every operation of the war. Who even remembers operation Market Garden or why it was significant? Does anyone even know why and how bombing of metropolitan centers even started? Of course not! Easier to say goodies vs baddies and forget the details. History is already taught without any useful context in school. It's rendered so dry and boring and detached from humanity that I'm surprised ANY learning happens at all. Khan is doing very high level, very loose connections at the moment which, I'll admit, contain even less information than the school system pulp. However, I'd be interested in seeing how deep he goes with subsequent videos before passing judgment. The quality of academia has been in decline for almost a century now as the bar has been progressively lowered by financial and political pressures in order to make them more "accessible to the common man". A post-secondary education is still somewhat useful in teaching one how to think, and in exposing one to higher ideas, but it's nowhere near the level of excellence of previous ages. A simple reading of theses and journals past expose the stark differences in thought. Storm in a teacup. English is the new lingua-franca. As opposed to: point-click-drag, CMD-X, scroll, point-click, CMD-V Or for replacing a word at an arbitrary location with other text: scroll, point-double-click, type. Eschewing a tool for "purity's" sake is not a virtue. Actually, they did exist back then. All text based, of course, so we tended to use specialized telnet programs that supported macros and scripting. Side projects are not a matter of "having an unfulfilling day job". A side project is simply scratching an itch. That itch could be something that bothers you, or it could be simple curiosity. I have a very fulfilling day job (I'm a co-founder of an awesome startup, which makes it more of a fulfilling day&night job), but that doesn't mean I won't explore other things, try out new technologies, find something that sucks and make it better, latch onto an idea and build it while thinking "how hard can it be?" (Answer: it can be VERY hard) Side projects are an outward expression of people who are hopelessly creative and just can't help themselves. The CONTENTS of those side projects demonstrate how organized, focused, and disciplined they are. This is a knee-jerk reaction from someone who has been bitten. The fact is, EVERY worthwhile venture has failure waiting at every step. Every good idea has a multitude of people doing it poorly for each rare person doing it right. And whatever industry you find yourself in is the one that will seem the most fucked up because it's the one you're closest to. It's an imperfect world we live in, and that's not going to change. But if you're childish enough to expect things to go your way without YOU taking charge of and responsibility for your affairs, don't expect any sympathy. Who dares, wins. I saw the exact opposite. The guilds that performed the best, got first kill, turned the newest content into farm status the quickest, were guilds that had one man at the top. He would have officers to whom he would delegate most of the operations, and with whom he would confer as the guild was tackling new content, but in the end his word was final. And it worked wonderfully until eventually the leader left without appointing someone competent enough to fill his shoes. It was the complete opposite with "committee" based guilds. Everything there was about your standing in the council, who you could bring to "your side", infighting, inertia, analysis paralysis, cliques, rifts, you name it. It was a mess, and most raid nights were spent dying in very stupid and careless ways. DKP hoarding and loot cockblocking would become commonplace. Morale would plummet, the good players would leave, and eventually the guild would fold, be absorbed, or just wallow in suckiness. It doesn't compare at all. We tried it out as a way of prototyping iPhone game ideas, but it didn't even have the concept of arrays, which made anything beyond the absolute most simple game state impossible. You can't build serious games without a powerful programming language. An anonymous poster's behavior is indicative of what that person is really like. With nothing to fear, there is nothing to inhibit you. Absolute power has a similar effect, with demonstrable results throughout history. Very few people have the moral character and discipline to comport themselves in a civilized manner without an external counterbalance to their impulses. Good point, but he takes it wayyyyy too far. Less emphasis on the landing page = good. NO emphasis on the landing page = bad. I had no idea what his site was about until I read the blog post. And even now I'm still not very clear on what service he actually provides that can't be accomplished in a facebook or twitter post: "BBQ. My place. Sunday at 6." The short answer: Security is HARD. The long answer: When even OpenSSH, a product dedicated to security, with highly trained, security focused minds, has new vulnerabilities coming to light on a regular basis, chances are this isn't an easily solved problem. There can be any number of reasons why a security hole exists, covering laziness, incompetence, ignorance, or simple mistakes. Unless you can mathematically prove the correct functioning of your program (no small feat), there are bugs in it, and chances are some of those bugs are security vulnerabilities. There have been numerous attempts at protecting so-called "data-only" memory, but thus far they have not stopped buffer overrun exploits completely. The only way to be more sure that your program is not vulnerable to memory pointer exploits is to use a language that doesn't expose pointers to the programmer. But then you sacrifice speed and executable code size. And even then you can't be 100% sure because the compiler and runtime have bugs in them. The more safety you bake into a language, the slower programs written in it will run. And even then, you're only safe until the next generation of exploits come out that take advantage of something nobody thought would be a security hole. And round and round we go. I've already had my fill of "idea guys". Somehow, almost every one seems to think that merely coming up with a cool idea while drunk one night automatically entitles them to 50% of the profits (after YOU build and ship it). A successful startup requires all aspects of a business: - leadership - sales - marketing - market research - competitor research - product research - product development - product shipping & deployment - contacts in key areas related to your business - strategic planning - financial management - employee management - investor management - lots and lots and lots and lots of paperwork - and of course a million other little things you discover along the way Some of this can be learned as you go, but the most likely startups to succeed have a large portion of these areas covered by the founders, at least in the book learning sense. So whenever I'm approached by an idea guy, my questions usually go like this: - "Great idea. So who else is doing it?" (red flag for "nobody") - "Who is going to buy this?" (red flag for "everybody") - "How do you know that [group x] is going to buy it?" (I'm looking for something better than a hunch) - "How much starting capital do you have?" (got to at least have ramen money) - "Who have you spoken to about funding?" (red flag for "nobody", unless they are bootstrapping with their own money and have enough for 6 months of runway and a plan for after that) - "Are you going to do this full time?" (If not, this conversation is over) - "What skills are you bringing to the table?" (Must have at least half of the list above, or have other interested co-founders who fill many of the gaps) So if you're looking for a technical co-founder, make sure you're bringing a business to the table, not just an idea. If you want the unix experience, stay in the shell. Use vim or emacs and become a passionate follower of either of those religions (but not both; nobody likes a cleverdick). Actually, it's hard to do powerful things in OSX without using shell commands, just like it's hard to do in any graphical environment. But once you drop to shell, it's all unix. That being said, use the right tool for the job. If you're writing mac or iOS software, use Xcode. In what way? Entrepreneurs are still failing and then eventually hitting home runs. Steve's full name is still Steven P. Jobs. And the US can still complete as both a low-cost and a world-class manufacturer. I see this as the open source equivalent of firing your customer. Just as there exists a certain kind of customer who increases the difficulty in running a business, so too there exists a certain kind of user who increases the difficulty in running an open source project. The project as a whole will be much healthier in the long run with the small percentage of users who generate the largest amount of grief removed from the equation. Richard is deliberately making things difficult for Firefox. It doesn't matter that he's "taking the time to highlight a bug". It doesn't matter what his street cred is. He's behaving like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. If he started stomping his feet and screaming at someone in my house for serving the potatoes too soft, I'd throw him out. For reference (firing your customer): http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2006/04/the_customer... All I know is that I was so deathly bored in school that I stopped showing up. It got so bad that they threatened to expel me despite my protestations that I was maintaining high grades without even showing up to class, and getting scholarships. Would I have excelled in a "gifted" program? Probably, provided the material wasn't so trivial, dull, and repetitive. Would everyone benefit from a significantly increased difficulty? I'm not so sure. Holding students to a high standard, and taking time to engage with them such that you earn their respect will of course raise student performance. However, applying the word "gifted" en masse simply dilutes the earlier meaning of the word. I'm far more interested in code that works when it ships than code that works the first time it's run. Code that works the first time it's run is magical, and therein lies the problem: Magic code is untested and unproven code. It offers a false sense of security, which is why it fills experienced developers with a sense of dread. Until you prove that code's correctness (such as with tests), it is almost certain that it has nasty bugs in it that your initial successful run haven't uncovered. So what does having it work the first time give you? Bragging rights, maybe, but nothing of any real value to shipping code. My point is that code that "works" the first time is at best a false optimization. It takes more time to prove the code than it does to write the code, and it generally takes more time to design the code than it takes to prove it. Syntax errors are caught by the compiler, and are very quick to fix. Semantic errors are usually caught by compiler warnings (provided you turn them on) and by static analyzers, and are also quick and easy to fix. Anything more insidious will not be uncovered by code that "works" the first time it's run, so you really haven't saved yourself anything. My mistake for assuming that HN didn't follow the Reddit pattern of downvoting anything that disagrees with the hivemind... And founders It's just a pain to bart/caltrain/drive every day. > I get on the plane and sit next to a guy who avoids eye contact, does not respond to Hi and then starts praying, seemingly detached from the reality. Shall I just ignore this and refuse to be terrorized? If you're freaking out at something as harmless as this, the problem isn't the other guy. This is the same kind of overinflated danger mentality that bars men from playing chess in a park near a playground on suspicion that they are child molesters. http://www.nypost.com/p/news/local/manhattan/kiddie_pawn_sho... Meanwhile, things that are orders of magnitude more likely to cause harm are ignored. Seriously, why are you all voting this guy down? He's expressing an honest opinion, not trolling. Just because you disagree is no reason to downvote, especially since HN fades the text until it's near impossible to read, making discussion harder. There are two kinds of terrorists: The desperate and the insane. A life of terrorism is very unstable, and usually quite brutal and short. The desperate join up because the only other alternative is rolling over and either dying or becoming enslaved in some way. Theirs is a rational choice. The insane are men who crave power to such a degree that there is little they won't do to secure it, but in order to succeed they need numbers. That's where the desperate come in. People prefer order to chaos. Order brings prosperity and security. But when there's no hope of prosperity or security, people start to look for ways to change the political landscape to improve their chances of surviving as a group. The closer they feel they are to having their lives or culture or way of life annihilated, the more desperate they become. (It's worth noting that you can manufacture greater desperation in the minds of people around a kernel of real desperation, which makes for an effective recruiting tactic, especially among the religious) If you want to stop terrorism, you must work to end the source of their desperation. Once you remove (or diminish) the desperate from the equation, the insane will neither be able to form numbers of any notability, nor secure the goodwill of others. They will be treated as they are: criminally insane. I haven't accumulated enough frequent flyer points to downvote yet. Not sure (and don't really care) how many I need, but when I do get it in a year or two, I doubt I'd downvote anything except obvious trolls. The article itself argues that we consume music in a way that is fundamentally different from the way we consume television shows and movies, thus rendering the comparison invalid. The author begins by accurately portraying the general ignorance of the study of philosophy, and how this attitude greatly diminishes the perceived value of such studies. I was in agreement until the post took a sharp turn into veiled conspiracies, where those in authority are seemingly fully aware of how incompetent or corrupt authority can be undermined by questions, and actively seek to stamp out independent thought. I find myself even less in agreement when he uses Socrates as an example. Socrates was not killed because of his teachings. He was killed because he was a callous man who held little regard for the egoes he crushed by speaking truth bereft of tact, and in doing so made many enemies. The actual charges used against him were the same sort of trumped up charges you commonly see used to railroad a political enemy. Indeed, he was able to fully demonstrate that Meletus has no real evidence against him, but when you've offended the powerful who have influence over the proceedings, you have little hope of escaping the noose. When it comes down to it, Occam's Razor makes for an effective tool. Is this a great conspiracy against philosophers, or is it ignorance of philosophy, and thus its merits, leading to this careless dismantling U. Nevada's philosophy department? What mental gymnastics? We don't know what this DNA does, nor why it was useful in an evolutionary sense to keep it. > Also, I'm amused by an article about injustices in the criminal system where everyone pictured is a well-off white man. That is by design, since the stereotype for "middle class" is the well-off white man, and this article is attempting to motivate the middle class. Revolutions only happen when a critical mass of the middle class switches sides. What does this have to do with the blog post? Because we all know that engineering doesn't exist outside of building web apps. It comes down to a question of culture. In many organizations I've been a part of: * Asking is regarded as an admission of failure (and failure is regarded as a bad thing). Asking more questions (or even worse, clarification on an answer) can jeopardize your standing among your bosses, and, by virtue of the culture they cultivate, among your peers. * Missing a deadline for any reason is a permanent mark against you, to be trotted out on every review and used as a reason to keep your salary low (I actually had a boss LOWER my salary, at which point I left in disgust) * Reporting something done is an invitation for a dressing-down, where your boss humiliates you for everything not done to his satisfaction. And so, with a culture of fear firmly in place, the standard operating procedure is: 1. Never ask questions. Do a shitty job if you can't do a good job and try to cover it up as best you can, or better yet, unload the project onto someone else. 2. Never report something "done" if you can avoid it. This gives you some "wiggle room" when the boss comes down on you over everything that's wrong with it. 3. Never say that you'll miss a deadline. Cut corners if you have to. Miracles sometimes happen. Maybe this time you'll win the lottery. Now that I'm a founder, I'm working hard to undo that culture, keep fear out of the equation, and encourage communication and experimentation (along with the possibility of failure). It's amazing to watch someone go at it when they're uninhibited by fear. A better question is: If Steve Jobs started talking to you about a revolutionary idea that was going to change the world, what would you do? Chances are, you'd nod your head, smile, and go about your day. And then, a few years later, you'll hear about this super successful company run by some guy called Steve Jobs, and you'll be kicking yourself for not getting in on the ground floor of his operation. Except that you couldn't recognize that kind of success early unless you had experience investing in that kind of person. And you'd only hear about his smashing success, not the long hard road fraught with peril and failure that he travelled in order to arrive where he is today. Nothing comes for free. I'm saddened (but not surprised) at the negative reaction to the google boob picture. The fact is, there's nothing bad about that picture at all, and Tom is not a misogynist for posting it. Take a close look. There are 3 people in that photo. All three are smiling. All three are having fun. What exactly is wrong with that photo? Is it bad because it portrays the woman as a sex object? Why is that bad? Does it means that all women are sex objects? Obviously not. Does it mean that the woman in the photo is ONLY good for sex? Obviously not. So what's wrong with the photo? Is it because it encourages men to think of all women that way? Has any such sort of causal link been found? How many men at your office slap you on the ass on a daily basis? How many of them take you right there, on the office desk, just like in a pornographic magazine's depiction? What percentage of men behave like creeps? 1%? Do you honestly think that the only thing keeping the other 99% from going on a rape orgy is that they haven't been fed enough sexist propaganda? Do you think that the 1% would magically stop if you could just remove all material you find objectionable from the world? Who is to blame for the inappropriate behavior of these creeps? Licentious media? Just like violent video games turn our children into vicious killers? Just like marijuana turns people into psychopaths? If someone stabs someone with a kitchen knife, do you blame Henkel? If someone steals a car, do you blame Grand Theft Auto? If someone rapes a woman, do you blame pornography? Blaming someone else for a person's bad behavior is naive, childish, and dangerous. The person to correct is the person who committed the act. So what's wrong with that photo? Is it because its sexual nature offended some people? Some people are offended by a picture of two guys kissing. Should we condemn that too? Do you believe in the possibility of some women actually ENJOYING being treated like a sex object? If not, your objection becomes very understandable. It's fairly common to wrongly assume that everyone else thinks the same way as you do. If the thought of being treated that way disgusts you, then you'd probably assume that nobody in their right mind would enjoy it. You'd probably go through a laundry list of reasons why someone would participate: * She was coerced into it * She's not in her right mind * She was drugged or drunk The problem is that this line of thinking leads to the misogynistic view that women are somehow incapable of making their own decisions (we see this already in legislation that excuses the woman for having sex while drunk, but not the man). Suddenly, woman is a poor, defenseless creature who must be protected from everybody, especially herself. So what's wrong with that photo? All three members are consenting and enjoying themselves. Who are you to criticize their choice?