Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs. >You have to be middle-class or higher in an advanced economy to use their system, in real terms. True for Apple PCs (except for the Mac Mini, but most people don't buy those.) Especially true for MacBooks. Not true at all for iPhones which are available on very affordable plans in all developed countries, and are ubiquitous, even for users who are nowhere near middle class. Microsoft is in transition. The idiocy that was Windows 8 all-but killed the Wintel desktop PC market. The server side is healthy, but desktop Windows is looking very shaky indeed. For better or worse, Jobs deliberately moved Apple out of Enterprise. We can argue about why, and we can argue whether or not it was a good decision. But Apple decided to focus on consumer computing - which strengthened the consumer brand and freed up development resources, if nothing else. MS is still trying to slide into all kinds of niches. It's succeeding in a few, but failing and flailing in many. Nadella will likely be more focused than spaghetti-at-the-wall Ballmer, so we'll have to see how that works out. Azure isn't solid enough as a cloud service yet - too many outages. Server is looking good. Office is kind of old and boring now, but still does what it does. So what can MS offer modern startups that they can't get better and/or cheaper elsewhere? I guess 'population' never included the original natives. Journalism thinks it forms a cornerstone of our democracies. But then it also seems to believe that we have democracy, which we plainly don't. I like the article. It has weaknesses, but it makes some good points. The bigger issue - to what extent should the media be about political empowerment - is another question. I'd suggest current branding/advertising strategies are entirely about disempowerment, because they train consumers to think and act passively. When you believe that politics is about voting for Product A vs Product B, which is almost like a Facebook like only it lasts a little longer, then you've already lost all your political power. Traditional journalism was sometimes able to hold power to account. We're not going to that from clickbait intent/interest marketing. Can anyone imagine Buzzfeed breaking the next Pentagon Papers? So who's going to hold power to account now? And how? I also live in Europe and I've had no problem paying Linode with a debit card. >The threat from Qutbism Islamic Fundamentalism (Wahhabi/Salafist inspired terrorism) is real and intelligence organisations work constantly to prevent attacks. Is it more real than the threat from a government forcing disabled people into suicide? Or retooling 'reform' on the economy with zero-hours contracts, depressed wages, and asset inflation? If anyone was looking to protect the elderly, the young, and the incapacitated, do you really think they'd hire GCHQ, Group 4, Capita, and the rest? Oh - and we know the spooks keep personal files. This has been going on for decades. Anyone to the left of Enoch Powell was fair game - including at least one former Prime Minister. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2006/mar/15/comment... Are you telling us this has all stopped, because Internet, and because (we're told) you never saw it personally, so it doesn't happen? How many cheap, disposable, locally-networked drone-bombs could you make for the price of an F-35? How many could you make by spending 1% of the $1Tr tag the F-35 program has cost? Manned planes are the cavalry of the 21st century. They're glamorous and dashing, but also insanely high maintenance. On-board AI will only get better. And you only need one kill from a disposable unit to take out a manually-flown enemy. >In the last sixty years, a tremendous amount of money has been poured into education. That wouldn't be the last sixty years of explosive innovation and social growth, would it? You mean the most inventive and creative sixty years in all of human history? The problem now is that universities have become degree mills and social networking clubs. The subscription fees are insane, and because education has become commoditised, and too much of the process exists to exploit students instead of educating them, the results are becoming ever-more mediocre. But it would surely be possible to make useful adult education a part-time thing, with the rest of the time spent on useful work. It's not as if there aren't enough jobs that need to be done in healthcare, infrastructure maintenance, childcare, teaching, and all the other work that counts towards social, not investor, dividends. Unfortunately these jobs are deemed 'too expensive' and 'a drain on resources' - which is code for 'we're not going to make money from them in the next six months, so fuck everyone.' Stock prices are animal herd logic, not science. See e.g. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=670404 If you believe that business should have long-term horizons and not simply be a machine for organising the maximum possible quarterly profit, stock markets in their current form are one of the least efficient ways to organise labor and capital. Inflated CEO pay is only one symptom of this. Just as an aside, I don't think ePub3 is going anywhere. Last time I looked it was an unholy mess and likely to remain so. As less of an aside, I think CC sharing and direct crowdfunding is the way things will go for creators. The only thing labels and distributors bring to the table for artists is public access, sponsorship, and promotion. A public creative network would bypass the first, support direct funding for the second, and promotion would become by fans for fans. I see no bad here - and if it means an end-run around the monopsonies and the death of the ad networks, even better. Neat idea. But if you were a time traveller, what would you use Google for, and why? I'm not convinced you're going to be Googling the future pope, because it's trivially easy to Google the current one. The possible telltales are not obvious. "so it's really hard to get a serious job in, say, software development, with just a few Coursera courses on your resumé" I think most wise recruiters will look for evidence of being smart, of getting stuff done, and of being a good fit. Unless you're in research, serious jobs are project based, not learning based. If you spend three years learning all you can about CS and making an Awesome Cool Thing, I don't think many employers are going to think 'Meh.' The situation in the UK is that degrees are getting more and more expensive and less and less valuable. It's making more sense now to go straight into work, even at intern level, than to lose three years and rack up tens of thousands in debt for no obvious benefit. If the teaching and learning were truly worth the cash, it would be no contest. But outside the Big Name universities, they really aren't. And even there, a big part of the benefit comes the networking opportunities. In middle league universities you don't get the networking, or the teaching, or the experience, or the industry connections. So what are you paying for? This seems like the beginnings of something essential. The current system is hopelessly broken and corrupt. It's not serving most students, it's not serving most teachers, and it's not even serving most employers. It mostly seems to be serving bean counters, bureaucrats, and property speculators, who are all making out like bandits. A serious disruption is inevitable. >than some imagined hurt to the economy Whose economy? I don't see how people who are working >80 hours a week are living in the same economy as the 'investors' they work for. Real spending power for most people has crashed since 2008; tech is a rare exception. How can that happen if these people are valued, equal participants in the national economy? Most EU unemployment is in the countries comprehensively raped by the IMF/EU Central Bank/European Commission cabal, who swooped in after 2008 demanding huge cuts in social spending so that the bond investors who were partly responsible for the crisis would be inconvenienced as little as possible. Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain and Cyprus have seen huge leaps in unemployment, underage prostitution, suicide, child and adult mortality, and drug use as a result. They used to be solid economies, with EU-wide unemployment running at around 7%. Now they're hollowed out shells. 'Employers' have nothing to do with this. It was purely a political decision, based on bad economic science (at best) and north-south racism at worst. Specifically, it's PR for nice lounges. Maybe YC can found LoungeBase[tm] - my new start-up which offers lounge services for customers of other startups. More seriously, I read Branson's autobiog recently. He likes taking chances, but if he hadn't had family resources to fall back on when starting out he would have been in jail. So that helped too. The professionals use StackOverflow. My problem with articles like this is that it ignores the fact that adults frequently act fearful and crazy too - especially when acting collectively and/or politically. You wouldn't have politics in its current forms if adult humans were fully rational and able to treat fear-mongering demagogues with indifference and contempt instead of adulation. Perhaps the real difference between adolescence and that kind of adulthood is the fact that adult craziness is mainstream and socially sanctioned, so it's not seen as crazy, while teen angst is considered proof of immaturity because it's not 'responsibly' frightened like adults are. Money is not merely a means of trading goods. Capitalist culture is essentially a Darwinian zero-sum game. Winners win big, losers lose freedom, basic necessities, and ultimately their lives - directly through a life of quasi-slavery working for someone else's benefit, and also through drastically shortened lifespan. Money is the game counter. Decisions about how much money is available, who has access to it under what circumstances, and how much freedom they get in return for that access, define the game. But they're not set democratically - they're declared by a fiat, by a priestly caste of economists and bankers who administer the game. The big difference between a Star Trek economy and this one is that in Star Trek, the game doesn't exist. Nor does the priestly caste. What happens instead is that individuals trust the culture to do everything it can to look after them, and in return the culture trusts individuals to contribute voluntarily without freeloading, or without having some kind of semi-psychotic 'use all the things' fit of pointless public consumption. It's effectively a trust economy, instead of a top-down planned economy like the capitalist system. Wait - capitalism is a planned economy? Uh huh. Didn't you notice? It's as planned as the Soviet economy was, but instead of the Politburo, the planning is coordinated by the priestly caste which sets the rules of commerce (e.g. 'corporations must maximise profits and growth at all costs, even at the expense of long-term social stability'.) In Star Trek, the economists have been replaced by planners who treat individuals like adults. The individuals act like adults, because they understand that the social benefits of volunteering time and talent vastly outweigh the personal costs, even if it costs them their lives. In capitalism individuals are forced to compete for essentials. This makes volunteering impossible for most of the population. It also turns the culture into a bear pit, and wastes a lot of energy on pointlessly damaging individual competition. >A large component of 70's stagflation was just supply shocks for oil. Why this never gets brought up, or is just brushed aside casually is beyond me. It's politically expedient to forget it - just as it's politically expedient to forget that the people causing the oil shocks and the people who benefited from them politically seemed (and continue to seem) to have some interesting relationships. Keynes is in danger of being written out of history, in the same way that dissidents like Henry George were. I'm not sure how many people realise the extent to which anti-Keynesian narratives were deliberately promoted and funded after WWII, especially in Chicago. The fact that Keynes is no longer considered an orthodox policy source is not an accident. >All statements are true, false, arbitrary, or nonsensical. And which was that? AI depends heavily on statements that are somewhat true and somewhat false at the same time. How distorted does a letter shape have to be before it stops being readable? How much does readability depend on context? How much does meaning depend on context? What if input is inherently ambiguous and noisy but there's a signal under there somewhere? As for smarts, there are different kinds: Abstract symbolic reasoning (e.g. pure maths) Using abstract symbolic reasoning to predict possible futures (physics, engineering, finance, AI) A talent for optimising choices towards an explicit goal through abstract reasoning about possible futures (all of the above, with brain-powered decision making) The same, but using unconscious processes ('intuition') that are not explicitly abstract or logical (all brain, no AI so far, but still effective) The author seems to be suggesting that the first two kinds of smarts don't necessarily translate into the second two kinds, for various reasons. And not all smart people realise this. He's in the Ecuadorian Embassy, which is beyond the legal reach of the US, the UK, and Sweden. He jumped bail because the UK was going to deport him to Sweden, and Sweden was likely to deport him to the US, where he'd be Manninged before (eventual) trial. Jumping bail isn't a crime in the UK. It simply means the gov gets to keep your bail money. If Sweden drops charges he'll be free to go, unless the UK can manufacture a pretext for extradition (always possible) or the US sweeps him off the street (also possible, but unlikely to make the US popular with European countries who are already unhappy about being spied on.) The key element is motivation. Good managers are about getting the job done. Bad managers are all about abusing the people under them to make themselves feel more important. These are not compatible goals. One of the tragedies of MBA culture is that it teaches businesses to screw over employees, customers, and often shareholders too. There's no sense of making a contribution - it's all about being the criminal with the knife, taking on people who can't defend themselves or don't even understand they're being mugged. An archipelago of lush but unstable islands prone to earthquakes and volcanoes? It's the difference between yelling at innocent people in an uncoordinated and sporadic way, and attacking them with heavy weaponry because you believe they're Satan. I'm in my 50s, and I'm having a ton of fun with this new stuff. After burning out at a startup that did everything in 68000 assembler (nice architecture...) in my 20s I'm getting back to dev work now and finding I still have aptitude and curiosity. There is a lot happening. But the change has barely has started yet. I can see hints of new shapes coming over the horizon, and anyone who thinks they're going to be needing the same skills ten years from now is fooling themselves. Imperative and functional styles have been around for decades already, it's true there's a lot of pointless reinvention (at worst) and refinement (at best) happening. But very different things will start happening within the decade. IMO the fallout after the bootstrapping will be like nothing anyone has seen before. If you want to provide evidence of a surplus of rational evidence-based policy in national and economic policy and international relations in the last hundred years or so, I'm sure you can prove my point is bullshit. But so far all you've done is call me names, which isn't evidence as most people understand it. Maybe not so ironically, it's a fine example of the kind of angry rhetoric I was talking about. >how can you explain the modern world, in which the poorest residents of the industrialized countries consider their birthright many things that the Kings of old could literally not have gotten at any price? You mean the world in which regulation and enforced redistribution of profits created a thriving middle class and spurred a boom in tech innovation? The world which started dying around 1980, when regulation began to be eroded? The world which is now over, leaving a working population crippled by debt, unable to afford basic housing even on a way-above-average salary? Tech is an exception. Kind of. Some of the time. For now. The important word there being 'exception.' What made kings kings wasn't a pile of stuff, it was the ability to set policy. How much influence do you have over national and international policy? Do you think the question is ridiculous? It's not. It's the fundamental question that defines democracy. How big is your area of interest? You? Your family? Your friends? Your company? Your country? The world? How wide and detailed is your predictive horizon? >Don't just read the propaganda, think. Don't just think and persuade yourself that you're right - research, fact-check, and challenge your own beliefs. Talk to people outside your comfort zone and usual circles. Go find out what's happening on the streets, in other countries, in the areas of the planet that are becoming increasingly inhospitable and difficult to live in. Then we can talk about the modern world means to the people who live in it. You may find not everyone is as comfortable as you are. Capitalism is a naive, wasteful way to run an economy. It explodes regularly in boom/bubble/bust cycles, it wastes human and natural resources with insane abandon, and it enforces a tacit caste system which puts a huge brake on social mobility. My iPhone is nice. So is medical care. The Internet is definitely a win. Last time I looked science and engineering invented most of these things. Capitalism tried to sell them to me, not always in a good way. Sometimes it kept me from trying to find better alternatives. (Richard Gabriel is good on this.) So I'm not yet convinced everyone couldn't have equivalent things - perhaps much better things - without having to pay a wrenchingly high price in avoidable economic instability, and questionable, sometimes corrupt, policy. I'm not sure that font choices are entirely subjective. Legibility matters, and it's not impossible that better legibility means fewer bugs and less eye/brain strain. It would be cool if there was objective research into this. (I don't know of any, but I haven't tried searching very hard.) I can't look at M+ without seeing M+. With other fonts - I'm old-fashioned and like Menlo, but I've tried many others - all I see is code. All the visual twitching - busy, busy, busy - makes me feel like I'm looking at someone's migraine. Worked fine on Chrome for Mac here, but instantly redlined my i7. Eventually there will be a Raspberry Pi Raspberry Pi. Let's hope it handles tail recursion. I made a home heating controller with temp plotting and frost alarm out of a couple of Pis. I don't think a $5 microcontroller would have run a tiny web server, tiny email server, or the plotter code that forms the core of the project. The Pi is a fine budget Linux computer. It's not fast, it's not powerful, it's not expensive. But it's fast enough and powerful enough for embedded applications you can put online without breaking a sweat. I bolted some 10A 5V relays onto the GPIO pins via a 3V3-5V converter board to switch the heating circuits on and off. There are some standard 1-wire temp sensors - docs are easy to find online. The 1-wire protocol allows for really long cabling and doesn't need external power, so it's ideal for this kind of project There's some incredibly simple Python code controlling the relays and reading the sensors, and GNUPLOT runs off a cron job to plot the temperatures to image files that get served in a web page via lighttpd. Because I don't have a static IP at home the Pi pings my Linode server with its IP address every minute, and the Pi server web pages are wrapped in an iframe that pulls them off the current home IP. The whole thing is a total hack, but it works well enough. Bottom line is I can see the indoor/pipe/tank/outdoor temps from anywhere, and the heating turns on if it thinks the pipes are going to freeze, and turns off if the water in the tank and/or room temps are warm enough. I can also turn the heating on and off remotely. It wasn't quite trivial to do, but it wasn't a hair-tearing challenge either. So far as I can tell, it was easier than it would have been with alternative boards. Basically anyone who knows beginner-level Linux server set-up and some very basic electronics should be able to build something like this around the Pi. It's perfect for this kind of embedded micro-server/controller project. Intelligent behaviour in humans and other animals shows evidence of wide-scale situational awareness, and independent, unpredictable motivation. Before you use pattern recognition (i.e. pre-defined, remembered, or improvised abstraction for invariants) to solve a problem, you have to understand there's a problem to be solved. ML seems to be doing well at pattern recognition, but that second problem - understanding what needs to be done in a situation, and why, and accurately predicting possible developments and consequences - is possibly more critical for real singularity-style intelligence. It's machine reasoning as opposed to machine learning - in the street-wise sense, not the theorem proving sense. I'm not sold. The first thing you see on Knewton's page is 'Every education leader needs an adaptive learning infrastructure'. Then you have a buzzword car crash with 'Adaptive Ontology', 'Model Computation Engine', etc. It's a good bet that most people - education leaders included - know nothing about ML. So what they see here is a page of jargon they don't understand, and some social proof (not so bad, but a bit late.) You don't get a plain English benefit statement - 'See how Knewton improves student achievement' - until you scroll to the bottom of the page and/or start clicking through to the next pages. Is this design really the result of user analytics? Did the page say something like 'We help your students learn", but that was taken down because it didn't get conversions? Bottom line - I'd be surprised if the content on this page makes it easier to sell the product to first-time visitors. (And it looks like an interesting product. But I can guess what the words mean, so I'm probably not a typical customer.) I'm open to the idea that marketing needs engineering, and vice versa. But I'd suggest that more than anything, start-ups need a good customer champion who can step outside the company culture to provide evidence-based reviews of marketing materials and products as customers see them - not as marketing or engineering want them to be seen. Analytics may not be enough, because you can't be sure you're asking the right questions and mis-optimizing for a small local maximum while missing something important elsewhere. Yes. We have the problem that the 'financial industry' is running some kind of insane MMORPG which excludes and abuses most of the population to make a fast buck. What markets should do to be efficient is invest in clever, talented people doing clever, talented things. Every step back from that is economically inefficient, because it makes it harder to create a population with deep reserves of wealth and opportunity. Games like this one are the equivalent of having someone cut in front of you on the freeway in a semi. It's not efficient, it's just banal abuse of a system that is supposed to reward good ideas and filter out bad ones. >The economics of subscription suggest a shift in incentives away from the years-long creation of 300+ page tomes, and toward serialization or shorter forms. This has already happened. For smarter writers, Amazon's distribution model killed the Big Novel model and pushed them to a cheap installment-of-the-month model. Dickens used to publish like this (not through Amazon, obviously) so it's not necessarily a bad model. But writers are notoriously bad at business, which is why mainstream publishing contracts have gotten away with being so larcenous and exploitative for so long, and why it's been so hard to make a living out of fiction unless you top the best-seller lists. Amazon changed that. A lot of authors were finding they could support themselves from self-published fiction, full-time - which was never possible with trad-pub contracts, because they give mid-list and lower writers a tiny advance, insultingly small royalties, and take up to two years to get a book into the stores after the writing is done. Those self-pub writers are going to be looking at this nervously to see how it changes the economics again. Not that they should be surprised. A lot of people predicted this. From the content of this email, it's not middle management that's the problem. This is Mammoth Management - you stomp around looking big and hairy and making trumpeting noises, and then you become extinct. You're assuming the unprofitable business will become profitable. Businesses are never unprofitable because they have too many employees. Businesses are unprofitable when management lacks the skills, the foresight, or the vision to make those employees profitable. Edit: If this isn't obvious consider what a world-class entrepreneur could do with 12,000 experienced employees, a couple of billion in severance savings, and a kick-ass idea. We don't. But the odds are good - based on hard evidence - that the absence of warrants and reasonable suspicions makes no difference whatsoever. >Many terrible arguments are for things you should do. Many seemingly perfect arguments are in support of horrible things. That mixes up the quality and sophistication of the arguers with general validity. The problem is more that decision-making - especially political and economic decision-making - isn't evidence-based. The fact that economists and politicians use rhetoric instead of reason suggests that you can't have a workable democracy without evidence-based policy. I'd go further and suggest that knowingly lying to or misleading the public should be a serious crime punishable by jail time. Lists like the one in this book aren't enough, because so few people understand there's a problem. I'm waiting for the 'Let's build a Moonbase' Kickstarter. The great thing about this book is that it's not just for Processing. It has the most accessible descriptions of vector fields, genetic algorithms, neural networks (etc) that I've seen anywhere. >The point of these complications is that you are able to travel farther and faster on a jumbo jet than on a bicycle and these journeys will take you to many more interesting places But perhaps really good tools would offer all of that without losing the ease of use of a bicycle. The problem is that current tools are working at the toolchain equivalent of assembler - or maybe C, for something like git. Tools that work at the toolchain equivalent of a good functional programming language - never mind a toolchain with useful AI assistance - haven't been built yet. Including a Cult of Personality, in too many cases. Even if it's not always wreathed around individuals, the role has been mythologized to an unhealthy, even a ridiculous extent which has allowed many CEOs to ignore consequences and accountability. But my suspicion is that in the general case, all systems tend towards aristocracy and oligarchy, no matter how they dress on the outside, and that every system evolves its own Theory of Social Privilege to legitimise and promote certain kinds of relationships and transactions and prevent others. I'm not aware of any mainstream economic theory that describes a limited network in which everyone is both a customer and a trader. (I suspect 'hamsters on wheels' comes closest, but it's not very mainstream.) I think of YC as the modern equivalent of the old music business model: money gets advanced to potential talent, most of it disappears, some of it returns as a big hit. The fact that the talent may be trading with other talent doesn't appear to alter that dynamic, because the money stays in the system, and you don't get a big hit until money starts coming in from outside the system. 'Epistemology - we've heard of it.' Are you saying that science should never be used to guide policy, because scientific conclusions are always debatable? As it happens they are - for varying values of 'debatable.' When you get a reasonable level of informed consensus - preferably one that has a reasonable chance of being undistorted by commercial interests - the debatability stops being interesting or relevant. The problem isn't that conclusions aren't certain. The problem is that political decision makers believe their personal opinions about policy and outcomes are at least as valid as those of full-time PhD-qualified professional researchers. And voters believe them. Because rhetoric. You don't need to know who Thomas Bayes was to understand how this leads to policy disasters. You don't even need to believe that experts are always right. You just need to understand that they're more likely to be right than an amateur with a sharp suit, a financial sponsor, and a strong opinion. Virgin are primarily a brand, not a syndicate. Branson owns Virgin Management who are the central VC/Management corp. He has varying stakes in the other companies which vary from outright ownership, majority holding, minority holding, to brand licensing deals with occasional informal management input but no shareholding. Bottom line is the different businesses are independent. Branson probably gets perks like free travel, and maybe some of the Virgin execs do. But I'm not aware of any loose internal market or preferred vendor relationship. I'm trying and failing to think of an example of the model you're suggesting. (Which doesn't mean there isn't one - just that I'm not familiar with it. Maybe the recent Apple/IBM deal?) It's an interesting model, but I'm not sure how well it works when customers can also be potential competitors. AFAIK syndication traditionally works better when relationships are distant and there's no immediate danger of competition. If you want to scare yourself, try using the words 'JavaScript' and 'Singularity' in the same sentence. I tried Trello and didn't get it. Now I'm wondering if I'm the only person on the planet for whom it didn't work. But still - I have a lot of ideas and projects that need organising, and Trello just didn't happen for me. Good on JS for another successful launch though. Let's spare a few moderated neutrons for Project Pluto: http://www.merkle.com/pluto/pluto.html Considering the trail of idiocy and failure in tech, especially at C-Suite level, 'The industry must be competitive' is perhaps not a statement that overlaps with reality. Competition is not a fetish. It's not a de facto solution that showers the world with good things. Quite often it makes people do unintelligent things for silly reasons. It's actually a mythology. And it's perfectly fine to criticise blind adherence to it. As for women in tech - I'm always fascinated that the pressure is one way. Why don't the fashion or beauty industries - which are hardly small or financially irrelevant - complain that so few men work in them? I suppose there's a presumption that tech is very serious and important, and fashion and beauty are trivial, silly, and vapid. Problem is, tech is often trivial, silly, and vapid too - as is a lot of business culture. How many products have been released that fundamentally fail to work? How many projects have veered off in surreal directions because innovation[tm]? How many episodes of Dilbert have there been now? Perhaps it's the perception of seriousness and importance that's the real problem. As a side note, fashion contributes around £26bn to UK GDP. It's very difficult to get hard facts how software compares, because the definition can include anyone selling anything from a website. But web design and app development on their own are much, much smaller. >Clearly someone thinks they're good for grunt work, but not suited to lead. This. Who sets policy? Who makes the decisions? What value system do they use to do it? And most of all - who benefits from their decisions? The debate isn't really about diversity, it's about values. And you won't get 'diversity' until those values change and become less dysfunctionally self-serving. If you have no experience of good education, how are you supposed to know what good education can do for you? America used to have first-rate public schools. So did many other Western countries. A lot of the early computer pioneers from the late 40s to the late 60s came up through that system, and it's a fair bet that technology would have developed more slowly without it. But for some reason teaching the proles to think and improve themselves doesn't meet with universal approval, and public education now is much less generous than it used to be. At the same time there's been a constant propaganda onslaught from low-information media that shapes perceptions about what's interesting and important, and that media menu doesn't include learning cool stuff for fun or for profit. So people end up educationally damaged and demotivated for a reason. Pigeon-holing them as 'lazy and unmotivated' is a very lazy way to misunderstand what's happened to them. Everyone involved in WW2 could do worse than research who funded Hitler, and why. WW2 wouldn't have happened without that funding. It's interesting - to me, anyway - that there's endless talk about patterns and methodologies and various heavily promoted (but often questionable) project management traditions in software. But there's no formal, explicit and established pattern/process which guides a project through the stages of invention, innovation, refinement (debugging and user feedback), deployment and promotion, and preparation for maintenance with documentation. If you're lucky and/or experienced and/or have good project management some of these things will be done well. If not - nope. In your case I can see why ASIC culture crept over to software. But if software had an existing culture, you - and everyone else - would be able to try out new ideas without management terror that you were going to break something. I read the $3-4m as what they're hoping the idea might be worth, one day. I.e. wishful thinking, and irrelevant. Likewise the $500k. Does that depend on a successful funding round? Because if it does, it's a long way from being a sure thing. You're being low-balled on salary and on equity. This doesn't set a good precedent for your future relationship. A competent, trustworthy founder team would do neither. I'd either pass or suggest they pay the market rate for the same level of equity. If they can't afford the market rate - or can't afford it yet - that's Not Your Problem. Of course there's the risk they have something really special. But I'd guess if it's really special, funding will be easier to find and there should be no need to make you take on a financial risk just to work there. Don't forget the Joel Spolsky Company Operating system. He has a solid string of successes, and I don't think he'd operate like this. This is more or less how the Royal Society started. Academia should now be considered a conglomerate of business corporations, dedicated primarily to increasing profits and income and cutting costs. Like other corps there's a trend towards increasing perceptions of value by marketing mediocre products and experiences to death, rather than providing actual social value with products and relationships that are truly inspiringly awesome. So I don't think the current model is sustainable. It won't collapse next week, but I'd be surprised if we're still here twenty years from now. As for PhDs - in my own area of interest the tenured people are pretty mediocre (believe me - I've worked through their papers) and most of the innovation and invention happens in industry. So, there's no obvious benefit to spending the money. As it happens I earn enough to do research part time - no special resources needed in this field - and I'm getting a lot of satisfaction from making my own way for my own reasons. If you were bigger you'd be looking for a COO - Chief Operations/Operating Officer. A CEO does strategy, fund-raising, investor relations, and top level PR and interviews. CEOs don't primarily deal with the details you're describing - although in startups they sometimes have to. If you want to be more down to earth about it, hire an office manager to do stock/order management and perhaps some HR, and a temp or book keeper to do the boring paperwork. How? The usual places - online jobs boards. If you don't like the paperwork I'd make sure you get an accountant to keep on top of the even more boring things like tax and PAYE. Otherwise the Revenue will hit you with a giant bill and close you down. It's very good for the companies that benefit from the outsourcing. >Just look at the artificial ecosystems we create - they aren't in and danger of collapsing Have you seen what's been happening in California? Do you not understand that areas without a reliable supply of water are literally uninhabitable? Or that observing your neighbour's green - or brown - lawn today says nothing about water availability two decades from now? Ecosystems work until they don't. When they stop working, you are entirely screwed. The point of thinking long-term is to avoid that outcome. Saying 'Well it hasn't happened yet so it can't' is unscientific and entirely unrelated to how these things actually work. >I suspect, but cannot prove, the wikipedia number is more likely to be correct. The Wikipedia number is not correct, because even a single blast has long term consequences, and in a full scale war, the consequences are more significant than the initial damage. Even if the blast was just one a of a handful, survivors would have to contend with fallout from other detonations, followed by nuclear winter, followed by years of famine, mutation, cancer, and other diseases. In a full scale war, nukes are targeted at nuke power plants, so there would be even more fallout - enough to sterilise many parts of the US. Initial casualties would be a small percentage of the eventual total. Even a limited exchange in a distant part of the world would have global consequences. See e.g. http://phys.org/news/2013-12-nuclear-war-civilization-famine... I don't think anyone knows what would happen to an area after 400 detonations. My (wild) guess is that you'd get a blob of extremely hot rock melting its way down through the crust and enough fallout to sterilise the Northern hemisphere. So kind of a dumb idea from a strategic point of view. Which is how debt collectors work. The hedge fund guys are just debt sharks. They're contributing nothing of value to anyone - possibly not even to themselves, because it's not so unlikely there will be international fallout that massively damages their other holdings. Nope. Ed Witten (of M-Theory fame) famously did the entire undergrad physics syllabus in his own time one summer after completing a different degree. Then he applied as a postgrad, aced his interviews, and got in. The tragic thing about the 10k myth is that it makes people who aren't the best of the best underestimate just how good the really talented people are. Most people simply cannot do what Witten did. No amount of personal tutoring or practice time is going to give them that kind of cognitive ability. The reality is that you can take them a random selection of kids, hothouse them in any subject, and most of them will turn out to be good at best. Not brilliant, not geniuses - just good. There's certainly an argument to be made that a lot of talent is wasted, and education is much better at destroying ability than nurturing it. But that's a different point. The bottom line is some people just get it - whatever it is - and they're outstanding. I'd guess most people here get technology like that to an extent that most of the population can't imagine. I'm certainly not brilliant, but I'm much better at getting technology to work than my friends and neighbors. Take an aptitude like that, level up ten times or so, apply it to math or physics or music, and you get some idea what 'brilliant' might mean. I watched Avengers and thought it looked old - a 1940s Hollywood vibe but with 2010s CGI. RDJ has made a brilliant career out of rebooting Errol Flynn. I'll give GOTG a go out of interest. Minor flaw in your point - it's even harder for governments to budget rationally when some shark buys up all their old debt on the cheap and tries to bankrupt them, because money. Tinker I'd suggest you become acquainted a few heterodox economists - Keynes, Steve Keene, and some of the other names who haven't been corrupted by Chicagoism - and then perhaps you'll see why transferability is not the problem. The point remains - giving vulture speculators the ability to hold entire populations hostage is political special pleading, not sound growth-based economics. Oddly enough, Overtone running in Clojure will give you a much interesting and creative musical experience than OM will. (In my opinion, anyway.) >They can't use the same technique It's not the technique, it's the precedent. The technology is really not the point here. >None of those conditions exists for tax fraud, or for that matter terrorism. Actually they exist for both. Google is only one possible access point for monitoring. The question is whether we want Internet services of all kinds of to be part of a culture of automated state surveillance. I'd suggest there are good reasons for answering that question with a firm 'No'. I've attempted - and failed - to establish a US account many times. I've even asked US natives and US banks over here to help, and they couldn't do it either. I always seem to run into rules abut money laundering, domicile, and all kinds of other bureaucratic nonsense. If anyone has managed to get past this, I'd love to know what the secret is. Don't banks ask for proof of LLC 'residence' - usually an office lease, or something else that proves there's a real address? What's the name of the Silicon Valley bank? Well - that was unexpectedly obvious. :) >This article ignores a lot of peer-reviewed literature from planning, public health / injury prevention, and civil engineering in favor of some folksy wisdom of a lieutenant cop. More than that, it's pure econo-meta - regulation is bad, freedom is good, if you leave people alone they'll behave responsibly, and everyone wins. It's a moral parable (for economic values of 'moral') not a peer-reviewed paper. Here's a newspaper piece that summarises some of the relevant peer reviewed research and draws a different conclusion: http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/13/speed-l... Open plan is Kryptonite for introverts. We need silence and no distractions. But you'd probably go insane in my working environment, which is in a house surrounded by fields miles from a city with no one else in it, except me. Point is, you should tailor the spaces to the individuals working in them. There is no Generic Industry Standard Employee. Which is why trying to enforce Generic Industry Standard Working Environments is maybe not such an effective way to get cool stuff out the door. As for Agile etc - it's a 20th century methodology, not a 21st century one. I have no idea what 21st century software development is going to look like. Nor does anyone else, because no one has invented it yet. You miss the point of the article, which is that it's not victimology to understand that social mobility depends on a lot more than talent or hard work, and that you have to be either young or naive to believe that that's all it takes. I'm currently reading a biography of one of the most famous and successful British rock bands. The core of the band met at a famous public school. They had: 1. Spare money to buy instruments and equipment, including vans and cars 2. Plenty of rehearsal opportunities - often in very large country houses or grand cottages where they stayed for free 3. Direct access to successful people in their immediate social circles 4. No immediate financial pressures. (Not that they were rich. But they were never in danger of starving or becoming homeless.) They happened to be very talented. But without those opportunities the talent would not have been enough, and they would have had to join most of their peers in ordinary jobs. Class is a network of opportunities that is denied to outsiders. It's also about learned social confidence within the network. A few 'Well I made it so you can too' anecdotes are beside the point. A few people always do make it, no matter what. The real issue is the number who don't, in spite of best efforts and hard work, and of the talent and hard work wasted in a culture of low social mobility. The failures never appear in Fortune, but they're out there in their millions. >They're in business because they provide value to the authors and artists Publishers provide value to themselves, not to authors or artists. Argument from quality: nope. Most publishers won't touch quality writing, because they know the market for it is limited. Joyce would never be published today. Austen might, but Austen is a bit difficult, so probably not. Lessing was turned down by a major publisher when she tried submitting under a different name, just to see what happened. I have my doubts if Pynchon or Vonnegut would be taken on today. (Has anyone of equivalent ability been signed in the last twenty five years?) There's a huge market for ghost-written celebrity blather nonsense, landfill SF and Fantasy, and two-glasses-of-wine-and-a-billionaire chicklit, and a much smaller market for self-absorbed litfic. But quality literature? Argument from services provided: nope again. Editors aren't quite two a penny, but good ones are available for hire. Likewise cover designers. Because you're paying them direct, you'll find that an editing process that takes publishers 18 months can be completed in a few weeks. Argument from marketing: Publishers literally won't lift a finger to help any author who isn't already selling in the millions. Argument from financial support: A couple of $k up front if you're very lucky, in return for losing 85% of future income. And you'll probably be offered a crappy work for hire contract. So - what is this 'value' that publishers provide? It's true that a whole lot of important filtering goes on. Otherwise we'd have to put up with Twilight and Fifty Shades of Grey, when we could be reading polished high-quality titles that twinkle with the elusive literary aura that only publishers can add. [snerk] Here is The Thing: publishing used to be an educated middle class business catering to educated middle class readers. Self-publishing opened the market to less-educated writers producing work for less-educated readers. Amazon basically reinvented the old Victorian penny dreadful market in digital form. Does this matter? Not really. The penny dreadfuls didn't kill literature. In fact, in a round-about way, they eventually launched science fiction and fantasy as genres. Publishers gave up on real literature back in the 80s, when all the old small semi-amateur publishing houses were swallowed by corporate sharks. So don't look for not-crappy there. There is some basic filtering to eliminate people who can't write at all . But Amazon reviewers are getting pickier, so it's not obvious the can't write at all crowd will survive for much longer. Meanwhile, many not-quite-mainstream writers have pulled themselves out of publisher-enforced poverty by selling direct. Is this a bad thing? No, it really isn't. I'll just point out the unspoken bias here - it's fine for powerful people to abuse their power, and less powerful people aren't allowed to complain because it might be seen as someone challenging the power balance at a level they shouldn't aspire to. In other relationships, 'Shut up and know your place' is the textbook definition of victim shaming in abusive situations. Authors keep using publishing houses because too many authors are insecure dilettantes and want a pat on the head from someone to reassure them they're Real Writers - and therefore people of cultural weight and import. And it remains true that top-selling established authors do okay out of trad pub. The 1% of writers in that category get decent enough advances and some PR support. Everyone else is wasting their time and getting screwed over. Including a tragically large number of people who write for university presses. (I really hope Piketty got a lawyer to look over his contract.) Writers are not, generally, minded to think of writing as a business full of business people doing business people things. But some do - in increasing numbers. If you know anything about the industry, you'll know that where ten years ago it was taken as read that you needed an agent and a real publisher, otherwise you were just some noob with a vanity contract, the reality now is that writers are stampeding away from the agent+publisher deal package. Agents are literally panicking about their jobs. The charge has been led by romance writers, who have a terrifyingly efficient business and support association (the RWA) and not a few self-made self-pub millionaires. The problem with a site like HN is that most people posting here know very little about the industry. But when you're in it, and you've been following developments in detail for a few years, the picture doesn't look the same as it does from outside. Most of those have had established careers for a long time. McCarthy is relatively new, but he was soundly rejected by all the big pubs, published by a tiny house, and then the big pubs reconsidered when he started shifting copies. Which is almost exactly what happened to JK Rowling, only her books are slightly more accessible. The big pubs do not take risks. If a writer can show evidence of critical interest and existing strong sales, they suddenly become interested. Signing on the basis of a strong, original manuscript? Not any more. I'm sure there's an exception every year or five, but it's a good bet that unless you're incredibly lucky and/or know commissioning editors personally already because you all went to university together, the odds of getting in through the front door are not good now. Does that mean everyone gets stock? Ah. Thought not. I have no issue with meditation or mindfulness. I have huge issues with trying to combine them with for-profit strive-and-drive hit-the-goals success culture. To me, that's a contradictory and frankly crazy-making combination. The last time I saw something similar was when Lululemon tried to make yoga-culture and positivity obligatory. That was not so successful at making employees treat each other well: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/stewart-j-lawrence/when-yogis-... I don't doubt Asana is a cool place to work. But I don't think it's necessary to use jargon from other cultures and spiritual traditions to make people happy and get stuff done. I find the approach culty and creepy, and unless rewards are being distributed with the workload, I also question whether it's fully informed at best - or entirely sincere, at worst. But they're not nearly as big as the dangers of predatory "for-profit" education. And I'm fairly sure I've never heard anyone say "Oh crap - we've run out of lawyers." When the RIAA tries to crucify pirates it rebounds off the Streisand Effect. I'm not sure what Caesar would do today. Maybe start a band? It's a huge factor in the UK's tradition of multi-million pound fuckups. There's a definite bias against people, especially clever people, who get stuff done. You're not supposed to do that here - you're supposed to get on by knowing the right people, talking a good game, and being above it all because of your social connections and money. Actual hands-on development work is for the little people. Occasionally one needs to say important-sounding things in public and hustle a little. But that's as practical as it gets. The irony is that the UK has world-class engineering talent, and a long history of real innovation. But the UK is the only country to have had - for example - its own working satellite launch platform, and thrown it away to save money. We genuinely have some of the worst political and business "leadership" in the developed world. By far the most efficient wind turbine placements are offshore. We have plenty of coast, and so far very little of it has offshore wind farms. We also have a good few estuaries that could create electricity relatively easily - using known and proven technology, which fusion certainly isn't. Bottom line is these figures are either incompetent or disingenuous. I'm old enough to remember fusion being touted as the Next Big Thing for literally all of my life. Commercial containment fusion seems no closer now than it did fifty years ago. There are alternatives, but they're highly speculative. Dropping YC cash on them makes sense as a long shot, but the science doesn't suggest it's wise to expect them to make good. Until they try to get a phone contract, or a broadband contract, or even an electricity supply they can pay from a bank account. I know people who have had problems with all of the above because of poor credit. I agree that the credit industry relies on extortion. I also know for a fact that some debt collectors act as front men for 'legit' banks and credit card companies who use them to extort extra interest from written-off debt. So they get a double profit - a tax write-off, and some or all of the principal back, with interest. The lenders should - and I guess do - run actuarial models which give them a good idea what current and future default rates are. I know there's at least one credit card company in the UK that deliberately lends to people with poor credit - not because it's run by nice people, but because it knows it can maximise profit by taking defaulters to court and foreclosing on their houses. It's a vile, despicable business run by failed human beings. But you're getting shady/manipulative actions already. The only difference is that this approach would favour debtors, not lenders. It's not as if banks don't expect exactly the benefits you're not allowing debtors when their own debts blow up. If banks get bail-outs - and do they ever - why shouldn't ordinary people? That's not actually how it works. Money is not a thing. Money is a decision and a means of social punishment/reward. Lending is either an executive function based on (supposed) faith in the future, or it's gambling, or it's client patronage, or it's extortion. There is no financial business model which does not reduce to these relationships. In your example, the factory gets built if someone important decides it should be built. They charge 'interest' based on justifications assembled from some combination of gambling, extortion, or patronage. It's an entirely imaginary and delusional system, and completely faith-based. It's also the basis of all advertising, marketing, and PR. I think Orwell was wrong, but not for the obvious reasons. As an observation, it's impossible to argue with the suggestion that humans need more than comfort. Humans have been creating crusades, pogroms, holy wars, riots, race riots, and revolutions since almost forever. But I don't think he understood what made Nazi fascism so extreme - which is the way it turned war, patriotism, and death into ends in their own right, rather than means to an end. There was no pretence at higher purpose or salvation. The entire German political system became a suicide and death cult, and swallowed itself whole. I'm baffled by why you don't understand that what you're describing isn't an inevitable outcome of low-regulation, laissez-faire capitalism. You only get stability with negative feedback. Capitalism is all about positive feedback, and leads inevitably to systems that conglomerate, stagnate, distort, and eventually either implode or blow up. Where do you think the negative feedback to prevent that is supposed to come from? And please don't say 'markets' because there is no evidence that I know of that markets have ever done any such thing, or even that a market economy is capable of it. You don't define 'proper conditions for learning'. How about a space of your own? An environment that isn't disturbed by noise? Easy access to books and study aids? A laptop? Fast broadband? All the Amazon vouchers you can eat? Parents who aren't worried about basic financial security? Where is the threshold? I guess you mean 'good enough schooling', but that's hardly enough if the rest of the environment does its damndest to devalue what 'good enough schooling' is trying to do. And a point no one has mentioned is that schools homogenise try to homogenise education. A good education would try to find individual talents and nurture them on top of a baseline of general competence. The industrial production line approach to education is the opposite of this. Now, as it happens we have plenty of students who need training, and we have plenty of adults who need jobs. I doubt everyone can be a teacher, but there could be a lot more talent-based education than there is, without having to turn it into the 'personal extra tutoring for my snowflake' model that richer parents pay for. >This is akin to mathematical axioms that escape proof within a formal system. No it isn't. Unless you understand quantum gravity better than anyone else does, there is absolutely no connection whatsoever between the possible empirical reality of spacetime and causality, and Godel's description of mathematical incompleteness. Spacetime is observable, not axiomatic. The whole point of theories like loop quantum gravity - and one of the main reasons that the string theories are poor relations - is that LQG theories take an explicit interest in possible mechanisms that explain the observed properties of spacetime and causality. In the jargon, they are 'background independent.' For example, take a look at Causal Dynamical Triangulation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causal_dynamical_triangulation