I'm not quite sure why there's this hard line drawn. Surely Android, for example, falls somewhere in between, with sandboxed apps and all the rest, but not quite the same draconian closed-ness? Hasn't the DoD worked more the other way around--- cost-plus contracts with unlimited overruns reimbursed, for building new technologies that private companies can compete to increase the costs of? Defense contracting is a pretty notorious money pit. Why is cost-plus contracting less expensive than the government doing it in-house, except in the cases where it's a very rare one-off thing that's not worth developing in-house expertise for? If the government is bearing all risk, and the only oversight is government oversight (no market discipline), there's no real advantages to the private sector. Hmm, doesn't seem to be able to insert anything into the typical X11 middle-click-paste mechanism. It does insert the URL if I use Gnome's ctrl+c/ctrl+v, but I never use that. The general concept's ancient, e.g. http://www.changedetection.com/ has been up since 1999. Merging it with CSS selectors seems newer, but it's hard to keep anyone who has a CSS-selector library from duplicating that functionality. FWIW, this appears to have originally been published in Displays 17(2): 100-110 [1997], though the technology has barely changed (in particular, the no-glasses 3d technologies that the article discusses as still in development, are still in development today). I don't see it as a bits-specific question. It's more: will we ever run out of services people will pay for? Probably not. On the other hand, whole swathes of service classes can be obsoleted. It's quite possible that in 20 years making a website and letting it run mostly on autopilot will not be a way to make money (though I can't predict that confidently). Also, I never agreed to the current allocation of land titles, so I see no reason to respect property rights. I can't really agree with the apparent conclusion that the agency model is a good thing. It's more or less a revival of retail price mandates, where the manufacturer dictates to retailers exactly what they must sell a product for, instead of selling it wholesale and letting the retailer set its own prices. That sort of manufacturer-set price model is popular in Europe but generally not permitted in the US, because it's rather anticompetitive: it effectively prohibits retailers from competing with each other on price, because they have no control over prices. Europe likes that, because it keeps companies like Amazon and Wal-Mart from undercutting the local bookstore, if it's illegal to sell books under list price; but I'm not sure it's good for consumers or, more generally, efficient markets. One problem is that in the most lucrative market, enterprise data storage, the woefully out of date benchmarks that are industry standard mainly promote raw throughput on absurdly large working sets, which makes caching of minimal benefit. Besides inertia, there are some established players who have a lot riding on that not changing, also. Details in this kvetch from Sun engineer Bryan Cantrill (Sun's ZFS-based storage servers do pretty much exactly what you propose, but lose out to NetApp in the SPEC benchmarks): http://blogs.sun.com/bmc/entry/eulogy_for_a_benchmark One of the comments on the post (by Mathnerd314) says that Icon implements its comparison operators that way (if the comparison succeeds, it returns the 2nd argument). How would they notice? And aren't we mostly talking about sites that don't have accounts to begin with? I'm not sure the statistics show it's quite that busted. 140,000 apps vs. 25,000 apps is sort of what you'd expect given the time advantage the iPhone had. The iPhone native app SDK was released in July 2008, to a built-in market of millions of iPhones already out there. The Android SDK was released in September 2008 (beta in August 2008), to a much smaller market of shipped devices. It wasn't until mid-2009 that Android as a platform became a serious iPhone competitor and started attracting app developers. Since then I think it's been holding its own reasonably well: I think if you looked at new apps shipped in the past 6 months, the gap would be much smaller. Worded that way, I'd have to say no. But clearly the subtext is Citizens United , which I think is a lot trickier. A lot of important 20th-century free-speech precedents depend on applying the First Amendment to corporations--- corporations like record labels, newspaper/magazine/book publishers, film production and distribution companies, even adult film theatres. It's possible that a narrow First-Amendment exception can be carved out for direct electioneering on the part of corporations, but I think the proposal that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all is a cure much worse than the disease. Are you arguing that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all then? So was the Pentagon Papers case, which ruled that the New York Times Company had a First-Amendment right to publish the Pentagon Papers free from government censorship, wrong? Maybe some individual author had the right to publish them, but the New York Times Company didn't? What about the free-speech precedents involving corporations like adult-film producers? That's not my understanding of the relevant precedents--- the Supreme Court has never interpreted the "freedom of the press" to refer to a specially protected class of reporters or news companies, or limited it to reporting the news. It has been held to protect the First Amendment rights of not only news corporations like the New York Times, but also companies that produce pornographic films and magazines, for example (one of the important precedents on the First Amendment's protection of parody involves an issue of Hustler ). It seems to have been read much more broadly to mean, roughly, "the freedom to publish things, like books, newspapers, and films". For example, films like Hillary: The Movie , which was the thing at issue in Citizens United . I think there's probably some way the other outcome could've been reached, but it would be trickier than I think a lot of people are arguing. It would have to be a narrow prohibition against direct electioneering by corporations, carved out as a First-Amendment exception due to the compelling government interest in free elections/etc. (similarly to how obscenity, libel, false advertising, and "false-light disclosure of private facts" are recognized exceptions). And then specific cases would have to be investigated to see which side of the line they fell on: for example, to determine whether Hillary: The Movie was a real movie, or pure electioneering disguised in a sham movie. I agree sorta, but only for the more tweaky visual design aspects, rather than interaction design. If anything, I see Google as actually less data-driven in its design than many areas. Industrial psychology and HCI are traditionally very big on data-driven design for interaction design, with a big focus on Methodologies, quantitative measurement of task performance improvement, and various other statistical evaluation metrics. But the main downside of that is that you can't really answer open-ended design questions: you can A/B test between two specific proposed interfaces, and determine A causes N% of users X quantity less hassle than B does (or whatever your metric is), but if you want to invent an entire new interface, you're basically doing a random walk in design space, which will take a really long time to get anywhere. I mean, imagine how many A/B questions you'd have to ask to invent the Gmail interface, using, say, the Hotmail interface as your starting point, and having to justify every change you make from that starting point using data. I suppose it depends on your norm, though--- Google is very data-driven by the web-design standard, but sort of loosey-goosey, anything-goes compared to the much more statistics-and-methodology-heavy design practices that go on in traditional engineering and HCI. Hmm, I was expecting a bit closer of a connection, but I suppose this'll do. A better "math is a socialist plot" argument, though, could focus on a 19th-century "scientific socialism" approach to optimizing society and the economy via central planning. One big annoyance: 10 years ago, when I searched for a snippet of song lyrics, I got a fan site for the band that accurately transcribed the lyrics. Now I get nothing but pages and pages of shady sites selling me ringtones, with inaccurate lyrics, even when I know there are fansites for the band with better lyrics. A guess is that this is the result of the reliance on domain names for ranking. The high-quality lyrics are distributed across millions of separate domain names, since fansites typically are dedicated to only one band. The low-quality, ring-tones-heavy lyrics sites, though, are centralized, with every band's lyrics on the same domain. The people I know who've left have left mainly due to the secrecy this article also talks about: they developed cool algorithms they wanted to publish research papers about, and weren't allowed to. I do this too, partly because when I have branches and revisions as actual directories and files, I can use the usual Unix tools on them, instead of having to use a parallel set of tools provided by the version control system. They might be less likely to post lots of other stuff too, though. Do you really want any potential future casual acquaintance, boss, or what have you, to have instant, easy access to a transcript of every conversation you've had? The biggest determining factor in my experience has been whether something has a community around it or not. Newspaper comment sections and YouTube video comments don't have a community--- they're drive-by comments by whoever shows up. Smaller forums, mailing lists, and IRC channels where everyone knows everyone else are sort of the best-case. As it scales up, it gets harder to keep quality high. As a bit of a followup: an even worse case (i.e. less likely to get a nice, fan-created lyrics page as one of the first-page hits) is when I know the name of the song and google for something like: joy division warsaw lyrics. Expected result is something like: http://www.joydiv.org/shadowplay/joyd/warsaw.html What I actually get are a bunch of sites with names like mp3lyrics, songlyrics, musicsonglyrics. It might be that the word "lyrics" in my query is boosting that sort of stuff to the top? From what I can tell, Google also penalizes old / rarely updated sites, which probably hurts these kinds of pages--- the page linked above was last updated in 2007, but it's still the best result for that query. They're relevant for site owners, sure, but flash ads aren't a very good argument for, "without flash, users won't get the full web user experience". Presumably nobody will refrain from buying an iPad because of flash ads not working on it. Maybe it's the circles I travel in, but I don't see the same git dominance you do vs. mercurial; I see them both really frequently. Among major projects I can think of off the top of my head, Python, Adium, OpenOffice, and Mozilla are all on mercurial. That makes "startup" sound like a kind of disreputable thing. What's wrong with building a sustainable business that you enjoy running, and continuing to run it, instead of looking for the quickest way to sell out? That was my editorializing, not read into yours, sorry. My view is that "startup" is a pretty broad category, that's mainly based on someone who has an idea they think is interesting or will be useful to someone (possibly a large group, or possibly a small group). There's a certain subset of those people who are mainly in it for the money: they want to get big and sell out quick. If those are the only kind who really count as startups, then I'd have to take a pretty negative view of startups... It's unfortunate that this has been legal since 2007. Between 1911 and 2007, a manufacturer could set whatever wholesale price they wanted, but was not allowed to attempt to control what retail prices others could resell it for. Now Macmillan-style agreements where the manufacturer can demand a contract that lets the manufacturer set the retail price are legal, thanks to: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leegin_Creative_Leather_Product... . The old rule seems more reasonable to me. If Macmillan or Murdoch or whoever wants to raise the wholesale prices they charge Amazon, that's perfectly fine; they should charge whatever they think their product is worth. But what price Amazon then chooses to turn around and retail it for seems like none of their business. And the speed of light isn't finite... If not designed very carefully, though, it can reduce the user's ability to view things as they like them. With the current status quo of mailservers not handling message threading and such, I can choose a client that handles it how I want. If the server is doing it, it had better either do it how I want it, or provide some way to customize what it's doing. (For example, I don't like gmail's flat "conversation" view; I much prefer a "threaded conversation" view, like classic Usenet readers, or HN discussions.) I wonder if Google has any way of figuring out what proportion of their IPv6 traffic is coming natively over IPv6, versus over one of the various IPv4-to-6 tunneling schemes? If a lot are in the 2nd category, this might not be a great move: a high-bandwidth site like this could overwhelm the tunnels and make new tunnels less attractive to operate. The red text here makes them seem pretty paranoid about their ability to sandbox the submissions: http://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/contest/contest_information.php I don't think there's any consensus in the statistics community on which of the many ways to do inference over "nearly all" functions is the better one; nonparametric regression is basically a whole field, and pretty in flux over the past 10 years. It depends on the reasons for the safety net--- one reason is a simple humanitarian one (don't want people homeless, etc.), for which the bare minimum suffices, but another reason is as an automatic business-cycle smoother, in which case you want reasonably generous unemployment benefits: http://www.nber.org/papers/w4750 I like the article's point about how when genres reach maturity, they become attractive to an increasingly specialized, increasingly small audience. Flight sims are perhaps the most extreme example: they were hugely popular in the 80s and early 90s, but by the mid-90s they basically required you to be able to actually fly a plane, which was not so popular. Many don't do official rounds at all--- if your dad wants to donate $10k to you with no strings attached, in return for an informal promise that you'll fund his retirement if you strike it rich, there's nothing standing in the way of that. I don't think it's purely that. VC demo days may not be the best place for someone with modest assets to find something they want to spend $10k on. They might have better luck talking to their friends, for example, or friends of their friends. The angel restrictions don't apply to those cases, either: it's only really official solicitations and funding rounds for which there are restrictions. If a few people get together and want to put in $10k each to a business one of their friends is starting, there is no law against that. It long predates tech startups, too; plenty of restaurants, dry-cleaners, and other traditional small businesses get their seed funding that way. There might be an ethical argument, but the "rich people have lots of options, and might leave" argument isn't really convincing to me. Recall that to avoid U.S. income tax, you must move abroad and permanently renounce your citizenship. How many wealthy Americans do you think would really do that solely due to a tax hike? Especially one that was in the range that would actually likely be passed (i.e. not 99%)? It's not clear how some of the services would work if there were opt-in though. If I opt out of the government-provided property-rights system, for example, but someone else doesn't, what happens? If we have a dispute over who owns a particular piece of land, usually a court resolves that. But I've opted out of the government court system, so how do we resolve this dispute? By force of arms? Is it really true that higher taxes will lead to the rich being criminals and politically connected? My impression is that Sweden, for example, isn't considered more corrupt than the United States, despite having much higher taxes. I like the ASCII text aspect for that reason, but does it really need the hard-coded headers and footers every 50 lines? The state of document management at large companies really is pretty abysmal, and many haven't made much in the way of a serious effort to digitize stuff. My dad, retired from a large petrochemical company, still occasionally gets calls from current engineers there asking if he happens to have any documentation of projects he worked on years ago, and in a lot of cases his personal files seem more complete than the company's, which have been hopelessly shuffled and/or lost over the course of several mergers and moves. The article says: "At the time of writing, neither font is available for download". Of the factors you listed, it looks like being 25+ and having a college degree are the main ones. The unemployment rate is almost as low for 45+ as for 25-44 among college graduates, and the unemployment rate for women in those groups is actually lower than for men (the lowest unemployment of all groups in the infographic is for white women 25-44 with college degrees). (edit: thanks greatly for the link, btw. it looks like it's been up for a few months, but I missed it the first time around.) Some can be avoided by not doing cyclic shedding/adding of workers. The justification for layoffs in a downturn followed by hires in an upturn is that it cuts costs: if you fire someone today and then hire someone else two years from now when things pick up, you've saved two years of salary/benefits over just keeping them on payroll through the downturn. I see this article as providing an argument that maybe saving that two years of salary isn't worth it. (There are other problems in that particular case, like companies that follow that hiring/layoff model always being a step behind in recoveries--- they're never well placed to catch booms early, because they spend the first year desperately scrambling to hire talent instead.) It's not nearly that strict. You can't use the title "Professional Engineer" without licensing, but non-licensed engineers can and usually do use the term "engineer", or derivatives like "chemical engineer" on their business cards and resumes. It's the norm in firms with a lot of engineers (like, say, Exxon) that most of the people whose job title includes the word "engineer" are not PEs. It doesn't even really give you any benefit to be a PE in the corporate context, because everything you're doing is on behalf of the corporation anyway; you're not an independent contractor providing services that you have to legally stand behind, but an employee doing work for hire. edit: This is true for the U.S. anyway. I believe some other countries are more strict on who may call themselves an engineer. I've found headphones work better if I use them no more than 30-40% of the time or so; then people wait until I don't have headphones on to ask me something. Doesn't work if I have them on all the time. Facebook's approach to images seems broken security-wise all around. You can also get to non-public images if you know the URL of the jpg--- linking to the image page won't work, but a direct link to the JPG will happily serve itself up. It's not foolproof, but I think one common way is for the static-content server to check for an appropriate authentication cookie. In Facebook's case, an additional complication is that they serve lots of the static content off Akamai, so any authentication would have to be coordinated. What kind of customers are we talking about? I think it's more likely to run into trouble if the customers are themselves large companies. If the customers are small---individuals or mom-and-pop restaurants or something---it's probably easier to reuse the contacts. That's just a guess, though. The current company would probably not be happy about it either way (though that's not necessarily determinative, because companies are unhappy about anything that remotely smells like competition, regardless of whether it's ethical or not). The U.S. is in an unusual position, though, in that more than half its government bonds are held domestically, so screwing the bondholders is politically much harder. I agree that inflating out of a debt is probably still relatively likely, though, since as long as it isn't done in a precipitous fashion (i.e. Italy-style overnight devaluation), the small domestic bondholders aren't likely to revolt. An actual default seems unlikely though, given how many Americans own treasury bonds. Those don't seem like quite the right statistics, though. The main risk is whether something that gets good reactions on YouTube will: 1) get good reactions from a superbowl TV audience; and 2) actually drive enough traffic to the company to be worth the cost. Just the YouTube viewer data doesn't answer either of those questions. (They might have had other statistics on that, of course, but if so, they haven't shared them.) If you're "repeating the works of the greats" in grad school, you're doing it wrong. That's what undergrad is for, and maybe a masters, but getting a PhD is supposed to be all about producing something new. By the end you should be the world expert in your (admittedly narrow) area, and have produced published scientific results that were previously not known to the field. Overall though, they're two totally different things, and if you don't know which of the two is more appealing to you, you don't have a very good idea of what you want to do. Do you want to advance the current state of scientific knowledge? Or do you want to produce products and services that people will find useful? The two occasionally overlap, but in general they're fairly different occupations. In this case I think having a built-in "and it worked" story helped a lot too. HPHP was released after already having a deployment that actually worked in the real world and saved resources/money, so it didn't have to go through the usual, "why should anyone care about a PHP compiler?" skepticism. It's not "typical", but 1+ month isn't uncommon, especially at large companies that require the group actually hiring you to first make up their own mind, then clear it through (possibly several) higher levels of management. Intel seems to not infrequently take 2 months or so, from anecdotal evidence, even for successful applicants (not just forgetting to reject unsuccessful ones). (It'd be interesting if anyone could compile some data.) Hmm yeah, I think after reading it, I'd describe it as more: let people browse the website for free, but sell access to the API. This is basically the "semantic web" dream in one form or another, isn't it? Not that that makes it a bad idea, but it's been slow going. As with the previous post, this seems to be missing the point that grad school isn't really about the same thing as YCombinator. Grad school is about advancing the state of scientific knowledge, which might result in useful products or services, but not necessarily, and often not in the short-term. Startups are about producing useful products or services, getting them to market, and monetizing them, which might result in scientific advances, but not necessarily, and often you actually hope not to need any (needing to solve an open scientific question in the critical path to getting a product out the door is a huge risk). His justification is somewhat questionable. Is stopping people talking on cell phones by standing in traffic when the light is green actually making the world a better place, i.e. reducing traffic accidents? It seems at the very least to be an open question whether any decrease in accidents from reducing cell-phone usage would be matched by an increase in accidents from cars unexpectedly stopped in the middle of a road. I'm not arguing it was illegal, merely that it wasn't utility-maximizing. I'm not sure it's even legal though; surely having right of way when entering a cross-walk doesn't give you justification to spend unlimited time in the crosswalk, even deliberately stalling there? I'm not sure benchmarks of nginx v. Apache are enough to definitively settle that asynchronous programming is better than synchronous programming. This USENIX paper argues the opposite, though it admits there are some problems with current thread-based solutions: http://www.usenix.org/events/hotos03/tech/full_papers/vonbeh... The post complains about the inadequacy of current language support for asynchronous programming, though, while the linked paper argues that the real problem is the inadequacy of current language support for synchronous programming. Admittedly, they're talking about different kinds of "support": it's harder to do asynchronous programming in a lot of languages, but it's even harder than that to do synchronous programming efficiently, because the toolchains don't support the optimizations that would be necessary (but which you can do by hand in an asynchronous programming style). I agree the classes often aren't that engaging, but I do think it'd be useful for everyone (or at least a lot of people) to understand the basics of giving instructions to a computer so it can do things for them. Many will end up having to do at least some simple form of it in their future lives, anyway; certainly people in the natural sciences do, and increasingly lots of other people will find themselves needing to write an Excel macro, or sort some data with a Perl script, and various other such things. I agree current CS 101 classes aren't good at conveying that excitement though, of being able to make a computer do what you want. The linked article talks about media computation as one approach to that: instead of having people sort lists or whatever, show them that they can make simple art stuff. (I personally got hooked on computers much earlier than college in large part because of a Logo course.) Hmm, it doesn't seem able to find the old-style EFF blue ribbons much of anywhere, even though I know they're still up in a lot of places: http://www.tineye.com/search/8a8b9792d6d6056dec92d993595e6d9... It's an unexpected change for me at least, because I've posted on blogspot blogs in the past from my Google account, which makes the comments link to your Google profile if you have one. I expected that the result would be (and it was) a pseudonymous comment with just my first name, which linked to a blank Google profile. If Google sticks my real name and my friends lists on my Google profile without warning, those old comments are retroactively linked to my IRL identity, which wasn't what I expected when I posted them years ago. As a geek, I slightly balked at the claim on the Locking and Coherence page that it's "the first file replication system" to keep files coherent via locks, since I think of stuff like AFS as doing that. But looking at your product comparison page, it's true if you think of "file replication system" as more application-level sync stuff like Dropbox. Somewhat separately, do you care at all about selling to companies that might otherwise consider a more heavyweight solution like setting up an NFS volume that everyone mounts? You have a clear ease-of-use-and-maintenance win, but it'd require separate marketing to a different kind of audience so as not to confuse people who don't even know what that is. I don't think most small-business owners are really like this, fortunately. It'd be a pretty sad world if it were really true that "profits aren't everything, they're the only thing". The article keeps talking about how civil servants are overpaid, which I don't think is true. There are too many of them, but they aren't particularly well paid; the average is around €20,000. It just means they default on the loans. The creditors only get what the country chooses to give them (if anything), which is usually negotiated with some eye towards balancing the country's interests against the harm to their future ability to get loans if they screw the creditors too much. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Default_(finance)#Sovereign_def... That I agree with, but it's a more general issue about the temptation to make future promises you can't pay for, and is also true in the private sector. Employers in general, public and private, make promises of future payments they can't pay for, don't set aside the money, and just kick the can down the road to the next generation of management. It's one reason so many American companies go bankrupt about 30-40 years after their peak, which coincidentally is when their pension obligations start coming due. I suppose the ideal would be not to have such articles posted at all, since this isn't really the place for this sort of hyper-partisan stuff, whether from Cato or the Socialist Worker . Yeah, from that definition of bankruptcy it's a poor choice of words, because sovereign countries can't go bankrupt in the sense that bankruptcy law means. They're colloquially bankrupt in the sense of "not able to pay their bills", but not legally in the sense of "in court-supervised receivership"--- because there is no world government, and therefore no bankruptcy court with jurisdiction. There's some parts of economics that have used game theory as an analysis tool based on the set of assumptions: 1) humans, at least when they engage with markets, are rational actors; and therefore 2) markets will converge to the equilibria specified by game theory. Some of the empirical tests of game theory have had a not-so-hidden subtext of casting doubt on that kind of economics. It seems there might be some circularity in the bipolar returns and the "therefore, we have to bet on 1000x winners" mentality. If every bet is a huge one, a bipolar distribution is what you'd expect to get, isn't it? Just a guess, but I wonder if that's partly due to the relatively low capital needs for technology startups compared to some other businesses. Maybe the mid-range profitable companies, the sort that will plateau at $1m/year profits with 5 employees, just aren't seeking VC funding at all, because they have enough in savings/friends/family funding to get off the ground? I was trying to think of a good meatspace analog to 4chan, and the closest seems to be basically "bar conversations", which is an interesting comparison. They're not anonymous in the same way, but they have some of the same expectation of privacy, in that you aren't broadcasting everything you say to the world / your boss / your parents with your name attached, which allows for more honesty. > being unable to build a clean image from source-code only It's a different language, but I found this paper on making SBCL (a lisp compiler) build from source interesting: http://www.doc.gold.ac.uk/~mas01cr/papers/s32008/sbcl.pdf The previous situation was that the CMUCL compiler, which SBCL forked from, was essentially defined by the image, which was incrementally changed into new versions--- and over decades this process had made the source code that was nominally "the CMUCL source" increasingly different from the in-memory image that was actually CMUCL. I still find the image-based model vaguely fascinating in its blurring of the compile-time/runtime distinction, something that occasionally gets resurrected under various guises: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interactive_programming This is one reason I like the behavior of Chrome's URL bar. It sometimes gets it wrong, but I think it frequently guesses correctly when I start typing something whether I want to: 1) visit a site I've recently/frequently visited; or 2) search for that term. If you just start typing "facebook" in the URL bar and hit enter you'll end up at facebook.com instead of performing a search for it. I must confess that I often use something like this myself, though, despite being a tech person. I can never remember the stupid URL for my university's obscurely-located courseware system, for example, so I usually just Google for universityname coursewarename and click on the first result. I guess I could bookmark it, but this method works fine. The farm transition was basically a direct farm->factory mass transition though. Farming declined, and masses of poor people flocked to rapidly growing cities, where they could be employed almost immediately as unskilled factory labor. Are things like yoga instruction and pottery really the question mark in the farm->factory->[?] sequence? That'd only really work if some of the results of the robot/computer work were distributed freely, wouldn't it? If robots are doing enough work to keep everyone alive, but those robots aren't government- or charity-run robots that distribute their products to everyone for free, then humans still have to work some sort of job to get the money needed to buy the stuff from the robots' owners. If you had high unemployment, and the robot greenhouses aren't giving away their vegetables for free, how are the unemployed people supposed to get the vegetables? Isn't that actually worse? Not only can IBM screw its pensioners, but the pensioners have no recourse: IBM's shareholders get to keep decades of profits gotten on the basis of promises that were later breached, and limited liability means those dividends can't be clawed back to pay the company's obligations. Well as far as phone apps go, there is also the Google Android app store. Smaller market, but fairly large and growing rapidly, and less crowded as far as app-selling competitors go (so far). Also, developing for it is free and doesn't require Apple approving your app. For games in particular, there are a number of other indie-distribution channels, like XBox Live Arcade. For other kinds of software, there's the traditional "sell shareware over the internet" approach, which is declining for the most part but still relatively robust on OS X. There are also web apps, which can be supported either by ads or by selling premium add-ons, among other possibilities. It's unfortunately what happens when you sign away the rights to it. Happens to authors, too: you can be taken to court by your publisher if you post a PDF free online after selling the publisher the rights to the book. While it seems likely that's true (to me, anyway), it does still mean that for anyone who isn't a tier 1 ISP, and therefore does have to pay out the gargantuan bandwidth costs, it's quite difficult to profit from video websites. Most of the artists I know who do small-to-medium contract jobs browse the "gigs" section on Craigslist for their local area (you'd think location wouldn't matter, but a lot of people who contract out for art assets want to meet in person, so many artists don't bother searching outside their local area). It's mainly big in the U.S., so may not work well in other countries. If you're near a major U.S. city, though, a post with an outline of your requirements will almost certainly get multiple responses with portfolios/bids/etc. Android apps are sandboxed; the security model, assuming there are no holes in it, shouldn't let apps do crazy things like delete your files or install a keylogger. See: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.... already on the HN front page: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1119822 As amateurs, though, they might not be worth much in most parts of the market, because a lot of potential employers / contract-art purchasers put a lot of value on the portfolio and previous gigs. There are huge swathes of the market that you're excluded from if your resume is essentially empty except for "posted a few things on DeviantArt", no matter how good those things are. Which means you can get good art cheaply if you're willing to find people with no resume who can provide it. Considering the overall poor performance of the hedge-fund managers compensated in this fashion, isn't this a model not to follow? Yeah, this is particularly true in the rather terrible physics-meets-free-will literature. It seems every few months a physicist "scientifically discovers" some viewpoint on free will that has been widely known for centuries, or even worse claims something absurd like that they've disproven free will , for some totally naive definition of "free will". In particular, almost nobody seems to bother dealing with compatibilist arguments, of the sort made by Daniel Dennett and many others, which make the physicists' research mostly irrelevant for free will, unless compatibilism can be refuted: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/compatibilism/ Here's one analysis, which while not all bad, is not particularly positive either: http://www.cfapubs.org/loi/doi/abs/10.2469/faj.v61.n6.2775 I can see that, but the opposite approach seems even more absurd. Most of the physicists (and neuroscientists) who claim their work refutes or could potentially refute free will, seem to be using a definition of "free will" that's inherently magical. Something like: free will means that The Human Mind is an entity outside the universe, and can poke holes into the universe and move matter in a way that cannot be accounted for by the laws of physics. If you start from that assumption, it seems like a foregone conclusion that free will doesn't exist. It's somewhat hard to compare price in a column, though, because they have totally different pricing models. Some charge monthly fees for VPS slices depending on their size; others charge by the hour, also dependent on the size; some flat-price bandwidth up to some level while others charge for all bandwidth by the GB; etc. It's funny in some strange way that one of the five sites he lists, Aardvark, was bought by Google two days after this article was written. On my middling DSL (320 kbps symmetric) there's a lot of pages that take more than 3 seconds to load, especially if you're not using AdBlock. There are some Flash ads that take 5+ seconds to load just by themselves! The typical for a large corporate site seems to be 4-6 sec for me. I just timed cnn.com and yahoo.com both at 5s total load time, and aol.com at 8s (all in Chrome on Linux). edit: Found a new winner: foxnews.com consistently takes between 25 and 33 seconds to load. This seems like the sort of thing that probably varies by area and the local social norms. In a hippie town, the police would barely give a second look. Traditional free trials aren't always crippled; it used to actually be standard in software that the free versions were useful in their own right, and the rise of "crippleware" that was basically useless on its own was initially fairly controversial in the shareware community. I mean, Doom could've been seen as a "freemium" FPS, where you get the entire FPS engine and several levels free, and only pay if you want to buy bonus levels. (Admittedly, that's software v. service, but in the same era, some BBSs ran on a service-based freemium model as well, providing free access to anyone, but letting users pay for certain features like extra download quotas or time quotas.) That's not the only reason to cut work weeks, though I agree it's a bad one. This old article by Bertrand Russell starts out by pointing out that the "fixed pie" view is not a good reason to work less, but that there are others: http://www.zpub.com/notes/idle.html The gist of it is that you can take the dividends of increasing productivity in a lot of ways. As computers get faster, you can keep paying $2k for a new computer every 3-4 years and get a better one, or you can take some of that technology-advancement dividend in cash, and buy a netbook that's still better than your old computer. He's basically arguing that you should take some of the modern era's productivity dividend in leisure time, instead of just in more income and material wealth. Some of these arguments don't seem the best. Yes, the 'jar' command-line tool is much slower than GNU tar, but that's hardly conclusive proof that "Java is slow". It just means that 'jar' is slow. One generalization that's not unreasonable is that Java is bad for small tools with very short runtimes, because the VM startup overhead ends up being really expensive as a proportion. Oops, I misremembered the original title; sorry.