Updated link: Are you thinking of working for a start up? http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/03/are-you-thinking-of-working-for-start.html Thank you. If you're saying that AFTER Sequoia has backed a company, on some later, subsequent round people will pay more, I agree that is supposed to happen. But that doesn't mean the company was worth more at the moment Sequoia invested. I think the key difference between your means of valuation and mine is that I don't believe that the "market" is meaningful until the founders' equity is liquid. The "market" is only a useful guide where there is a meaningful correlation between the "market' and the eventual, risk-adjusted value of the company when it becomes liquid. In that respect, I believe that the VC PMV is a better indicator of the risk-adjusted Present Value of the company. VCs spend an awful lot of time and effort researching price, and they don't seem to be paying a huge discount to the risk-adjusted PV of companies they back. The plural of anecdote is not "data," however what I understand is that Angels as a whole are an unreliable indicator. YMMV, but if someone is telling you "We paid a dollar, but it's really worth two," I would keep my wallet locked in a safe. What can I say, except "carry on, it's your money!" But whether you would pay more or not, the subject was contemplating employment with a company and valuing stock options. Never mind generalities. If Sequoia have a wonderful track record for picking winners, I offered another means of calculating the value of the stock based on the likelihood there would be a liquidity event. Here's something to ponder: if the industry gets 20% and Seqouia gets 22% of their investments to a liquidity event, Seqouia is doing fantastically well. 10% better! But: how much does a 2% difference in likelihood affect the value of the stock for employees? Feel free to plug in Sequoia's actual numbers. I think you will find that they do not underpay as much as you may suppose. It would basically be a cheap way of getting in on their fund, assuming the premium wasn't huge. I would love to get in on their fund as well. But my post wasn't about investing, it was about valuing stock options so you could understand what they are worth on a risk-adjusted basis. What's the difference? Remember, when you invest alongside them you get all sorts of extra rights like double dips, convertible shares, preferred, and a zillion other ways to get money in situations at the expense of founders. This is why it is very important not to assume that just because a name brand VC invests in a company that employee options or founder shares are somehow worth as much as you might pay for those same shares if you are the same VC. If anything, employee options are worth much, much less, because VCs can get some of their money back if there is a modest wind-up or merger, whereas employees only cash out if there is a major event. good professional behavior is a must The problem is "what is professional"? here's one view: http://tinyplanet.ca/projects/professionalism.html Treating ppl with civility is a must That ought to go without saying, but sadly... it is rare, especially on the Internet. I rarely write anything with a specific audience in mind, but I confess I was looking through my "logs" and noticed how much traffic I have been getting lately from news.ycombinator.com. This is my way of saying, "thanks!" I hope you enjoy it. If PG has something worthwhile to say, it is true whether he has a vested interested in the truth or not. If it is false, it can be debunked without questioning his motives. Here is what I have observed about people. In general, people with vested interests do not lie. What they do is pick and choose the truths they want to share. So someone with an investment in an online photo editor might say that "people are now writing online photo editing applications," but is unlikely to say, "that are faster and have more features than Photoshop." Is that bad? Of course not. There are this other group of people with no alleged interest in the subject. They are called journalists. And you know what? My observation is that they are much less reliable than peopel with a "vested interest." Yes. That's how this industry works: everything closed, expensive, and exclusive inexorably becomes open, cheap or even free, and inclusive. Just because they're like that in Founder Hell doesn't mean they're like that on Sand Hill Road. You could choose to read the joke as meaning that "They're only like that in Hell" ;-) Many eyes win in blogging as well as in OSS :-) I agree, my first thought was that how KP defines a good investment is somewhat orthogonal to how someone defines a good business. You mentioned that a small exit is a home run for three guys in a room. Likewise, three guys in a room can be financed by Visa and Mastercard, they don't need KP. BTW, I upmodded you for helping me improve, thank you. I see a few others may have felt that the observation was not valuable to other YCombo readers. Please do not be discouraged from supplying authors with constructive criticism. If you care about karma, you can always use email or the comments on blog posts themselves. Thanks again. "What are these people thinking? Why are they going to VCs for venture capital to write social networking sites in Ruby on Rails? The whole point of Ruby on Rails is it gives you the ability to write applications without VC funding! That's what it was invented for! " Thumbs way up on this, Joel really captured the Windows API strategy with this. Couple this with "How Microsoft Lost the API War" and you have Joel's most pertinent thoughts. It looks very much like I didn't do a very good job of communicating my thoughts. I was actually trying to write an essay about the importance of the marginal. Can you be a little more literal and tell me what part of the post seems to say something about distinguishing the difference between computers and reality? Also, I thought I was hand waving the "99" thing and saying it isn't important how accurate the number is. Should I be more emphatic? Clearly, the author needs help writing parables that communicate a point with emphasis! The point was the irony of the IT guys arguing about cronyism in the movie while negotiating a deal that came about because the investor knows the founder's father. The investor suddenly realized this and wondered whether he really was putting the best people on the deal or whether the poeple he "trusted" would let him down, so he asks his EA to keep an eye on them. Thanks for the reminder, I didn't even realize there were profiles on news.yc! Summary: Many redditors feel that the OP wasn't trying to learn Lisp, he was thinking in C++ and trying to learn how to structure his C++ thoughts in Common Lisp. This was taken badly by the Lispers, who presume that the OP was not genuinely seeking to learn Lisp. (This is just my summary of what I read, not my own feelings about the subject). I laughed so hard I almost fell out of my chair. Nice one! No, it really isn't much fun. Nor is it fun for Chefs to sit in class learning about hand washing protocols (there is a right and a wrong way to wash your hands). Keep that in mind the next time you eat at a restaurant where they pay the food prep people minimum wage! "He refutes his own point about the free market when he says it is currently broken (businesses hire students with Comp. Sci degrees even though they can't necessarily program well), but that the same broken free market will be sufficient to determine if programmers can program well." You are assuming that the goal of the free market is to hire good programmers. It isn't. Do you think managers are holding their heads in their hands, moaning that they can't find good programmers? Outside of start ups, they don't care. That is why I say the free market works. Yes, business hires Comp. Sci. people from "JavaSchools," but that's what they want! I am not suggesting that someone with this hypothetical certification is an expert, or even good. I think I said that five or even six times in the post. Don't confuse the rant with a hypothetical measure of a "good programmer." It isn't!!! It is a description of qualities I personally think are necessary but not sufficient. Please do not put words in my mouth about what I value and what I disparage. I said I do not care about certain things for the purpose of having this hypothetical certification. Take a few minutes googling me or reading my blog before deciding what I value or disparage. So back to the free market: the "problem" with the free market for programmers is similar to the "problem" with the free market for pollution, worker safety, and a bunch of other things we regulate. We have discovered that left to their own devices, businesses will make choices that expose their workers, their customers, and the public to danger. I don't care if a business making software for dive computers hires someone who takes four times as long to write code for half the hourly wage. The business can make the call about whether this makes sense. But I do care that the calculations are not broken, exposing me to death through Oxygen Toxicity, Nitrogen Narcosis, or the Bends. I'm not going on a crusade, it's just a post, but it's obvious to me that if businesses are left to make choices for themselves, they will put their customers in harm's way. And that's all I want to prevent. Summary: certification of the type I described is meant to be necessary but not sufficient. It doesn't say a Chef can cook well, it says a chef will not accidentally poison the soup. Nice. Did you know that Port goes well with Fruit and Cheese? You may find this goes well with that: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2005/07/why-you-need-degree-to-w... ;-) I think it would make more sense to complain about the protocol and change it in such a way that it is impossible to get around it (without it being so tedious). Isn't this the basis for things like binary milestones, iterative development, continuous integration, and so forth? An attempt to set up the system such that the easiest thing to do is also the highest value thing to do, without being too draconian? In the end, carrots work better than sticks, I quite agree. By your argument, we should abolish laws regulating workplace safety, product safety, and pollution control. All of these things could be enforced by consumer demand, but they are not. All of these things impose a cost on business, driving up prices. There is room for believing that the free market should be unfettered to the point that businesses can be left to choose what level of safety to provide for workers, left to choose whether to make safe products, and left to choose whether to pollute our environment. If you believe that, I think we differ at some axiomatic level, not a logical level. I know that businesses are making "rational" decisions. But just because it "maximizes their utility" doesn't mean I want them to do it. Enron was rational. Why do we pass laws against its behaviour? Why can't we leave it to the marketplace to choose where to invest? Again, this is a deep, axiomatic issue. If you are fundamentally against a regulated environment, I understand your view without agreement. I read that article when PG published it, and again when you mentioned it. What makes you think I gave a defensive or emotional answer to the intermediary who asked the question? I'm perfectly aware of the fact that the person asking the question either considers this piece of data of paramount importance OR they have twenty resumes on their desk that all look the same, and they're looking for an easy way to winnow the pile down to three, so even if it isn't that important, it's a way to shorten the pile. I personally doubt that they were looking at twenty nearly-identical resumes. My experience is that either of two situations hold: first, they might really believe this is the most important thing they need to know, or second, they might not be particularly skilled at identifying good candidates. Note that I am not claiming I'm a good candidate: but if I'm not worth an interview, they should be able to tell without that question, the facts are in plain view. "If you do detect this kind of market inefficiency, there is an obvious way to arbitrage it -- startup started by and hiring people that market does not properly value." PG? Is that you?? "these folks" There are at least two kinds of folks: those who are "fixing" Ruby the language, such as the Rubinius team, and those who are "using" the language. I am in the latter camp. So sometimes I complain about what is broken-- http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/02/why-ruby-is-not-acceptab... sometimes I hack around it. But no, I am in no position to change the language. If I was, I would actually implement the point-free and underscore conventions natively. If you want to use closures, you want to use lambda, not String#to_proc. If you dislike using .call, Ruby also allows [] syntax, so: r = 2 foo = lambda {|x| x * r} foo.[3] May be a little less objectionable. It was actually a typo. Fixed, thank you. > The most important way that we could 'rain on their parade' though is just by being way better than them at creating applications based on the platform since we will always understand the internals better than anybody else. Bill Gates, is that you? "I cannot get foo.[3] to work" Hey, neither can I. Quite possibly because foo.[3] actually doesn't work, it's foo[3] that works and I made a typo. Sorry about that, and especially too bad considering how your first reaction was to consider the possibility that your version of Ruby was at fault instead of the possibility that I made a careless error. I appreciate the implied vote of confidence, but I'm aghast at the consequences. I appreciate your taking the time to share your reaction. I'm mulling over exactly what I prefer about the point-free syntax, and the prod to think thinks over may help me understand my own views in more depth. "golf is a very pleasant way to pass the time!" Golf is a good walk spoiled => Golf is good code spoiled. Did you find any relevance between the story and writing? You are exchanging cause and effect: you describe my writing as if I wrote a post about the similarity between rewriting essays and rewriting code, then realized it needed spice and inserted a zen story as a preamble. What actually happened is that someone made a very disparaging remark about my writing in a previous post. I tried to look for the deep truth in what they were saying and realized that I also thought my writing fell far short of describing how I felt. Around the same time I was reading "Zen Shorts" to my son, and read the story of the robe and the moon again... I sat down and wrote a post that quoted the story and ended an emotional paragraph afterwards, simply lamenting the fact that my writing is so poor. Yes, the original version of the post was little more than the story. After an hour or so, the analytical part of my brain took over and I thought of one major reason my writing is not better, the lack of enough rewriting (not that rewriting would make it great, or even good, but certainly it would make it better). I then added the rest to the post. So, you see, I did not actually add a wacky zen story to make a post about rewriting better. Although, to be fair, the way I arrived at the post does not in any way make it better than if I had proceeded as you suggested. But, and I doubt you will understand this, the way I arrived at the post has very deep consequences for me. I can answer that one as poorly as I write essays: Zen has nothing in common with Archery, however the practice of Archery can be the practice of Zen when approached in a certain way. Thus, it is perfectly correct to suggest that software development as we practice it has nothing to do with Zen. It could be that someone, somewhere practices software development as Zen, however Chris--in his refreshingly frank and pretense-free manner--is correct if he is surmising that I do not practice software development as one practices Zen. I don't. And I believe him to be perfectly correct in suggesting that software itself has nothing to do with Zen. If it did (and I do not know if it could), it would be the approach that is related, not the software itself. You must admit there's some irony in Joe Random lecturing Steve Jobs on how to run a business and using the word "arrogant" when doing so. Well, that's by far the most interesting response I've seen. may I quote you? Is this a long-winded way of saying that two wrongs make a right? That if "they" use torture we ought to use torture? That... Oh, sorry, my mistake, I thought I was on reddit. I'm actually on ycombinator, which is a completely different community. Let's talk about startups, please. You know what, you're right and I'm wrong. Communities are whatever their members make of them, and the upmods for your comment suggests to me that this community thinks that's worthy of mention. When I said startups, I actually included programming as part of startups, due to the flavour of PG's essays, so I thought the article was relevant for ycombinator. But again, it's not up to me. And honestly, I wouldn't have said anything about your comment except I had just come from reddit, where more than half of the comments on the programming sub-reddit were about whether he should have included pictures, about whether the actress was hot, and about whether Japan really does have a cultural identity distinct from America. I guess I was just crotchety about the fact that nobody seemed to be paying any attention to what I thought the article was about. I was being selfish. I was wrong to try to tell you what you should and shouldn't say on a forum: forums are for the members, they needn't follow my preconceptions about what is on or off topic, what is relevant, or what is or isn't important in an article. So... if you want to get into a whole Christians vs. Muslims through history thing, I'll get out of the way. please help yourself. as for copyright, "your ideas will go further if you don't insist that they carry you go along with them." What anti-design patterns meme? I write programs with Design Patterns, I catalogue new ones from my work, I use them to teach and communicate. "A Pattern Language" is one of my favourite books. What did I say? Well, I quoted someone else telling a story about their experience: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/12/newly-discovered-design-... I thought it was a good story because it illustrated two different mind sets when it comes to writing programs and what happens when they come into contact with each other. There's no preachy conclusion, it's a human interest story. I also talked about a particular cultural approach in this post: http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/12/pouring-water-back-into-... There, I expressed opposition to the idea of a fixed set of standard patterns. So, now you know what I was saying. I didn't take it personally, I took it as a sign that I am not writing clearly. Thanks. No, that isn't the argument. The argument is that writing things in C is a barrier to entry, therefore fewer people write libraries in C than in Ruby. therefore, if we have a Ruby implementation written in Ruby, we will see more progress on core libraries and features. That is a statistical argument based on predicting the emotions of a large group of programmers. +1. This author has good ideas, but has difficulty being succinct. Thanks for summarizing the post. This is the point I was trying to make: that there are programmers who would be better if they applied the fundamentals. I though the foot-painting analogy would make that clear. But judging by the response, everyone thought I was presenting a dichotomy, which proves that although I am a writer of sorts, I am not a good writer. > usually more rooted in snobbery than any desire to learn or teach about our chosen field I defy anyone to start teaching programming by opening with the lines "You may think you're a programmer, but you aren't." It will probably go as far as writing a blog post that says "you may think you belong to an exclusive club, but you don't." Marketing exec to Steve Jobs: "9 out of 10 people will choose a MacBook Pro instead of a MacBook Air" Steve Jobs: "Then build Nine MacBook Pros for every one MacBook Air." "To expect someone to know a skill which is not going to be needed on the job is unfair." Complete rewrite I am going to respond on the post, this is a very good question that deserves the widest possible audience. http://del.icio.us/raganwald/weblog Actually, that link is to a specific tag that I use for links I share with the hacker community. My full link feed is public, but don't read it unless you can stomache links about parenting infants, raising nishikigoi, rock climbing, and other personal crap. I was actually quoting what several people have said, which perhaps is a description of their perception and not of reality. I will edit the post, a clarification would strengthen the argument, thanks. What has more impact on the adoption of technologies: its technical merits or social behaviour? Where did he write that? This is exactly the way I've always taken your description of hacking. And your praise for the YCombinator startups usually talks about how hard they work, for example talking about how much code they write in a short period of time while living on Ramen noodles. I thought Python had lambdas, albeit restricted to expressions, which in turn are restricted to single lines? > I've always taken "turtles all the way down" to mean the fixation that Lisp/Forth/Scheme/Smalltalk/etc... people get about implementing everything in their language of choice That's how I take it as well. I wrote this to point out that Turtles all the way down languages make it easier to make consistent languages. I get that you don't care for that. > Turtles all the way down is a philosophy where you try to define a ridiculously minimal set of orthogonal axioms and build the language by combining those axioms... > But the advantage of having everything in the language built on top of a small set of axioms is that when you want to make a new feature possible, it's often just a case of burrowing down a level of abstraction and combining the existing things in new ways. For example, it could be as simple as rewriting select to return generalized variables instead of values... if Ruby really treated "=" as a method instead of treating it as a special case that is sometimes a method and sometimes something else and sometimes a third thing. > Elegant is often a thing to be admired from afar, rather than something you use every day. "Elegance" sounds like some effete aesthetic quality, there's no point in debating that word. Instead, I am asking you to think about consistency and discoverability, qualities that have a direct relationship to the programmer's ability to translate thought into programs. > > I get that you don't care for that. > You're putting words into my mouth. My bad: I misinterpreted what you meant when you said: > Elegant is often a thing to be admired from afar Any ways... > > Turtles all the way down is a philosophy where you try to define a ridiculously minimal set of orthogonal axioms and build the language by combining those axioms > What I'm talking about is the "my whole environment must be Smalltalk/Scheme/Forth", from the OS, or even silicon, on up. That's different from your version of turtles. Yours is not the enormous waste of time that the "environment turtles" are. Perhaps I'm talking about "turtles most of the way down" and you are talking about "turtles almost all of the way down." I understand why you say what building, say, a Lisp Machine seems like an enormous waste of time. > I'm still not sure whether consistency is really that important. People seem to do ok with some inconsistencies and warts in their languages, and continue to favor languages with warts and weirdnesses and quick idioms to the ones under discussion Are we equating popularity with importance? Ok, here it is: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtles_all_the_way_down http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=110541 http://reddit.com/r/programming/info/67xk0/comments/ If I am responding directly to someone, I will link to them. If I think there's value to be added for the reader, I will also link to an essay like that. Other than that, I do _not_ insert links and footnotes and citations into every blog post. The footnotes would outnumber the paragraphs if not the sentences. Should I link to Alan Kay every time I discuss objects? How is that different? Or for that matter, if someone discusses the signal-to-noise ratio in programming language idioms, must they mention a post I wrote that was popular at the time? And FYI, I have written about Blub and linked to Paul's essay as well as written about Blub without linking to Paul's essay. You are right, the two things are exactly the same and I have treated them the same way. I choose to link or cite when I think it improves the reader's experience. In this case, I didn't think so, and after re-reading AVi's post, I still don't think a link belongs in my post. You could force it in, perhaps by adding a post script "If you find this interesting, you may also like..." or by adding a parenthetical remark "(TAWDry languages have other benefits, like...)." But you know, that isn't what you are arguing. You do not appear to be arguing that a citation would improve the user experience of the post. Or at least, that's not how it reads. Your comment reads like I have written a scholarly paper and violated the rules of citation. Is that really what you are saying here? There is a saying that I will attribute to Jerry Kaplan (since I read it in the forward to his book "Startup"): "Your ideas will go further if you don't insist on going along with them." Avi hasn't emailed to insist that he go along with that metaphor. Which is probably part of why it is spreading. > I think the problem is when people start commenting for the sake of commenting... Commenting is hard, let's go shopping! http://reddit.com/user/consultant_barbie Gwenhwyfaer suggested TAWDry languages. I'll lend a hand and upmod it. It was amusing for me the first few times I saw it, then irritating, then amusing again when he(?) actually quoted some Haskell. However, what I found interesting is not so much whether there are novelty comments like that, but rather the ratio of novelty comments to on-topic comments. It seemed rather extreme at the time I posted this: AFAICT, none of the reddit comments were on-topic, they were all attempts to make jokes. Just an observation really, who am I to tell people whether my own posts provoke any sort of technical discussion? At the moment I checked, 101 people liked it and 30 did not: http://reddit.com/r/programming/info/67xk0/details AFAICT, none of the six comments I've seen on reddit are critical, but on the other hand they don't praise it either. > ungracious Oh goodness me, that word is redolent of drawing rooms and mannerly discourse. I present you with two options: 1. There is a comment feature on the post, and it permits you to include hyperlinks. Help yourself. That's exactly what the comments are for, to allow you to suggest avenues of investigation for other readers. 2. If you think there's a rich connection that ought to be mined in prose, write a blog post and go into as much detail as you think appropriate. I'd like to read it. Who's wining? My article made the top ten on programming.reddit.com. That is very positive from my perspective. I was pointing out a difference in character between the two sites. I get the feeling that perhaps _you_ are tired of my writing. That's a completely reasonable feeling to have, and if you feel strongly about it, I have good news for you: http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/8751 Cheerio. I've had the same experience with certain books. That suggests to me you might want to try a new book. Of course, different books have different slants. Books designed as introductions for someone entirely new to the subject or as quick references are not going to be as mind-expanding as books designed for the intermediate or advanced reader. So far, I have found "The Rails Way" quite good when I've used it as a reference, if that is any help to you. Should I (a) google something, (b) read the source, (c) read blogs, or (d) read a book about it? Yes. Thank you. No, that is not strong enough: THANK YOU!!! > It would be interesting however to measure things like the probability of your interviewers making correct decisions, or (if you use standard questions) the correlation between answers to questions and performance (in the event of a hire). That was my objective when writing the post, although judging by responses on reddit, most people thought I was saying that naive bayesian filters could outperform human hiring managers. All I was suggesting is that people "Apply what we know about classification to hiring." And one of the things we know is that any classifier--human or machine or human assisted by machine--can be improved by regular investigation of the correlation between the features you observe and the results you obtain. > The real problem with resumes however is that anyone can put absolutely anything on it. True, although security by obscurity works for hiring. It's a lot more like CAPTCHAs than it is like Spam: if you are the only one who thinks that Io and Self language experience correlates positively with performance as a Javascript programmer, I think you will find that Io and Self are keywords that will maintain a high correlation. Then one day Joel Spolsky writes a post about that, someone reads it and puts it in a job listing, a head hunter sees it and adds it to some candidate resumes, and within a year the correlation drops off the map and you have to start looking for something else in resumes or you have to aggressively fizzbuzz it in phone screens. C'est la vie. Agree. There is a world market for maybe five computers. Ok, I am joking you may be right. But it is notoriously difficult to predict the market for programming languages. had you attended LL2 on [November 9, 2002]( http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/01/where-were-you-on-saturd... ), could you have predicted which of the languages discussed would be popular... five years later? The difference is that the negative folks are the most vocal, while the positive folks are trying arc instead of whining about their perception of Paul's behaviour. For example, I was just over on programming.reddit.com. The majority of the comments on this essay are smearing Paul's character. If you went by that, everyone hates it. Yet the essay has +115 points. So there are 115 people who liked the essay for each person who dislikes it. Where are their comments? This actually happened. But, unh, I was like, unh, there but not there, ifyaknowwhatimean, kinda-sorta. I recall reading something (sorry no link at the moment) which exhorted people to remember that anything which affected the software's ability to meet requirements is code and is to be treated as such. Which means... some kind of revision control and the full scrutiny of your QA process before deployment. So if a customer says, "and I want to be able to change the workflow rules without programming," you can say "Sure we can do that!" But you have to educate them to the fact that just because you give them a way to do that with a GUI or a DSL or whatever, the heavy part of the process--specification, testing, whatever--does not magically go away. I'm rambling a bit, but I guess I am saying that had this project succeeded exactly as they envisioned it, an incredible WTF would have hit them when the customer started changing the rules and breaking everything. The post? Or the quoted snippet of code? ;-) Weeeel... The truth is, I wrote the idea behind this a while back using String#to_proc to compare the way Ruby (roll your own) and Python (Guido decides) evolve. But considering I have no Python experience, I never published the post. Then today, for some reason, I was thinking about Open Classes again :-) Would (1..100).fold(&:+) be more obvious? How about (1..100).reduce(&:+)? If either one of those makes sense, perhaps it is a question of Matz choosing Smalltalk's names for methods (collect, select, detect, reject, inject). Please let me know if changing the name of the method doesn't help. I refuse to be blamed for Symbol#to_proc, it's a part of Rails and also Ruby Facets. "I fail to see why this is a good thing." Why what is a good thing? Why that line of code is a good thing? maybe it isn't, maybe arrays need a sum method, maybe you could just write: (1..100).inject { |acc, n| acc + n } ...and get the same result. But the article has nothing to do with why that line of code is a good thing, it is about the fact that being able to modify the Symbol class in this manner is what makes a langauge like Ruby evolve from the bottom up. So... do you think that is a good thing? Or a bad thing? The article does not claim that this is a good thing! It claims that the line of code says a lot about Ruby the language. Let me ask you a question: you arrived at the top of the article with a preconceived idea about Ruby. Did reading the article give you any insight, did you learn something about Ruby or about yourself by reading the post? If not, please downmod it, I have failed. "I am usually for flexibility and allowing anything to be modified, however this type of change strikes me as not very useful." That's entirely the point. If you are in favour of flexibility, you have to accept that people will use it for all sorts of things, not just ones you like. "I had no clue why injecting symbol soup into a range of integers was interesting." Lisp flavours? "A little explanation in your article would've been fine." Done, thank you. You would be amazed what people will do to Java. Just the other day I was reading something here about writing Java code using an Excel spread sheet. I'm pretty sure that wasn't in any of the JSRs. Actually, it's &(:+) not &:(+). The & takes its argument and converts from a Proc to a block. :+ is a symbol that implements the method #to_proc to give you a block that sums its receiver and its argument. "After learning more languages, Ruby is starting to become pretty ugly to me, but somehow people keep managing to ignore all its faults, make little hacks like these, and be very productive with it." When I first saw it, I wondered why anyone would want this irregular little language when they could just use Smalltalk or Scheme. An early rant asked why I have to know the difference between a block and a Proc: why the &^(%*)(& do I have to know when to use a block, when to use a Proc, and how to convert between them??? "have you failed? No. You wanted to show us your favorite line of Ruby code, and you did." Actually, I wanted to discuss how Ruby's open classes promote language innovation from the fringe, not to try to impress you with how clever that line of code is. "The next time you show a feature of a langauge, maybe make it solve a problem, or create something real, rather than just showing how few characters it takes to do something banal." And there you have why my article failed you: you think it is about how useful that line of code is, or how clever it is, or what problem it solves, when I think it is an example of how Ruby is different from centrally planned language. Is it great code? Of course not. Symbol#to_proc may even be an evolutionary dead end, AFAICT it's just a way to make OO code pretend that it's functional code. Your criticisms point out that I need to work harder on establishing and communicating my theses, thank you. Thank you, exactly!!! I subscribe to the series and enjoy it. I hadn't seen Hash#to_proc, I look forward to considering the possibilities carefully... "saying anything other than 'I love ruby' is shunned anyways." Well... I welcome criticism of Ruby. Please say whatever you like in a comment right on the post. I've never shied away from writing about the things in Ruby that irritate me. How else will we progress if we don't scratch when we have an itch? Your question takes my breath away. May I quote you? There are so many answers! Here are a few: The article does not claim that (1..100).inject(&:+) is great. It claims that it is a totemic example of Ruby code. There is nothing that technique X can do that technique Y cannot do given that X and Y are both Turing Equivalent. Of course you can write a library function to sum numbers. Do you also need a library function for the product of numbers? If so, you now know of a salient difference between the two approaches. One needs a function for each thing you want to do, the other gives you some pieces you combine in different ways to do what you want. Is one better than the other? That's up to you to decide, you are the programmer. Ruby lets you write your program either way. Now, Symbol#to_proc doesn't, in my opinion, add what I would call power. That's because you can always use a block or a lambda wherever you would use a symbol. But I may not have written the article well: the powerful and dangerous feature in Ruby is not Symbol#to_proc, it's Open Classes . Symbol#to_proc is an example of something you can do with an Open Class. Something else you can do with an Open Class is Hash#to_proc. Something else is Object#andand, a low-rent version of the Maybe Monad in Haskell. I consider Open Classes to be powerful and dangerous. Am I advocating them? Of course not, it is up to you to decide whether they are a good idea or not. What I find interesting about them is that Rubyists are pushing the language in new directions with them, like Symbol#to_proc. The idea of a language growing from the fringe is also powerful and dangerous. The fringe is an uneducated, seething mass. Thanks for the link, I will add it to the post. +1! "Submitting blog entries because you think they'll be of interest to people here is good; submitting blog entries because you want to attract readers to your blog is bad." My feeling is that you should submit everything you write. Let us decide what is worth reading, thats' why we vote. My suggestion--for your own optimization--is to submit articles slowly, there is such a thing as "raganwald fatigue" or "coding horror fatigue," where reading several articles from the same person on the same day becomes tiresome even if the content is good. But I don't care why you submit for the same reason I don't care why you write. You want to make money from ads? As long as you write well, what do I care? You want to be famous? As long as you write well, what do I care? It's the same thing with programs and start ups. What, are we supposed to shun the YCombinator startups that market themselves? I say judge programs on their merits, I say judge posts on their merits. Ah, my old friend whose name is here. Your comment is absolutely true. If I may ask, are you mentioning it because you think the post is suggesting otherwise? Or are you just mentioning it?? Something to think about--and this may become a small post--is that people already use mechanical filters right now. People use keywords or other criteria for selecting resumes to read when they use a database like monster.com or workopolis.com to hire. they do not read every resume. Obviously the expected likelihood of a positive outcome is lower than with placing certain types of ads or asking employees for referrals. But there's an opportunity for employers that use these kinds of databases to get less shitty results than the employers who advertise and read every resume they receive :-) So we are in agreement of sorts: if youa re asking employees to submit their friends, read every resume. If you are dealing with a hiuge data set--and monster.com is a hiuge data set--filtering helps. That being said, using a filter--no matter how well trained--on monster.com is still a terrible way to hire. Thus... more posts about playing the hiring game in the future... Thanks very much for clarifying your point. "So if the data you have is likely to be unreliable you might want to just ignore it." That prompts me to ask two questions: 1. So should you forget about data, or pay attention to collecting good data? WHich course of action is more important? 2. If you don't make decisions based on data... Just how are you making decisions? I am serious about question #2. We aren't talking about face to face interviews here, we're talking about looking at 200 resumes and deciding which ten people to call with the expectation of bringing 3-5 of the ten in for interviews. In my experience, when people tell me they are using their "experience" and "judgment," They are actually using a highly biased process, such as selecting people who went to their University or preferring people who share the same hobbies. I have 337 karma but I have no idea how to create a poll. Am I missing something? Or am I barred from creating polls? Two questions. First, do you think this is a safe generalization for companies whose primary business is software? And second, what portion of the entire job market for programmers is made up of jobs working for software companies? Loving it so far. I tried Google a few years back and discarded it within weeks. I would write an article critical of some programming language X and especially critical of trying to program in X without experience, and the ads would be for "Learn X in 21 days." I dropped it quickly. Even though Google ads produced clicks and revenue, they clashed with my weblog's basic philosophies. But in the trial so far, the Snaptalent ads are for the kinds of companies that seem to fit with my weblog's direction. Congratulations, everyone! http://weblog.raganwald.com (ads appear for individual articles, such as http://weblog.raganwald.com/2007/11/i-think-it-funny-that-as... ) Obligatory tweaks-love-firefox comment: At the moment, Snaptalent has start ups advertising for hackers. Do 50% of the people they want to hire use IE? Of course, when they make some sales to BigCo, they ought to be 100% IE compliant. David. Got it. Paul. Got it. AS???