I'd say it's more of a security concern than anything. The thinking being that you don't want a potentially disgruntled employee with little to potentially lose have access to your systems. If you're interested in the big data side of things there's Spark ( http://spark.apache.org/ ) and MLlib for it ( http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html ). H20 ( http://www.h2o.ai/ ) also provides ML algorithms on top of Spark (and I think independent of Spark as well, not sure of the current status). These are all written on the JVM either in Scala (Spark) or Java (H20). The first question is what you want out of life, do you want to be manager, and executive, a technical lead or do you want to be purely technical? All four offer promotion paths at large and (increasingly) small companies although staying technical will hit an age issue eventually. They are also very different tracks. That said, it sounds like you want to be an executive and let's say one at a larger company (ie: not a paper executive but an actual one). The skills you need for that are going to be leadership, management, charisma, politics, and networking. Since you're not going the technical track your technical skills are secondary at best. You want a nice title on your resume so pick a top company and join there. Find a manager who is not afraid of your ambition (a career middle manager will likely be, find someone with ambition), act like a leader and get promoted. This will give you pedigree while also teaching you about politics and management. You will eventually hit diminishing returns. Then, like the people you mentioned, jump to a startup as one of the founders or the person running it. This will teach you how to be a standalone leader, build up a network, and give you some executive-ish experience. It's vital you have the skills at this point to impress people at first impressions and maintain a networking relationship with them. Then either get acquired by a larger company or switch after a while using your network to find the new position. That's nothing new, if you pay $1million (or $500k depending on the area of investment) then you can essentially get a green card as it is: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EB-5_visa That seems a pretty standard stack, I don't know about twitter but I can say why I'd use them in my experience: 5. SQL variants: This is where you keep your source of truth data needed to serve request. It's flexible, reliable but moderately fast. The backbone of your infrastructure and you can consider everything else as enhancements to it to overcome specific limitations. 4. Blobstore: Your SQL database is not going to be good at storing large binary blobs such as files or images. 3. Redis/Memcache: Your SQL database may be too slow for some requests and/or it's data model may require too much work in the API layer to align with the final presentation model. So you want a blazing fast store that you can use for that final presentation view when requests don't differ from each other. 2. Graph: SQL databases aren't the best for graph queries or data (I mean you can hack it but it's going to be slower and uglier code wise) so if you need to look at data as a graph something dedicated makes sense. 1. Hadoop: You're getting lot's of log data from users, what they do, when they do it and so on. You want to analyze this data, build models (who to recommend for people to follow for example) and use it to probably serve ads (gotta pay the bills somehow). You could put this in SQL but it's a lot of data and you'll be doing a lot of read requests which will end up being slow and messy in SQL. Hadoop, on the other hand, is well suited for this type of data and workload. Large slow read heavy queries on data that is appended to but not modified in place. Why would the cost go up if more food isn't eaten? >I guess they weren't risk-averse enough in their operations though, so I'm glad I didn't get through. It sounds like it would have been an uphill battle all the way to make changes to keep things sane. I think they were risk averse which is the problem except they were judging against the wrong candidate profile. The risk adverseness meant they never hired anyone who diverged from their incorrect profile. As others have said, abrasiveness isn't a virtue especially in a role that requires others to change their behavior. There are in fact diplomatic ways to convey the same information which have a much higher chance of causing others to listen and getting everyone to adopt new processes. That someone is diplomatic and knows/care about their stuff are not mutually exclusive. That said, depending on their interview process they may be selecting out candidates who even diplomatically disagree about the existing ops processes which results in less than stellar hires. How is this any different from native code? Afaik, you can access the native compiled source code of an app on a jailbroken phone. Sure it's more of a pain to parse through but security through obscurity isn't security. >A society can't function if more than 10% of the population is in distress and that's exactly the purpose of insurance, the many helping the few, not the other way around. Who says you're going to get a random sampling of the population? Those more prone to needing insurance money are going to be more likely to sign up and thus drive that 10% much much higher. >Chrome has a built in spell checking service - which happens to send keystrokes up to Google. AFAIK it's enabled by default. I just checked, it's off on my install of Chrome so likely it' not on by default. The regular spell check is purely local. >if tech is a meritocacy then why are most jobs made through social connections? How do you judge someone in a meritocracy? Interviews? Not reflective of actual work. Also trivial to bias in favor of one group due to culture fit elements. Short term projects? Exclude people who have limited free time (generally the more senior/older ones). Resume? Trivial to lie on. References? How do you know the reference is competent? Social connections are merely another, imperfect, attempt to judge someone's merit. Specifically you trust the judgement of someone whose merit you have already proven in an actual job environment. Why do you assume that VCs don't know this rather than assume that the market creates forces which make them not care? I'd guess there is more money floating around than there are startups which meet all the metrics. Thus there's investment in riskier ventures (remember it doesn't matter if any startup succeeds as long as the fund comes out on top as a whole). Moreover startups which do have all these metrics may have many competing VCs which in turn lowers the return for the VC. >Most current trends seem to be towards increasing baggage. (docker) I'd disagree, docker for example makes it easier to create infrastructure as code which in turn makes it easier to replace pieces of that infrastructure. Same with micro-services which allow you to eventually replace isolated pieces of your infrastructure. The more modular and isolated pieces of code and infrastructure are the easier they are to replace piecemeal. Sadly Backblaze fails the main criteria of my mental checklist: * Can it backup linux machines? They basically fired their whole US engineering team from what I understand: https://www.reddit.com/r/Crunchyroll/comments/5oug4a/apparen... The issue is also one of false-positives. Even if you could spot fake accounts 100% of the time if you also flagged 1% of legitimate accounts as fake by that approach then it's non-viable. Remember that at Facebooks scale a 1% false-positive rate means 20 MILLION accounts. That's too much to even try sending for manual review. >If you're going to take a dump on the street, litter or shoot up drugs and leave your gross needle laying around, that absolutely should 100% be illegal. This doesn't have to do with being homeless, and everything to do with having bad manners without consequences for your actions. And now you're paying 10x as much to house them in a jail while probably increasing their chances of future illegal activity. Good luck getting anything else to actually stick to people suffering from a mix of medical issues, mental illness, and addiction. >Once you’re coordinating groups of people you need a manager to keep them working together towards a common goal. No, you need someone to coordinate them. It does not need to be your manager. Plenty of matrix and matrix like organizations which have split the two. Managers just need to enforce who that person is and resolve people (not product or business) disputes. >There can be advantages in that the developers more often can do the tasks passably well enough that you can spread tasks around, but if it's not accounted for a lot of the time people are fooling themselves when it comes to the costs. It is cheaper than hiring a full DevOps team which is a better apples to apples comparison. By spreading the load across the dev team I can automatically get a high bus factor and 24/7 hour on-call rotation. If the load cannot be spread across the team but requires specialized DevOps engineers then I lose both those very important points. Obviously once your company is large enough it's different but for small teams/companies it is an important factor. >I mentioned that approach, yes. But it can backfire if the team member is makes big mistakes. The non-technical manager will have a hard time identifying bad decisions before they blow up. Why do you assume an out of date and no longer practicing manager will have a better chance of catching errors than causing them? There is a reason you hire experts and that reason is not so you can ignore them. If you're afraid of a single point of failure then you foster a collaborative blame-free culture where the engineers cross check each other. I've had managers who would agree with you and generally they were bad managers who hadn't realized they were no longer Senior ICs. My experience agrees although proper management training/mentoring can alleviate some of the issues. However the timeline I've experienced is different: * You have a great engineer or lead who knows the project inside and out * They are promoted to management. * They still know the project inside and out plus were recently coding so they dictate how things are done technically. It works great. * They get put on a new project which they don't know inside and out. * They dictate how things should be done technically because it worked for them in the past successfully. It works horribly. >most of the room follows my instructions Be aware that this works only because you were technical lead of the project and recently active in a hands on capacity. It will likely fail you once you are on a new project that you don't know technically and your skills are years out of date. So learn to find, trust and nurture the experts on your team instead. >One very simple thing they could do that might be helpful is provide an easy to understand guidebook for understanding the quality of various healthcare providers. Sort of a Michelin guidebook for healthcare Define quality. I think more broadly people just don't think as much as they should about what they really (and realistically) need in a hire and if their hiring process actually selects for that. To me a Senior Engineer is one I can trust to implement a successful project end-to-end with minimal hand holding. In some environments that means technical leadership or project management over a team. In others it may mean being a domain and tech stack expert who can do it themselves. Other times it's someone who can quickly jump into a new domain and get things done. >Calculating the value of your data is pretty easy actually. No it's not. You're mixing up the value of the data with the value of your attention. The world has made a killing off of advertising long before personalization came about so saying it's all due to personalization is a bit silly imho. It's not like advertising didn't exist before the internet so blaming the tech giants solely for it's impact on society seems odd. They didn't create advertising, they simply took away advertising money from other mediums. Google made plenty of money from search and search advertising before personalization. By that logic an ad in a travel magazine is using your personal data. I personally wouldn't consider search ads with no data being stored or user level history being used as not being personalized or user targeted. They're to me no different from an ad in magazine or a static banner ad on a web page. Presumably they purposefully hired those VR engineers in the first place in which case they should have just hired more Security engineers. >You have two sub-problems here. Either you take endpoint security very seriously (which becomes its own much more important bullet point), or you trust employees to encrypt their devices on their own. This process should be entirely automated. My concrete criticism: mention this problem alongside endpoint security. Do you have any recommendations for endpoint security? I'm setting that up now and finding a good vendor has been annoying. >Precisely how are your engineers reviewing “basic” security without basic qualifications? There are standards and checklists for this (ie: OWASP Top Ten). Being able to read and follow a simple checklist, that someone recommends to you, doesn't mean you're even close to an expert in that area. That said, the OWASP Top 10 includes "Logging and Monitoring" on it while this checklist punts it to Series A, so it's confusing. Infrastructure as Code is a useful thing and this is essentially building on top of that idea. For example, you can spin up an exact copy of any environment automatically including all software running on it. If something utterly takes out an environment you can spin up a new copy of it and be certain it's identical to what was there before. You can rollback and manage multiple pieces of software at once if there's dependencies between them. You have an automatic and immutable audit log of who did what and when. Using git you can keep track of all infrastructure related changes in one place instead of trying to piece together information from multiple sources when debugging. She's was a Sysadmin at Facebook from what I can tell. Interesting, they used to have Wikipedia data and now it's gone from the list, anyone know why? >Candidates pair with members of the engineering team, and work together on problems/projects in the actual CircleCI codebase. This seems like it'll bias to those who can quickly ramp up on a new code base in an unfamiliar environment. Which, in my mind, is a distinct skill from being able to contribute quality code to a code base you already know. I wonder if this is known and acknowledged bias or not at CircleCI. I totally agree that everything introduces bias, I was more wondering if this was intentional/understood bias or accidental bias. I wonder if this just means they know so much about people from first-party data they've collected (including their share buttons on other sites) that the additional performance gains from third-party data weren't worth much. In which case you've now built a centralized medical record storage system. And since people lose their keys all the time and you don't want that to cause them to lose all their medical records you also now have access to their medical records in plain text. Interesting, in the US credit cards have much stronger protections and essentially any fraud is fairly trivial to get a charge back for in my experience (merchant eats the cost) without any impact on you. With debit cards fraud will drain your bank account instantly so there's less incentive for anyone to fix it (it's not their money in limbo). I also believe, but may be wrong, that up to fairly recently there were also stronger legal protections on credit card fraud versus debit card fraud. >You don't find Kubernetes needlessly complicated? Do you actually need Docker or Kubernetes? They make life easier in my experience especially if you need something more than a simple self-enclosed application. For what I do we need Apache Spark, Airflow (which in turn uses RabbitMQ and Celery if you want to scale out), possibly JupyterHub (which also needs some way to spin up child servers), and then the application code itself. I've wired some of it up myself in the past and it's a massive pain in the backside with lots of edge cases (Spark used to have a shitty massive python script for cloud deployments which always was missing something). Deploying it on Kubernetes with Docker on the other hand is rather simple. I basically trade the complexity of Kubernetes/Docker for the complexity of custom deployment/scaling/management code. In my experience, the code quality of the former is going to be much much higher than the code that an internal DevOps team outputs. Which you'll likely want with any DB since analytics workloads are very different than the usual production DB workloads. Why? Technically speaking, simple ETL is easy to automate and not too much maintenance headache. Twitter is arguably successful so why would you consider their decision to be folly? It worked for them. Startups have limited resources. If you devote them to solving tomorrow's problems then you'll be beaten by someone who devotes their resources to solving today's problems. Which is neither json or yaml... It is however the push recently in Spark seems to be for better/faster Python support more than anything else. Probably because Databricks makes it's money from it's hosted notebooks environment which caters more towards non-engineers (who in turn would be more put off by having to learn Scala I'm guessing). I've used it for the last month+ now and it's not quiet there yet. Setup via terraform was mostly fine although the default subnet sizes were too small (since the networking layer seems to over-allocate IPs you only get 30% of the IPs usable for pods). The metrics backend is broken so metrics based auto-scaling of pods doesn't work. Also, r5 nodes aren't supported by the networking plugin since someone forgot to add them into it. User authentication for access to EKS is somewhat awkward. Also, the user role that creates the EKS cluster has magic admin access which I can't find a way to control. Because someone figured that they will make the most profit at that price point taking costs into account. Keep in mind that there are also presumably per student costs for things like grading assignments, exams, virtual office hours, etc. edit: Profit as institution, not just on this program, devaluing their in-person MS programs by charging very little for the online version would be a net negative in profit for example. Most likely tracking down what originally populated the variable and how it's used. I'm assuming the code base was large and spaghetti like. I'd say it's somewhat akin to proving a negative. Sure you get that it's a const, reference and function argument which likely refers to the Last Name Column. However is that all it is? Or is there more meaning in the name? Meaning that could be crucial to understanding how the application functions? Does one of the characters mean function reference or does it refer to something else? Apparently not in this case but how can you know without investigating? And prions are regular proteins just folded a bit differently but they give you mad cow disease. Biology can be tricky and even small differences can matter. Now how do you separate out a recruitment company who has solid experience engineers on board from one that doesn't but says they do? I've seen many of the latter and many founders who thought they were getting the former in the deal. Define experienced engineer. I've seen many on-paper experienced engineers who would be worse than a junior engineer on a project. >oh yeah I've seen that before, lets not do that here's why Which can actually be a pretty bad way of going about it imho if you only use your own direct experiences for that. Just like science, basing your decisions on a limited number of anecdotes is problematic because small biased subsets are not representative of the whole. >You have to make a decision based on something. And like science you can base it on the collective experience versus your personal experience. Preferably from rigorous studies but we mostly lack those in CS. So hopefully you're reading books, blog posts, studies, conference presentations, discussing with colleagues, etc. >this is why in most serious technical interviews today, you will often get asked about your past experiences. Interestingly the top companies seem to be focusing a lot less on experience and a lot more on problem solving/system design/etc. Preferably for an internal project you have a trusted delegation chain that would catch the issue early on. >Simply integrating with 365 isn’t enough to justify its use for anyone who knows any better. But compliance may be. For example, Slack charges a lot of money and requires a lot of users for actual HIPAA compliance (as in signing a BAA, everything else is marketing fluff). Teams, from what I can tell, comes with a BAA out of the box. >Slack charges what, $12/user/month for the full version with compliance and auditing included? The $12/user version does NOT include a signed BAA which means it is not HIPAA compliant for all intents and purposes. Like I said, anything without a BAA that says it's HIPAA is useless marketing fluff designed to confuse people. Only the Enterprise Grid product is eligible for a BAA and I believe even then there's some large minimum contract fee. >substantially Wow, that's a legal landmine. Is there even a legal standard or consensus for what "substantial" means? >If the instance runs at higher CPU utilization for a prolonged period, there will be an additional charge of $0.05 per vCPU-hour. This seems to be the same as the T2 unlimited instances. Interesting that it's now the default and only (?) option. My reading of the comments is not that it must be free but that it must be well designed (legally) and without BS. Saying it OSS + Something when that Something makes the whole thing not OSS is disingenuous and somewhat fishy at a minimum. It's marketing BS designed to make the whole thing seem better than it is. Engineers tend to dislike marketing BS. If it's no longer OSS then that's fine but be fully honest about it. When that Something is furthermore legally ambiguous and with many open questions that also a valid complaint. Lawyers are expensive and Engineers overall dislike dealing with them. A license that requires and invites lawyers is naturally not going to go over well. For how long is the question to me, per the blog post: >Redis’ permissive BSD open source license allows them to do so legally, but this must be changed. Doesn't seem like having Redis core contain enough useful functionality and staying BSD lines up with their vision. Based on this interview from 2016 Salvatore agrees with the issues of BSD and cloud vendors so he may be a lot more amenable to a license change than you suspect: https://venturebeat.com/2016/06/19/redis-creator/ >But now, for the first time, GPL could be interesting again because of the cloud vendors. Because with BSD, cloud vendors are able to extract a lot of value from an open-source project, to the point of making it very hard for the project’s initial creators to make a business out of it. Let’s call it the “AWS problem.” The AWS problem, technically, could be enough in some way to create problems for the whole open-source ecosystem. Now people know that if they start an open-source project and put a lot of effort into it, they could be marginalized by AWS. That could mean that GPL would return again as the primary license for open-source software in the future. Another problematic aspect of this is that to me the Redis situation seems like a corporate grab of open source software after the fact. By that I mean, Redis Labs are not the creators of Redis. They are a consulting agency that then hired the creator of Redis. In other words, they only exist because the original Redis was not Commons Clause. Now they want to build a moat so others can't do what they did. Not a good precedent. Reminds me of Databricks, the company founded by the Apache Spark creators. More and more of what they do is fully proprietary and at least one their previously OSS module is now proprietary (Redshift integration). They also boast of how much faster their cloud offering (running on top of AWS) is than other Spark cloud versions (running on top of AWS) which makes me suspect there's performance improvements that they're not open sourcing. They have a right to do it but then they're making proprietary software and people who like open source software are free to not like/support them as a result. >So basically Apache has two separate projects doing the same thing As someone else said Airflow and NiFi are decently different. However, Apache having multiple projects that overlap is pretty common. Streaming you have Flink, Spark and Storm. Batch processing you have Flink, Spark, Hadoop MapReduce, Hive, and Tez. Serialization you have Avro and Thrift. Columnar storage you have ORC and Parquet. Batch ETL management you have Oozie and Airflow. NoSQL you have Cassandra and HBase. That's just off the top of my head. I agree in principle but I've first hand seen what happens when a company that has grown doesn't get the tools it needs. A ticketing system, for example, is how you create a unified view of what matters and what should be worked on. Otherwise it becomes a game of politics and social cunning down to the IC level which is not how I want to spend 8 hours of my day. The Toyota system seems fairly different than a diesel-electric train system to me. As I understand it in a diesel electric system the three components (diesel engine, generator and electric motor) all do one thing the whole time and there's no batteries. In the Toyota system however the electric motors can flexibly act as either motors or generators. The gas engine in Toyota also doesn't need to always be on to provide power. EKS pods use the VPC networking layer so I think they meet the criteria. They use secondary IPs attached to instances rather than virtual IPs. I’ve been able to route to them from non-EKS instances in the same VPC. >That said, I think the main point is that his manager and some of his colleagues ganged up on him because they felt threatened, and that resulted in him being let go. >That does indicate a problem for Google if true. I mean, if his writing is a reflection of how he behaves then why is this a problem for Google? Getting rid of toxic people in a company is a positive and not a negative. >Nov 09, 2018 05:59 >We will provide more information by Monday, 2018-11-12 11:00 US/Pacific. Wait, did the people tasked with fixing this just take the weekend off? Fair point but still seems odd that the people providing updates took the weekend off during a large scale customer impacting issue. I'm sure all the people spending the weekend trying to mitigate the impact of this on their infrastructure would love to have timely updates. I appreciate all the effort you're putting in and I understand such situations can be stressful but user's having to depend on someone responding on hacker news for status updates seems really amateur for an organization the size of google. The default you linked to has not been updated in 2 days... which is my whole point regarding having to rely on hacker news for any status updates. edit: The default is also only about the UI issue and there's no issue tracker for the broader non-UI disruptions going on since Friday. >This is a problem in the web ui creating additional node pools, there is a very simple workaround to use gcloud. What major impact are you referring to? Based on comments in this thread even gcloud is failing and so are other non-kubernetes services. Which may be inaccurate but there's a lot of people saying the same thing so maybe it is. You're right however that the linked issue is only about the UI. So Google isn't even tracking the service distribution issue in it's issue tracker much less updating people on. I personally think that's even worse... >Just to clarify, what should this update contain? "We're working on it", possibly an ETA for a fix or some details. Technically it's fluff but people are not machines and the update is for people. We like the feeling that people are working on a fix, that people care and that the end is in sight. It makes the situation less stressful and, as for why Google should care, less stressed engineers won't bad mouth Google as much after the fact. Right now we don't know. It's one of two possibilities from what I can tell: a) Google had a global service disruption that impacted Kubernetes node pool creation and possible other services since Friday. They had a largely separate issue for a web UI disruption (what this thread links to) which they forgot to close on Friday. They still have not provided any issue tracker for the service distribution and it's possibly they only learned about it from this hacker news thread. b) People are having various unrelated issues with services that they're mis-attributing to a global service disruption. Simple, the cost of an outage is less than the cost of a support contract. Very few things are really mission critical as in they can never go down. Rather they simply have a cost to going down and you can choose to pay that one way or another. >Google's mature products like Ads, Docs, GMail, etc are amazing. Until something goes wrong and the only recourse is to post an angry Hacker News thread or call up people you personally know at Google to get it fixed. For example https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/22/that-time-i-got-locked-out... . I mean, western companies promoted powdered milk to developing countries which likely has indirectly killed a lot of babies. They also promoted smoking, pollution, petroleum, prescription narcotics and a lot of other things that have killed a lot of people including babies. The world is not stable, technology is not stable, your competitors are not stable and your customers' desires are not stable. If you don't try to grow then eventually you'll start to shrink. Chrome is fun, today I learned you cannot turn off auto-complete for a page in chrome. Possibly some really creative hacks can do it but those seem to be "fixed" every so often as well. Which is great when you're building a HIPAA compliant page and would prefer that people's medical information not get cached by chrome (and then uploaded to their cloud storage if you're logged in). Where did I say URL? I'm talking a POST based form. Put a value into it a text field and Chrome will helpfully save it for future auto-completion. Then it'll upload it to your account on their cloud if you're logged into an account. How do you think it's able to fill out your name, address, etc. on all those web forms? I personally find that claim dubious since I don't think there are 150 units available in all of LIC and it takes a non-trivial amount of time to buy a condo. So for 150 to sell in a week that means there must be 300+ in flight which is basically impossible. Plus for a single firm to do that means there must be, what, 5x as many across other firms which comes out to 1500+. I somehow doubt that 20+% of LIC's total condos are in the process of being sold within a few weeks. My guess is that there's some sort of velocity/acceleration threshold. So since the elevator car was still attached by other cables it didn't fall fast enough to trigger the mechanism earlier. >But I think they had/have more than enough money to be a strong player in the enterprise market. I've dealt with their business division(s) recently and it was nothing but headache after headache. Things didn't work (and no one knew why), opaque convoluted processes, weeks of waiting, 503 errors when trying to pay, etc. For comparison, AlphaZero used 4 TPUs and the same number of cores. So more computing power but not absurdly so. >but um now we need governments to stop us, please? I read it more like: "we now need governments to stop our competition by creating a much higher barrier to entry than we had to deal with." In this case it's almost the opposite I think. MS has good technology and that is why they would want regulation. If there's regulation then any potential competitor will now have a much harder time creating a competing product. Interesting although apparently still experimental. Does anyone know if Drone has good support for a monorepo? As in, on a PR only running tests for the projects which have code changes in that PR? With CircleCI the solution we use is really hacky. If I open a question then I basically get nothing but that question (and similar questions) show up in my feed. For someone who has passing interest in random topics (so I click on a random question every so often) suddenly having nothing but repetitive WW2 tank questions in my feed is annoying. All those topics I was told to select, btw, mean nothing apparently and never show up in my feed nowadays. I took the chance with their data breach and required password change recently to just stop using the site altogether. Two week notice during the holiday season seems pretty sudden and painful for users. I feel bad for those who now have to scramble and probably miss time with their families as a result. Yeah, definitely not fun for those impacted. In my eyes it's evidence that you definitely shouldn't bet your company on a startup unless you have a backup plan that you can implement quickly or the benefits are massive (ie: the reward is worth potentially losing your business). Larger companies also kill products but they tend to give a lot more heads up. Sure Google can and does shut down products but they tend to give more than two weeks notice during the holidays. >If this is ok with thermodynamics then so is using lenses. It's okay because solar panels are not perfectly efficient while lenses are, in theory, perfectly efficient. That efficiency loss is in essence the "cost" of moving heat from a colder to a hotter place. I'm guessing, but don't quote me on it, that solar panel efficiency is related to the temperature of the sun and the local environment just like any other heat engine. >Each new platform takes time to write support for and we have a long list of features requests. We'll get there! And until you write that support do you still take tips and send them to the whois account holder of the domain? Or do you block tips? Because I find that I do not fully understand a problem and it’s potential solutions until I am working through it in reality. >In fact, you could argue that the GDPR concentrates power in the hands of those megacorps That's pretty much par for course with any regulation. Regulation creates a barrier to entry for new players which means that existing players benefit. Just like Microsoft wants AI regulated now that they're an established and large player in the space. If there's enough of a net benefit for consumers is a separate issue. Is it a joke? Does the average customer care more about saving $10 or protecting someone's copyright? I'd argue given the how prevalent copyright infringement by people has been that they'd rather save $10. So Amazon is doing exactly what customers want which is cheap goods irrespective of everything else. The linked story is mainly about copyright infringement of artists and that is what I responded regarding. You're talking mainly about trademark infringement and I agree that Amazon is screwing over their customers regarding it. Of course, their end game is pretty clear in that area. Buy "AmazonBasics" products and you're certain they're legitimate.