I have worked in Beijing for more than 4 years as a researcher for a big American company (Microsoft). Its not that bad here but you definitely have to fight the traffic, pollution, and the great firewall. The political situation is mostly transparent to us, except via web blocking and some weird archaic events (military parades anyone?). Other places in China are a bit better in terms of environment but then those cities are not as comfortable in western niceties (e.g., coffee shops). If you are experienced in tech, you can always get a job here that pays fairly well; maybe 80% of what you could make back home if you are just a good developer, more if you are very experienced or in management. The talent market in China is very skewed toward junior workers, and so experience is very much desired. The tech scene here is not very deep, although their are some entrepreneurs who do startups (most of them that I know of are in mobile gaming). rkon is basically right. My landlord isn't selling his apartment because the prices are too high and so no one is buying, WTF? The real estate market here is incredibly bizarre and opaque. Its not entirely clear how China will dig itself out of its current situation. On the one hand, perhaps they can grow out of these problems, but their are severe structural problems that need to be reformed sooner or later. A crash would bring those changes but it would be painful for all of us. I naively have most of my savings in a Chinese bank. This year I'm thinking about diversifying since a banking collapse is always possible and its not clear how we would be insurancd. I make much more than 10K a month in Beijing without leveraging my foreign-ness, most of my Chinese colleagues pull similar salaries. A new graduate from a decent school could expect to make 18 or 20K a month, a newly minted PhD probably more. Laowai startups here often don't pay well and look for low-end talent accordingly, its nice to access low-end talent but you get what you pay for. For my friends who run startups in the 'jing, it works for them but just barely. One of my American friends just did a stint at a big Chinese tech company. He was willing to immerse himself, but the cultural differences were just too great. They had time cards for software developers for crying out loud (and no, it wasn't a consulting company)! Suffice it to say he's decided to do a startup. It's not just that. The real estate companies collude to keep prices high, and won't let landlords consider lowering their prices (they won't market the house, and you can't really market it yourself for some reason). A lot of craziness in this sector, something has to give. I have a hard believing that you'd be able to even do a conference call in the thick of it (especially the new year eve fireworks). I can barely have a conversation with the person in front of me, let alone do anything with the phone. Truly, a war zone isn't that bad. I thought it had more to do with European CS departments often being considered part of math while American CS departments were often considered part of EE. That would account for some difference in the habit of buying hardware in the beginning (say 60s and 70s): EE already had to buy a lot of that while the math department did not, so it was a new thing for a department that generally did not have high capital expenses. But I don't think the ability to buy hardware is as relevant as the different mindset between mathematicians, who focus on more abstract problems, and engineers, who focus on more concrete problems, especially today when hardware is cheap. Being an American-trained computer science and spending some time working in Europe, it definitely felt like more emphasis was placed on formalism vs. engineering. Even China Daily used to call micro-blogging "Twitter" before they were rebuked by government censors. The simple fact is that Weibo is and always has been a clone of Twitter with Chinese characteristics. The government's move to enforce Real IDs will probably basically lock out all foreigners or anyone without Chinese ID numbers (including even citizen overseas Chinese), making Weibo even more obscure outside of China. Weibo is not a competitor to Twitter since Twitter does not work inside China without jumping the wall. Weibo is completely protected by the Chinese government from competition with Twitter. Living in China for almost 5 years now, I am beginning to wonder if this is actually true. China was much more open before 2008 Olympics than after, its basically been downhill for the last 3 years. Engagement alone doesn't bring results, there also needs to be an explicit push for progress. They've definitely piled on the features for weibo to suit the Chinese audience; most of this innovation is local. The nice thing about Twitter was its simplicity, that you don't have to load pics in the tweets you receive, that the visual design is simple, and you don't have any pointless reputation side games to distract you. Weibo goes and adds those features, I don't think it makes it better than twitter in anyway, although it is definitely different. Couple that with the fact that 140 ideographic Chinese characters is much more information than a 140 phoentic letters (say 1.5, 2 times as much) along with threaded discussions, and weibo begins to look more like full on social networking than just microblogging. The way weibo has bitten into Kaixin and Renren is evidence of that. However, I wouldn't call "Weibo" more than a Twitter clone until they are allowed to compete head-to-head with Twitter by the Chinese government. Weibo is simply Twitter in China because Twitter isn't allowed to exist. The researchers were analyzing message blocks, where there is explicit feedback from Weibo that your message isn't harmonious enough. Has Weibo has resorted to hell banning messages yet; where the user thinks the message has gone through but is silently repressed by the system from reaching many users? That should be detectable though by using multiple accounts in the experiment. As has been pointed out in the replies about 30 times already, PostPC doesn't mean the PC is dead, it only means that the PC market is mature and innovation slows way down as everyone focuses on newer more dynamic markets. The fact that people feel no need to upgrade their PCs anymore yet they are still rushing out to buy the new iPad is symptomatic of that. Surely I'll buy a new PC in the future to replace my old one, but I don't expect my sister or dad to do the same. I once had a workmate in 1999 whose sentiment was similar to your post, just focusing on a different device. We got into an argument about whether the desktop PC market was over or not. He didn't really believe that laptops were really more than niche devices, they were too slow, displays were too small, that most people would use desktop PCs for decades to come. That you could never do more than surf the web on it, you couldn't hack serious code with it. That tablets are for consumption only...really? Diagramming (e.g., OmniGraffle), vector graphic production, sketching, mixing and producing music, editing images, updating a spreadsheet...why not? Many are using tablets for production already. Every year someone says iPad can't do X, the next year someone releases something that does X and it actually doesn't suck. I often use my iPad 2 in bed (~1 foot distance), the screen is really close and I can see the pixels. The new iPad is absolutely frigging amazing, I'll never look at my crappy DELL/HP monitors at work in a positive way again (yes, I can see the pixels!). Why have we been stuck at the same crappy 1920x1200 pixel resolution for at least 5 years now? Could it be that no one care about innovating in the PC market because they can't make any money? That a 10" iPad has a higher resolution than my 24" PC monitor is totally Post PC. Higher PPI is more important, not less, as your eyesight degrades. Turns out pixelation is bad for your eyes. The advantage to having a higher PPI is that things are clearer, not smaller as some windows aficionados have come to expect. Nobody is significantly investing in desktop pc display technology right now as far as I know, not samsung or LG, it's very stagnate. That's the point, PC R&D seems as good as dead. It's a big shame, I would really love a decent display for my workstation. Many of us are working on touch-based programming on tablets, I think there will be many interesting tablet-based programming environments coming on line this year. One of the problems I have with AppInventor is that it feels like procedures (in a hidden event loop) are not the right abstraction for the high-level programming model that they are aiming for. With all the buzz about the new iPad recently, I was wondering why our PC monitors have failed to advance very much in the last few years. The article linked in this post describes it very well, quote from article on why there isn't demand: • 100 ppi is “good enough” for the majority of PC applications. • There are almost no examples of monitors over 100 ppi to create desire. • Most consumers and business users have never experienced a high-ppi monitor. • There’s no broadly applicable “killer app” for high-ppi monitors • Because the Windows UI doesn’t scale well, higher ppi makes Windows harder to use • Higher-ppi LCDs are more expensive. 7 years later and we are exactly in the same spot while most of the display R&D has moved to mobile. Let's hope this starts changing soon, I really want an affordable 200+ ppi 24" monitor. If the developer is going vector, they don't really have to do anything (the scaling works transparently). And its turning out to be a good time to go vector. What's your point? A high-end Nokia Windows Phone costs about just as much as an iPhone 4S, while a low end Nokia Windows Phone seems to cost just as much...as an iPhone 3GS. Sure, Nokia feature phones are cheap...but we aren't talking about that. I predict that a spec-comparable high-end Nokia tablet will cost just as much as an iPad (their production costs are higher than Apple's, so they can't go lower, and its suicide to go higher). Definitely don't underestimate Microsoft, nor Microsoft Research :). But there is nothing magical going on, Apple mints even more cash than MS does these days. This is quite true, with existing technology the graphic designer always has to touch up their Illustrator PNGs in Photoshop (conspiracy theory: does Adobe do this on purpose so people will buy photoshop?). But at higher PPIs, the aliasing effects of rasterization are much less, you could almost turn anti-aliasing off at retina display levels, so vectors begin to make more sense. Of course, the problem is that there are still a lot of displays out there where anti-aliasing is necessary, and for some reasons our algorithms always screw it up if done in real time. Perhaps we just need better algorithms (e.g., see Direct2D). The final problem they mention is one of physical size, but it makes sense that you'd have a lesser detailed vector for something that is really small vs. something that is very big; its a design issue. How is TortioseGIT deficient compared to TortoiseHg? I would think at this point, they are sort of equivalent, but I don't have experience with Mercurial. When I saw Guy give this talk I was absolutely floored. Both the content and the style was impressive, the hand drawn transparencies, layered one on top of the other. It was the first time I realized one could give a talk with a high degree of style, that their were geniuses in our field. Guy and Gabriel's HOPL 50-in-50 talk was also very stylistic, but not as profound in content (more like entertainment). Definitely one of the smartest and most talented persons in our field (OO PL). You can only love or hate C++ if you've used it, and I would guess that many readers on hackernews have never had the pleasure of using C++ a lot before; i.e., as a professional C++ programmer (though this would be an interesting poll to take!). I listed C++ as a dislike, and I believe it deserves the hate. C++ basically means full employment for PL engineers (like myself) to build decent parsers (C++ is almost unparsable), compilers, bug checkers (C++ code is dense with bugs that can be found via analysis), and so on. I came to a point in my career early on where I realized that this was just ridiculous, so I got out of the C++ tool industry just as fast as I got into it (and worked on Scala instead, sort of ironic). Many people have to use C++; e.g., if you are writing embedded systems, OSes (device drivers), or games. Most everyone not in those industries will just continue to stay away from it. I doubt it, the results are just biased. I bet there is a higher population of readers that uses Java + some other dynamic or newer language that they like better and would prefer to use rather than Java. The poll isn't scientific, nor was it expected to be. Dynamically typed is still typed. That the error occurs at run-time means the typing is dynamic. If the error did not occur at all (int was unsafely coerced into a string), then that would be untyped or weakly typed. Static type safety is desirable, dynamic type safety is almost essential. But they are both type safety. I would call Brainfuck (and other esoteric languages) as an instance of what "critical design" as described by Anthony Dunn. The goals of critical design are to produce artifacts that get you to think vs. "affirmative design" which is meant to create usable artifacts. Living in China, I was going to reply the same way. Without factual information, all you have are rumors. The opacity of the CCP necessarily leads to crap like this. Bloomberg was meta-reporting on the rumor, where it is factually verifiable that the rumor has arisen. In the absence of real information rumors are very important to our daily life; e.g., if chinadaily explicitly refutes a rumor, it gains some possibility of actually being true since otherwise they probably would not have taken the effort to refute it. I can understand why Bloomberg would take the presence of a rumor as news, not claiming any truth to the rumor as fact. We are still on edge with the Wang Lijun Chengdu consulate incident. What the heck was that all about (we still don't have any clue)? Something is up, and since this year is a leadership change, there is a lot of power jockeying going on, really anything could happen. Its going to be a very interesting year to say the least. The rumor was only censored, it wasn't obliterated. The weibo crowd will just start using code words to keep talking about it. I noticed this today; it was very glaring. Hopefully its back now, but I won't know until I leave work (we have a GFW-free separate connection in the office). It could have just been a glitch and nothing planned, but I agree with the poster that these things should be taken seriously (at least by those of us in Beijing). This is what I envisioned for the Scala IDE when I started that project 6 or so years ago. But I got frustrated when it started turning in a Java-Frankenstein monster that was trying to embody all of what I thought was wrong with Java ecosystem. Eclipse just wasn't the right platform, and the Eclipse IDE metaphors are just clunky and outdated. My ScalaLive proposal was perhaps 6 years too early, while I never really figured out to package up my live programming work as well as Bret and Chris have. I'm glad that this project exists and is being pursued. Its about time! Note that the PDF includes quicktime movies (this was before youtube became common place). You can only see these if you read the PDF in Acrobat with quicktime installed; and even then you have to tell Acrobat that you trust the document not to do anything bad (its no wonder noone includes movies in their papers). This is a very big problem in China's startup scene; even Qihoo is very dodgy and might not have a real business plan. Lee Kai Fu's Innovation Works are trying to break this habit; they are starting fairly small and looking for startups that could have YCombinator-style exits. I'm not aware of any other incubators, at least in Beijing, this is still a very new thing. Actually, there is a lot of money sloshing around in China looking for places to go, given the opaque stock market, bad real estate market, and strict capital controls. But just knowing that someone will probably rip off your idea if you are even semi successful makes investing way too risky. Isn't web search quite an old field? It was around in 1996. Before that there was AltaVista and Excite. RankDex is definitely not as good as PageRank with respect to results, I'm sure they have moved beyond that by now. I think what Baidu did copy outright was Google's minimalistic look and feel, which is definitely not very Chinese but appreciated nonetheless. Same with qqmail and gmail. But that part has already happened; China has copied the industrial capacity of the west and you could say even improved on that. There is some amount of protectionism to the Internet though: whereas the British were trying to prevent the technology from flowing out, China is actually trying to prevent the technology from flowing in, indirectly through their blocking policies. That is very self defeating, it means the Chinese are copying business models and designs, and they aren't very focused on developing better technology (where the web is concerned, at least). It used to be more common in the past: you buy something, and the fapiao (certified tax receipt) would include some sort of scratch off thing that was like a lottery; so you had some incentive to collect your fapiao and preventing the department store from low balling their taxes. Store owners are not supposed to recycle unclaimed fapiaos, that is definitely illegal, and many companies who follow the law to the letter (like Starbucks) make it very convenient for you to exchange your xiaopiaos (normal receipts) for one fat fapiao in bulk, since they are not gaining anything by not issuing a fapiao. Likewise, Microsoft (my employer, an American company) doesn't require us to play the fapiao game for most of our benefits. However, we need fapiaos for any expenses that occur in China, while there are a few benefits that require fapiaos (a travel and gym benefit) that are easy to get and one foreigner-only benefit where we can get back our tax on rent if only we could ever get our landlord to issue a fapiao (unlikely, they would just jack up the rent for the taxes they weren't dodging). And let's not get started on getting the name right for the fapiao. It must be in Chinese and it must be the official name of our company. I think for Microsoft China its something like Microsoft (China) Limited, but all in Chinese characters, and its bad if you can't write that down exactly right. [Edit] Let me describe the fapiao game: your company (usually a Chinese one) low balls your salary (say 2 or 3K RMB a month) but allows you to claim lots of personal expensive as business expenses. Even more fun: some require you to collect fapiaos but don't reimburse you for your expenses (universities do this a lot!). Fapiaos now require the name of the company that will be claiming the tax benefit so you can't just exchange them with your friends, meaning you need to be diligent about collecting fapiaos. Taxi fapiaos are the easiest, as they don't require names (so you can collect them and exchange them with friends if you want). These days, the IDE is apart of the language; we will see more languages that push integration with their IDE in as much as Smalltalk did in the past. No one would think about using a language without a compiler, developers increasingly feel the same way about the IDE. As for (c), it depends on the city and even restaurant. Many places can't afford fapiao printing machines, and so the government is more lax and lets them use preprinted anonymous fapiaos. These are being phased out, but if you leave the big cities you'll still see a lot of that, and even in Beijing we get fapiao tickets at some lower end places. I'm employed by a western company that doesn't play fapiao games, and I get a lot more than that (how much is confidential, but I make just a bit less than I would in the states for a comparable position). Many of my friends get fairly low salaries (2/3K may be outdated, its probably more like 4/5K now), but get a lot of "benefits" that I don't; especially if they work for SOEs (state owned companies); i.e., many have nice cars (provided) but not enough money to really park them (not provided). Spoken Chinese is much easier to learn than Japanese or French, in my experience. Coming from English, I find that the grammar isn't that difficult while word order is very relaxed. Since most native speakers have an accent or dialect anyways, there is no pressure to speak in a standard way (I find I'm more understandable when I talk as casually and loosely as possible). I gave up on written Chinese a while ago. I can text well enough and do some simple IM conversations, basically my writing mirrors my oral skills fairly closely. But I can't read a sign, a notice, a newspaper, its almost another language and I'm not so interested in putting the effort in. > As for the second sentence, for a person with no background in tonal languages, learning the tones in Mandarin is extremely challenging. The biggest mistake of most Chinese learners is taking tones too seriously. Really, they aren't that important. If you screw up a tone in context you'll still be understood. Focus on words and grammar first, pronunciation isn't that important since most people have dialects. Cantonese people speaking mandarin can be quite entertaining though. When I first moved to Beijing, I had problems getting the taxi drivers to understand me since I wasn't putting the 'er' behind everything, which is local dialect. Suffice it to say, I now speak with a Beijing accent. Eventually, you just start getting the tones right because you speak and listen so much. I can get by native sometimes (limited only by my bad vocabulary) and I've never study tones consciously for words I learn. When I'm really tired, I sometimes change my 'sh' to 's' and sound more southern. Nobody really cares. However, I do screw up sometimes when saying words like "jichang" and "jingcheng," and will wind up on the wrong expressway in the taxi. This has not much to do with tones though. Normally, betanews quality is just so so, but occasionally they have some nice columns, this one begins with... > The direct impetus for this column is IBM’s internal plan to grow earnings-per-share (EPS) to $20 by 2015. The primary method for accomplishing this feat, according to the plan, will be by reducing US employee head count by 78 percent in that time frame. Basically, you mean, they preserve their research organization that keeps doing cool things. There has been a recent wave-2 Exodus of IBM researchers to Google NYC; its not clear that they will be able to preserve their ability to make cool advances. When I was working on Scala (5+ years ago), the syntax was still pretty rich but the parser was fairly concise. Martin is very good about designing consistent and fairly compact syntax; you get the richness from just a few rules that are easily expressed via recursive descent; there is a little bit of lexer madness for semicolon inference, but this isn't that big of a deal. Its definitely nowhere near C++ in terms of unparsability; one could probably write their own parser for Scala over a weekend or so (depending on their compiler skillz). This is not very accurate. SCIP in [yesterday Scheme, today Python] is taught first to MIT students (where SCIP comes from). Some universities follow MIT but most do not; I don't think there are many schools actually using SCIP at the high end, maybe some lower end schools trying to emulate MIT in order to capture their greatness (rarely works from what I hear). Example: U of Washington CSE 142 (the entry level course for one of America's better programs) starts with Java and continues that through 143. OO gets a bad rap, it is incredibly useful in applying ontology to program structuring. Yes, OOP in Java isn't ideal, but if you look at more pure OOP languages like Smalltalk or Self, its virtues really do begin to shine through. FP is great when expressing computations, but we often are just gluing nominal entities together, where OOP excels over FP. I like to have a few FP options in my languages (C#, LINQ), but my mind is firmly rooted in objects when it comes to overall macro design of the program. I don't even think this is true. There are many universities with PLT faculty (DrScheme, Racket) where Scheme is used in some courses but not the intro ones. At anyrate, I don't see how this assertion is even useful, even if it was true. And yet this problem kind of goes away in a key value or graph database. I wonder if the ORM mismatch is often not one of objects getting in the way, but one of using relational in the first place. At anyrate, how you manage your objects (for things like search) is ideally orthogonal to the objects themselves; though this is difficult to accomplish in practice. I use objects in reactive (non-persistent/DB) systems all the time. Objects aren't the problem, but you do have to manage your dependencies dynamically by tracing/dirtying/and cleaning. Objects actually excel at encapsulating and managing state, it is much harder to do this with functions (see all the work on functional-reactive programming). They are being really transparent about their visual design process. Whether you agree with them or not, its very interesting to read about their reasoning. I'm mildly excited about Visual Studio 2011, but I see a lot more radical changes coming in newer IDEs like Cloud9, or of course, LightTable. However, 360 is only net positive now on a per quarter basis, which only counts current costs against current revenue. That doesn't count the initial investments made on R&D for the 360 or its predecessor. When you look at it from that perspective, "success" is much more difficult to claim. Comparatively speaking, Apple has done much better in consumer electronics. I won't make any judgement on leadership, and want to just point out this fact. A peer of Microsoft is succeeding very well in consumer electronics, meaning Microsoft could potentially as well and would become insanely successful (big profits beyond enterprise). Disclaimer: I work for Microsoft and so would love for them to realize that potential. I'm sure it is much more complicated than "replace CEO" to get there. Jobs sold his founder Apple stock in the 80s (except for exactly one share), and I don't think he ever amassed very much of it after he came back, definitely not enough to be considered a major holder. 7% of the market in China? I wish that were true! So what this means is that if you want to write Windows 8 desktop applications, you'll need to fork over $$$ for pro Visual Studio or not use Microsoft's IDE tool chain. I'm not sure what to think about this. We fly a lot more now than before deregulation, while many countries are just emerging with people who commonly commute via planes. I wouldn't be surprised if passenger miles from 1990 to 2010 were larger than 1900 to 1990. Flying used to be a high-class affair, now anyone can fly; not allowing smoking is probably a good thing in that context. At least, here in China, people are not careful in the way they smoke, and I wouldn't get on a plane that allowed smoking. Ever see a Starbucks trashcan go up in smoke after someone was told they couldn't smoke there? Its quite funny the first couple of times, but it gets old after that. I don't like the TSA's approach either, but this isn't a very good argument. They stopped disallowing lighters on flights for this reason; they don't want to care about the small threats and focus on finding...you know...terrorists. The change hasn't soaked in completely yet, but their is hope they'll do the right thing eventually. It would be fairly easy to put your fire out with a fire extinguisher. But I'd rather not fly with you anyways :) If the TSA allows lighters now, I imagine they also allow matches. This titling/tradition thing is really what distinguishes the old world (England) from the new world (America); we got rid of that baggage when we got off the Mayflower. But Ives deserved this if anyone did, congrats to him! In America, all we can offer him is some hero worship. It could be related to what he's working on and the tool chain he's using. If you venture out of the box, you can have a very different VS experience. I use C# + nothing else, so everything is very stable for me (occasionally I encounter bugs). Really, Eclipse is the same way (if you don't add any extra plugins, it works very very well!). Peter didn't say anything inaccurate as far as I can tell (I read the original MSDN post). He also laid out the history of VS Express very well. You can do serious development with Express, its actually a quite nice and small IDE, great for laptops with capacity issues. If you are doing C# programming on .NET, then really what else do you really need? This is not true, but I don't have the ability to downvote. You can define new class library projects in Express 2010, you can add it to other projects, you can do whatever. Honest question: how open is Android? I mean, when you consider Play. Can you write/submit an end-user programming app like Scratch? I know we can always dev-unlock the device and install anything we want, but what about the kid with an Android tablet who wants to start hacking? I'm worried about this move to walled gardens on all the platforms. The desktop is one of the last bastions of openness, but its not really evolving. Could we have cake (openness) and eat it to (app store where devs can make money, at least easily distribute their possibly creation-oriented apps)? VisualAge Smalltalk begot VisualAge Java which then became Eclipse, although over the transition some things changed a lot (more interop, no images). I think in turn IBM got VisualAge from their acquisition of OTI; Dave Thomas has the history, you could ask him if you ever attend OOPSLA . We can think of desktop modular PCs to small highly integrated ultra books: one allows me to buy my own graphics card, change the harddrive and RAM easily, add new cards, and interface with anything; the other provides some USB ports and calls it a day. A more integrated experience necessarily means less compatibility with external tools. This can be a big turn off if you need those tools, but it can be a better experience if you don't, so its a trade off. We got a lot of integrated functionality with a Smalltalk IDE and no support for external tooling, they didn't even support the file system and instead went with an integrated image; the experience was completely different than and even diametrically opposed to Emacs. Modern IDEs like Eclipse and Visual Studio make more compromises between the two extremes. I don't really disagree with your first two points. But mouse/menus has one important purpose: you don't have to remember a bazillion different key bindings to get work done. Ya, developers actually prefer that. Also, there should be some focus on the debugging experience, not just the editing experience, because we spend a lot of time there also. I think you are voicing an opinion and not facts. Emacs is the ultimate modular IDE, yet its not that popular! I was a big emacs fan in the past; but I've gotten used to graphical IDEs enough that I wouldn't consider going back. I'm sure many developers feel the same. Menus...you don't use them very often and I could imagine replacing that with an emacs like shell line with appropriate auto-completion for finding commands, but this would have its own usability problems. I think the Cloud9 team is getting this more right by simply being more minimal in their design. Now, whether developers would prefer a more integrated experience is either unknown or known to be false (wrt current technology). One of the reasons my version of the Scala IDE failed was that I was focusing too much on the editing experience whereas the community really wanted integration with every little dinky Java tool you could imagine. This is not useful. Great execution on a bad idea still results in a bad experience. Truly, you need both: great ideas and great execution, you can't just brush ideas off to 1% of the work and expect to win. The problem isn't really solved. There are things you can do with apps that you can't do in the web sandbox. Not everyone is re-implementing LinkedIn or Facebook. Many families have computing needs that are completely satisfied by an ipad, especially if they are in a lower income bracket (that are less likely to be doing PC-required tasks). They are still likely to get a cheap laptop since chatting is much easier with a real keyboard, but something like a Transformer begins to look very good. If you define China as 1st world... Apple is doing very well here (in China), even with its computers. It used to be Macbooks were rare, then they became fashionable but buyers would still put pirated XP on them. Today, most of those buyers are actually running OSX, they just got used to it through their iPhones/iPads. Other non-1st world countries I frequent seem very similar. This only applies to the middle class, of course, and most people in China are not middle class. At least the kids here aren't getting hooked on google docs like back in the states; the GFW takes care of that! If you are coding and not working with designers or using Blend, sticking with plain-old C# is better. WPF/WinRT/Silverlight are just great APIs, that they are somehow associated with XAML is orthogonal (my personal opinion, not speaking for my employer). This has always bothered me: I'm not the target user, but then who is? Some of the more unprofessional product managers can use this as a mantra when they really have no clue. On the other hand, when you include a designer in your product, you really have to let them do their job! Yes, feedback (external and internal) will be killer, but if they are good and know what they are doing, they won't let this sway them: they want to deliver a product that you will love, that you didn't know you wanted, and not necessarily what you asked for. Professional UX design with IDEs seems rather new (e.g., Cloud9), and developers are surprisingly a rather conservative lot. But if you want innovation from your IDE vendor, you should give them some room to experiment and possibly make mistakes. (disclaimer: MS employee, but not working on VS) This is very uninformed and related to a US-centric view of the world: there is plenty of ignorance and opinions to go around outside of the states. The issue is only so visible in the states because we are so divided, go to other countries outside of the 1st world/Europe and consensus is often toward creationism; there is not much controversy. Narco-subs are designed more for stealth than recreational diving (poor viewports, lots of cargo, old narco subs were just semi-submersible). Anyways, they cost about $2 million to build according to wiki, so they are sort of out of our price range. But you might be able to get a used one on the cheap from your coke dealer... For recreation, I think this wouldn't really beat just plain old snorkeling, or even scuba for the more involved. Its more like a rich-guy toy. Uhm, I couldn't find any 15" ultrabooks on their site, just a 14" one. Is that one of the tradeoffs you were talking about? Still a very nice machine! Does anyone remember Nissan's initial Infinity commercials? It was just scenery and nature; no car shown at all. Why is IE on that list? Is it substantially better than Chrome or Firefox as to be considered a must have app? You are correct about enterprise apps and (many) games. If you are a big gamer, there is not much point to get a mac. As far as I know, XNA is not moving to Metro Win8. But there are some alternatives (SharpDX, SlimDX). Most serious games are C++/DirectX anyways, so they should port over to Metro Win8 very easily (they won't have to use much WinRT). I'm not a web developer. Nor do I use Windows at home. I guess your point is that in the enterprise or web developer industry, you need Windows PC, I can totally believe that. Also, if you are an aggressive gamer, you will probably be more happy with a PC than a Mac. If you are outside of those areas, you'll probably be happy with a Mac or whatever else you want to use. If you are a consumer/non-gamer, then it doesn't really matter unless you are into Office; I mean, the must have apps are already on the web (facebook). Microsoft has been good at backporting their developer libraries? And we are talking about phone right? So...Windows Phone 7 (silverlight) to 8 (WinRT), or even from Windows Mobile 6.5 (WinForms, OpenGL) to Windows Phone 7 (Silverlight) . How much backporting was/is being done? Right, but the original topic was about phone and Microsoft's great back porting reputation just hasn't shown up there. There is something hard about the problem and none of the major players are taking that approach (Apple doesn't backport, just supports old hardware with new versions until it unsupports them). Downvote for disagreeing. Classy. I've been out for 7 years now (ended about the same time this guy started). I actually had some experience working at Dawson's bug finding startup a bit at the end, which was an interesting experience, but not what I was interested in, so I went to EPFL to work on Scala for my post doc. I can sympathize with the author's struggles! I'm only halfway through this, but everything is true, especially about research agendas and insider academic sub-communities. Ah, you MIT guys all know each other :) While you are at google, you might consider continuing to engage with the academic community to a limited extent. Onward! is very different with a new/improved community that is interested in bridging gaps between PL/HCI/systems and isn't so concerned about the publishing rat race. Different strokes for different folks. It takes a special kind of person to be a professor, but this doesn't have so much to do with aptitude. There are many ways to contribute to the world, getting a PhD is useful even if you are not dreaming of being a professor. Not at all, especially in systems. I guess my reply might have been ambiguous. Systems professors are generally especially pragmatic, mainly because of the maturity of the field and their culture (reflected in the high standards for top tier OSDI/SOSP papers). Mobisys and Mobicom are becoming more of a venue for the sensing community, which is relatively new and still dealing with technology that is a few years from being ready, so it makes sense that they are more on the interesting side. For systems work to be interesting, they go off and show how it can pragmatically improve your life (e.g., by finding lots of bugs in Linux). I'm not a systems researcher but I work in a systems research group (at MSRA) as a PL researcher, which is a very different community; we tend to be more designy. You could always attend a more relaxed PhD program outside of the first tier schools. These are still great schools and won't exactly be easier, but the pressure dynamics are a bit different and you'll have more time to experiment. I really enjoyed my PhD experience; I had time to explore who I was and was able to accomplish what I wanted to. It wasn't so much of as a useless grind as it was a journey to enlightment, but my experience is unique. These are only estimates from our intelligence community, but they are considered relatively reliable. China hasn't built up a massive nuke stockpile yet, and its probably not within their best interests to do so (expensive, increased tensions). They could not hope to match the US or Russia today, so why bother trying? China will continue to build up its conventional forces to project power in the region, that is probably more of a worry for the US than anything else. I disagree with your claim that bandwidth in 1st tier cities is anywhere as good as in the states. At work, at home, and in the cafe my internet is always slow, even when pinging local sites (Beijing). I'm always amazed when I go back to the states to visit and I can use...Netflix at my sister's place. Americans have bandwidth that we Beijingers can only dream of. True about IE and banks, but its easy enough to use IE when banking online and switch to whatever else you want. I don't know what the numbers really are; I suspect IE use is still high but might be lower in Beijing given all the Macbooks being used by the middle class. I've been an out American for 7 years now, first two in Switzerland, the last 5 in China. I still think America has a lot going for it. Switzerland is efficient and fair, but something is missing because of restrained competition and protectionism. China is the exact opposite, and its hard to believe the system works at all. For whatever troubles America has, our system still works and is rather effective; no one is really coddled and you have to work hard, but social mobility is still better in the US than anywhere else. There are people ignorant about the world in any country, I'm not sure why we always single out home bound Americans for being apathetic to world events. There is plenty of that to go around, even in Europe where people tend to travel more to other countries, but especially in China and even in Japan where people have many misconceptions about the rest of the world. There are no more superpowers, not when IEDs are easy enough to procure by anyone. Princelings are a big problem; I'm glad Bloomberg followed the trail on Xi Jinping (China's apparent next president). But really, the censors are way behind on this. All of the middle class knows this is how China works (political power = money) while the rural class doesn't care. So where do we go from here? Those in power hardly want to change a system that benefits themselves so greatly, and the system will continue to become more dynastic (certain families accumulating lots of power and wealth). Bloomberg is going to be out for awhile I guess. But check out the Streisand effect going on, the visibility that the meta story is getting is much more than the original got! I mostly go through immigration in SEA, and its kind of crowded but I usually get through before my bags arrive (as an American citizen). Portland is good also, although they used to have the nickname of Deportland for all the Japanese tourists that got sent back for sloppy paper work. The worst I've encountered so far is Gatwick in London for the terminal that handles Asian flights. 2+ hours in the queue waiting to get through immigration, torture! I'm sure the UK is worse than the US. Append https to the BBC article to read it behind the GFW. The https hack sometimes works when the government is blocking content on individual cites vs. complete sites. Or how Idaho is an algmation of LDS teetotalers, survivalist libertarians, and extremely liberal hippies! But even the different between Seattle and Spokane (Washington's first and second largest urban areas) is pretty extreme. My dad worked in nuclear, so I moved around a lot when I was a kid: Tricities Washington (sagebrush country), Toledo Ohio, Somewhere (Pennsville) New Jersey on the tristate border, Vicksburg Mississippi, and finally back to the PNW (Seattle). Actually, many Americans are fairly mobile, much more so than their European counterparts. Its not unusual to meet others like me who moved around a lot as kids (and are still moving, just not in the states anymore). General American ignorance is quite a myth, though I'm sure their are many stationary Americans, there are just as many Americans who've lived everywhere. I'm mixed about this. People are fairly comfortable in most developed countries, they are in some way too stable: oppurtunities are provided, for sure, but the urge for mobility is not as strong as in the states. The states is very different, however: oppurtunities are not as numerous (economically segrated educational system), but the drive is much stronger to take them when presented because it sucks at the bottom. Terrible connection in one location could just be a fluke, but in more than three locations? We've been thinking about upgrading our link, but many of our problems at home are that entire sites don't work, especially at night when internet use is very popular. China is still not as wired as the states, South Korea is much better and could be considered to excede the states, even countries like Thailand and Indonesia provide much better bandwidth when I visit (and no GFW to boot!). You mean the high-quality unbiased news we can get from CCTV? China has a fairly opaque government that is not very sensitive to public opinion (and especially international opinion); that they are often painted as the bad guy has nothing to do with bias. Just for the record, I'm not downvoting you (only have 200 karma points, can't downvote) and disagree that you need to be downvoted. The CCP is not sensitive to real public opinion since they censor/hide/or simply ignore facts. They are very much vested in shaping opinion, of course, but they care nothing about honest opinions. Consider that they don't even want to perform scientific polls (or have them performed by third parties), since they don't care about the results and would find them embarrassing regardless. That China is the bad guy has nothing to do with them being non-demecratic, and everything to do with just being overtly dishonest about world truth. If the CCP tomorrow started being honest about everything, good and bad, we would see them in a much more sympathetic light even as we contined to disagree with them and bad things continued to happen (we want clarity, not perfection). But the CCP contines to see face as being much more important to their continued existence than truth, and so I doubt this will end very soon. California has the US's strongest sactions against SLAPPs (strategic lawsuits against public participation). I'm sure this had something to do with dropping the suit, since it was brought up in Californian court. Its one thing to get your hand caught in the cookie jar, and another thing to claim the sky is hot pink when its really blue (or that the air is clean in Beijing when its obviously not). Certain parts of the US government lie, yes, but they get caught (and a handslap), don't do it all the time, and don't come off as insane. But the article wasn't biased, it was talking about a company who broke the law of the country they were operating in, it wasn't talking about so much the "evil" Chinese government as much as it was talking about the "evil" American company breaking American laws that just happen to export restrictions to China. It could have been export restrictions to France and they would still be breaking the law. Chinese get sensitive about any article that mentions China, whether they make value judgements about the Chinese or not. I've seen even the most fact-based empirically-evidenced articles posted from the most reputable unbiased international news agencies get shot down by wu mao dang commentors as being unfair.