I didn't read the article, but did read a book about twenty five years ago. My take away was that the big deal with genetic algorithms is they work without much/any domain specific knowledge. That is one of the great underpinning of biological evolution. However the European monetary union isn't a union like you see in the US or other huge countries. In the US we have probably 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. Automatic stabilizers like social security and unemployment insurance, etc. And then we have a true central banking system Bank in Florida goes under, it's not Florida's problem it's the Federal Reserves problem. If a state isn't able to use currency exchange rates to control in flow and out flow of money then you need these types of things to keep the system stable. Europe doesn't. So you are indeed right about not being able to pick and choose. You can't take control of a counties currency away from them without guaranteeing that the central bank and government will have their back economically. In c often I use underscores to deal with lack of name spaces and or classes. As in Module_FunctionName() I think my point is dereferencing a pointer address zero is 'undefined' but here is the rub, what happens is entirely out of the optimizer and compilers control because it depends on the context that the program is run under. One can't determine at compile time what will happen. In fact the compiler can't make any assumptions about a pointer whose value has been hard coded. uint8_t b = (uint8_t ) 0x30; // 0x30 is the address of PORT D on an AVR Atmega8 It's up to the author to show us this mythical compiler. I read a really good comment by I think Nolan Bushnell about engineers. He said said he got asked all the time about how to avoid hiring unproductive engineers. And he said he found that baffling. Because an unproductive engineer just costs the company their salary. More important is ferreting out and eliminating negatively productive managers, engineers, and technicians in that order. Algorithms? Why would you care if a programmer knows the details unless that's the job. More important is how they approach and attack a problem. Sometimes a half broken shell script is fine. Or leveraging a database because even though slow an inefficient it will do it right. Half the secret to success is... Um.. seriously just watch this video and you'll know it's truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5LiQcY0bqk Listen, and understand! That Ellisonator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you give it money. If the wind decided to blow to the south instead of the normal westerly, Tokyo would be uninhabitable. Also same subduction fault that the earthquake was on runs down the coast off shore of Tokyo. Seriously the only thing that save the Japaneses butts was the wind blew most of the radiation offshore. I call those tests the airplane test. say you need to hire an airplane designer and you know d*ck all about aircraft design. You have two candidates both that tell you they have a new design being flow this week. So you go and watch, Candidate A's aircraft trundles down the runway and then crashes and burns. Candidate B's takes to the air and then lands. Candidate A could be a smooth talker and Candidate B could sound like a stuttering loon but B is the choice. Yeah but that doesn't explain the decline in forcible rape in the US from 1970 to present. I'm remembering at least some versions of basic were pass by reference for all types. I've done some stuff in .net. One of the advantages is the learning curve is pretty fast. So it's not a huge investment. The flip side is it seems a lot of .net jobs are sausage making. Not very much in the way of cutting edge or exciting stuff gets done in .net. Though too cutting edge often is crash and burn, where run of the mill projects can last years and years. (Don't knock a steady paycheck) I would say two months straight of serious study and practice would be more than enough to solidly know your way around the language, .net libraries and tools. Buy a good book. I don't actually do client side (or server side stuff) as primary work. However .net is very useful for kicking out simple GUI based tools. If you want to do that, .net has the fastest learning curve end of story. One of the things I noticed in school and later working is a lot of people excel when the problem is spoon fed to them. When the constraints and and desired answer are very mechanical. As it gets fuzzier, a lot of people even 'smart' people start having real issues. And you see the usual cognitive blockers kick in. 'frustration, fear, anger' Meaning, the usual academic problem where you are given the inputs, and only the inputs you need, and a desired solution, doesn't actually match up that well with real world problems. The other thing I've seen is a _lot_ of formally trained engineers are motivated by puzzles. Once they've solved it, all the other things that apply to the real world, like deadlines, shipping projects, making customers happy, and making money for the company are not the least amount interesting to them. And those schools are nothing but quantity theory of money cargo cultists or worse, gold bugs. That problem with you, is your so reflexively focused on government debt that you can't get your head around the fact that most of the Southern countries in trouble DIDN'T HAVE LARGE GOVERNMENT DEFICITS. They had large and growing public debt most of it related to borrowing to buy private assets. And unsupportable wage inflation. Go look it up, the governments of Italy, Spain, etc except for Greece weren't borrowing beyond their means. What they were suffering from was out of control inflows of cash. Inflows of cash in a country with it's own currency tends to be self limiting, because as money flows in the exchange rate adjusts making investments less attractive. (A country with a well run central bank will actively adjust the exchange rate to prevent the inevitable panic and flight that happens at the end of a bubble, or you have a bubble and it sucks for a while) Part of the problem with the Euro is weaker member countries can't control the flow of capital into and out of the country. Yet they are on the hook for the mal effects that result. This is wrong. There is actually an acceptable number of hours, it's somewhere near the number of hours you can work without burning out. For me that is about 5-7 hours a day. Two things I remember, one was an old guy talking about working in a windshield factory, where they made windshields for cars. They had a line. While he was working their they sped it up by 25% and management was happy happy joy joy. The workers were getting run ragged though and after a few weeks the defect rate started creeping up. After a few months the defect rate was so high that they were producing less finished product than when the line speed was slower. Took another year for the plant manager to get fired and bring in a guy who turned the line speed back down. The other is the first place I worked their were two younger coders and they were being flogged to work 9-10 hours days, basically being given unreasonable deadlines. After a few years they burned out and the company fired them. Twenty years later both of them are still damaged. I did some of the same, hurt my wrist, which is still a little messed up. After that I decided I didn't care I was going to work as much as I though possible and that's that. You only have so many hours a day. Instead of using yourself up, concentrate really hard on not wasting your time. Me, I've never been fired for not working enough hours. Not a game programmer but, impression I get is a number of games use interpreted languages as glue. Certainly sound to me like thee is a dichotomy between must run fast at all costs, and must be flexible speed matters not at all. I think game programming is an area where a high percentage of the code base needs to run fast, even if it's not run very often. If it causes the frame rate to slip, the user is going to notice. In my case, embedded, optimizing for size is everything. And usually only a very small portion of the code needs to run fast. One problem that people are running into with optimizing compilers is with embedded often you are interested in the physical side effects of your code, not it's mathematical end state. Optimizing compilers are increasing not respecting the former in preference to the latter. That reminds me of a window forms program I wrote for a customer, I added the ability to do a right click, add comment to pretty much anything on the forms and controls. Getting that input simplified a lot of things. For one the context of what the user was complaining about was usually utterly obvious. Sometimes a comment was a bug report. Or a feature request. Or just fixing my poorly written help docs. An of course plain C does not have 'objects' and a _lot_ of architectures have stuff mapped at address 0x0 Oddly enough I'm looking at the source for a command line tool, written in C# that runs under windows, but I need it to run under linux. I have to say, the two best things that happened to language design in the last fifteen years was. 1. Sun sued Microsoft for trying to improve Java. And so Gates went out and hired the guy that designed Turbo Pascal and Delphi to head up C# development. Because of course java and it's libraries are completely unsuitable for desktop development. 2. Oracle bought Sun and suddenly every company that absolutely cannot tolerate being Larry Ellison's b.. started investing in in-house programing languages. All those big companies have spent oodles of money on making sure Larry can't drink their milkshake. NAnyway as a sometime C#/.net code slopper I welcome Microsoft tossing their hat in ring. Seriously Linux and iOS seriously needs these tools. Where I get twitchy is the practice of coding has changed a lot since Knuth made that quote. Optimizing code in that era typically made it brittle and hard to reason about. Pre-optimizing meant continuously painting yourself in a corner. I used to think about it as like a seamstress sewing a dress, she doesn't start out sewing nice neat tight stitches, that's for later. Once she knows she's not going to have to rip the seams apart again. Some optimizations don't matter anymore. Back in the hoary old days pointers in C were faster than indexed arrays. Not anymore. But people still assume it's worth it. Twenty years ago, you paid a serious price for unaligned accesses. Not any more. Yet compilers still rigorously align data in memory. Which might actually make things slower. As the follow on poster said, make the code clean and easy to reason about. People often like to think they are writing code like the big boys, where it'll get used by vast number of people. Much like a lot of hardware designers design stuff as if they are going to make millions of units. 99% of the time that's not true. Thus the NRE costs totally dominate. The deal is the people chartered with the task of providing an accurate timebase are failing to do so because they are adding and subtracting arbitrary units of time. So if you actually need a monotonic timebase, you can't get it without having a human diligently subtracting leap seconds at random times. The proper thing to do is to generate a proper monotonic timebase and then publish a separate offset with microsecond or better resolution. Thus people that need monotonic time are happy and people that want to set the wall clocks are happy. Also seriously, leap seconds suck as an offset because a second is a huge amount of time for many applications. This is good dating advice too. First comment about employers treating a coworker badly. It's a good general rule, if someone does something nasty to someone else, stick around and they'll do it to you too. My simplistic take away is it's an answer to this question about algorithms. For a problem you can have a number of different algorithms to solve the problem. And a number of algorithms to check the solution to a problem. This is a point that is skipped over and trips lay people up because in school people are usually taught _the algorithm_ for solving a problem. But there are all sorts of ways to skin the cat mathematically. Some of these algorithms are great and some are 'bad' Polynomial time algorithms are good. Ones that blow up exponentially are bad. The question is, if you find a good polynomial time checking algorithm for a problem, does that mean there are polynomial time solving algorithms for that problem? Or not. Just wanted to add, out of my butt I think the point not explicitly stated is, if you can prove P=NP then I think it means that you can also mechanically transform polynomial checking algorithms into polynomial time solving algorithms. I worked at minor start-up once. They actually had not very much money* and I needed work badly. The contract was explicit that I was being paid a percentage of my hourly rate with a hard promise to pay the rest in monthly installments the second year. The advantage of this is once the 'teaser rate' expires you aren't 'negotiating a raise' to get you back to market rates. * As opposed to no money, aka the types of companies where the real profit is in the difference between what they pay their employees and the market rate. You can try bing maps. I'm basically done with google maps for good. My impression is it's no long a map service but show me the nearest Chili's Grill & Bar on my smart phone service. I got that feeling again when I was trying to learn 6502 assembly. Amusingly at least in gcc #\\ this appears legal In the past I've wanted a tool like that, but now I've come around to the idea that I want an editor that will display the code the way I'm used to however it's formatted. Lining up the equals signs would be a good candidate for an display formatting plugin. One the other hand when I've raised that idea with programmer friends of mine you can see the hair stand up on the back of their necks. People seem to really hate the idea that the editor might show you seaMonkey(do) instead of sea_monkey(do) So meaning, oh yes please drop support for 32bit, please!!!! The Wikipedia mentions 1 milibar (1/1000 of atm). From a structural standpoint that's a complete vacuum. Makes sense if you're Musk and want to jot down to Santa Monica to see your mistress Friday evening. (Come on seriously this is what this is all about, you know it, I know it) Not so good if you want to commute to your worker bee cubical job Monday morning. That in line with my long held and unpopular thought that really our bodies are rife with mutated and somewhat broken colonies of cells. The idea that you have a slow build up of mutations which finally runaway once the tumor has gotten large is probably just one scenario and perhaps much less common than people want to believe. Very possible you have a the right mutation in a microscopic colony of abnormal cells, and it'll start metastasizing right away. Other cells, will maybe form non-invasive and often self-limiting tumors. And yeah, thyroid cancer and prostate cancers are way way over diagnosed and over treated to no positive effect. I think seriously the intrinsic thing is that the language itself doesn't marshal (right word, not sure) anything that's particularly fat. The classic is if allocating memory require dealing with a general purpose garbage collector. If that's the case you're pretty much dead as far as systems stuff goes because now you can't predict how long anything will take to run. And the minimal libraries usually need to be light weight as well. Or at least such that you can strip out what's not wanted. Here again garbage collection becomes an issue. If the language supports it natively then it's going to be impossible in practice to prevent the libraries from using it for something unexpected. The last bit is escape. There are always some cases where the language doesn't have the ability to implement a critical bit of stuff and you need a way to seamlessly mess with that something. In simple you need to be able to insert a bit of arbitrary code and have it work properly. I think one uses goto's for two sometimes three reasons. 1. Sometimes one feels the need to abuse exceptions. But C doesn't have exceptions. So one abuses the old goto instead. 2. Sometimes the code is far more readable if you use a goto to short circuit a complex block of code. Which will become insufferably more complicated if it has to say keep track of a trivial case. if(this and not trivial case) else this and not trivial. if(case a and not trivial case) else {if not trivial case) 3. You can use long jumps to do exception handling stuff. I've never had to actually do this. One comment. I remember trying to read ancient code that abused goto's mostly because the programmer was desperately trying to fit everything into 4k of prom in languages that didn't support structured code. That was the kind of stuff Dijkstra was bitching about, not uses 1, 2, and 3. And actually since C has always had modern control structures goto just is not abused much in practice. Probably the opposite. Side note. int my_var = 3; my_var = "abc"; Just usually generates a warning when compiled. If run my_var will usually get loaded with the address of "abc". If you follow it with the statement printf("my_var=%s\n", my_var); // this will throw a warning It'll print 'my_var=abc' You have a couple of options with make under windows. There are native versions of make. Where you are using dos shell commands to do stuff. MinGW provides Posix compatible native commands. (you can use ls, cat, etc commands). You can use msys which gives you a Posix compatible build env. Finally something like Cigwin provides both a Posix compatible build env and Posix compatible runtime as well. When I was shooting bows, if you did things properly, you wouldn't hit your forearm. The problem is if you blow chow and don't notch the arrow properly. Or the notch blows out. Or the arrow shatters when you let loose. Then the string will hit your arm. I got hit once with a 35lb bow. I don't want to get bit by a 60-70 lb bow string nohow no way. Depends on where you are in your career. If you're young and fresh getting entry level jobs then yeah. Older with more experience, networking is everything. One will find it increasingly difficult to find jobs via cold calling. Even if you are, and especially if you are rolling around hopping jobs inside a large corporation networking will be everything. BTW: A lot of companies try and work things to keep their employees from interacting outside of narrowly defined corporate controlled channels. Don't let them do that to you. The reason generally given is that in at least standard cars the brakes can apply far more torque than the engine can. It's telling how naive people are, they think the problem is 'unintended acceleration' A mechanical engineer thinks the problem describe is 'unintended brake failure' I think there is a tendency to think of fuel rods as a problem rather than the solution to a problem, which is raw spent fuel is nasty. The cheapest and easiest way to deal with spent fuel is to store it for decades while the worst of the radio-isotopes decay. Fuel rod technology allows you to do that, a molten salt design doesn't. I'm okay with this argument but is seems to bother people that you can't recover spent fuel now rather than waiting 25 years so they cast about for solutions to what is really a psychological annoyance . See the quest for reusable launch systems like the space shuttle. The only thing that went right with Fukushima was the wind blew the radio isotopes over the pacific (mostly) and the rest of the stuff that leaked out went into the ocean. People would be singing a different tune if the wind blew all that stuff on shore. Quite a number of nuclear plants are located in places not so fortunate. For instance consider the location of three mile island, located well inland on the Susquehanna River. If you had a containment loss at three mile island, it'd be a big big mess. People say these plants are all safe, and newer plants are safer, but the near catastrophic failures don't give one a warm feeling. The one that stands out to me was pin hole corrosion through the cladding on the top of a reactor vessel. That lead to a large cavity corroding unnoticed in the mild steel. Which which was discovered when someone noticed an odd budge in the top. if that had failed, you would have had total loss of cooling and a melt down. The classic example is Navier–Stokes equations of viscous fluid flow. True story, one of my college professors handed out a homework assignment that no one could solve. Far as I could tell the boundary conditions described journal bearing that wasn't stable. Such things exist. I think other very hard to deal with are equations where the solution diverges exponentially due to small changes in boundary conditions. Orbital mechanics is like that. Not sure but I can see a situation where the set of equations that describe the solution form a series that never converges to a regular pattern. (irrational series? as irrational numbers but with equations) I think quantum mechanics is like that (Don't quote me) My gut feeling about Aluminum foil is that because of the hard oxide coating it's difficult to get two pieces to make a continuous electrical connection along any length of it. And you can't solder to it. My suggestion is to use copper tape or thin tinned copper sheet instead. My other suggestion if hand prototyping is to use vector board with top and bottom ground planes. Note a lot of vector board designs are total crap. Either no ground plane or has 'power buses' The buses are horrible for grounding. The reason is you want the return current in any signal to travel in a ground plane under the wire. with a 'bus' the return current runs off down the bus creating a large loop. Loops are bad, any magnetic or electrical field that the crosses the loop will induce noise. What struck me is it looks seriously like Hungarian notation applied to function naming. It's not just CS, but probably more common with CS. There are two kinds of engineers. 1. Those that love love love solving Puzzles. 2. Those that question whether solving this or that puzzle is going to bring in any money for the company. For a places like google or deranged YC startups, whether what you are assigned has any bearing on cash flow is something way above the typical engineers paygrade. There are a lot of companies where that isn't true. BTW: Bit of advice for anyone going into a technical fields. Learn to write, English . Learn it well. How to clearly explain idea's and requirements. How things work, how they are broken. Justify what you did, or cover your butt. Where you are in twenty years will depend mostly on this. Learn to speak fluently in front of a group of people. Or whatever the locally appropriate language is. Pedro comacho The former informer of the secret police Is still standing outside the club Pretending to be blind He watches the last plane to miami Disappearing in a flaming purple sky Now he knows He has been left behind For those that missed the last plane to Miami (meaning all of you), the author was bitching that the rule in programming 'functions should be short, one page, etc' is as wrong as the rule that in writing sentences should be short. Congratulations for reading the article and exacting content. I think the meta observation is there are rules imposed on students to prevent them from developing bad habits. But these aren't hard rules in practice. Same applies to code slopping. Bruce wrote the article, Wire put the bunk UK propaganda click bait headline on it. Wired is dirty. I always had this feeling that with one based indexing, 70s era compilers ended up subtracting one from the index. For each and every element access made. Because memory decoding circuits don't start at one, they 'start' with 0000...000. Course it would be possible to just waste the first element, but 70's era memory... Waste a 16 bit word here, and there and suddenly you're talking real money. I watches a few videos by Robert Lustig at UCSF. My take away is healthwise a can of Coke == one shot of booze. Partly because the fructose in HFCS and or table sugar shares the same metabolic pathway in the liver as ethanol. People that eat a lot of sugar tend to develop non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. 24 grams HFCS is 14 grams fructose. A shot of 40 proof booze is 14 of grams ethanol. Also the slug of glucose in a can of Coke spikes your blood sugar, which spikes your insulin levels. This is also not good. Take away from that eat complex carbs. Difficulty a lot of 'health food' contains processed carbs. My gut unsupported feeling is, people living sedentary lifestyles, which is most people, don't require much in the way of carbohydrates. The step function is about techniques for analyzing discontinuous functions. You can create discontinuous functions by multiplying a normal continuous function by the unit step function. Which was at the time a new thing. It took the mathematical community a long time to get comfortable the techniques. Indeed if you take college math they call it the 'unit step function' in order to avoid referring to it as the Heaviside equation, which is what it's called if you take engineering math. Constants, reciprocals, parabolas have been known since the time of the ancient Greeks or earlier. Classically they are called Conic Sections. There are other types functions that are named after people. Taylor Series and Bessel Functions come to mind (after Brook Taylor and Friedrich Bessel). There are more of course. Problem with rewrites is there is the terrible gap that opens up between the old stuff which goes stale quickly, and the new stuff which isn't ready for prime time. Cash-flow then dries up right as the amount of work needed is maximal. Death follows quickly. Here they did not rewrite from scratch they developed a bridge that allowed them to keep moving forward as the world that the old software was based on disappeared. And now they are on the other side with a code-base that works and has been providing cash-flow the whole time. I disagree R&D is usually a faction of the cost needed to go into production. The large the number of units, the greater that ratio is. For mass produced products it can be 10:1. Consider if you're going to ship 10,000 of something that costs $25 to produce. You need a $250,000 just for inventory. You need a way to assemble, test, and ship the product. Deal with 10,000 customers. Designing the production flow, jigs and fixtures, quality control, training up people, all requires money and engineering time. The business and sales side of things requires time and money. I've seen numbers of products stall out because the developers fail to get enough funding to go into production. Also in a lot of cases markets move slowly. You can introduce a product and the buyers will just nibble for the first year or two if you're not an established name. Your company has to be able to keep the lights on during that time. Well it's nice to see the cancer that is eclipse being 86's from one platform at least. Not really because there are two kinds of c programer out there. 1. Those that communicate with the outside world exclusively via library calls to an operating system. 2. Those that do not. People that live in world #1, usually don't get people living in world #2. Example. // wait for write ready while((spi.S & SPI_S_SPTEF_MASK) == 0) ; spi.D; spi.D = data; Guess what, No spi.D; is actually important. No just because the program never writes to spi.S does not mean you can delete the while loop. No you cannot reorder any of this and have it work. Sort of the point is, in pure languages only the symbolic operations are important. And the side effects (memory operations) are unimportant and beyond the control of the programmer. So you can do all sorts of transformation on the code without effecting the end result. C is definitely impure. There is a large set usage cases where the memory layouts are important. Where the orders of operation and memory accesses are important. What I worry about is when the optimizer is allowed to make assumptions about undefined behavior, that may be actually important on certain targets. Consider referencing a null pointer. Winows7, Linux, in user land if you do that and you'll get a seg fault. And if the default handler runs your program dies. The ARM cortex processor I've been slopping code for, reading a null pointer returns the initial stack pointer. Writing generates a bus fault. Since I actually trap that, and error message gets written into non-initialize memory and then the processor gets forcibly reset. On an AVR reading a null pointer gives you the programs entry point. Writing to that location typically does nothing. Though you can write to it if running out of a special 'boot sector' and you've done some magic incantations. So that's the problem I have with the idea that 'undefined means the optimizer can make hash of your program' instead of trusting the back end of the compiler will do something target appropriate. I think these sensors implement n color vision, working a lot like the ear does. Instead of just detecting three colors you detect hundreds of colors. With each dot tuned to a fairly narrow band of light you get good selectivity. What I wish, I wish there was a flag in unicode to declare characters as 'unsafe user input' so that system utilizes and databases can recognize unsafe user input and barf on it. I find myself often having the issue where the code digging through what can and often is, garbage. At some point you find it's pointless to continue. You are done. Fin. Goto error; in that case makes absolutely perfect sense. Two things about goto and jmp instructions. Most people have no idea how badly they were abused back in old days. For instance to jump into the middle of a subroutine. Yay just saved 9!!! words of core memory!!! And most people forget that old computer scientists were obsessed with creating grammars that you could write formal proofs for. You can if your encoding is explicit about what's in band and out of band. I get the feeling you've never written a protocol ever. >The EU was never to be a transfer union, this setup was required to get the large economic countries to accept the weaker countries being admitted. Not compensating economically weaker countries in a currency union is completely unjust and immoral. Weaker countries give up the ability to control exchange rates. And they have to deal with trading in stronger currency than they would if they were going it alone. This makes their exports relatively unattractive. > The IMF is pulling back because they were overly generous giving the Greek government far more support that rules generally permitted. I think the IMF is pulling back because they can't stomach this crap anymore. > Greece has the highest military spending vs GDP of any NATO nation second to the US. Right so French and German defense contractors bribed previous Greek politicians to buy weapons systems on credit. And the ECB etc are dead set that that part of the Greek budget continue as usual. Right. I now understand that your point here is to be insulting. I think hysteria would be warranted if the Chinese government were to take a Schumpeter/Hayek/Mellon liquidationist response to the collapse of the market bubble (see the US/Europe circa 1929). Why yes then you would have contagion spreading out into the real economy and a long depression. I'm thinking not. Instead I the Chinese central bank will inject liquidity again, much to the horror of the WSJ Editorial board who will again sternly warn that such actions, mark their words! come to an bad end! snort That's all nice and stuff, but in 2010 Gov. Chris Christie killed an approved project to build those tunnels. Now they are now 'back of the line' so to speak. Funding for a do over won't be available until ~2030. I've been using a debugger based on the USBDM project. http://usbdm.sourceforge.net/ Same performance as PEMicro's $300 Multilink + $200 GDB Server. And no restriction on using them for production. Been thinking of open sourcing the board I designed. The only real issue is, needing $1500 to pass FCC licensing since it's designed to fit in a case. On 8 bit machines it's the reverse, an int being 16 bits minimum requires more operations to handle than an 8 bit number. Pass an 'int' push two things on the stack. Etc. Causes your code size to balloon noticeably. One the way to reading about something else, I read an essay by a language developer complaining about type erasure. In functional languages. In short, when you get to the point in implementing a language where you can do type erasure, you're golden because it usually means you have things nailed down. Unfortunately then people actually implement type erasure and now there is no way to link data structures in memory with a piece of code at run time. Or at least very easily. As an example C/C++ does erase type information. There often being nothing that tells you what an object in memory is. But compilers take great pains to preserve that information in the generated output formats. Which allow you to write debuggers. I'm sure languages like Java and .net do the same. I did a little mucking on some AVR code of mine. Sometimes going from an uint8_t to a uint16_t saves a couple of bytes Sometimes adds a dozen. One case changing an index in a for loop to an int, code went from 34024 bytes to 34018 (saved four bytes). But changing uint8_t i, j, k; to uint16_t i, j, k; code compiled to 34068 bytes, gain of 44 bytes. Transistors don't fail for the same reason the 70 year old wires in my house don't fail. The electrons flowing through the transistors doesn't disturb the molecular structure of the doped silicon. What's wrong about it? Transistors don't work by electromigration. He said transistors, not IC's. And electromigration is a problem with metal interconnects at high current densities. So you talking solemnly about a failure type that can occur with on some integrated circuits under some conditions, or when the designers screwed up. But which doesn't actually happen much in practice. The persons actually question is roughly why do transistors last so long compared to other types of mechanisms. No one in the comments made an attempt to answer that, at all. I'm totally with this, the idea that no market for 'excess' electric will appear doesn't pass the sniff test. A paper I read discussed a pilot plant in the 50's that produced iron from sulfide ores. Certainly sounds like a process that can consume excess power without much trouble provided that situation happens frequently enough. http://www.ulcos.org/en/docs/Ref03%20-%20Electrowinning%20-%... 'High purity iron was produced, with a current yield of 85% and a power consumption of 4.25 kWh/kg iron' Far as I can tell, 1 GW for an hour would produce ~250 tons of iron. I'm not sure how... pass it around is 'better' than global scope. Meaning not sure what problems you're avoiding here. If the scope is a single thread, no problem . If it's accessed from multiple threads, you have problems whether it's a global, singleton, or passed by reference. Not actually completely true, you can still have races in single threaded code. Consider two state variables that are effected by a shared variable. Not hard to have the two state variables in disagreement over the shape of the world. Actually I do live in SF. If you put a million dollar note on a house you are the mother of all house poor. One point I make is the Tesla is luxo-sport car. Costs a lot new like any other sporty car. So the cost of a new Tesla vs a used gasoline power car isn't really a fair comparison. Looking on Craigslist, you can get a used Nissan Leaf $10k, cost per mile is $0.035. One can run numbers but the cost of ownership is probably $300/mo. Problematical in places like SF is the lack of parking and thus lack of charging. Though large numbers of people do have or rent garages. In Suburbs a problem can be many people have long commutes that exceed the range of an electric car. Interestingly a friend just threw down for one of those million dollar homes in SF and is considering an electric car to avoid having to ride the google bus. I'll be interested in how it works our for him. I do have another friend that lives in Oakland, he has a leaf seems to like it. Then again with C99 you do have stdint.h which gives you defined width types as well as minimum width types. And others. Unless I misremember, thrust is proportional to exhaust velocity. Energy is proportional to the square of the velocity. The big advantage of air breathing engines is the ability to use air as the reaction mass. IE, take a huge amount of air, and accelerate it a small amount to produce thrust. Which is why propeller driven aircraft are still 'a thing' and you see turbofan engines with ever higher bypass ratio's. (modern designs are 10:1, 10kg of air flow through the fan fro every 1kg of air through the engine) I just have a small comment about the difference between professionals that went into the profession via the front door, college, certs, etc. And those the went into though the back door, learned on their own because someone somehow decided to pay them. Generally the latter are people that get some satisfaction out of the trade. But there a lot of professionals that went to school to become X and found they hated it once they got out. Yet they owe all this money, and they can't see any other way to earn the money they are used to. These people are usually very unhappy people. The others that are generally happy with what they do, and aren't the type of people that like playing power and status games with what they see as the lesser races of programmer. To the point, if you find a career you like, that's like hitting a home run in life. Letting unhappy people convince you to give that up is really terrible. What I find is no one wants to talk about how pernicious hand guns are. Conservatives think limits on the type of weapon one owns is a impingement on their freedoms. And the Supreme court agrees. So I guess that's out. But somehow limits on the play-doh manly play time 'assault rifles' isn't. The whole issue in the united states is hopeless until the current supreme court and older voters die off. I've heard other somewhat contrary things, one is the birthrate started falling well before the '29 crash indicating that working class and especially farming communities were actually not doing well economically. You can look up graphs if you want, but the birthrate drops relentlessly from 3.2 in 1920, to 2.2 by 1930. As the economy improves post 1935 the rate picks up again. My take on recessions and debt is to consider that when an entity (family, business, etc) pays off debt they are foregoing some consumption. Key thing. Now in normal times foregoing of consumption frees up economic output that is invested in the real economy. As I pay off my mortgage, the bank reinvests that money in building more houses. A virtuous cycle, depending how much you like concrete, sprawl and freeways. In a debt driven recession there is a problem, the economy isn't limited by available production. There is a lack of demand. Because as people frantically pay of debt they are foregoing consumption that doesn't free up more physical or labor resources for investment. It just creates a lack of demand. The money instead goes to correct balance sheets which is something that exists on paper (or in modern times le computer machine). That's the situation many parts of the developed world are in today. The solution is for the government to step in an manually rebalance consumer and commercial balance sheets. A political problem exists when the people in charge can't let go of the 'paper wealth'. And that's the current issue. I think you're not really reading for content. Which is common with this issue. Any argument that isn't part of the standard propaganda is usually misread or ignored. The point about assault rifles is that it's deranged that the Supreme court sees fit to allow states to ban what are essentially light weight rifles with various doodads and decorations. Weird considering riffles of all types aren't much of a public hazard. Then turns around and rules that states can't ban handguns. Despite which because they can be easily concealed and are often used for street crime are a public hazard. (Absolutely no question). The traditional way a state defaults is when their debts are in a currency they have to exchange with their own currency on the open market. Vs their own which they can create via central bank actions. In the former a self-sustaining collapse in exchange rates makes it impossible for the state to buy enough foreign currency to make their debt payments. In the former case, default happens, see Argentina in 2001 or so. In the latter this doesn't happen, see Japan 1989-present. In the US, all of Federal and state governments debt is denominated in dollars. Varying exchange rates don't effect the ability of the government to pay debt. And the government can borrow money from the Fed, because it can. Couple of things 1. In the US, states aren't responsible for bailing out banks the Federal Reserve is. You don't see things like Ireland having to bail out a bunch of insolvent international banks. 2. In the US you see about 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. I've come to believe that these are essentially compensation paid to states with weaker economies to compensate them for having to do business in dollars. 3. Social Security and unemployment insurance are Federal not, not state programs. And exception is state pensions, where there are indeed problems. 4. Most states are limited in the ways they can borrow money and don't run deficits that are large percentages of GDP. 5. Politically there is a difference. With Greece when I talk to Europeans there is this a reflexive desire to impose collective punishment on the Greeks. You just don't see that in the US. I think that frees US policy makers to take practical measures that aren't available to the Europeans. Consider Puerto Rica, about 40% of the population of Greece, half the total debt. Just said, they're broke. As an American... oh well sucks to be a creditor. But the Federal Reserve isn't going to cut off banking in Puerto Rico and force them to do a fire sale of civil assets like the EBC. SS in the us is funded via a Federal tax on wages. Rules are uniform over the entire country. Also Social Security Disability Insurance covers disabled people, and it too is a Federal not state program. Unemployment insurance is a Federally mandated program that's administrated by the states. In 2009 California's unemployment fund was depleted and the Feds just loaned California money. Currently our fund is in the red by 8 billion. Does anyone care? No. I like that they were playing Patsy Cline on the tape deck. That's an interesting idea, replace the burners in a scam jet with a electo-magnetic plasma doohickey. Basically an electric ram-jet. Edit: My dad mentioned in school doing some scut work for a group designing an external combustion engine. Use the shock waves off the body to compress air, add fuel, zoom. Not sure if you could make that work with with an external heat source. Side note: My understanding why people want to use hydrogen is it's a light particle, making it easy to accelerate it to high speeds. The higher exhaust velocity the better the ratio of payload to fuel becomes. I've rolled this around a bit and have come down on the side that there are two factors at work. 1. Just plain Microsoft Hate. Couple of times someones asked me about what language to use for some GUI that messes with a database and does some other thing, running on Windows and 'maybe Linux' I tell them that C#/.net was made for that kind of thing. And they recoil in horror as if they just realized that I'm Satan. Then they go off and mess around with QT/C++ for a week before giving up. 2. C# has good inter-op with C/C++ libraries. So if there is an open source widget in C/C++ you need you can usually just build it as a dll with some wrapper magic and reference those in your project. I'm coming down on the side that oil's long term value is almost wholly based on potential substitution costs and it's current role in the economy. Meaning the value of money and oil are strongly linked. If the price of oil spikes for too long you get a recession and demand falls and the price of oil falls with it. And you can get price spikes/crashes because in the short term demand is inelastic. But long term, it isn't going up forever. But price spike/crash is something to pay attention too, in any field. Absent graft no one make bank on anything for too long. Not to mention margin decreases linearly not as a percentage. So those 1000 $0.10 margin customers can easily turn into -$0.50 margin customers. I always answer 'have you considered how expensive the batteries will be to replace' with have you ever had to pay to have an automatic transmission replaced? Not cheap! A blown head gasket is also not cheap either. The 900MHz band is great if you can use it, since for the same power 900MHz goes substantially farther than 2.4 or worse 5GHz. The old inverse square law is 'in a vacuum' Once you your signal is going through air, drywall, masonry, or my favorite steel re-enforced concrete, you're looking at exponents of 2.5 (just air) to 3.5 or worse. This only get more sad the high frequency you go. I have a standard answer to planned obsolescence. It has a salt water economics spin on it, though those guys would hate this argument. If you have a product with an active resale market. Any product with a noted higher quality will sell for a premium. At first you think that this is a boon to the seller. But the manufacturer can turn around and demand a premium. So what happens is, the manufacture gets to pull forward the secondary sale. If a use car sells for a $2000 premium on the used market, the manufacturer can probably charge $2000 more. And he gets to book that today, not five years from now when the first buy sells it. There is a dismal reverse of this, if your product goes bad like yesterdays fish, the customer is going to demand and get a discount. This interacts with the cost value curve for given products, meaning after a while you're just throwing money away trying to make the product 'better'. Similarly, not spending enough money results in an way crappier product than the cost of materials and labor would suggest. The upshot is car brands like Toyota are on the premium side of the curve and it's not too hard for them to stay there. Chrysler is on the other side of the curve and is economically trapped. I found the lectures by Robert Lustig to be very convincing. I spent a couple of hours listening and trying as best I could be verify the biological pathways referenced, it all checked out. I just remember taking thermodynamics for the first time. It was very hard to wrap me small brain around it. I also remember reading Feynman's short intro to quantum mechanics to dummies, and again it was hard to wrap my brain around it. Brass tax some subjects the human brain doesn't grasp very easily based on common education, experience and perception. Understanding some subjects requires a lot of odd rewiring of the old monkey brain. So yeah, Feynman's explanation seems legit, there is no lay explanation for magnets. He'd have to teach you quantum mechanics, at least enough to explain what's happening when you hold two magnets together. And it's not like he's unwilling, since teaching that it part of the way he made a living, it's just he can't do that in less than six months. And then, you wouldn't be a lay person. I've had a few compiler bugs where, adding an if false or changing the order of an if test 'fixes' things. And the complement changing the code exposes a compiler bug. And also, new improved compiler results in code that's broken. Other issues I run into a fair amount is dealing with hardware/naked interrupts often involves a lot of subtle timing and read/write access issues. Sometimes this happens in code you don't own. One problem with a lot of processed foods is the removal of soluble fiber which if present slows down the digestion of carbohydrates (glucose). Another problem is many processed foods contain added free glucose and fructose. The result of eating these foods are very high glucose levels in the blood + insulin levels which interferes with metabolic signaling. Insulin tells your body to store glucose as fat. Insulin inhibits leptin receptor signalling which means your brain loses the ability to sense how much fat your body is carrying around. Fructose in large amounts is hepatotoxic, just like alcohol. In fact for the same metabolic reason as alcohol. Size of a void* is two bytes? really? Once you think you need to move from some flavor of C to standard C++ you should probably switch to a safe proper garbage collected language.