How does the U.S. effort in Haiti compare to the U.S. effort in New Orleans? Let's say that I don't want to be safer, and choose to live dangerously. I have no interest in comparing the number of people injured in each. I am not looking at this stage for context. I want to have an absolute comparison - has the U.S. been better organised in their Haiti relief mission than in the New Orleans one. If so, why? Petzold's "Code". That is such a useful phrase. I'd hate to forget it. Here, could you write it down for me on the back of this postage stamp using this banana to write with? Thanks. No. Taking a Masters in maths with the Open University. Usually have at least one language on the go in evening classes. What of those who play for the love of the game? Those who think a good match is one in which everyone enjoyed themselves? Those for whom the score exists only as a by-product of what they see as the point - to have a good time? They're not competitive and they it more fun for everyone else. If that translates into their work, they'd surely be far better employees than hyper-competitives. Indeed. All we care about is the money. Perhaps it's just a bit of fun. I feel it should be pointed out that whilst what you say is probably an accurate depiction, it of course does not make it alright to murder non-combatants. That's not to say that this alleged video will show such things, of course. Just as a point of discussion, history indicates that within a war zone, professionally trained soldiers tend to do better than those relying on BASIC instinct. Isn't that true of everything ever recorded? What point are you making? It is easy for us, yes, but the topic at hand isn't how easy it is for us to watch footage. How easy it is for us to dissect it has no bearing whatsoever on the events themselves. Put another way, how difficult does it have to be for us to see what happened before it's acceptable for us to disagree with the actions taken? Edit: This is a fantastically unpopular comment! Is it my lack of respect for the "Thou shalt not Monday-morning quarterback, no matter how badly the quarterback screwed it up" commandment? :) "This article, IMHO, is written by someone who has no idea how things work just about anywhere that's not the industrialized West" Seems to have a pretty good idea how things work in a factory in China. At the risk of sounding trite and sliding into philosophy, how many people have to do something unacceptable before it becomes acceptable? Unemployed, with just enough to magically pay the rent. Honestly, it took about ten seconds to learn it was on the other side. Is it really that much trouble for people to adapt? It's been less than a day and I don't even notice it's on the other side any more. Yes, there's the argument that people should (and can) put it wherever they like, but seriously, within ten or so instances it's relearned. Ubuntu Linux is in danger of becoming the new windows. Time to move to Plan 9! I don't see that becoming mainstream for at least a year. I thought HN was a hangout for people wanting to start their own business. Edit: Yikes. I guess the truth hurts. :) "If change were always a good thing, and temporary uncomfort good - do you mind if I borrow that office chair of yours and replace it with a different one? If you're still bored, there's this French-layout keyboard I could give you. And - no, don't use it with UK/US layout, that would be boring." These are not good examples. I just use whichever chair is closest to where I want to sit when I want to sit, and I switch between dvorak and qwerty more than once a day without even noticing any more. Likewise, I anticipate, whichever side the close button is on. These are utterly inconsequential changes. I'd be willing to bet that the time I would save each day by having the close button more often nearer to where the mouse pointer is when I need to close a window is swallowed up in a single digressive conversation lasting less than a few minutes. I tried to eat an apple but chipped my tooth on the monitor. A descriptive name doesn't necessarily make it so. DDT was a fantastic invention for combating malaria. Great invention, terrible application thereof. > it's pretty obvious Wikileaks has some biases, particularly anti-war Who exactly does not have an anti-war bias? Mass-murdering psychopaths? Insane dictators? Anyone who likes killing other people? I can't build (for example) a doomsday device that will eliminate all life on Earth. I still think I should be allowed to disagree with the building of one. Alright, let's ignore research because it complicates the matter. Correct doomsday device scenario to "I've never carried out genocide, but I still think I should be able to disagree with it." It's been a decade and I'm still paying (although I didn't have to start paying them back until about 3 years after leaving university). Since I studied in the UK, my student loan on leaving (after 4 years) was around 8500 UKP (I was in the last entry year that didn't pay fees), which is a pittance compared to what some of you chaps ending up borrowing. I can't help but think that if you don't know where to start (different from having too many places to start), you don't need to. If you need it, there should be something obvious - some programme that really needs to be written, and simply must run on such-and-such a system, and that will inform you on what to learn. "What, objectively, is so much better and easier under Linux? Note, we're talking dev machine here, and not deployment serv" Tool chaining. For me, the ease with which I can bang out scripts and makefiles and have the tools easily check out versioned code from rcs/svn and that I can pipe and redirect and have a host of efficient tools like grep and nm and objdump and more, and they all work together piping and redirecting to make exactly what I want in so many easily altered configurations. Release and debug and partial debug and static-checking build and more, with all the makefiles just text - so easy to alter and tweak and copy and share (and even have them configure on the fly, reading the output from the compilation and rerunning with extra warnings or debug symbols) and have them run commands themselves like sending eMails to everyone who is listed as an interested party on the source controlled spec list, and so much more. Valgrind is so useful that if I have to develop on a Win32 machine I get a version of it going under MinGw, and sometimes I run a Win32 debug under Wine on Linux so I can use Valgrind on it. I sound like the biggest *nix dev env fanboy ever. Do I mean under MinGW? I forget. Maybe I never got that to work and that's why I use Wine under Lin. Which of those two styles is being presented as superior? "He is also quite strict about being hard sci-fi (no faster than light travel for example)." Or rather, it was tried (in the Revelation Space series) but did not work out well... Checking my command history, grep comes out on top. Yes, I have never seen anyone ignore someone else. I've got an idea. How about if you want a presence on the web, you have this website that you control with whatever data and pictures you want on it? Coders can develop things we'll call content management systems to make it a bit easier for you to put your data on there if you don't want to do it all yourself, and since you'll control it, you can add whatever tools and automation and widgets and the like. It must be about time for TechCrunch to hyperbolically declare the death of Firefox, then. If sexual abuse and rape of children is the price to pay for national security, is that price worth paying? Because the role of the government in an allegedly free market is not to boost or squelch specific businesses. That's what happens in planned economies such as the old Soviet Union. The government already discourages some kinds of business through the creation and enforcement of laws. Going beyond that is not the action of "the government", but can only be the action of individuals within the government abusing power to pursue their own beliefs and agenda. No no, "Nej" means no. :) Let go your preconceptions; cause and effect, this "trigger" of which you speak, is an idea you have built living in this universe with these physical characteristics. "where performance is important" Really? I'm so out of touch. I always put Java down as something to use when performance wasn't important. Maybe I'm going insane and what's on my monitor is not what I'm reading inside my head, but I just spend a few minutes going through their compatibility checker and they don't list a single phone that it's compatible with. Just a whole bunch of unsupported phones. http://wakemate.com/compatibility/ And genocide. Genocide is more wrong too! You've incorrectly used an apostrophe there, chum. Does it? Exactly which dictionary did you literally find that in? Do you even know what the word "literally" means? I'm a fair man; let's do some checking. Here's one: http://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/american/prote... "an illegal system in which criminals threaten to harm you or your property if you do not give them money" How strange; it's not remote close to what you literally read as a dictionary definition. I've checked other dictionaries too; same story. Here's an idea; why not open up this magical dictionary you have and see what it says under the word "literally". So there's someone who knows how the locks on your building can be picked, and then offers to tell you how to fix it so they can't? That doesn't sound like extortion. It sounds like someone being helpful. In case you struggle to draw the analogy here, in this case we have Geohot, who knows a lot about how to do something Sony really want to do, offering to help them do it. That's not extortion. If you call that extortion, then presumably when the fire department sends out leaflets on how to prevent fires, you call that extortion too. "If you and I are neighbors and we agree that you I will pay you 250$ a month to not park you car in front of my house (while you legally have a right to do so), should that not be allowed?" I don't know how it works elsewhere, but in the UK there are a number of legal rights that cannot be signed away. For example, tenancy agreements with illegal clauses are simply enforceable for those clauses, whether it's signed or not. Another example; one cannot consent to Grievous Bodily Harm, even if you really want to (this one was taken all the way through the legal system when someone consented to having a nail hammered through a rather sensitive part of his body). Simply not true. Laughably so. Listen to yourself. You're telling people not to invest because they'll only do well out of it rather than doing very well out of it. People were saying the same thing about gold two years ago and one year ago. Would this be better labelled "Why web programmers need to learn JavaScript"? An awful lot of programmers will never need to touch any JavaScript. "More men are not needed in childcare/teaching because women are naturally - from birth - better at the type of empathy and communication that is required in those fields." If you empathise with someone, it is harder to cause them discomfort because it causes you discomfort also. Thus, someone with lesser empathy would be better at discipling children. "I disagree that men are better at disciplining children than women are." You can't have it both ways, Sarkozy. Which is it? I always thought OO was a design philosophy rather than a set of tick boxes that a programming language/notation must provide. Design in OO, code in whatever you like, but note that some programming languages make it easier than others. Obviously my interpretation is no more authoritative than anyone else's :( Awesome. It's your idea, so you can go first :) The first thing I notice is the bad spelling; "continuosly" infers amateur who doesn't proofread or run a spellchecker. Alternatively, provide documents in latex or similar and people can do the final compilation themselves, dictating exactly the details of the physical medium (be that printed paper or an electronic display of some kind) they will be using to view it. This would require people learning how to do something, though. Are you saying that women can't appreciate elegance and brevity? Perhaps your kind of attitude is why there aren't more females in programming. "That's interesting, but damn is that some ugly code" I would disagree. That code is beautiful. Elegance and brevity; it's as close to a pure expression of the coder's thoughts as it's reasonably possible to get. Sounds like a case of mishandled expectation to me. Computer science is a mathematical and logical discipline; programming is a good means to practice that mathematics and logic, but it's not what computer science is. The relevant RFCs make it clear what is a correct eMail address. Why should we have to put with lazy or incompetent coders who can't be bothered to meet the standard? So because Facebook don't know what counts as a valid eMail address, everyone else has to adapt to them? But you might say "Which car am I driving in?" If you create a completely real company with the driving intention to get yourself health insurance because you can't or won't do it as an individual, it won't matter how real the company is. The insurers will decline to pay out. Not everyone habitually uses eMail or social networks. Your lack of imagination astounds me. I suspect that you realise that your original comment was hopelessly flawed, but you now refuse to admit it. Many people don't use the Facebook. Lots of people use eMail, but there's been an earthquake. Their workplaces are buried. Their computers are under rubble. The majority of eMail users do not know how to configure a new PC to access their eMail. They've relied on it just working on their existing systems. That's gone. There are so many other things that could stop people using their eMail or their Facebook page. What's needed is a single, central information collator and provider. That's what has been created. A number of prices will be going down because of reduced dividend expectation. Companies that are about to make a big loss due to natural disasters are going to reduce dividends, so the shares are actually worth less than they were a week ago. That said, the "efficient market hypothesis" of which you speak; that is, the idea that any and all future price rises and falls have already been factored in - is false. Many investors _are_ ignorant. Many are stupid. Many are prone to panic. They are prone to everything that all other humans are prone to. Many are in fact big funds that have preset automated buying and selling positions and would happily buy and sell regardless of what else is going on. As evidence, I point to every bubble and crash there has ever been. "There is no base for any beliefs, if you ask me." Yet I bet you go on eating food, in the belief it will keep you alive. The ability to think clearly about problems and solve them in a coherent, sensible fashion. If a programmer can't do this, and so many can't, it doesn't matter what buzzword tech proficiency is being claimed. "The only GPS degredations that I'm aware of were intentional." Yes, it has to be intentionally spoofed or jammed. However, there are bad people in the world who intentionally do bad things. This can be done with surprisingly little knowledge and ability, and such devices are commercially available. The GPS system is fine; the problem is that anyone can flick a switch and mess with it. The US military does not have some kind of magic device to stop that happening. "The GPS system may be an exception to the purity argument." It is very definitely not. With one device I can mess with everyone's nav system, if everyone uses GPS. If there was a mix of systems being used; GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, the forthcoming COMPASS, the regional Beidou and other such regional systems, LORAN and eLORAN ground-based systems, inertial navigation systems (Which aren't brilliant but are getting better) and various other options, I will have a much, much harder time of messing with everyone's navigation. If you build it, they will come. From recent days, give people a 1Gbps connection, with a decent upstream, and they'll use it despite what the market research claimed in advance (go go, Kansas). Time and time again, when you give people a useful tool they can adapt to their own needs, they will find ways to use it. Give people the ability to define an object they want built out of plastic, and they will use it. Oh, how they'll use this. The ability to make any shape object out of plastic in your own home? The uses people find for this are going to be endless. I was hoping it was about Joanna Rutkowska :( They would save more time by simply not coming here. They can save lots and lots of time by not reading anything. Additional knowledge takes time to read and then adds time to your decision making process. Too many choices. These people should just write out a schedule and keep to it perfectly. No distractions, no extras, no discovery. No need for people to read things to understand them. Simply let someone else read them for you and tell you what to think. Agreed; the (possibly impossible) goal of any sensible government should be full unemployment. HN is an internationally read site. Things that are illegal in some countries are not illegal in others. As responsible citizens, it is up to the individual to not engage in illegal activities in the region said individual is in. Both of those sound like good things. Brand name companies like Enron, WorldCom, Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns... Only if it uses violence or the threat thereof; otherwise, it's theft. Because some of the bacteria remain. Not enough to make you feel unhealthy. Enough to breed and spread. These survivors are the ones that were most resistant to the antibiotics. Now they have less competition. They will breed more bacteria. More bacteria who inherit their improved resistance to antibiotics. Some of their children will be even more resistant. Some of their children will end up in someone else who, just like you, did not finish the course of antibiotics and, just like you, ended up being an incubator for a hardier, more antibiotic resistant strain. Eventually, the children are completely resistant and they laugh in the face of antibiotics, and then people start dying. People you never met. People who might be generations down the line from you infected with a super-resistant strain that can be traced back to you and others like you. "People often tell me to make stuff, and when I do, I follow tutorials and simply copy what I'm told to write to move on." That's not making stuff. You have to think about it yourself. Programming is not memorising syntax and copying other people. Programming is thinking about solving problems in a way suited to the tools you have. That is what you need to work on. Actually, for what I do, they are paying me too much. They'd know if they were able to monitor what I do all day. Sounds like some kind of OCD obsessive, or the plot to a bad sci-fi movie. Hinge your existence on your code? What does that even mean? I code therefore I am? How good is "good enough", anyway? It's quite possible to churn out decent code without it being the hinge of one's existence. The same comment goes on to say "When you jump of the cliff their is exponential growth before you hit the ground. When its time to pay bills well climb back up the cliff when you get to the top of it you will find your self much further." so there's either an awful lot being lost in translation, or this is someone to whom coherent thought does not come easily. Because you've been a bad, bad boy and now you're going to be punished... :p Follow the link, watch the video that pops up... some guy walking around fiddling with a tablet. What's being sold here? The tablet? Some software? Services? No idea... watch for thirty seconds... still no idea... click the "about" button... more pictures of someone's shoes. Maybe they're selling shoes. It's no crazier than any other "paradigm-redefining" introspective code blog post we see the web churn out day after day. What is it that you wish to learn? If you're a self-taught programmer who wants to learn (to use an extreme example) bricklaying, then you won't have much use for the standard undergrad CS reading list. Similarly, if you want to be a better programmer, the list will be different to that of the standard undergrad CS reading list. Can you tell us what your goal here is? Do you actually want to do CS, or do you want to fill in some of the theoretical gaps that might be useful to you as a coder, or do you actually not care so much about the theory and just want to be a better programmer? "I would be concerned too as a parent if a teacher's aid did that" How is that concerning? If she'd posted a picture of herself executing kittens, or planning a series of gruesome murders, yes, sure, that's concerning. But a pictures of pants and ankles? How is that something to be concerned about? Or are you saying that you don't think that's anything to worry about, but you only want your children to be near adults who spend their lives in some kind of insane fearful paranoia? If that IS what you want, what's wrong with YOU? What kind of people would your children turn into if every adult they ever met was a terrified paranoic? Right on. We all know C has always been the big one :) Because it's really hard to read the book in the dark. Ba-dum TISH. This sounds like OOP gone horribly wrong. OOP isn't for the code's benefit; it's for _my_ benefit. Some problems can be easily thought about in terms of independent objects; it makes it easy to work out the solution, and to code an elegant, coherent solution. Some problems just don't suit that kind of thinking. Applying OOP to something it's not suited for and then blaming OOP for the resultant mess is just silly. "I wish more developers treated learning to program like learning a foreign language. When you're learning a foreign language, your #1 goal is to cast off any poor grammar or pronunciation and sound like an intelligent native speaker." I'm not sure that's true at all. When I learn a foreign language, my aim is to be able to communicate. The extra effort required to be perfect far outweighs what I need from it. The native speakers I talk to are quite capable of taking my bad grammar and understand my meaning. Wanting to sound like an intelligent native speaker isn't just at the bottom of my list of needs; it's not even on the list. When learning a programming language, I have no choice; I must have perfect grammar. "Such poor communication skills would be humiliating when trying to communicate in a foreign language" Not at all, in my experience. Simply having some simple grasp of the local language is met with delight; just having made the effort goes a long way, even if the locals themselves prefer to speak with me in English. "Obviously the iPhone was revolutionary." The iPhone's marketing was very good. I'm not sure there was anything revolutionary about it. Edit: Rather than answer individuals below, I'll state my terms here. Revolutionary indicates a complete change - the overturning of all that was before. We already had phones, we already had pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers that you could get extra programs for, we already had increasing use of them as time went on. We already had. "Revolution: A forcible overthrow of a government or social order for a new system." By your own definition; _same_ system, just different controller, so no revolution. "the purpose of a computer is to connect to the Internet." That's either horribly badly worded (the purpose of _this_ computer is to connect to the internet, perhaps?) or demonstrates a phenomenally narrow view of the world. For something that implies on the cover that it is going to get real about build wep apps, there's very little actual building of web apps in there. If that's the goal, we can reduce fatalities to zero by all being sterilized. Once we're all dead, there will be no humans left and the human death rate drops to zero, permanantly. I've been a programmer for more than a decade and 18 hour days are few and far between. This bizarre obsession with long hours seems to be common in a very small segment of the programming industry. "if we are simply the same as the females, how do I prove my manhood?" Why do you feel the need to? A piece about the future being from the future? Sounds pretty sensible to me :) All of us? All of you, perhaps. Wrong kind of tex :p http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/251414413/tex-murphy-pro... That makes no sense to me. I know exactly what skills my company needs (or rather, what the hiring people look for on the CV). I know exactly what the interview is looking for. I know exactly what programming language to brush up on, and I know the complete set of coding problems set in the interview. I know it so well that the last person I recommended (for the recruitment bounty) breezed through after I tipped her off on the coding questions. I could get through the whole process easily. I doubt I'm the only person. What kind of people set questions in interviews without knowing what answer they're hoping for? How do they know if the candidate is any good if they don't know the answer themselves? That sounds.... well, it sounds insane. More internet misogyny. Fortunately, this one comes with a way to actual give for the cause. "any new language today should be all beginner friendly" I disagree. I think any new language should be designed to best meet the kind of problem it's being created to deal with. Making it "beginner friendly" (whatever that means - I bet there are lots of different interpretations) is a nice extra, but should not come at the expense of solving the problems.