Nope, this will never catch on. The minute they realize that the exact same principles they use to subvert al-Qaeida propaganda can be used against their own propaganda, they will have to shut down the program. You can't teach critical thinking, humour and satire to your army and not have them use the same tools against you. I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. When you reuse someone elses code, you always get stuck with someone elses assumptions. In this case, that English is the only language and that the regular expression [A-Za-z] encompasses all possible letters in the world. The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. That assertion is only true in an extremely limited context where the only language possible is English and the only character encoding is ascii. That's where the Unix tools shines because they are great at handling problems easily expressable as regular expressions. But it is not a very realistic example, nor a fair comparison. > As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. You should try that and then blog about it. :) I've spent lots of time battling issues with ascii-centric libraries. My conclusion is that it is not easy at all which is not strange because tools like tr and sed were written decades before unicode support became a must have. I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Does it really make sense to think about Germany as a separate entity from the rest of the Euro Zone? Economically, I think Germany is more like the center of a huge country with Spain and Greece being the poorer provinces... It is a very strange situation caused by too diverse countries having the same currency. Say what?? I, for one, LIKED the submission a lot! The Wikipedia Redefined site is a great way to present a design proposal from an outsider. The redesign had some flaws, like not fully accounting for i18n and accessability issues, but there where some great nuggets in there too. Such as using a stylized W instead of the plain boring W as the favicon. It is so sad that people instead choose to criticize the flaws and ignoring the good and valuable ideas just so they can be extra critical. I have a site with lots of statistics, tables, charts and similar stuff. As you can understand, fetching all that data from the database to render the analytical charts is fairly expensive. My solution is to first render the page template and send it back to the client as quickly as possible with all statistics widgets empty. Then the page makes a few ajax calls to fetch the data from the server to render the pie and bar charts widgets. It works very well for a human visitor. The page loads extremely quickly and the widgets rendered using javascript and ajax are below the fold anyway so it doesn't matter that they are visible 500 ms later than the initial page load. Unfortunately it is crap for Googlebot which never runs the ajax calls and never "sees" my pretty graphs which leads it to think I have a much more boring site than what it really is. So that is my need to "app-ify" my site and my, as of yet unfulfilled, need for a framework that is able to provide Googlebot with an accurate view of my appified site. Awesome stuff! But wont you get into trouble with Google for this site? Because it is like Spotify, except much better. :) Previously, I used http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ to conveniently listen to music on youtube, but it apparently ran into legal issues. No stop it! Don't defend autoconf, it is not worth it and the software does not deserve it. Users of autoconf, that is developers that try to use that POS to build their software definitely experiences its pains. It is not just that M4 is a horribly ugly, badly, inconsistent language. You also have about a million leaky caches in the build process to deal with. Autoconf rewrites the build scripts in three stages, each which is cached and also keeps an autom4te.cache directory around. So what happens is that you update something in the M4 build script and then have to spend hours hunting down why the change didn't change anything because some stupid autoconf cache wasn't flushed. What autoconf has done is to separate free software developers into two categories. Those who can hack the source (the .c and .h files) and those who understand the "autoconf magic." It should be telling that people refer to it as "magic" - it's a f ing build system, not rocket science. The only reason this ugly piece of software has lived on is because people treat it as some kind of magical device and inertia. Configuring and building software is an easy problem. It gets even easier if you finally decide to drop support for 30 year old unices that no one uses. The autoconf team consistently refuses to do that which why the software wont ever become better. CMake, SCons, Waf and probably half a dozen more tools all do a much better job configuring software than autoconf ever will. People really need to try those alternatives and I'm sure they will realize autoconf needs to die, die, DIE. You sound a lot like my colleagues when I tell them why I much favor dynamic languages like Ruby and Python over Java. :) They listen politely to my arguments, then shrug their shoulders and go "meh, Java works fine for me". CVS users are the same when it comes to Subversion users who are the same when it comes to Git users. It doesn't matter for a "works fine" person how many faults their current tool has or how much smoother "your" tool solves all those problems, they won't listen. Logic doesn't work maybe because it is very hard for them to get used to something new. Maybe because if you haven't experienced any alternatives it is very hard to imagine that something could be better. Anyone care to explain what the author mean by: "Pair programming is like those girls that go to the restaurant bathroom together."? It sounds like a funny analogy but it's just pure gibberish. The point of the article seem to be to get reactions, not tell you anything about Agile. I love this! At a few previous workplaces I could have put this project to good use in our mail delivery system. But it is still a testament to the huge difference between doing something and doing something right. Uninformed people just don't get how hard it actually is to send mail. Especially if you have a large distribution list and it is important that your mail does not get caught in over-zealous spam filters. Those people you can point to this project to prove that it takes time and effort to do something as seemingly simple as mailing right. It is the same with i18n. You can't just i18n:ize a site by storing the text translations in the database and showing the right translation based on the browsers Accept-Language header. It becomes a hugely more complex issue when you consider stuff like search engines, date formatting, currency formatting, whether sunday is the start of the week or not and so on. Well, yes, mostly. But you also want your email to be read, not only delivered. Your email mail also contain some kind of CTA (call-to-action, website to visit and so on...) which you are trying to get the reader to respond to. Those numbers may be higher with well designed "beautiful" html mails than plain text ones. Lastly, you may want to measure how many people actually opens and reads your mail and when they do it, instead of just letting it languish in your inbox. It's trivial to do by embedding tracking pixels in the html mail, but impossible in plain text ones. Personally, I abhor html mails like the plague, and the people who believe that bold facing or underlining some text somehow makes it easier to decipher some meaning from the text, but they do have a purpose. Mostly for marketing purposes I admit. So lots of people gather on HN because it is so good and soon enough someone realizes that posting links on HN is a good way to gather page hits. It's downhill from there. People begin to post not only about others startups they find interesting, but about their own ones too for fun and profit. Intentionally or unintentionally astro turfing. Then genuinely intersting links also gets accused of being link bait or of promoting some business. Not before long you'll find shady ads on various forums selling links on HN: "tons of karma, 2yr acnt, $20$/ppost" Not a single site built on user submitted content have been able to withstand that plague. I don't care about the other requirements, but the part where you get in if you have a degree from Stanford or MIT is downright mean. Those schools costs tens of thousands of dollars to attend to per semester but does not make you a better developer than having gone to a cheaper college. There is no correlation between the amount of dollars you spend on your education and how educated you are. There is a correlation between having rich parents that can pay for it and going to an expensive school. But I wish people would stop perpetuating this myth about how a great school automatically makes their alumni great. The schools themselves aren't going to do it because expensive fees is what they live on. People who spent that kind of money aren't either because they gain a lot of free and undeserved opportunities from the reputation the school has. But we, the smart techies should know better. George W Bush graduated from Yale for gods sake. Ah, the slippery slope argument. "If WE aren't tight on the rules, the site will quickly degernate into a useless mess." Where have I heard that before? On Wikipedia. It vastly overstates the job of those that delete stuff. They aren't the ones creating a great site. Those that ask and answer questions are. I'd gladly pay £100 or more.. If I actually believed the product would work on me. However, there is so much crap and scams on the internet that it is hard to believe a web site programme would be effective. All the thousands of "get abs in six weeks!" ads has made me cynical. Maybe if someone I trusted had taken the programme and could recommend it to me it would put be over the trust threshold. I think your so question shows exactly why generics are useful. A solution where you pass a callback predicate to the iterating function would work in Go, but be much slower than one in which the predicate logic can be inlined. E.g. if your image is 1920x1200 you would need to call the function that checks if the pixel is opaque 2.3 million times. That approach works ok in Python and Ruby which do not mind being a little on the slow side, but Go is supposed to be closer to the metal so something more efficient is needed. Ah, nothing like some good union-bashing from the economy journalists. Countries like France, Germany, Spain, Japan among others have much more powerful unions than the US, yet they are able to upgrade their rail infrastructure. Either the article is bull or American unions are for some reason more "evil" than in the rest of the world. > Who should I look to for an answer to this problem? In the US, unskilled labour costs are lower than in the rest of the industrialized world. Therefore there is less incentive to replace labour intensive jobs like train conductors with electronic systems that have a high initial capital cost. The Nordic countries and Japan have the most industrial robots per worker because wage costs are very high. But then you have to think everytime whether you should put parantheses there or not. Is the code readable without parantheses? Should I put them there in case someone reads the code in a year and doesn't know about the problem domain ... ? It is not much, but it is extra cognitive load that is wasted. It's akin to programming C and everytime you write a function, if statement or for loop you have to ponder whether it looks best to put the opening brace below the line or at the end of it. I hate reading code with an inconsistent brace placement style like that. But that is fixing the symptom, not curing the disease. Throwing out the guy that manipulates Wikipedia for personal gains stops him, but not any of his peers that are also subverting the project. It is very unlikely that not a lot of governments and corporations have realized how hugely important Wikipedia has become. Therefore I don't think this guy was alone. In the future, people astro turfing Wikipedia will be more careful to avoid being caught but they wont at all disappear. Another way: len(filter(p, xs)) Yes, I'm aware of that. But my philosophy is to always try to conserve keystrokes wherever possible. Premature optimization is the root of all evil and all that. :) For the same reason I prefer to use dict.items() over dict.iteritems() and range() over xrange() and so on. Playing poker, like Texas Hold-Em is definitely a game of skill and not luck. It is absolutely possible to still make big bucks on it if you are skilled enough. My brother used to live a fairly decadent life thanks to his poker winnings from a few years ago. However, that was at the peak of the world wide poker craze where everyone thought they could be millionares by playing Paradise Poker a few hours per day. But the times have changed in online poker and there aren't enough whales around that the poker sharks can exploit for profit anymore. The only way to consistently make money playing poker is if the skill differential between you and your opponents is high enough and in your favor. The lower the difference, the more time it takes to make a profit, the lower your hourly wage gets. On top of that, you can suffer fluctuations or "bad beats" as they call it. One week you may win 100k only to lose it the next week. It is a very stressful situation if poker is your work and you need to win. There is a definite risk of burning out. 85k isn't a lot when it takes 8-10h per day of really boring online poker playing. How would you feel if someone was doing a 10x better job than you? That's the difference between a brilliant engineer and an average one. It doesn't matter if the guy is the nicest person on earth, people will feel threatened by that kind of skill. I don't know how to deal with that situation, the normal human response seem to be to ostracize outliers which an extremely talented developer is. One important difference between how that completion works and zsh's is that zsh cycles between the available completions if you repeatedly type tab. E.g. if you have the files [less01.png, less02.png, less03.png] and type "eog less " in bash will show you the files. Press tab again and it will list the files again. In zsh, the second tab press would fill in "less01.png", then "less02.png" and so on. It's a matter of preference which completion strategy is the best, yes. :) But for me I've found that zsh's way to do it saves me many more keystrokes than bash's way. That almost works. But it seems like you can't have tab to both bring up a list of completions and cycle through completions which zsh does. I made a python script to time the different approaches: https://gist.github.com/3839551 AFAICT, the parent and the interviewer is right because both methods run in roughly the same time because the time of the binary search is orders of magnitude greater than the upper bound finding part. I might have made one or more mistakes though. Hogwash. For every skilled craftsman you can find, I can find ten other idiots making ten times as much money thanks to being born in the right family. Skilled developers recognize that rockstar developers can be ten times as productive as average ones. I haven't ever heard of any developers making ten times the average salary or even double the average. Stock brokers are regularly getting beaten by monkeys when it comes to betting on the stock market, yet they are among the top earners in society. It's just insane to suggest that salaries are fair or that skill is in any way correlated to income. Unless you believe that making lots of money proves that you are good at what you are doing, which makes the whole argument a tautology. Edit: Also, the best work I've done is all open source. It isn't all very good stuff (far from it!), but it certainly is both more valuable and better than the corporate code I write for a living. Then there is http://www.ohloh.net/ that tries to estimate the labour costs of various open source projects. People have plowed thousands of hours of unpaid work into some of the highest regarded software projects on earth just for fun. They will never get properly compensated for their work. "From each according to his ability, to each according to his work." is the famous slogan of Socialism, but it certainly isn't how the world currently operates. The only way you can claim that a developer can make 10x the regular salary, is to have that developer do something other more profitable than development and claim that that makes him or her more excellent. It's a circular argument: "you are doing something that makes lots of money, therefore what you are doing is more excellent than someone making less money." No, making money is about being good at making money. Not to perform outstanding work. The quote is right, "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is for Communism, which has a different slogan than Socialism. I think most of your objections can be countered with "don't work with idiots." That none is hired should be managements top priority in every workplace. I can't argue against you because I don't know the specifics. But to me, it seems those that are the most worried about themselves being assholes are the least assholish of people. People who do behave as genuine assholes never reflect upon their own behaviour. One problem, which I suppose is hard to do something about, is that lines are not hyphenated. Blocks of text looks much more aesthetically pleasing if they are. That's the reason I'm reluctantly still writing my CV in Latex - it's the only software that handles hyphenation and kerning really well. But isn't it a big problem that all the blog posts are loaded using Javascript? It means your blog will be fully invisible to Googlebot and anyone coming from search engines. The purpose of a blog is, at least partially, to have readers but loading content via Javascript makes that harder to get. Then why doesn't this search return any posts? https://www.google.com/#hl=en&safe=off&sclient=psy-a... Doesn't seem to work for me. It could be that I'm running Ubuntu (assuming you are on OS X) and my version of wkhtmltopdf (0.9.9) uses an older version of webkit that doesn't have support for hyphenation yet. Sorry, the reason I assumed OS X was because Safari seem to have better hyphenation support than current Linux browser rendering engines. See http://caniuse.com/css-hyphens and http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5356752/webkit-hyphenatio... Tobacco has anti-psychotic properties which can help to alleviate the effects of schizophrenia, which is one reason almost all schizo patients smoke. Alcohol on the other hand can make the condition worse because it has psychotic properties. Marijuana is both psychotic and anti-psychotic so how that will affect the patient is more unclear. There are several wrong things with that post. First of the PKG_CHECK_MODULES macro checks that pkg-config is present on the system and presents a nice error message if it isn't. Second, PKG_CHECK_MODULES can be used to specify several dependencies: PKG_CHECK_MODULES(DEP, foo udev >= 999 neverhere) Then if one or more of the dependencies aren't met, all problems are shown: Package foo was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `foo.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'foo' found Requested 'udev >= 999' but version of udev is 175 Package neverhere was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `neverhere.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'neverhere' found It may not seem like much, but for someone not used to compiling stuff from source it means a lot that all missing dependencies are shown at once. A sloppy shell script to check for the same dependencies would mean that the user would first see "foo not found" and go and download that package, then "udev >= 175 required" and when that is fixed the third error and so on. Also, the error message "You can download mono from www.go.mono.com" isn't very useful for most Linux users. The correct remedy on distros that ship with devel packages is to figure out the name of the package that supplies the include headers and pkg-config file and istall that. pkg-configs error message aren't that great either, but at least they are easily recognizable. In my opinion, autoconf is a very misguided build system. It is designed so that it should have no other requirements on the compiling users system other than a POSIX environment, a shell and a C compiler. It is a completely unnecessary constraint because nowadays everyone is able to install great languages like Python, Ruby, Scheme and many others much more suitable for writing build configuration systems than shell script. There is no point anymore in using the M4 language to generate a 1000 line configure script when a 50 line Python/Ruby/$OtherNiceScriptingLanguage would work just as well. > Was software reinvented in the past few years while I was sleeping? > Is functional programming taking over the world? Yes and yes, and it's awesome! :) Previously functional programming was mostly an academic pursuit but in the last decade it has definitely entered the mainstream. Once you understand FP, you become a much more skilled programmer and can make more efficient solutions even in languages not designed for FP like C. > Is understanding things like Monads and Promises now a must have > for anyone calling themselves a programmer / developer / software engineer / hacker? I don't understanding it per se is the water branching point. Instead the difference between an "office drone engineer" and a hacker is a natural curiosity and interest in learning new things. An office drone will say "damn! now i have to learn this NEW thing, argh." A hacker will instead enjoy it and have a very fun time learning about monads. I don't know if I agree that learning technologies that does not prove to be commercially viable are a waste of time. You can learn a lot from a topic even if it is not directly related to your income. Machine learning is a hobby of mine, which I, sadly, haven't had the chance to work with professionally. But by learning about it, I think my mind has sharpened and I think I now have a much better grasp of linear algebra which is related to my work. Similar experiences can probably be derived by learning about JavaFX, like understanding its pretty smart canvas api. Silverlight has, I don't know, state of the art drm technology for video streaming? The point is that learning is almost always a good investment that pays off. If you love what you are learning about, then the investment becomes much smaller and the payoff almost immediate. I don't get it. Is the library for progressively loading html content? So that you can use multiple threads to handle one request and therefore get higher performance? From the examples given, it is hard to see why regular template rendering wouldn't work just as well. Do people appreciate unsolicited mails from freelance developers? Seems like spamming to me. Also, if you are looking for work why would you waste time with someone who probably does not have any to offer? Blogspot? It's dirt simple to setup, you get your own subdomain and there are millions of things to customize. I'm using it for my blog ( http://bjourne.blogspot.se/ ) and am satisfied with it. The google+ integration and fool-proof spam detection are nice benefits. So the idea is that companies bid against each other on talent? What is to stop them from colluding and bidding just the current bid + 1? E.g. the first company bids 150k, the next one 151k and so on. Also, are the companies supposed to bid on the candidates without even having met them? What if someone has a kick-ass work history but turns out to be a tool in real life? As a Linux user, malicious exe-files doesnt concern me much, but random joksters trying to get me to click on goatse-links does. It especially sucks when you're at work and you thought it was a link to a page describing matrix multiplication. I think that a modern browser should protect you against that. After all, my economic loss is likely to be larger if my boss sees me staring at a bleeding anus than if I catch a malware infection. Just like browser these days detect malware sites they should also detect shock sites. I'm curious to know if you would reciprocate in kind? That is to send me code samples of the work your dev team has done on your company. Your goal is to ensure I'm not a bozo and my goal is to not have to work with bozo colleagues. Hence the exchange of code samples. Fair? Actually my boss has goatse man beaten when it comes to being a huge asshole. But the picture would just make him jealous. Guess you are familiar with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias ? In 2009, there were probably tonnes of people trying to exploit the market using similar low-tech methods as you. Even if all of them were at best break-even, some of them likely made a lot of money on their unprofitable algorithms by pure chance thanks to the size of the cohort. Those few blogged about it and those who lost money didn't. :) I'm not saying that you just were lucky (please dont take this as criticism) - survival bias is just one of those things that always come to mind when people write about how they broke the market or when some investor is presenting his incredibly smart investment strategy that has netted him millions. When compiling lists of the best Python libs, one definitely has to check out Pocoo: http://www.pocoo.org/ They are a bunch of dudes who are incredibly skilled at putting together great API:s. All their libraries, from pygments, jinja2 to sphinx are well-documented and extremely simple to use. Most of those tips are great, but dont use autotools! The points they give for choosing autotools are exactly the same as one would have read maybe a decade ago when people said that CVS was "good enough" and that it "just works." Subversion, git and several others are much better alternatives and where developed because people weren't happy with CVS quirks and crappiness. One example is waf ( http://docs.waf.googlecode.com/git/book_16/single.html ), arguably just as well documented as autotools but without all the cruft and generated files madness autotools forces you to go through. CMake ( http://www.cmake.org/ ) is another, used by KDE 4. SCons ( http://www.scons.org/ ) another nice build tool. These also have the advantage of working much better on Windows, a platform autotools is completely alien to. Practically, you need an autogen.sh script too because noone knows the command switches and order you need to call aclocal, autoconf and automake in to generate the configure script and Makefile.in files. That's enough for a minimal project. For something larger with subdirectories for src/ docs/ tests/ etc, you need to use one Makefile.am file in each directory and tie it together with the SUBDIRS variable. When you need to do something slightly out of the extra-ordinary (in autotools' world, "ordinary" means compile c, generate man pages and install) like generating doxygen or javadoc documentation, offering an uninstall option or building binaries that are not supposed to be installed, then you have to learn M4 and it's stupid syntax. Also, autotools amazing features aren't all that. Builds out of the source dir? Eh.. This is 2012 and it doesn't impress anymore. Both waf and SCons can do it no problem. Autotools-projects, on the other hand, seem to always put the object files and linked library in the source directory. Sometimes the built library is put in a hidden directory for some reason I don't understand. Possibly it has something to do with libtool, another kludge on top of autotools one rather would do without. Since modern build tools does not pollute the source directories you basically get make distcheck for free. Waf has it builtin for example and it can easily be extended to also upload your tarballs to your distribution server, sending annoncement emails and what have you. > I've only had a single person ever pass this test, out of 10 or so interviewees. Did that person get the job? Lots of companies seem to administer those brain-bending tests and then does not use it as the deciding factor when hiring someone. I've personally been exposed to several quizzies like checking if a number is a prime, walking a directory tree and printing .txt files, implementing a variant of the soundex algorithm, a web server to interact with the twitter api... The worst (or best) was one in which the interviewer asked me to solve a Roman Square problem as a homework. Except instead of a 3x3 square it was a hexagon containing 64 numbers. Aced all the tests, even the Roman Square and the interviewer even told me I was the only one they had interviewed that solved the problem. It was freakishly hard and involved creating a pretty complicated constraint solver. I still didn't get the job. In fact, the common theme in my professional life, after dozens of interviews, is that if there is a programming test involved then I will not be offered the job, no matter how well I score. My conclusion is that companies do not use tests to determine whether to hire applicants or not. Interviewers make up their decisions regardless of test results and then use them purely to make their decision seem more objective they in reality are: "Bill scored low on or test, he is not a good candidate..." or "Bill did score well, BUT $blablabla" where $blablabla is some irrational stuff. Be careful as validating email addresses like that will quickly get you grey or blacklisted by various spam cops. The method works well for a few addresses, but you can't use it to validate thousands of addresses at the same time. I learnt that the hard way. :) Because of exorbitant fees? :) It is just as expensive in Europe as in NA so it's not a case of Americans getting shafted this time. You have multiple parties that want to get a cut of the action. First the content provider that is actually offering the customer something of value. Then you have the payment processor that are delivering sms:es. They need have to have separate agreements with each operator to charge their customers so that the purched items actually shows up on the customers phone bill. Each operator may have a different method of charging payment processors. Some charge a higher percentage per transaction, others a higher base fee and so on. Then you also have lots of shady content providers, who wouldn't think twice about gouging their customers if they can get away with it. That leads to a pricey dispute resolution procedure because someone has to answer when the customer disputes a sky high telephone bill and arrange for chargebacks and so on. But mostly it's the operators at fault. They charge payment processors a lot for access to their customers and it is not like it is a free market. If you want to accept sms payments from Verizon customers then you have to have an agreement with Verizon no matter what the cost is. They know it, and they charge what they can get away with. Sorry but that calculation is just stupid. Thanks to deductions, the income tax paid for even a high earner does not surpass 28%. The 20% state tax is only paid on income in excess of 401 100 something that is always conveniently forgotten when discussing taxes. E.g. the tax scale is progressive which is to offset the trend that the more you earn, the likelier you have other incomes such as investments returns which are taxed significantly lower than salary tax. Yes, Sweden still has high taxes but the situation is not nearly as bad as you make it out to be. Because it's an awesome lecture and well worth a good hour of your life. Trust us on this one, but it's your loss if you don't. :) I'm using Console2 ( http://www.hanselman.com/blog/Console2ABetterWindowsCommandP... ) and Powershell. Not as nice as a real Linux environment, but Console2 has tabs which makes it bearable. > Expecting early stage-like equity and later-stage-like salary doesn't make sense. Not for you maybe, but for the lucky sob who gets it, it definitely makes sense! Just like employers generally aren't in it to be "nice" to their employees, employees are not trying to be "nice" either. Now if you have a scarce resource, you are supposed to try and get a as high price as possible for it. Free market and all that. Also, this James fellow, if he actually was an amazing engineer, one of the best in the area and Google-material, then I don't think it is unreasonable for him to ask for both a high salary and a big chunk of equity. If he also worked "crazy hours" that one of him would replace a team of 3-5 average engineers. If so, you were the one pasing on a great bargain. :) STOCKHOLM anyone? Personally I suck at organizing but if there is some interest maybe I can. :) One would have hoped that with an alarmist title like "At Dawn We Sleep" the topic would be about something very frightening, like the collapse of the oceanic ecosystems, the melting polar ices or the rapidly increasing global temperature. We already know that freak weather incidents like Katrina and Sandy will become much more common in the future and will take many more lives than any "cyber terrorism" ever will. After the war on Communism, drugs and terrorism why can't America declare war on climate change? The article doesn't say, but I'm pretty sure the California School District is borrowing the money from the state itself. That makes the interest a non-issue because it doesn't matter if it is 1% or 100% per annum - the money just flows from one part of the government to another. The interest is just a form of accounting. Now it would be a different matter entirely if the loan was made through a private bank. Then even an interest rate of 0.1% would be a waste of taxpayer funds as there is absolutely no reason not to borrow from the state itself. But that is not how it usually works since governments always are able to finance their loans themselves. For the record (hah) "Fair use" is only a legal concept in the US. Other jurisdictions sometimes have analogies to Fair use, like the right for journalists to quote parts of a text. But those rights are much more limited. There is also no DMCA which means site owners are responsible for the content users may publish. Possibly because Gansta Paradise already is a poor version of Stevie Wonder's Pasttime Paradise? Musicians borrow from each other, always have always will. Does that matter though? SCons is a standalone program and you can easily have parallel versions of Python installed. > Vector art is not often the holy grail as it seems. Take fonts, for instance. Even though formats like TrueType stores the data in vector format, numerous resolution-dependent "hints" have to be added to make it more readable. While true, font hinting is thankfully finally going the way of the dodo. Cell phones and other handheld devices has very crisp fonts without any aliasing and hinting thanks to their high pixel density. The magic threshold is at about 150 dpi which when passed makes hinting redundant. Desktop displays are getting there, albeit slowly. To slowly for my taste. OS X already doesn't use hinting which is why if you are used to Windows fonts, os x fonts can look blurry. But with then new retina displays os x's text rendering simply looks amazing. Surely you must be joking right? How on earth would someone earning But mental illness is something incredibly shameful around the world and maybe even moreso in the US. Almost no parent will ever be able to admit that there might be something wrong with their children. And for the people around them, the most convenient path is to ignore the problem and say it's "a phase" they are going through. There's a huge number of possible ways to offer help to people. A million things can be done, but what everyone does is pretending the problem doesn't exist. I can belive that keeping files under vc is generally beneficial. But what I'm not so sure about and what I wonder if it is worth the trouble making elaborate commits? It's the difference between anal committing and loose committing. In the first style you ensure that your commit messages properly describe what bugs your checkin fixes, that it follows the formatting convention you have for writing checkin messages, that there are no extraneous whitespace changes producing unnecessary hunks and that you don't accidentally insert a big block of uncommented out code. Loose committing is when you periodically commit the stuff you are working on. Several times per day, when you feel you've reached something good, you checkin what is in your repository and, at best, you write a comment like "fixed the bug with bla". Of course, there are several possible shades of gray between totally loose and totally anal committing. What is the right strategy may very well vary depending on how many developers are involved in the project. For me, I've found that loose works best for my own projects. Prettifying commits and thinking up good descriptions is annoying and can disrupt my flow. I can't be bothered to force myself to do it just "because it's the right thing" and I usually don't revisit old commits anyway. I'd definitely like to hear other developers thoughts on the issue though. Do you employ unit testing? If so, that regression would possibly have been caught even earlier. Sure you can . Just render the glyphs into a framebuffer and check the ratio of opaque pixels to semi-transparent ones. The more transparency the blurrier. But I agree with the poster below that it is usually to much trouble and only worth it if your software is deep down in the stack. For example, if you are writing a text rendering system it would make sense for such tests but not otherwise. That sounds like a great idea and I've been looking for something similar to try and lose weight. But if you eat out a lot and the calorie count is not written on the menue, how are you going to record it? For example, if you order chicken with rice, that may be a fairly healthy choice except if there's to much cream and butter in the sauce. Eating healthy definitely is hard. Also can you link to the app? My google-fu is failing me. Really? Then couldn't one subsist by just eating one or two bars of chocolate per day and some vitamin pills? Or maybe a liter of coke per day would work just as well? It would be a very cost efficient way of eating as both candy and vitamins are cheap around here (well, not vitamins but a bottle of pills last a long time). I've always assumed that that wouldn't work which is why I'm skeptical to your "it's all about the calories" argument. Thanks! It's nice to be proven wrong sometimes. It's great to see all these new ideas in the db arena. But one thing I don't understand at all is why they diss the idea of having data integrity. Am I the only developer who actually likes working with relational data and do not think of a schema as a straight-jacket? Am I the only one getting burnt by MySQL and SQLite playing loose with types and silently coercing data almost randomly? Check constraints are also great and has saved my ass so many times. It's so much easier to debug a problem when the crash occurs when you are inserting the data than in a wrong calculation much further down the line. Postgres for example, allows you to create regular expression constraints which you could use to ensure that a text column only contains a valid variable name. Exclusion constraints are even better, if you have a table with allocations (date ranges, integer ranges, etc) you can check so that none of the allocations overlap. Plus about a million other ways you can constrain your data. That's the killer features for me. They have helped me debug problems so many times that I consider them almost essential to writing good web applications. So why does almost all new database projects seem to neglect them? I wish people would stop parroting that stupid lie. RMS is curently heavily involved in GNU Emacs development and has been for many years. Just check the mailing list sometime. > "lifting weights is much more efficient than cardio" That's news to me. Not saying it is wrong, but if it is a fact, it's one even reasonably informed people doesn't know. Studies ( http://jap.physiology.org/content/102/4/1439.long and http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/03/100311123639.ht... ) suggest that High-intensity interval training is an incredibly time efficient way to get in shape. Those questions may be good for grilling candidates, but it is not how one would sketch up a fantasy game irl. The right answer to all those questions are YAGNI and KISS. :) But those answers aren't valid so the questions seem to be rigged against the candidate as in "come up with a schema similar to the one I would have designed - not more complex than that and not more simple". I've seen way to many situations in which developers or other persons tried to design a complete schema in which every thinkable and unthinkable instance where covered. Which leads to an incredible amount of work implementing the application that is to use that schema. The more complex the schema, the more complex everything around it has to be which exponentially increases the amount of bugs. Designing applications "schema first" is a disastrous technique which will trigger the architecture astronauts in every developer. With your set of interview questions, you could very well miss a really skilled programmer because he or she understands that keeping stuff simple is hugely more important than not having denormalized data in the database. But look at how easy it was for Saddam to stay in power for decades despite a heavily armed populace. The Higgs Boson story will be very interesting to follow. What new physics can it generate and will string theory be able to adapt to it? Then we have Shinichi Mochizuki's claimed proof of the ABC conjecture that mathematicians will try to verify. I get the lose weight part, but what about influencing people? :) Oh, the problem with the Euro was that they raised prices everywhere where they introduced the new currency. What was previously 0.8€ becase 1€, 28€ to 30€ and so on. Economic power also moved from individual countries to the ECB in Brussels. If the US started using SI (Systeme International), it's not like you would be subject to a metric-controlling organisation in Paris. :) One important difference was how society was organised. Before agriculture, hunter-gatherer groups were collaborators. They depended on each other to put down game and gather vegetables. The more individuals in the group, the stronger they were. That's a completely different situation from a farming community in which its inhabitants are in competition to each other. The more farmers on a given area, the worse for each of them. They have to compete with each other over the arable land. I'd love to have it. It's something I would give up a big chunk of salary to get. But around here (Stockholm) it seems to be almost impossible to acquire. Either it is huge companies that have strict rules about it, or startups whose managers envision that the only way to develop is to have their developers sit tight and chat alot so that they can "teamwork" because that is how you become agile. There is also the implicit "if we can't see you working, you probably aren't" thought that is prevalent on many workplaces (even if few managers would admit to it) that makes flex time hard. The current trend in managing developers is to value "face-to-face time" and "being a teamplayer" above everything else (like competence) which makes flex time hard. Certainly, that is right for some developers but not for everyone. Not since I like using relational databases - MongoDB is the datastore of choice in nodeland and everything else is a secondary concern. Node's asyncronicity means very little to me since it is trivial to run a pool of fcgi server processes behind nginx and get parallelism that way. It's also hard to avoid "callback hell" consisting of anonymous functions nested X levels deep in what in another scripting language would have been nothing more than a few statements after each other. I heard "promises" could solve that but then I gave up because I don't want to use something that complicated just to implement basic control flow. I think Node definitely is the right tool for a lot of use cases, but for 99% of all web sites, it's not the right choice. It's ok if you like running raw queries. But there's no decent orm you can use to abstract away the sql. node-orm does exist, but is currently very much alpha quality and does not offer nearly as many features as other orms in other languages. Nope. I know about their existence but reasoned that if you need third party libraries for something as simple as sane control, flow then Node probably isn't ready. :) I'm planning to investigate them when I get time because they seem very interesting from a technical standpoint. Great story. Unfortunately, the API documentation and tutorial writing guilds went extinct decades ago and has never been able to return to Lispland. :) Actually my snide remark came from trying to find docs for Clojure libraries. :) Clojure Docs ( http://clojuredocs.org/ ) is alright for the standard library, API documentation ( http://clojure.github.com/clojure/ ) not so nice. But finding complete and updated docs for Compojure or any other of Clojure's web frameworks is impossible. Ironically, Noir ( http://www.webnoir.org/ ) seem to be the best documented of the bunch but it has been deprecated. It would be much easier to evaluate the offer if you told something about yourself. Just an anonymous gmail address isn't trustworthy enough. For example what marketing experience do you have and where are you located? If you live in Japan, you likely are not interested in a business project aimed at the Hungarian market. Hackathons is about as much about coding as clubbing is about dancing. People don't go to hackathons primarily to code (which they can do at home just as well), but to meet people. Isn't the idea to upvote useful and interesting comments? A message can be of value even if you greatly disagree with the content of it. This is a great initiative and I appreciate the effort. Myself, I'm too bad at helping people emotionally, but I wish you success in it. It's needed and useful. That's so incredibly cynical. Maybe I'm the only one putting favoring other attributes higher than physical looks? Or I'm just butt ugly and can't get any of the good looking ones? Here is an interview with them ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxtuZE5pOGA ). But after that they've been totally silent. Seems most people have a trouble with the number and the report because it is from Oxfam? The UN came out with a similar number years ago ( http://www.fao.org/Newsroom/en/news/2008/1000853/index.html ) $30 billion to end world hunger. Other NGO:s (which I'm to lazy to google) have come out with other figures in the same ballpark over the years. I.e if you yourself are not an expert on the global poverty problem then it takes more than "they are wrong" to refute their conclusions. The report is downloadable so just check the numbers yourself. The references makes it clear that the original figure is $175 billion spread out over two years and is produced by economist Jeff Sachs. His book "The End of Poverty: Economic Possibilities for Our Time" probably contains details on how it was calculated. The word "gypsy" is denigrating and they call themselves Roma. You don't call black people niggers, do you? It's kind of telling that you spent two days on an aid project for them without getting that. The discrimination against minorities like Roma and Jews in Hungary is severe. So it's not fair to blame all the problems on themselves. The world is full of successful narcissists and psychopaths. Not the most introspective types, so how do they do it? A better predictor for successfulness is how successful your parents was. That is the only theory I know of that can explain how George W Bush became president. Here is some of my code to parse html: tstamp >> arr parseTime - >> (this ! "href") &&& (getAllText >>> arr parseScore) - So yes, you do have to learn about arrow syntax in order to use HXT efficiently. For most newbies it is not an easy concept to grasp, not helped by the fact that HXT isn't a very well documented library.