> They pay VAT for sells in your country. It doesn't matter if it's consumer or a company paying the tax, the amount is added to the price. If you want them tax then increase that. VAT is tax for consumers, not corporations. > Why do you feel entitled to profits of the company that isn't based in your country? Because those profits are made from sales in that country, and every physical company selling in that country pays their taxes, just because Internet-based companies can avoid having a physical presence to perform their sales (Amazon still has warehouses), doesn't make them exempt from the same logic. Are you aware that "the government" changes every ~5 years and the majority of recent French Presidents and their parliaments have been on different political spectrums? There is no "they". So what Sarkozy's government was doing was radically different than what Hollande tried to do in the first part of his mandate (he rolled back quickly when he saw it's not making anything better), and it's also different than what Macron is doing. At least the last one is actively trying to improve on tons of things, including what you're bitching about - regulations. You're so far behind. They rebranded Lync to Skype for Business, which at least looked like regular Skype, trying to target younger people, but really sucked. Then they abandoned SfB and now we're on Teams, which imitates Slack and integrates SharePoint and all that shit, but works relatively well even if it's UX is pretty poor, there are bugs and it's cloud-only, contrary to the old SfB. GDPR and the California law inspired by it. And not everyone lives in the US. How much do you think it costs in USD for an app developer in a developing country to create an app, and how much is that $99/year as a percent of yearly income? > but they will still prosecute individual soldiers when they feel like it, e.g. Graner and England for Abu Ghraib, but obviously not for war crimes And were they brought to justice and sentenced for their crimes? No. A sham trial isn't sufficient for war crimes. Don't worry, nobody actually trust the FAA anymore. It will take decades to undo the damage. > The industry was very heavily regulated globally before Chernobyl and Fukushima, but look what happened Gross incompetence and huge design issues 40 years ago on one hand, and complacency+incompetence that required a huge natural disaster to pose a problem, and even then it resulted in less death and destruction than the evacuation, the natural disaster itself or your regular fossil fuel power plant? Not sure that's a good example. I'm sorry, but from a neutral perspective (i'm not American), but what's the problem here? He was(probably still is) a science denier or egotistical ( knew there was an issue but thought it won't impact him during his lifetime). Yes, he deserves for his house to burn down as a lesson, and if he had burned with it it would have maybe taught that lesson to other idiots in power refusing reality. Natural selection. No, the real problem with WordPress is security and code quality of plugins, of which you require a lot. You could have just used the same Hugo version as initially. It's a moving project and yeah, there have been a lot of changes, with some breaking ones (usually for good reason). How so? Incentivising people to help (via PR) is great. It's like incentivising people to donate blood or similar "everyone benefits" scenarios. (Yes, of course, blatant spam doesn't help anyone and is disgusting, I'm talking about in general) How are they different as long as they are not spam? Good contributions are good contributions and help, regardless if there's a crappy t-shirt or not in exchange for them Isn't it worst off? It's a meaningful contribution worse off. Do you take the same stance with people who are paid to make OSS contributions? At this point, as a non-American, i feel like you people accepting to have a credit rating system is ludicrous. It's fundamentally broken, has been exposed multiple times, requires gaming to work in yiur favour ("open a credit card as soon as you can, pay little things with it and pay it off immediately to beef up a good score") and brings nothing to you , the people. For comparison, in France, the national bank keeps a record of all loans anyone has taken. When you apply for a new loan, the bank will check with the national one your history, and decide based on that to lend or not, and inform the national bank of their decision. I suppose Americans can be afraid that "the government" will know their loan history in such a system, but it's not like they can't currently ask and het that information, and they're still more trustworthy than commercial companies that don't care about you ( their clients being banks and companies) or your data beyond their sales. But it's not like anyone on the US would dare to destroy a profitable industry. No, the FBI already said, "antifa" is not an organised group or movement, so you can't label an idea/ideal/goal "terrorist". Seems to work great in the US, where the nutjbobs with guns and "muh free speech" are at the forefront of fighting against democracy and defending the party and officials doing the most to harm it. And even if Google did do the same kind of shit with Android, it has an open source base, and there are distributions ( LineageOS to name one) over which Google has no control whatsoever. > The US Constitution does protect Americans from the federal government, though, far more than almost any Western nation Citation needed. ( And don't forget, there aren't that many federal Western nations, so the entire argument is close to nonsensical) > .com, .net, .org, .edu, and .gov are very much US-based and US-centric TLDs, .com, .net and .org weren't created as US-centric and it's a tragedy they are ( and it's an even bigger tragedy that .edu is US only). .org is widely used around the world though. Check out the Suez Canal, nationalising foreign assets is perfectly fine according to international law ( of course, subject to conditions). And what kind of imperialistic argument is that? A sovereign country managed to get rid of foreign control, nationalised foreign assets that were exploiting their natural resources and shipping off the the profits offshore ( the original concessions being given while Iran was under UK control), and they're the bad guys and deserve a bloody coup? Again, check the Suez crisis, that's not how the world works anymore ( most of the time). India is nuclear heavy, China has a serious nuclear focus and is actively decarbonising, so what are you talking about? Various African countries can be helped to pick/prefer carbon-free energy options. You can check out Drone.io. It's based around plugins, which are basically Docker containers which accept env variables for configuration and a volume with the code (which Drone clones from git). You can easily write custom plugins in any language you want, test them, and run them locally outside of Drone with little configuration. There are way too many CI tools out there, covering myriads of use cases and niches. Jenkins doesn't do anything better than any other tool. The Guardian. They're good quality, have great investigative journalism, and seem to care about things that actually matter ( e.g. environment and climate change, Panama Papers, Snowden, etc.) > There's wire transfers, but those are pricy ($50/transaction is normal Holy crap Americans are getting scammed ( for reference, bank transfers in the SEPA space are free). How the heck did N26 and others fail at such a broken market where the competition is stuck in 1995? Credit cards are rare and pretty much useless in most European countries ( and damn right unusable in the Netherlands for instance). Mortgages and car loans are pretty simple due to heavy regulation ( they have to show the total interest, how much you will end up paying in interest over the lifespan, etc.), what's there to learn about them? Air France at least explicitly warn you that it's to you to check entry requirements and you're on your own if you don't fit them. And do you read Islamists propaganda and "like" videos or photos of Islamist-inspired violent crimes ? That kind of matters, and its what one could call context and premeditation. I didn't watch the video because i don't want this type of nonsense in my viewing history and because the premise is inherently flawed. Socialism means something, and Nazi Germany and the NSDAP don't fit any of the criteria. Did the workers own the means of production ? Did the NSDAP even remotely move in that direction? No and hell no. The NSDAP worked closely with industrialists ( which helped finance their rise to power), destroyed unions, etc. Having a few national programs ( Volkswahen, the Autobahn, etc.) doesn't mean socialism. They were as socialistic as horses are fish. Yeah, they have two eyes, but that's about it. That's complete and utter bullshit. Germany's social programs ( including pensions and workers' insurance ) date back to Bismarck, decades before the Nazis https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_Socialism_(Germany) > As is well known, the Nazi state was not friendly, at all, to capitalists (in fact this was one of the main supposed problems with the Jews. Early on the enemy was "Jews and Bankers". Not exactly laissez-faire rhetoric ...) You might want to check out who bankrolled Hitler's rise to power ( industrialists like Thyssen) and what happened to them once he was in power ( they gained a lot of money ). > Like it or not, people were literally burning their neighbors alive in Cyprus and entire west was watching. They've been in peace for 40 years now because of Turkish intervention. Cyprus war ended 46 years ago. "in peace" about as much as the Korean peninsula is at peace. Turkey is illegally occupying Northern Cyprus, and that's it. It's not at war with the actual Cyprus, but you can't pretend everything is even remotely fine. Turks were brutally removed from most of the lands they brutally installed and settled themselves on. Population exchanges like after the Greco-Turkish war should have been done with all neighbors to avoid such nastiness in the future. Okay, Mosad hunting Neo-Nazis and Nazi apologists. The costs and risks involved in large scale power generation facilities isn't really fit for private companies and market competition. And when you add a market element to it, companies might cut corners to increase profits ( or minimise losses), and you certainly don't want that. Don't forget stuff like Chernobyl that drained the budget. That and the fact they had like 5 years of a head start. Far behind in terms of popular usage maybe, but IMHO it's far more advanced features-wise and it's probably more popular in enterprises. It's probably hosted in AWS' London region, so at least geographically it's within the borders of the country. I heavily disagree here. Python is a very flexible language that allows you to do all sorts of things, even if there's a preferred, pythonic way. Reading it can be very hard depending on who wrote it ( it's even worse if the person is very good with Python, because then they'd take non-obvious shortcuts ) Case in point, Golang. One of its raison d'être is because Python was too complex to control and make readable, hence a language that doesn't give you much choice and enforces good practices ( refusing to compile when you have unused variables or imports for instance). How is using AWS or Azure's managed RabbitMQ service lock-in? You can easily switch to someone else's managed service, or roll your own, since it's still just good old RabbitMQ. Out of the loop, didn't know reCAPTCHA became paid. After a quick Google search I can only see that the Enterprise version is paid,but v3 isn't. Can one still use v3 and not pay for Enterprise? Or post it on Reddit or Medium or whatever if you can't be bothered with a blog. Twitter "threads" need to die. But nobody would pay for it if there was zero or not enough to convert trial users content, so they needed lots of it to engage and keep users. > I do also appreciate the so-called experiments by the Chrome team, but my gripe is that they are implemented directly instead of hiding it in flags IIRC all of them start as flags, and there are tons of them available, most disabled by default. Most move up to stable and enabled by default after some time and testing and feedback though. > several European governments said that masks were not useful for ordinary people, For the very simple reason that there weren't enough masks for the people that needed them ( medical personnel), and the last thing you wants in such a scenario is for the public to freak out and fight over the already non-existing stocks. Plenty of governments were too slow to react ( with lockdowns/limitations, or planning), but to say all Western leaders failed is simply wrong. As someone who has eaten vegan pizza, no, it's not, it's an abomination. Just make a veggie/vegan lasagna instead... There is already implicit political control. If the US wants to ban X, or forbid encryption, it will impact almost everyone on the planet. Much less so if it were Afghanistan, of course. The EU has a funs that donates money and runs bug bounty programs for critical FOSS software it uses. It should be expanded to include more underlying libraries and lower-level projects, but it's a pretty good start and doesn't come with strings attached. Apples to Oranges. Google replicate and have roughly ~ 3 copies of your data, your 1TB hard drive does no such thing, has zero redundancy, isn't available from your phone, can't automatically backup photos from it, etc. That's just wrong and archaic. > You need to maintain the system and manage the full life cycle Do your vendors maintain your systems? Maybe, if you pay them well enough. > You need testing Because "enterprise" software is bug free. Just because someone sells you software and pretends they test, or even if they do actually, you still have to test in your environment. > You pay for all of the above Yes, either in manhours of employees or cash to a vendor. > There are very,very,very few world-case FOSS projects around (like: redis, clang, elasticsearch, linux, ...) that maintain themselves on an enterprise-quality level, so be prepared to upstream a lot of bugfixes yourself There are many more, and even stuff like Hashicorp's projects are at a better level than say Atlassian's crap in terms of "enterprise quality". > Where there's no money there's no priority Are you under the impression that just because you're a paying customer you're somehow a priority to the vendor? You can tell that to all the people with stuck feature requests or unanswered/unfixed bug reports. At least with FOSS you can actually take a look yourself if nobody else wants to. You're missing the fact that the M1 Macbooks are barely usable for anything else than browsing ( no Docker, no Adobe suite, etc.) and are the first generation. If they were too expensive even fewer people would risk buying them. As for build quality, have you actually used and seen a recent premium Dell or HP? The difference in quality is minimal. > Having build and push as part of the same job is frustrating and I view it as a sign that a CI system is built with the expectation of having everything happen post commit by shoveling money into a CI auto-scaler No, the idea is to build and push images you can test directly afterwards in the same conditions. With cache and such, build times shouldn't be too long Gitlab CI just runs shell commands, it's pretty trivial to pull the same image its using in the job, and run the same commands locally. If you have long CI times, that can hinder development productivity and should be improved as much as possible, or a local replica of the CI needs to be created. > And the government is currently passing a law that will allow the police to arrest anyone filming their intervention (journalists included That's blatantly wrong. Only if bthe intent is to harm the police officers, as explicitly stated in the law, and an amendment specifically excludes their police ID number from the protection. I'm sorry, but how on earth is the jedi contract any sort of meter for anything but the needs of the US DoD? Do you need what they need? Does anyone actually? Do they even bloody need it? GCP have no special government cloud service, unlike Azure and AWS, but they're more advanced in some niches ( containers, ML). Anecdotally i've never heard of anyone saying anything positive about Azure besides "it came with credits". Fundamentally it's an inferior platform due to less redundancy ( all AWS and GCP regions are composed of multiple zones, that's usually not the case with Azure, and as we saw a few months ago, even their whole auth is hosted in a single DC... Disgraceful) How so? With Google Cloud Run, you don't really interact with Knative or Kubernetes, so the underlying platform is a non-issue. "vote with your wallet" would say some purists. Wordpress hosting is expensive and overkill to do on AWS if you do it traditionalally. Add simply static or a similar plugin, whip up a script to upload the static HTML to S3, set up Cloudfront with good cache, and you're done. Your site is faster, more secure, cheaper and can easily run on a t3.micro for peanuts. Only gotcha is comments, but it's a solved problem ( disqus or any of the alternatives) and similar. Not really, it's Google's multiplatform, but mobile-first framework ( iirc desktop and web are still in beta and alpha respectively). Slightly different than React, which was web-first ( so JS, obviously) and then came to mobile. > It's really disappointing to see that Microsoft, of all companies, seems to have no interest in writing a native Win32 client for its own service And another one for macOS, and another one for Linux distros. Teams would have never become as popular if it was Windows-only, and doing frontend code 3 times for some slight advantages in speed and resource utilisation is textbook waste of money. And a tool like that doesn't get any advantage from Rust - manual memory management would just be a chore with no benefits, and Go's crypto library is pretty good ( no idea about Rust's) > it's worth mentioning that MCAS had nothing to do with flying the plane, only making it feel more like the 737NG to its human pilots Not entirely true, the original issue is that the engines are bigger and the center of gravity is moved forward ( because the 737's are too low), thus the planes tend to stall. MCAS is there to correct the stall so that they feel more like 737NGs, but the issue is forcing bigger engines on an obsolete design. Ubuntu LTS has a long-ish support period (5 years and 5 extra years on top for "extended security support") and isn't that different than Debian, just slightly ahead in some ways ( did you know that Debian's OpenSSH even in the latest stable, ships without options available since mainline OpenSSH 7.2 ( Include), while being on 8.2?). Oh please, you can't be serious? First, that $1200 server costs fixed money upfront, and then you pay per month for colo, and for internet, which usually includes a fixed bandwith cap or limits, with bursts which you pay for. So no, it's not fixed. Second, a server you have to maintain, harwdare and software-wise, is much more complex, and takes much more time, than a managed service. You want a database? Install it yourself, maintain it yourself, backup it yourself, monitor it yourself. And same with everything else. Third, there's zero redundancy in your "setup". If you want it with the most basic redundancy, you triple the costs (second server, extra networking equipment, etc.). Fourth, geo redundancy/distributedness? Please. Good luck if you have someone far away who wants to visit your site. Fifth, let's say you need to scale. Like, you get 10 more users today than you did yesterday, or you get featured on HN or Reddit or local news or whatever. F. You're looking at months and a lot of cash, upfront. "A big collection of bare-metal hypervisors" makes sense in some cases, but don't pretend it doesn't come with a non-negligible time spent maintaning it and requires significant upfront capital and man hours to do the same you get easily on a public cloud platform (databases, message brokers, object storage, etc. etc . etc. etc. etc. etc.). No it's not. In France companies pay ~1.5-2x gross salary in total, gross going to the employee ( some of it getting deducted by the state), rest going for health insurance, taxes, etc. > What struck me about all this is that Google doesn't actually have the ability to develop real desktop application. That's really weird, why wouldn't they want to have the best performing, most powerful applications possible on the desktops? Because they can't. Google as an organisation doesn't have the mental capacity and patience to do real desktop programs. Because it's a waste of very expensive time to develop native desktop apps in 3 different platforms? It's mobile first, desktop and web versions are in alpha, and it's not supposed to replace generic web apps. Retaliation for a cyber attack, with cyber attacks, sanctions, or military operations could set a dangerous precedent. Don't forget that the US and allies have been behind many cyber attacks, including against Russia and China ( and probably were involved with Stuxnet against Iran). Do you want Russia, China, Iran, etc. to retaliate against US cyber attacks? Because that's how you get an escalation. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyberwarfare_in_the_United_S... That's why GDPR includes personal liability for DPOs(Data Protection Officers) and chief executives, and requires the company have a DPO with no conflict of interest ( e.g. working under the CEO with bonuses based on stock price). > This discussion ( https://youtu.be/Q9s6YggbTk4?t=65 ) with Azerbaijan president summarizes really well Western democracy (or hypocrisy or lets invent a new name capitalocrisy Since when are Google, Microsoft, Apple, Mozilla examples of "Western democracy" ( as if that is some monolithic entity..)? They are private companies, and can do as they like within the legal frameworks they operate in. Of course everyone is impotent taking actions against big, powerful, rich, heavily armed, strategically important countries. Who can say anything to China, and even more mundane - Saudi Arabia, Turkey, ffs, USA, UK, France, etc. and try to impose it? War is out of the question ( your population would probably be against it, and attacking nuclear powers isn't really a good idea; for the non-nuclear powers, they're still heavily armed, so you're still looking at a costly military affair), and economic sanctions will probably be more crippling for your country than them, and will probably strengthen their dictators' position ( country X is our enemy and doesn't want us to succeed!). The UN isn't the world police, and can't be. It's based on all countries participating together, and complying to rules set together. The consensus can't work against countries with veto powers ( but they wouldn't have joined otherwise), or against dictators that don't care or can find a workaround/allies that will support them anyways, thus making UN decisions impossible or inapplicable. What do you think can any world leader do? Would you support your country, whichever it is, going to nuclear war against China to free the Uighurs and kill millions in the process? Would your fellow co-citizens when that means a crash of the economy, massive job loses, serious lack of all sorts of products, not to mention all the dead and maimed soldiers? If you think a trade war might work, it probably won't, and would still heavily impact the world's economy, with countries with debts to China and Chinese-operated companies/infrastructure being caught in the crossfire. Be realistic. The only thing that can stop China is China itself. > The network effect is real, but it is not the only effect. Twitter and other tech giants now think that their role is to protect the world from information they deem wrong Do you have any examples of anything "they" "deemed wrong" which wasn't factually wrong? And not "alternative facts" bullshit, regular, proven facts. Is the person you're responding to wrong? You can't just slap a conspiracy label as if that somehow makes what they said wrong It's not that hard to achieve, but the people with the power to do so have no interest. Set fixed spending caps on candidates and parties, or maybe even make their budgets government provided ( so that everyone is on an equal footing), criminalise spending over it and gifts to politicians and family members, and you're decently covered. When was that? Today the waiting time announced is 12-18 months, and personal experience, even with Covid and two lockdowns it took a bit more than a year. It depends. In France, most of the terrorist attacks were committed and planned by radicalised first or second generation "immigrants"(or descendents thereof). They don't feel French, they don't feel like the origin of their parents/etc. so they pick religion. > When transport leader Alstom decided to acquire Canadian transport bombardier , EU refused and forced Alstom to permanently shut down one it’s factory and terminate all workers to accept[1] Your own source says they're forced to sell one of their factories to a competitor to even out the playing field, not shut it down. Considering the future merged Alstom-Bombardier has a near monopoly in most EU markets, it makes sense to force divestment. Git LFS has been a thing for years. Git LFS can do that. Mailing lists are terrible to search through and navigate, at the very least. GitHub and Gitlab also implement some nice features such as auto-suggest ( to check if the subject has already been discussed) and smart linking. > Been dying to get back to a high quality RTS. Check out Paradox Interactive's games, they have one for most interesting time periods and are pretty entertaining. > When I'm retired, I don't want to be broke and penniless and I certainly wouldn't be thinking that the free healthcare I received was worth the amount I was scammed. > On what planet is healthcare worth many millions of dollars? It's not worth it. You're better off by any calculation in the US. Substantially so. You're missing pensions, which EU countries have, which mean in most cases you won't find yourself broke and penniless when you retire. And work hours, which are substantially less. And vacation time, which is literally multiple times more ( 5 weeks paid minimum in France for instance), and "unlimited sick time" ( it's sick there's even such a concept in the US). What good are your millions if you have to wait to retirement to actually use them, being too busy working 60 hour weeks? Or having to go into work sick? Or ffs, after the birth of a child? > It is hard to beat the economies of scale of a restaurant, as much as the "you only need to factor the cost of raw food" camp like to tell otherwise I'd be interested in seeing your math on the subject, and it probably depends on location and at what rate do you "bill" your time, but restaurants have a lot of overhead ( property, staff, taxes) that offsets economies of scale. Even without going all-in with cheap foods ( like rice or potatoes), I can't imagine eating out in similar quality and quantity being cheaper than cooking it yourself ( again, depending on how you count your time spent). Of course McDonald's cheapest items will be cheaper than making yourself lobsters, but that's not really a fair comparison. The difference is that usually ( certainly in the case of Paris) there's plenty of very affordable housing available in the suburbs with good transport connections to the city and some other suburbs. Housing is expensive in the city and some nearby suburbs ( mostly to the west and southwest), but less so the further away you are. Thanks to the RER train system even far away suburbs, with cheap or cheapish housing aren't that far away - e.g. i have colleagues with houses ( with big yards and two stories) in the 200k euros range south of Paris, in fancy-ish suburbs, and are 40-50 minutes from the office ( i live in a suburb right next to the city and i travel entirely by subway, and it takes me 50 minutes, because the subway is much slower). Depending on what you want though, it can indeed be very expensive - e.g. if you want an apartment in the city to profit from the night life ( after 1am the transport to the suburbs is only with buses and much slower), it is going to be very expensive to buy. And that's just for "regular" people. Each city in France is required to have a minimum percentage of social housing, to which you can have access ( including to buy) if you're below a certain threshold of income ( so on minimum wage, you're there). > It seems the average Big Mac meal is $6 these days. It provides approximately 1,000 calories, and the average person needs approximately 2,000 per day, so we'll assume you'll need to order two. That puts the food costs at $12 per person Yeah, i assumed so. Eating Big Macs is... let's say suboptimal. If you eat only that, you'll probably have all sorts of health issues. When counting actual food, fresh and with vegetables and all that, it's slightly more expensive than Big Macs. Around here, cheapest option for a decent actual meal is ~8-10/eur/person. > The average cost to install a kitchen is around $60,000 Seriously? In France fancy kitchens are at 10k, "starter" ( recommended if you're going to let or for first buy) are at 2k, everything included. I guess if you start from $60k, you need to cook quite a bit more to make it financially viable. And that's if you have close to no dietary or allergic restrictions. > Citymapper is so much better in Paris where Google Maps is very poor for public transport. I'm extremely impressed. > It can not only tell you which exit you need to take (extremely important in Paris) but also which car to board to be the closest to the proper exit or line change Google Maps has been doing both of these for at least a year now. > Multimodal routing is also extremely impressive. They properly implement the city bike sharing system including how much bikes and empty spots they are available at each station That one is pretty cool. If only the service wasn't massacred and rendered almost unusable :( ( used it regularly but had to buy a bike due to how often there would be broken bikes or bugs in their system. I think they lost a lot of customers with the provider switch, it was a complete disaster for more than a year and still isn't great). > The vaccines seem to be causing serious side effects. People are going into anaphylaxis (at higher rates than usual) with the vaccines. Bell's palsy, 105 degree fevers... This isn't like the annual flu shot, or getting vaccinated for measles, where you get the shot and that's it. Source? I'd had heard about very rare allergic reactions, but all the rest is news to me. How can people like you still exist and persist with their narrative of downplaying the pandemic? Is it "stealing" if its something unused and actually needed for basic life and decency by other people? > The first major VMware version which does not support the installable desktop client has a plenty good enough HTML5 version of the web client That's false. The old thick client stopped working with 6.0, which got a very poor, limited and extremely buggy HTML5 client in one of its latest updates. 6.5, latest update, has a somewhat usable but still limited ( missing features) HTML5 UI ( funnily enough some new features were only in the HTML5 UI, while some others were only in the Flash version). The first version that had a fully usable for everything HTML5 UI is 6.7 Update 3, which came out a few months ago. > Based on the average post you see on Hackernews, it's a virtual certainty he means "snooping on users of a program". I can't explain why, but it just bothers me that this would be considered so obvious as to escape mention. "Telemetry" means something, and it meant something to aerospace engineers for a long time before somebody at google started using it to refer to something incredibly narrow. Did you even read the post? It's obvious OP works at Datadog ( they mention it and mention the work is for their employer), so telemetry as in OpenTelemetry ( the new standard around metrics, traces and logs). > Then, on Jan. 20, the head of a Chinese government's expert team finally declared there was no doubt about "human-to-human transmission So the statement is true? It wasn't until the 20 of January that Chinese officials officially confirmed there is human to human transmission? How do you propose to do advanced dynamic and realtime graphing without a lot of JS? Adobe did. Dreamweaver, Animate kinda try to do the same It's a very different type of lock in. Chrome is based on the open source Chromium anyone can adapt ( sand said competitors, like Microsoft, do), and the vast majority of what it does is based on open standards. If tomorrow Google does something stupid with Chrome, like cutting off adblockers, you can bet your ass there are going to be at least 2 forks within a week. When Adobe did something stupid with Flash, you had and have zero options. Not OP but eBPF, Android ( phone, TV, auto) and iOS, ChromeOS, VS Code, Go, Swift, Powershell ( it's a terrible piece of software but a vast improvement for Windows), virtualisation, public cloud platforms ( virtualisation at huge scale with APIs), the Hashicorp stack, ZFS, LXC and later Docker, Kubernetes, Redis. Really? I've had no problems with regular Visa and MasterCard debit cards, while at the same time the in the Netherlands non-Maestros are barely accepted outside of ATMs, even in huge stores ( that's gotten better in the last 2-3 years). > France's naval forces are kinda weak and don't have power projection capabilities What do you think the Charles de Gaulle, Mistrals and FREMMs are for? As another person responded - based on your income and situation ( family, age, stability of the job) and very basic loan history ( stored at the central bank, basically for the lender to know if you have outstanding debts and if you've defaulted on loans before) Well until the issue is resolved you can't know how long you've been down for, so you can't actually update the uptime. > Signal is pretty indistinguishable from WhatsApp, FB Messenger, even the default SMS app. What about the UX specifically bothers you? That's part of the problem, all those you listed have poor to terrible UX and are just not great chat clients, Telegram is just better - in terms of speed ( compared to FB Messenger), features such as location sharing("where are you?", "Next to Restaurant XX " or "On the corner of A and B street" sucks, you can just share precise location via Telegram - a friend even sent me the location of a beautiful lake while on vacation because i was going in the area soon after), polls ( great for groups), message editing, search, stickers, gif integration, bots. I've used FB Messenger and Whatsapp extensively and Telegram is absolutely much better than both of them. > We have delivered "democracy" to many countries, whether they want it or not And that hasn't worked out well anywhere for the past what, 60 years?