A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals. Webtrak4.1 Profile for physcab.* "Buys K-Pop from Amazon.com" "Visits RedTube at least 3 times a week" "Spends at least 15 minutes in gay porn section" "Made campaign donations to Republican National Convention" "Attends Clivesville Baptist Church" * no this is not really his web profile. But this is the kind of things web bugs leak. And while your life my be so boring that it doesn't matter to you, may other people have information they would rather not share with every stranger on the net. Reminds me of the '90s when WinNuke and Smurf attacks ran wild. Remember one attack that caused our Linux boxes to panic, but I can't remember what it was called. It's not surprising that we're seeing stuff like this in v6. IPv4 has had the bugs hammered out from years of attacks, v6 not so much. http://blogs.computerworld.com/mac_os_x_java_fiasco_apple_st... http://www.the4cast.com/apple/apples-flashback-fiasco-what-r... 2 years apart, same outcome. Apple has a terrible track record of fixing bugs. As of so far it seems giving them a minute, week, or month has no difference. In the past other vendors have had issues with timely fixing their bugs or trying to squash disclosers, that's why lists like full disclosure exist to this day. And as the complexity of the documents increased the likelihood that some bug was written in to the interpreter increased geometrically . The thing is we had all the things you say are great, and in spite of this we have created the browser as an application environment. Evidently people don't want a document web. Adobe PDF and Word are evidence that document readers attempt to become web browsers with time anyway. >It's possible to build something without holes. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/10/proving_a_comp... I'm guessing you're planning on releasing your document viewer/OS sometime around the head death of the universe. In which time your program don't exist because your OS/Word processor business doesn't survive on the taxpayer teat. The problem is for businesses, most customers pay lot for features and new shiny and give a lot of lip service to the security part. The problem for open source is, most developers spend their time on features and new shiny , and the security ramifications are an afterthought. why have not other conscious beings 1. We are the first, or we are the first to get close to the singularity in our light cone. or 2. Generating energies or over coming the challenges of even traveling close to the speed of light is hard. or 3. Space is big. You just won’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it’s a long way down the road to the drug store, but that’s just peanuts to space. or 4. They have. No, it sounds like you are just an introvert. Since introverts are a smaller percentage of society, and they communicate less with others, it can easily seem like there is no one else like you out there. " Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment. " That's why going out in to society seems like a job to you. I'm not sure about the just fine. If you were not in a complete free fall you'd be smooshed (I'm guessing W = m · g is nasty at black hole gravities). I guess my question is how fast you'd be traveling by the time you got near/in the even horizon. Anywhere close to 'c' and things would look a lot different. The problem that you are missing here is one of history. The phone company you so quickly push people to use has a long history of monopoly and abuse (at least where I'm from, where the telephone was invented). For the longest time you could only connect blessed telephone company equipment to your line, nothing else was allowed by law. It wasn't until people fought back that we could even use acoustic couplers. The telephone company was government sanctioned, but it was still a private company just like Facebook is. So instead of telling people to take it, do like or predecessors and fight back. I'm pretty sure if this was back in the Ma Bell days, you'd be telling the crowd that 'Real Friends' send letters via post! Or, people can get angry and say "Hey Facebook that is shitty behavior, I reserve the right to go elsewhere.", and otherwise bitch to everybody and make news about it. In which Facebook can decide to stay with their course, or they can decide to back down. Just because you want to act passive aggressive about the situation, doesn't mean that is the best solution to the problem. A little bit of aggression can keep companies more in line. I cannot imagine a world where people just took whatever they were given silently. I do believe it would look something like slavery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses Ob. xkcd http://xkcd.com/1145/ See ALT text. At the time the cable was installed (72ish?) 230kV was a very high voltage cable. The type of cable that now commonly carries that voltage underground is HV XLPE http://www.fujikura.com.sg/hv_xlpe.htm At the the maximum voltage over XLPE was 110kV. Sticking 2 of these cables side by side would have other interesting effects. http://www.emfs.info/Sources+of+EMFs/Underground/multiple.ht... It appears oil and paper systems are still used, but I don't think they use the high pressure oil system like the one in the paper. http://www.hitachi-cable.com/about/publish/review/__icsFiles... Ecology is the scientific study of the relationships that living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. An ecological fallacy (or ecological inference fallacy) is a logical fallacy in the interpretation of statistical data where inferences about the nature of individuals are deduced from inference for the group to which those individuals belong. This is anecdotal, but I'll posit it anyway. I did network administration for a number of title companies, mortgage lenders, real-estate agents, and other assorted firms involved in the selling and buying of houses between 2004 and 2011. Most of these people were what you would consider hard working honest employees, but due to perverse incentives helped in their part of making all of this worse. I saw plenty of lenders have the client flat out lie about their income. It didn't seem to matter, the banks rarely rejected the loans if the paper looked good. The better you lied, the more sales you got. If you were totally honest, people heard that it was hard to get a loan or closure from your firm and would head to others. At the time there was seemly no risk, it wasn't till after the financial crash that I heard of any arrests over paper manipulation. The problem is the people that have the data now are going to be very shy about releasing it. It will show fraud by the buyers, possible fraud by the lenders, poor research by the big banks. By the time the crash came it was a game. Interest only loans? You've got to be kidding me. At a murder scene, evidence is how one determines the cause and the killer, but if your killer has means he can manipulate that evidence. The issue we have now is that the murder (banks) are the group holding all the evidence. They don't want it looked in to, it would show they were an accomplice. It is great when you first start teaching someone about SQL. The fact that SQL injection even exists shows that data validation and separation of 'code' and 'data' must be one of the first things learned about SQL. Why, because the proper use of analogy give insight to how things work where it was not before. Telling the robot analogy to a person bagging parts in a warehouse would make a lot of sense to him. Just saying 'security attack' and his mind will probably wander off in imagination of ninjas and pirates kicking in the door, murdering everybody, and running off with all the products. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observable_universe#End_of_Grea... Up to the largest scales the universe is randomly clumped/stringed/voided. And when the day comes that available labor far outstrips the demand for labor? Your skill may be in demand, but how many will be willing to do the job at subsistence rates? Will the day come when 10s of millions (billion even?) of people be made redundant by technology? What will they do to eat? How will nations and societies deal with this? Grind the unemployed in to Soylent Green?, grand social welfare programs?, war? I always liked this fictional story about it. http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm "When the people shall have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich." --Jean-Jacques Rousseau http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig5/mercola23.1.html "When you sleep, your body’s internal temperature actually drops to its lowest level, generally about four hours after you fall asleep. Scientists believe a cooler bedroom may therefore be most conducive to sleep, since it mimics your body’s natural temperature drop." You rarely hear of Google outages http://techcrunch.com/2012/12/10/gmail-experiences-a-widespr... ,or iTunes http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/11/19/itunes-match-down-... ,or Youtube http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/technology/2012/10/youtube-goes-... Everyone goes down, but EC2 has been buggy as hell from what I can tell. And before everyone says Netflix should `just` move or add more bandwidth... http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/technolog/netflix-uses-32-... They represent a huuuge amount of bandwidth usage! The city I live in is building strip malls at an insane rate while the existing ones have a higher vacancy rate then I have ever seen. A few at the best locations will fill most of the slots, but the rest might have 50% capacity. Who is loaning money for this? Do they think that this capacity will be filled at some point in the distant future? but I don't think that removing gradients and drop shadows necessarily results in designs that "scare users away." Try using Office 2013. It's white and flat (even flatter in Win8 over Win7, you lose refrence to what the 'tools' part and the data part is. It is not inviting at all, unless you dig in to the options and try to put some slightly different colors/textures on it. It allows you to move the computer to your data. There are lots of places where power can be an issue (solar collection only), a full 'computer' would take up a lot of power and space. A micro like this would allow you to process signals on site and only send back 'important' information over potentially limited bandwidth. The device is inexpensive and generic, so you can program it do to what you need, there are many custom devices that do what this board can, but they are either expensive or fixed function. I find it pretty common given a list of foods that I like, the one with a good picture is the one I'll most likely order. Having more pictures may or may not benefit the restaurant though... Use of a few pictures now could lead customers to buy a higher profit item, or an item that is much easier to keep in stock in large amounts. Use of pictures for all items means that the customer will likely expect the food to the table looks like the item in the picture. This could cause some issues with different cooks or item substitutions. At the rate the requests are growing there is no way to see if the requests are legitimate. This allows the DMCA to be used as a weapon against sites that are not infringing anything. http://techflap.com/2012/10/microsoft-sends-dmca-notices-to-... Follow the money and the established players and you'll see why. The best data I would suggest looking at is American news. Correlate Egypt with African news and then again correlate Egypt with Middle Eastern news. American news will tend to display stories related to Egypt's interactions with countries such as Israel, Iran, Iraq, and other Asian countries lumped together under 'middle east'. The next most common news grouping for Egypt would be Mediterranean, dealing with with countries such Libya politically and then in vacation destinations around the sea itself. Very little broadcast news in America is about countries outside of the Mediterranean and Middle East influence. You don't hear much about Egypt's and Sudan's relationships unless you tend to go looking for it. Contrast that to Egyptian and Israeli relationships. With the advent of the Internet changing the way we view and seek out news our will change our generalizations of geography greatly over time. But to understand the generalizations we have now in the 30's and up age group, replaying the 'Nightly News with Tom Brokaw' would lead to great insight. The correct use of caching can dramatically improve the performance of websites. Also knowing how to keep certain pages from ever being cached can be important too. //php do not cache header('Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, post-check=0, pre-check=0, s-maxage=0'); Recently I was dealing with someones crappy hand rolled PHP site that had terrible image performance. The images were being called from a database and had no-cache set?! While moving the images out of the database would most likely be the best thing to do, it was not worth the effort in this case. The images almost never change, old id's would be removed and new added. I modified the script that output images to send a s-maxage header of a sufficiently large value and put a instance of Varnish in front of the server. Server load dropped dramatically, response times dropped dramatically, and the maximum amounts of clients the server can withstand increased greatly. Proper use of caching, either between your server and the database, inside your application, and between your server and the client can greatly reduce hardware requirements and response times. In finalizing your application before full deployment always validate your http headers to your clients are doing what you expect them too. On 3ware(LSI) controllers you can schedule a 'verify' task to run on a schedule. I do believe it is on by default, but I could be wrong. It is good to tell admins about this being that an uninformed one may turn the settings off without realizing what can occur if it is disabled. R.I.N.A.B Raid Is Not A Backup! Oh, and your raid controller should monitor for smart errors and you should seek to replace disks when you start seeing sector rewrites. Of course Microsoft software is worth every cent (dollars many of them) that Microsoft thinks it is, the question here is, 'Is public debate of Microsoft's sales to the schools of Greece up for public debate?'. Microsoft certainly wants to be a sole supplier on a privately discussed contract. If I were trying to maximize my profits, I'd want exactly the same. Talking about Warren Buffet http://www.wtop.com/164/3176295/Manassas-News-Messenger-prin... "The Manassas News & Messenger is no more. The paper printed its final edition after 143 years of covering the news...." "All employees lost their jobs, and 72 other jobs have been cut in the company." If I had to think of anti-virus I would trust the most it would be this. The computer would reboot in to a maintenance mode where it would boot in to a check mode. Hopefully off the network or some other source that couldn't be altered by a virus/malware. The check mode would checksum all executable content and update its database, reporting all changed and added files. It could also check for known out of date executable files. All files would be checked against a A/V database too. If nothing fails the computer reboots back to the OS, else it is halted until repaired. This still has two risks I can see, one is the BIOS is altered and subverted there. The other is non-executable content runs transient programs that do not survive reboot. If you run windows 7, then stop wasting time and upgrade to 8. If you run 7, stay on 7. If you're getting a new computer, don't fear 8, though it will take a little time getting used to. If you have a corporate office and will be replacing 500 pc's, you better do some tests with your users before you even think about 8. Unix variants and Windows solve their problems very well Maybe, maybe not, I think the bigger issue is the development cost it would take to get to Linux/Windows standards would be huge. This is why we have one Intel and AMD has to fight like hell to stay alive. Most sites suck because they want seemingly random passwords that are hard for people to remember. Most sites seem deathly afraid of spaces too and want relatively short passwords. While many sites would think this is a good password "x5tRwz3m" Length: 8 Strength: Weak. Entropy: 36 bits. Charset Size: 62 characters Is impossible for me to remember. A easy to remember mixed (seemly, but not random) password like that is much easier to generate and use in a off-line dictionary attack. "I like Microsoft's login page." Length: 30 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 147.3 bits Charset Size: 73 characters is a sentence and people are pretty good at remembering them. Add in a tiny bit of complexity "I like M?icrosoft's login p!age." Length: 32 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 163.5 bits. Charset Size: 83 characters. It is exceptionally unlikely that a cracking attempt will reveal that password and that some other type of flaw will be needed to reveal the password or gain access to the account. What percentage of Firefox users use adblock or something similar to filter themselves out of stats like this? I know that just about everything stat is filtered out by noscript or adblock on my installs. The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php Other tools also... https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm http://www.passwordmeter.com/ The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php How would an attacker know what the first letter is? Yes an attacker can guess if sentence passwords are used that (a|A),(the|The),and (i|I) would be very common starters but after that the bigger search space complicates things. https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm Read the sections on entropy and padding. Just using sentences alone does present attackers the ability to use an encyclopedia attack, but a few randomly placed symbols (padding) turns the endeavor back in to an exhaustive search. http://easylist.adblockplus.org/en/ Easylist+Easyprivacy cuts out the vast majority of analytics sites. Ob. SMBC http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2761#c... My name is "Robert'); DROP TABLE Students;--" https://xkcd.com/327/ How lead is chemically similar to calcium? They are on opposite... Then you go on to explain how lead is like calcium in its bioavailability, so in relation to the operations of a human body, lead is chemically similar to calcium (only dangerous). http://brain.oxfordjournals.org/content/126/1/5.full For example, lead’s ability to pass through the blood–brain barrier (BBB) is due in large part to its ability to substitute for calcium ions (Ca2+) While in jr. high and high school I helped my father with his business. I saw all the same 'U R SPESHUL' crap dumped on kids and laughed it off. In the working world you have to 'pass' or you may not have cash for dinner. Failures are very common in the real world. You may not make the big sale you were expecting. The company you work for may go out of business. All kinds of things go wrong, raising your children to be resilient is more important then shooting for success. This also means you have to allow your kids to suffer the consequences of their failures too. You don't want them to get hurt, but if you save them from themselves every time, you've taught them that mommy/daddy will bail them out whenever they need it. I guess that means there is only a market for one lathe[1] and one milling machine[2] since when you buy one, you can then make your own. Anyway, a universal machine maker would likely run of nano technology, and once we reach that level of technology, all bets are off. The game changes and suddenly a lot of businesses are buggy whip manufactures. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lathe [2} https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milling_machine I'm sorry, did you not happen to read that page? I remember a site on MacOS vs Windows dialog boxes from way back in the late 90's, a time in which many confusing UI patterns abound. It's too bad it's still not around as it is a great guide on how to display the question to the user correctly. It went on to display a few common(windows 95 I think) dialogs that would leave most users confused. Then showed the Mac dialog in similar operations where it was very clear what the intended outcome of each button would be. 1. Case the stores camera policy and times that loss management comes and leaves. 2. Watch for lazy employees. 3. Load up a shopping cart (20 bottles would fit, be pretty heavy. 4. Push cart out door. I've seen some pretty brazen theft before. A gas station down the road from me lost a large display of cigarets when two people walked in picked it up and carried it off when the cashier was dealing with a flooding toilet (most likely caused by them before a short time before). Collect empty bottles and fill them with cheap blue stuff, put a layer of real tide on the top for the smell and viscosity. Probably already is. What is it that has changed for the worse? More equality for women? That has improved. Access to abortion? That has improved? Domestic abuse and assault in sexual relationship? Are there any good statistics on these trends? Courts upholding child support agreements with force of law. Don't pay your child support and see what happens. The reason something may appear broken with modern relationships is the fact we are looking at them thru historical perspective, when it was much less likely a person could survive and raise children while not married. The fact is so many things have changed (at least in the U.S. where I am) in the last 50 year the chain of causality is likely impossible to unwrap. I couldn't post to one of the children under you, so I'll post here, agreeing with you. http://www.japanese-buddhism.com/giant-pink-penis-festival.h... The Japanese have had a penis festival since the 1600's. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maypole#Scandinavia "The central part played by young children in the celebration emphasize the procreation aspect of the celebration" We've had celebrations and representations of sexuality throught history. The Romans took to this a climax (pun intended) http://www.mariamilani.com/ancient_rome/Ancient_Roman_Orgy.h... Interesting thing is in most of these historical cases, there is a strong authoritarian push to stop these festivals to keep from corrupting people. This is the wheel of history coming around again. You 'Can'. The issue is Microsoft doesn't think you should (I believe you have to use a VL). As for Windows VMs, I've found if you keep what is presented to Windows stable, it doesn't know the difference. Keep the MAC address on the network card static (this means you can't run two copies on the same network at the same time, which by the license you shouldn't anyway). After running on a number of different processors Windows may want to reauthorize though. It would not be surprising if they put code that detected a VM in Win8 and Office 2013 some time in the future (or it's already hidden there) -Yeah, maybe have chemical sensing devices with air intakes at floor level to screen for bombs on shoes, Good idea, that way you can f'up a few hundred peoples day by spilling a 'coke' on a busy path way. And by coke I mean some benign chemical that is none the less detected as explosive precursor by the machines. Reflections of the shockwave/sonic boom off of other solid objects. Echos pretty much. In Russia it's hard to say, but in the U.S. I recommend that if you operate a commercial vehicle that you install one. If you operate a business and have people driving for you, you can review the footage and get rid of the problem employees before they cost you a million in insurance losses. After installing a system for a transportation company reviews of the tapes showed that 75% of the drivers were talking on their cell phones. They had a company meeting and showed a compilation video of all the phone video, even though it was now against federal law to do so. After that point drivers stopped using the phone while driving. As the driver the camera is a mixed blessing, if you cause the accident, you've created your own evidence against yourself. If you the owner, it makes it harder for the employee to lie about what occurred if they were in the wrong. http://januscam.com/index.php/products/dual-camera-janus-v2 I've installed these in taxis. They have outside/inside cams (to make sure the occupants aren't pointing a gun at the driver). They have a wireless 2.4ghz wireless upload to upload the files when the car gets to home base. And they show telemetry, speed, gps, and impact/vibration. They are for commercial purposes so they are probably out of the price range of most people ($400 I think). They may laugh now, but you'll laugh in the end. Two cameras in the same unit. It's pointed at both. Why should mobile apps be any different from any other kind of software? A few popular apps tend to dominate the market and the rest just fill niches. "We're just talking about what ads get served, for the moment." Tools can have more then one purpose. Java might be the best programming language since Sliced.bread and the Wheel# but if its VM and plugins are constantly having exploits found in them, it's a Serious Fucking Problem. The portable document format might be a good way to exchange documents, but the most popular viewer is a huge (commonly exploited) attack surface. The point is call your viewer, VM, or pluging something other then the name of the language so when it is found to be totally lacking security it doesn't reflect back on the language. Really the point should be to write your software correctly. My friends have used game cameras for a number of years now. They give video to the game wardens to document the number of wild hogs and their travel patterns on their property in the river bottom. The number of hogs around here is mind boggling, they are encroaching farther and farther into large cities. I type at least 60,000 characters before inserting a line break. I joke, but I've seen some php before that was at least 600 chars before line breaks, I have no idea how they wrote it like that. http://hashcat.net/oclhashcat-lite/ 2800M/s SHA1 hashes on a ATI HD 7970. vs http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11298184/about-how-fast-c... PBKDF2 is still very much harder to crack then SHA1 with any reasonable length of salt. It is the second time I fear. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect Me too. What varies my speed in fiction reading (beyond plain badly written fiction) is the level of detail the story forces my mind to create to envision it. In a fiction book I really enjoy I'll spend more time 'dreaming' it then reading. I think another way to test to see how well someone speed reads is to have them pick out a concept out of non-indexed data. If someone speed reads beyond their ability they will skip over it, if they are not a speed reader it will take some time for them to find it. I'll assume you meant ads :p As an avid user of Firefox+Adblock I don't know what you are talking about, I don't see any ads at all. I do see a lot of terrible fonts, colors, and typesetting though. Funny, in the future there will be adults that have never lived in a world without Google. Instead of the word 'Google', just say fast, well indexed internet searching. It depends where you were. In a university or large business you could go to where the other computer people were and ask, or go to the library, and if you were lucky maybe a BBS where a few experts were. If you had the right contacts you could pick up the phone and call someone (god long distance was expensive back then). Things didn't occur at the rate they do now. You might have to push a problem out for a week or two to get an answer, or maybe a manual shipped via mail. That, or you pissed around and tinkered with something till it worked by yourself. Since Google is written by programmers, it's a very good search engine for finding stuff about programming. I'm sure there are medical publications and search engines related to the medical field, and that 'Good' Doctors will quickly use them when something falls outside of their memorized knowledge. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/04/health/quest-to-eliminate-... Note: there is a diagnostic program named Isabel that would be the Google equivalent. My friends daughter was born with a lung disorder that showed up in the first week after leaving the hospital. The local hospital almost killed her in incorrect diagnosing and panic and she was emergency flighted to Childrens. Two of the doctors there quickly came back with a preliminary diagnosis of congenital lobar emphysema after a few internet searches on the symptoms. They had printed what information they could find off of a few websites at the time. Based on that they talked to surgeons that had experience in the field and within a day the surgery had been performed and all was well. What I see is 3 information tiers. 1. You should know this off the top your head to be a professional. Common information, kind of like daily use of your first language. 2. Information that is not common or you shouldn't be expected to remember because of its rare usage. The type of information this thread is about. 3. Information you make, what you state at the end of this thread. > I expect some people to never ever leave XP, because they'll have one little activex control that their entire multibillion dollar operation runs on, What about the expense of the Chinese/Russian/Whatevercountry hackers totally owning them because they use IE6? Wow! Someone at the ISC has finally learned what Unix means. I've not used Bind for years after being burned by it's security issues back in the 90's. The 'one big monolithic' program was a terrible idea. I had used DJB dns for years, even with its shortcomings in areas, the modular design caused a bug or security issue in one area not to kill the entire system. Hopefully with bind 10 we'll be able to use user separation (or at least enough selinux) to keep each program in its own security 'domain'. He falls in to a trap of knowing machine behavior, but not dealing with people behavior. Insanity #2: I need somebody to talk to when a service interruption occurs You hear about an earthquake in California, you call your aunt to make sure she is ok. You are getting bad weather in the area you live, your mom calls and checks on you. The server you use disappears off the internet and your providers status page hasn't been updated for a week, you '...'? When something goes wrong, it's not an event that effects everybody (even if it is), it's an event that effects you. As long as humans are still involved in the purchasing and managing of servers you'll always need someone to call and yell at/be soothed by. I don't think it's useful in a technical sense, but it did catch my eye so much that I scrolled up and down a few times to watch it. Take that and stick it on a client demo and you might help secure another sale. Being that IPv4 addresses are something that's having a bit of a shortage these days, it's not at the top of the list of things to worry about. That said, if you're one of the few that has IPv6 access, this could turn in to an issue pretty quick. I would think that an impact of mars by this body would delay any further plans of visiting mars for a while. The level of atmospheric dust would be... tremendous. I wonder if 'backsplash' of rocks and other material would pose a threat to the mars orbiters? Because most bells are not clear (transparent), and language can be interpreted many different ways. Take the classic sentence "Snoptic, go help jack off a horse." Most people would assume you meant "Go help Jack, [get down] off of a horse." Throw a lawsuit, some lawyers, and a village idiot in there and you may find you are contractually obligated to masturbate a large domestic animal. No, not because they are a start up, but because it's really damn easy for $random_internet_user to get compromised and not realize it. Did $random-user share his dropbox email with someone else who was compromised? Did $random-user save his dropbox email on a large service (like Yahoo), which he had compromised? Did $random-user not update Java, Adobe, Windows, etc and have his machine compromised? Or in some other way leak information? I'm not in any way excusing Db, but uncritically blaming them without other possible scenarios seems just as asinine. Of course, every password should have a large individual salt to prevent rainbow tables. A hidden salt that is used across all passwords is useless on a public service, because that becomes the password to hack. The attacker takes an account that has a known password and brute forces the salt from that. Salt and hash are good for protecting well chosen passwords, but because the speed they can be processed mean the hacker can try billions of different passwords a second. These days choosing a cryptographically hard (memory hard) is the best bet to extend the time from a breach to password discovery so the majority of the users can change their password. With publicly creatable accounts by the potential hacker, a pepper is just another password. Leaving identifiable bits in the hash makes it easier to do things like if pass_type ($1$) { on_logon $upgrade_to_pass_type$6$) > At worse, you slow them down a bit, allowing you to do things like mass-email everybody affected. If you ever know at all. Better to use 'not fast' hashes like bcrypt, scrypt, or PB(something) that requires far more work and far slower cracking. Well, salt being common (now, not historically) is probably sourced close to production to reduce its transportation costs. There is a large salt mine within 35 miles of my house, and they are located all along the gulf coast in salt domes, a by product of oil exploration. A sturdy fence helps, but it also costs too. The biggest issue is this guy... http://www.backyardchickens.com/a/raccoon-chicken-predators-... Racoons are very sharp creatures and can open cages and pens that aren't designed well. If your wire mesh is too large and your chickens stay close to they edge they will lay wait and grab them thru the cage. I'm assuming pretty much every other egg laying bird has the disease, even many egg laying reptiles (keeping snakes out of the chickens house is never any fun). U.S. has the FDA so food regulations tend to get applied equally across the country, even if it doesn't make sense. I'm sure most the taste is determined by the feed, which is mostly a common ground up mixture. 'Yard eggs', where the chicken doesn't not eat a diet of %100 feed can have a different taste and yolk color. DIVX V2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DIVX (note: not the video codec) OR "How to make your product fail by ignoring the failures of the past" (Piracy is free, Apple is easy, lets make are products hard to use and expenive in this market) In both cases (UV and the building) is there were plenty of successful designs that could have been copied from. It's even sadder in the case of UV that there must have been no end user testing before shoveling this out on the customer. Add on the entire website seems designed to extract information on Facebook accounts so they can keep tabs on you, it's obvious that none of this is about customer satisfaction or usability, but about new ways to monetize the customer and give them as little service as possible.