I have to say that "graduated from MIT" is far more impressive to potential employers, investors and co-founders than is warranted, IMO. And I say this as an MIT grad. :) Being no dummy, I dig through my nightstand to find and wear my brass rat (MIT class ring) approximately once every 5 years, when I need a better shot at one of those things. Otherwise, no one I know cares, though half of our top technical leaders are from MIT. I also look at the recruiting efforts my current company (startup in early 200x, now decidedly not-startupy, public, and $500+K in annual revenue): we bias heavily towards "top" CS schools when doing college recruiting. We've gotten some absolutely fabulous candidates from "second tier" schools and we naturally recruit there every year, but if you come from MIT, you get a full 25% (estimated) better chance right from the start of the interview. For my own account (plural of anecdote not being data notwithstanding), despite being a pretty strong candidate, I strongly suspect that my current lot in life is based more than 50% on my attending (and not even spectacular results at) MIT, and as a result, I give heartily every time they call for alumni donations. Employers and founders: MIT isn't all that special. So called "second tier" schools also have some extremely capable potential employees, and individual talent, motivation and drive is FAR more important. High-school students: If you have the choice between MIT and $200K in debt and a state school with a full ride, and you're pretty sure you're going to work in engineering for 20 years, definitely go to MIT. Right or wrong, that name opens doors, and I believe I've done a lot more interesting and lucrative work than I'd have been able to do from the full ride I had offered to me at UMCP. As an MIT grad, I'm a lot less impressed with the brass rat than most people who are in a position to help shape your lot in life. If you're going to found 5 startups in the hopes that one will be a solid success, save the $200K and invest it in your startups. If you're going to go work for someone else, even just for a while, you'll have no problem paying off your student loans from MIT, or any other top school, IME. Sure it does, but if you're working hourly, you're still making the same total $, working the same hours, just over more projects. For me, while I do love coding, my side projects truly are a means to an end ($$ to put in a home theater, or take a trip, or do whatever else I want to do). Hidden in your question is the kernel of why fixed-bid is better when your skills (in terms of lower hours-expended for a finished-system) are better than your competition, and you can sell it. Now, all that said, I'm wrapping up a fixed-bid (~$25K) side project where scope creep is killing me on my (effective) hourly rate. It's still fun; I'm learning a lot about things I don't do in my "day job" and I'm almost certainly going to get more work from this client if I want it, but I made the mistake of bidding fixed-price with some assumptions about the scope that were ludicrously off. (My fault, not the client's, and I'm eating it. If the work weren't fun, it would be an extremely bitter taste...) I'm still in favor of the fixed-bid (as it makes the sales job much easier), but watch scope creep. One last important point: if you are bidding fixed because you are a great coder and a poor salesman, your lack of sales/negotiation skills may be an issue when the client thinks something was in scope and you think it's out of scope. If this is a possibility, figure out your strategy ahead of time, or you'll end up doing the feature "for free". I have to disagree with some of the thinking here. In my view, TIME is your most valuable resource, and anything that isn't a core competency you want to get out with as little investment of time as possible. TWO DAYS of hacking spent (squandered?) building your own phone system? Really? Unless you have significant staff, how can that be remotely a reasonable return vs just using cell phones? Many of the other suggestions are good ones, but don't get caught in the trap of "Just because I can do XXX which will save $Y, that I obviously should." If your core competency has something to do with phones, by all means hack away on your phone system. I'm not sure that's so clear. Suppose we say $200K is the "6 figure salary." That's getting paid for 6 years of work right now, and even if you have to put in 12 months at the acquirer to fully vest the $1.5mm, that's getting paid $1.7mm for a year of work (reckoning from this point forward). I'm not saying that's a slam-dunk deal, but it's a far cry better than 1/5th that amount... I doubt anyone will do jail time for this, if even any laws were broken. And if Porsche settles for the maximum 1 million Euro fine, that's not even 1/1000th of the profits they made on the backs of the shorts. It's not like their aspiration to takeover VW was any kind of a secret in either the auto or finance worlds. Frankly, I have no sympathy for market speculators who got reamed here by shorting VW. I do have some sympathy for people who were short the DAX index as a broad-based hedging strategy and got trapped by the leap in the DAX. Then again, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent" is a true today as it was 75 years ago. (I originally tried to keep this short. Epic fail.) I don't want to sound unsympathetic, as you seem to have an actual medical condition that's substantially impacting your life. At the same time, I want to point out a few things that really struck me reading your post, as I don't think mindless sympathy is the ideal approach to helping others. (Asperger's has its upside, too... :) ) "essentially told by HR that I was obligated to comeback full-time" BS! Indentured servitude has long ago been outlawed in the US, and while my company generally tries hard to get our good interns to come back full-time, HR doesn't phrase it as an obligation. "my girlfriend of 8 years (seriously, we had been together since we were 16) had just left me because I was exhausted and working all of the time" There's an awful lot of relationship "turbulence" in the mid-20s, and it's awfully hard to pin a breakup to a specific root cause, especially when it's fairly vague. "I'm actually afraid to get another job." Why? For a good coder, they're everywhere, easy to get, and pretty handy for paying the bills. There's an substantial chance that your prior employer is just a grind 'em up and spit 'em out crappy employer, though it's hard to say from only hearing your side. But if it really was "your employer's fault", then getting another one has a substantial chance of fixing a large part of what you are complaining about. (And if it was really "your fault" (see below), getting another one gets you that one step closer to figuring that out too, so that you can change that.) I'd offer a couple pieces of advice: 1. Take responsibility for choosing your own path. Don't let HR tell you you're obligated to come back. Don't work for crappy employers. 2. Don't "double down" on your limitations. Given that you have a legitimate medical condition, don't tie other aspects of your life to that condition. Don't blame a failed relationship on it, etc; otherwise, you're liable to fall into a victim mentality, which regardless of whether or not there is a true linkage, doesn't help you to make thoughtful choices in your life. 3. There are plenty of employers out there for good hackers, and I've worked with people with far more messed up sleep/work schedules than you, and I'd hire (some of) those people with nothing more than a phone call telling me they were available. If hacking is the one thing you love doing, do that. Going to academia, or anything other than hacking, is a cop-out. Go get another job hacking, and if that doesn't work out, go get another job hacking, and repeat until you find one that makes you mutually happy. If you get to 4 or 5 and find that you're still "0 for", then think about whether there are other root causes, and whether you bear more responsibility for some of your challenges than you are currently admitting to. You need more data. You came to HN asking for it. IMO, you really need more data about YOU and how YOU will handle your life responsibilities, and while you can ask HN how people here handle their lives, ultimately, it's going to be a lot more productive to find YOUR answers in YOUR mirror. "Worst kept secret" approximates "public information" at the limit. It took me less than two seconds to figure out how to use two companies to get to 100x, or three companies to get to 1000x, etc, etc. Thinking as a libertarian, the key is to eliminate the government prop for the losers. People involved get the implied government/judicial prop of bankruptcy protection if they need it, but otherwise, let them fail, let the failures cascade as they will, and get on with the healing/repair/rebuilding as soon as possible. Sure, I agree that it sucks that someone might have an employment agreement that suggests they are owed a stream of the future profits of a company in the form of a private pension, and if that company fails, they won't get that pension payment. So what? That's like me betting my buddy a billion dollars on a coin flip and then the winner trying to collect the bet from a third party (the government is nothing more than a series of third parties acting collectively). "But I had an agreement and I was counting on that money to live in retirement?" True, but not the problem of the taxpayers that you wagered your retirement on a poorly managed company, whether it's a bank, brokerage, or in the case of GM, a retiree health care and pension company that happens to build cars with a portion of its efforts. I was assuming that your measure of badness was "the more people who know this secret, the worse kept it is". By that measure, the limit of a poorly kept secret is exactly public information. I'm having a hard time coming up with any other continuous measure of "badness" of secret keeping. I couldn't come up with a way to express a parallel with being the best darn turd polisher out there without it sounding like a personal attack on you, not a commentary on how you should be more aware of the seriously uphill battle you face. I honestly think that folding and moving onto a better hand/idea is the move here. If you want to run the site as a learning exercise, you can probably use ads or affiliate referrals to actual cash-game sites as a source of paying for hosting, and there might be enough leftover for a WSOP super-satellite entry fee. I think trying to figure out what will make your "free poker social networking site" take on a Facebook type trajectory as opposed to the 99 other couldabeen-Facebooks is not a +EV play. You should definitely look into twoplustwo.com's forums and business model, but they've already got a pretty good lock on the poker-theory discussion and a well-established community. I re-read my comment pretty carefully and I'm still not sure how the principle of "don't create new government guarantees to back failed private enterprise obligations" has become "we shouldn't have any government regulation of public safety issues" in your mind. For the record, I do "accept that sometime, somewhere laissez faire markets may produce a situation where a good chunk of society is undernourished." I think that it's the pro-welfarists and socialists that seem to have a problem accepting that. To me, wanting minimal government interference in private choices is purely a matter of practicality, not one of morality. I'd prefer that the government not be a nanny to the entire population, constantly at the ready to wipe the nose and dry the tears of anyone who gets hurt. I do agree that if the government is going to serve that purpose, then they'll pretty much have to take away the rewards for good choices, as both a disincentive to take large risks and equally importantly, because it's going to be damned expensive to prop up everyone who chose poorly, someone's got to pay for it, and only those who chose well can afford it. We're pretty far afield of hacker news at this point, and I suspect we understand each other views at a gross level and simply disagree on where the optimal point for a society's government to strive for is located. If it's any consolation, despite having made good choices, I have no say or sway in the matter and that people who think more like you are in power and are determined to wipe the noses that "need" wiped and dry the abundant damp eyes, so you'll get your way anyhow... One example answer is that if your gross margin is anything under 10%, you shouldn't spend $100m in advertising for $1mm in marginal revenue. Doesn't happen often in software, of course. You could also do $5 for 3 months, no auto-renewal. Let's say your gross margin is 9%. You spend $100K in advertising. You get an additional $1000K in revenue, on which you make a 9% profit. You bank $90K profit from this. You're $10K worse off for having done that advertising. Here's a related question: I'll posit that there is a higher density of "very desirable" top-notch hackers being thrown into the job market than at any other time in my 15-year career. You know the people: the ones that rarely hit the normal job market because with one or two emails, they can line up their next gig in an afternoon throught their network or friends-of-friends. For those of us who are hiring, what strategies can we use to ensure that we in-person interview more of those candidates (with whom we can generally sell them) and spend less time on the "perma job seekers" that seem to form the bulk of the job applicant population. I don't mean to sound overly elitist, but if I've only got 1 spot open, I want to take a shot at selling the very best candidates, and spend as little time interviewing the also-rans as possible. (This is in regards to professional hires; our college-level recruiting program is in good shape, and there's less change from last year there than in the landscape for professional hires) Followup question: How do I know I have "one of these people" such that I can not waste their time with phone interviews, etc? Letting in a lot of chaff in hopes of not turning away wheat is not scalable, and if I already knew who the good ones were without phone screening them, I could probably cut down on the interviewing as well. I'll grant you that true networked hires may have earned a skip-the-phone stage, though I'd still rather answer THEIR questions on the phone than find a no-fit after 3 hours in-office. Be able to move fast is always good advice though! 10 years ago and for a different company (in the computer game industry), we used a two question test (in C): 1. Write hex2int (without using any stdlib functions, such as strtoul(s,null, 16) for example. :) ) 2. Delete a node from a singly-linked list. Personally, I found a VERY strong correlation between what we wanted in a game developer and their answer to #1. #2 I didn't find all that valuable, other than to weed out people who'd never taken any algorithm/data structure coursework. For that company, and those roles, it worked very well, because there's a correlation between bit twiddling, pointer operations, and knowing whether someone "gets" pointers and their job performance. That's not the case in most jobs, nor in most modern languages. (Who cares if you "get" pointers if your language doesn't have them?) My current company asks on from a set of some fairly basic questions on the phone screen, and we pretty much grade the whole phone screen "pass/fail" (interview/thank you for your time). I can't say they work quite as well, but we're also looking significantly "up market" from what the game company needed. My idealized criteria: For professional hires: keep it short, but not so basic as to be insulting. For college hires: keep it short, and probably basic. For all in-person/whiteboard exercises: ignore error checking, exceptional conditions, etc. It's just too much effort to go through in that format. Best coding test I ever took was for Accolade, who sent a zip file of source code for a very simple game (fly an airplane across a 2D map with mountains) and asked you to write "AI" (in the game sense, not the compsci sense) for the player. You had an evening and mailed them back a zip file with your code included. That was fun to do, and I suspect gave them fairly fine-grained insight into how good a coder you were, as there's "working", "optimal" and "elegant" dimensions into which various solutions bucket themselves. I used sedo.com, and was completely satisified for my one transaction with them. There's a quite legitimate reason to use exploding offers (beyond the implied "bad" reasons Joel cites): to ensure that companies get exactly the number of college hires that they want. If you've got budget for "no more than 20" and a real desire to hit 20 on the dot, then it's entirely rational (and I think reasonable) to extend exploding offers to your top 30 candidates, and then as the prior offers expire or are turned down, to extend offers to the "waitlist". It's not particularly different from the college admissions process, or a season ticket renewal process, daycare/pre-school admissions waitlisting, or any other means of efficiently allocating limited resources over a period of time, and is certainly not inherently evil. That's one legitimate viewpoint, but on the flipside, realize that I truly believe I work for (and represent) a fantastic employer, and that everyone on the waitlist who needlessly ends up working someplace else in the parallel universe, in which we didn't use exploding offers, has been "harmed" by that outcome. IMO, it's not just about treating your first choice potential employee as a person, but about treating your last choice potential employee as a person too. Amusing the order you chose. If you really love coding (and are good at it), you should never have to work(+) a day in your life. +-Sure, you'll have to write code, but for me that's an enjoyable play/hobby activity that companies are all too happy to pay me all too much for. "Work" in the preceding PP is something that you don't like doing and would only do in exchange for money. Find the right role in the right company, and you could easily have your "office hobby" that you use to pay the bills for your other hobbies and leisure time. Over the years, I'd say that I've been paid on average 4x what it would actually have required to secure my services, and the minimum amount is really driven by what it would cost me to eat, drink, sleep and be merry. (It turns out however, that that "surplus" 3x has made my life considerably more comfortable and, in some areas, extravagant. I hope my boss doesn't read this until after he's decided on my raise and bonus for the year. ;) ) zephyr -i help at MIT had almost exactly the opposite problem: people were charged up/competing to be the first one to provide the correct answer. It worked shockingly well, as a consumer and it was fun to kill some time as a supplier of answers. (My time at MIT all pre-dates the interwebs, so I can't directly compare/contrast it to a world with Google as an option.) "Sorry honey, I was thinking very intently about the deep thought you just shared, and my brain just needed some additional cooling." Get out of jail free... > We even had some employees who volunteered to be "rif'ed." Two I know had already received offers from outside the company that were still open, but they were declined, so the company could axe those that H.R. chose instead. Why should the company "take volunteers" for RIFs? Now I don't argue for a purely chance-based system for doing layoffs, preferring instead that a viable company make thoughtful choices about whom should be let go, I will observe that a random lottery will likely produce better results for the on-going company operations than allowing for a voluntary round of layoffs (presumably, with severance). In a voluntary round, your most employable are disproportionately likely to volunteer, meaning you're worse off than if you left it to chance. (From the less-than-median employable employee's point of view, naturally allowing for a voluntary round is preferable, but it's the company's choice of how to do it, not the worst employee's choice.) Decent article overall (fairly short and not particularly controversial though). One item I would argue with is the second half of this: > You need to decide what critical means for you (most often it means losing money). Just because you're losing money doesn't make it critical, at least not for any site that operates at scale. If you log as critical everytime you knew you're losing small amounts of money, you'll also have log files full of tiny taxes you've paid. "Can't reach US credit card payment provider" probably sounds critical, but isn't all that critical if you can place that order into a stored state and retry it with the provider later. Sure, that loses money because some of those payments will fail, and some users won't retry after an email prompt, but that doesn't make it critical. In my experience (on the dev side for years and now on the operations side), developers log errors at one level more severe than is actually warranted. ("Divide by zero" is almost never a fatal error from the perspective of the site operations team. :) ) Student loans, personal loans other than credit cards, business loans, preferred stock, corporate, municipal and government bonds (from the issuer's perspective) all change price/rate in response to missed or late payments on other obligations. (In the latter case, often dramatically so.) Why shouldn't a lender be a able to offer a contract that allows them to increase their fees when the borrower shows themselves to be a less than ideal credit risk at some point in the future? The borrower signed the terms; if they didn't like them, they could have not signed them, or they can pay off and close the account now. Those are the two (non-bankruptcy) avenues for them to get out of the contract that they now don't like having signed. In the long run, I do not. In the short run, I think you are confusing the end of the artificially high good times substantially fueled by these people "screwing themselves" with an absolute reduction in relative purchasing power (or other measure of "goodness") for people who didn't participate. Honestly, even though I bought a house in summer 2007 (which is now worth somewhat less than I paid), I've been made vastly better off by the free and easy credit that others took part in and that I for the most part did not. Sure, the economic turmoil/headwinds now are less pleasant than 2004-2006/early 2007, but that's far from saying "I got screwed by this obviously unsustainable great ride ending." "What he is really saying is 'what's fair got to do with it?" Huh? People who are "riskier" paying higher rates and fees IS fair. Would you lend your (presumably hypothetical) deadbeat, drug-addled uncle your entire $100,000 retirement nest egg at the same rate and terms that you'd lend the US government? Why the hell not?! He's family, and these big mean credit card companies are profit-seeking arms-length lenders, and you would expect them to act morally better (by your standard, not mine) than you would to family? (I would neither expect, nor as an investor, wish for them to do that.) Concede the point on bonds held to maturity; you're right. Private student loans are variable interest rate loans, many at the whim of the providing company. (I'd agree that private student loans are much closer to evil than revolving credit, and that more education is due on both topics to consumers of both types of debt. But I'm still not in favor of restricting the availability of a financial product that might not be in any given consumer's best interest, so long as it is in the best interest of some consumer.) Govt-backed student loans are as you describe. As to the over the edge "problem", that's a problem of the consumer's making+, and a creditor acting in their own best interest probably OUGHT to tighten credit for borrowers that it identifies, even on an acturial basis using information unrelated to the direct consumer creditor interaction, as being a higher risk. + - Debtors who are not in over their head generally don't face these problems. First of all: IMO, the US auto industry woes have not one damn thing to do with credit boom/bust, and if anything, their run (the companies and the UAW) was extended by the credit freedom, but in any free market, if your costs are 1.5x your competitors and the desirability of their product is 1.5x yours, you're in for a world of hurt. (I own three American cars: one Jeep and two sixties Mustangs, and if I had to do it over again, I probably wouldn't have bought the Jeep.) The US financial industry, I'd agree with you IF I thought we could effectively modulate without introducing deadweight losses for no net gain. (Historically, I don't think we have a good track record at this, in this or any other country.) What do I mean by that? The minute you introduce legislation to try to modulate something, a substantial result of that is to take smart people and apply them to figuring out how to comply with and/or work within/around the new regulations. So instead of building something people want or that makes the world better/more efficient, they're instead working on regulatory compliance. Then the most powerful institutions bid up the prices of the services of those people who are the very best at working around the regulation, or at lobbying for their activities to be exempted, and the cycle continues. If we could come up with a means to instanteously generate perfect regulation, I would indeed agree with your proposal. I'm not holding my breath for it... For your long-run personal wealth, do you think you would you be better or worse off focusing on having zero short-term debt? I agree with you vastly more than I disagree, but will observe that if you manage your debt reasonably, you have the ultimate recourse when your CC company changes your terms: Fire them. Pay that debt off, possibly by borrowing from another company willing to extend you terms more to your liking. I agree that people to whom no one will lend more money are at a great disadvantage. I don't see any way to fix that, as preventing CC companies from offering variable APR offers in the future will likely make things worse for marginal customers; it will just make the companies completely unwilling to extend them credit. Embargoing consumers who are already suffering doesn't help them in the short term. Pay the balance down to zero, and because of the strange quirk in the FICO scoring system, stop using it, but don't close the account. "Problem" #1 solved. I'm not sure exactly how to demonstrate the fairness to you if you don't see it in the above hypothetical case, esp if you agree that you wouldn't "lend" your entire retirement to a poor credit risk individual. I'll take one more shot at it: In order to attract prudent capital to a riskier investment, the projected rate of return must be higher than that of any available safe, or safer, investment. IOW, to lend to "high risk" customers, the credit card company has to charge some form of higher fees or rates. If they don't elect to offer lower rates to the "low risk" customers than those that they have to charge the high-risk customers, then someone else will come along and cherry-pick the low-risk customers. Said only slightly differently, why would anyone choose invest at arms-length in something riskier if there were a safer alternative available with an equal rate of return? They wouldn't, and any attempt to compel them to do so via regulation is unlikely to produce a result that you'd be happy with. It will either dry up credit for everyone, dry up credit for only the riskier potential patrons, or result in #1, followed by the demand for changes to the bankruptcy laws to enable creditors to safely lend at the mandated terms to all comers. I doubt that any of those will be a net benefit to society, except possibly the second, which would still result in extreme short-term pain to lower economic status individuals, who are disproportionately represented in the "high risk" cohorts of the market. Why shouldn't we expect pay raises take a hit at a time like this? The US economy is not growing much, if at all, and in fact is most likely in a recession. There's a strong possibility that inflation in the next 12 months will be well under 2%, and that we may even slip into deflationary environment overall. In a -1 to 1% inflationary environment, we should be happier with a 2.5% increase than with a 5% increase in an 8-10% inflationary environment. If you ask most people, they'd be happier with the second case however. (I'm hoping my own salary review is completed prior to my boss reading this HN comment, but honestly, if I don't get a merit increase, I'm not going anywhere, so there's relatively little tension to compel them to grant me one.) Perhaps it would be helpful to propose some alternative situation-specific metric of fair to help me understand what you're not understanding about what I'm saying. To you, how would you define "fair" so as to create a stable system in a way that's fundamentally different from "in keeping with free market economics"? In a free market of lenders and borrowers, "fair" is whatever each party agrees to enter into acting in their own best interest. If the lender thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they don't lend. If the borrower thinks the terms are "unfair" to them, they do not borrow. Therefore, if a lender lends to a borrower, both parties have agreed that the deal is "fair". If a borrower finds that no one will lend to them on terms the borrower likes and then freely decides to loosen their standards and borrow anyway, I don't see any unfairness at work, rather that the borrower has updated their own concept of what a "fair deal" is, in order to borrow the money they want. That's helpful in explaining your and my disconnect. I suspect that you are I are pretty much talking to each other at this point, which is more than fine with me, as I find it quite interesting. > For the individual who gets told that Mongolians from Sweden pay an extra 3% if they [wear] shiny shoes, it may seem unfair. It may seem unfair to that person, but if it's wrong (meaning not borne out by the facts/stats), then another insurance or credit card company will almost surely come along and offer Swedish Mongolian shiny-shoe wearers deals at par, or even at a discount, to what the 3% surcharge company offers. In other words, if a company significantly overprices a given risk, that's just bad business or bad judgement, but it's not unfair. Similarly, if they underprice the risk, that's also not unfair, just bad business/judgement. Wherever significant price deviations are present and leaving money on the table, a competitor will come in to address the consumer need. And if they don't, then that's just the market price, which to me is the fair price. So I think I agree with your assesment that in my mind fair is a synonym, or at least an extremely close analog, to non-coercive. What you call price "gouging" (such as increasing the price of food, water, or gasoline in a time of shortage), I call an efficient market allocating scarce resources to those in the greatest need (as demonstrated by being willing to pay the highest price). If you mandate that the price of gasoline be $1.00 in the weeks following Katrina, how much gasoline do you think will get sold? Almost none would be my prediction. Instead, you'd find massive hoarding and gas stations closing rather than selling gas at a loss. How does that help anyone? Instead, if you let the price float to $5, $6, then those who need gas will buy it; those that don't will have no incentive (in fact a disincentive) to hoard it, and those who might be just driving around aimlessly for amusement will temporarily stop doing that, conserving that very limited resource. Seems VASTLY more efficient to me, and seems perfectly fair as well. Similarly, if you arrive at a monopoly through market forces, I think that's perfectly fine. If you are AWARDED a monopoly by the state, then that monopoly must be a tightly regulated monopoly by that same state. But I don't see any reason why Google shouldn't be allowed to reap the rewards of conquering search if they eventually do so. Or why Virgin Galactic couldn't operate a de-facto monopoly on space tourism, or any other example of where a market-derived monopoly is inherently unfair. To me, the state taking away an earned monopoly is what would be unfair. I have really enjoyed our discussion, though I suspect we're at the point of understanding pretty well what each other is saying and probably unlikely for you to agree that $5-$6 gas is "fair" post Katrina, and for me to think it is, and agree to disagree after a thought-provoking discussion. I can almost guarantee that if a card issuer were to unilaterally (not by force of regulation, or by industry-wide standard practice) raise the minimum payment formula to something that I would find rational (3-5 year payoff period perhaps), that there would be an immediate hue and cry about how damaging that action was to disenfranchised borrowers, as some people were "just getting by" before and now they're going to be in debt trouble by virtue of this action. (Newsflash, they only appeared to be getting by before and they were already deep in debt trouble, but that's not how it would be reported and complained about.) Though I'm of the opinion "let adults make adult decisions for themselves, don't have government be a nanny", here even I can see a reason to regulate (whether by government, or ideally by an organization like PCI) minimum payments higher than a 30 year amortization schedule. Frankly, Detroit would do well to copy their foreign competitors a bit more often. Which American car did the Datsun B210 copy? Which car did Porsche's 911 or Mercedes' S-class? Or for that matter, Toyota's Prius? I see plenty of examples of foreign competition innovating successfully, often at "non-competitive" prices. Detroit's last significant innovation was what? The 60-month car lease? The UAW job bank? I spent a week in Tokyo in 2005 and "must buy Japanese toilet in my eventual house" was a key takeaway message. It does take a few days to turn your opinion around on the warm seat issue. On a legacy toilet, a warm toilet seat feels gross because you can't help but think about how it got warm and how recently that must have been. The reptilian part of my brain took a few days to get over that; afterwards it was the second-best feature ever. The best? Those sprays. At the risk of taking it to the gutter, which I'll try to avoid: think about a time when you might have been ill or otherwise had intestinal troubles. You may have, as I have, just stepped right off the john and into the shower to tidy up rather than deforest all of Washington state for TP. With the spray, your normal hygeine regimen steps up to "almost freshly showered" and it requires almost no paper as you're simply drying with the paper. (I never had the patience to wait for the heated fans to dry my bottom, as they work about as quickly as the old-style ones in US bathrooms, and there too I'd have to wipe my hand/bottom on my pants.) The heated seat is good, but the spray is the business! OK. When Honda started making the Civic and Toyota the Corolla, what American car where they competing against, or copying? (I'll give you a hint: it wasn't a car that was remotely competitive in the small, reliable inexpensive car segment, and probably not one that you'd recognize today as a direct competitor to the first Civic, Prelude, or Corolla. Go drive an '84 Omni and an '84 Rabbit and tell me which is the better car. Or a 70's Chevette and a 70's Civic or Prelude.) I will grant you that the ur-Mustang was a stroke of genius, reasonbly innovative in the sense of creating visceral demand for a fun and cheap car. Right after the pony cars came the muscle cars, which may have represented the pinnacle of Detroit as measured by getting the country to actually lust after your products, to care about what engine and trim package was in the latest chromed sled to roll down Main Street. Even today, I'm proud to own a 65 hardtop and 66 convertible Mustang, both of which are 5+ years older than I am, and I feel happy to see the smiles of passersby of all ages when they see a piece of proud American history roll by. And that's exactly the problem, the pride is in the history, not the present. The Mustang and Pontiac GTO debuted over FORTY FOUR YEARS AGO! That's a pretty long drought, and despite their appeal, the C-5 'vette, Fox Mustang, and Hummer (the H1, not that plasticky rebadged Tahoe they call an H3) haven't really hit the same chord, have they? Of those 3, I suspect the vette and H1 didn't make significant annual profits, and almost surely not what Porsche makes on the 911 alone every year, nevermind the significant profits they bank on the Cayenne. (And all 3 of those together, over their entire production run, certainly didn't make what Porsche made this year on VW options alone!) By way of background, my 3 registered and insured cars are all American; I don't have a huge axe to grind here to justify my own purchases, but as I see it, Japan and Europe are eating Detroit's lunch, and based on my experience with my '96 Jeep, Satan will probably be wearing a winter coat before I buy another new American car. (I do all my own maintenance and help friends maintain their cars, so I see first-hand how my cars and how the Japanese and German competition are engineered.) FTR, I agree with you that the UAW deal stinks for Detroit. I'm just ALSO unconvinced that if the government paid Detroit $2000 for every car they sold that Detroit would be remotely competitive. So while they have a cost basis problem, that's not their only problem, not by a long shot. I upvoted you, because that's a great point on financial solvency. However, it doesn't address the long-run problem of how to take back market share from foreign competitors, which is the type of sustainable advantage that I presume Detroit needs in order to thrive. (I'll also observe that your QED was to a simple P&L equation, not to the thrust of my comment.) Did you read the article at all? Take the case of the breast cancer charity which, from the article, was pulling in $71mm from charity walks using his services. They stopped using his services and continued the walks and are taking in $11mm now. You might argue that several other variables might have also changed, but a 6.5x factor is hard to ignore. I'd delay the office as long as possible for almost all software-only shops. It's a PITA, a distraction, and an additional expense. Once you grow to a certain point and NEED the space, or if your home situation is too distraction-filled, then go get an office. Too many people are hooked on the idea "if I can work in my PJs, it must not be a real job". If that describes your (or your family's) opinion and you can't change it, you might have to, but look at an office as a necessary evil, not an indicator or predictor of successfulness. Edit: clarified that I meant renting real estate not just "the last" which could be employee or office. As a matter of practicality, any number in the $80K+ range will be fine, though you may feel better about paying yourself $100K given that the spread in taxes is under $1K/year (from 80->100). You can go below "normal"; you just can't go below "reasonable". I'd also set the comparable position as "web developer", not "CEO", as you can make a strong case that your primary function day-to-day is more akin to web-dev than to captain-of-industry. Another important thing to keep in mind, depending on your forecast need for credit: you may find it easier to qualify for a mortgage, to refinance, etc, if you have a higher base salary. Any amount by which you can get more favorable terms on a mortgage will likely BURY that $1K/yr in taxes. Sure you can substantiate with 2 years of tax returns, etc, etc, but that's going to invite human scrutiny, and in the current credit situation, I'd want to have the skids as greased as possible to have my application "look normal". In what way(s) do you think YC isn't open to older entrepreneurs? If anything, I suspect older entrepreneurs aren't as open to YC than the other way around. In my own case, if I wanted $20K in expenses for a startup, I'd login to e*trade and transfer it, or I'd write a check for it. Doesn't seem worth giving up 6% for the cash, though if I were intent on striking out on my own, I'd almost certainly talk to YC, to see if a "3% for $1 and advice/contacts" deal could be worked out. At least wait until one of those mega-lotteries gets to an EV of a unit wager is over 1.0. (Yes, I'm willing to let slip the NPV discounting, and buy tickets when the "advertised amount" makes it a +EV wager.) It's not just about status, but the people who would want the relatively higher income are correct, IMO. Abstract (fiat) money exists as a proxy for productive labor. If in one world an hour of unskilled labor costs $1, and in a parallel world, an hour of unskilled labor costs $10, I'd assume that world A's dime is worth world B's dollar, and all other things equal, I'd rather have a dime in world where everyone else had a penny than a dollar in a world where everyone had ten dollars. If I have relatively more money, I can pay people to do things that I don't care to do (rake leaves, remove garbage, grow food, whatever) much more easily than if everyone in the world has more money than I do... "The argument that rent control prevents owners from maintaining their buildings is pure bullshit. There's not a rent-control law in existence that doesn't allow annual increases sufficient for maintenance. Buildings aren't maintained because the owner sees the opportunity for dramatically increased profits if the current tenant leaves and lets the building fall to shit in an effort to drive them out." Read that paragraph slowly and see if you can find the causal relationship between rent control and buildings not being maintained. It's easier to find than Waldo... While true that it doesn't prevent them by force of law from maintaining the buildings, the natural profit-seeking motivations will cause a sharp increase in deferred or eliminated maintenance and improvements, as the landlord wins either way: either they save 1-2% in current expenses or they get to reset the rent to market rents if the tenant gets too sick of their shithole. Seems pretty far from "pure bullshit" to me... As the son of a former small-time landord (teachers by day, landlords of 1 single family and 1 duplex house), I can assure you that those landlords will have PLENTY of tenants to rent to down there! Clearly living in a deteroriating building is better than being evicted. However, eviction is not the alternative to rent control. Being evicted is different from having your rent raised to market rates, and is different from having your lease not renewed. It may be a legal consequence of tenants deciding not to leave and/or not to pay a higher rent, but it's not like the choice we're debating is eviction vs rent control. As to my restatement, you claimed that argument X is "pure bullshit" in a short paragraph that shows you clearly understand that argument X is much more accurate than inaccurate. If quoting that paragraph and asking you to observe that contradiction makes me a prick, so be it. (I'll admit to being sarcastic; if you want to call me a prick on the internet over it, I'll still sleep OK.) Or, in hopefully more common cases, they do the responsible thing and move out themselves at the end of the lease term, without going through the legal process of eviction. You need to recognize that he's coming from an aviation background, where multi-million dollar awards against parts manufacturers for pilot-judgment accidents were routine, and in fact did chase businesses (both manufacturers and service centers) out of the business as they couldn't afford liability insurance. $53 million in compensatory damage against a carburetor company for the crash of a single-engined 2-seater due to an exhaust valve failure? (Because the carb was recently replaced, and thus was within the statute of limitations.) http://www.allbusiness.com/legal/torts-damages/8890265-1.htm... Granted, that's only one case, but how many $500 carbs does that company have to sell to cover $53mm in exposure? How many more times than the tiny market for those carbs (that engine is no longer in use in a production aircraft)? I've left explicit instructions to my family that if I should pass crashing my airplane, that they are not to sue my maintenance facility or anyone else in the aviation industry. I hope that never comes to pass, but if it does, I wouldn't want to be part of perpetuating this ridiculousness. What prevents a cartel of home owners/buyers from taking out mortgages from a single small issuer, stopping payment en-masse, hoping to push the issuer into insolvency and drive down the value of those bonds and buy them on the open market? Something about your argument is not making sense. You say that as storage needs increase, the costs go up dramatically (that there are significant DISeconomies of scale). Yet Amazon is acting as an aggregator of all those ever-increasing storage needs, operating at even higher scale, yet is able to turn a profit providing a service at scale. Amazon almost certainly isn't building their own hardware. It seems you're arguing in circles somewhere there... Amusing quote from the first link: "Porsche exhibiting their excellent cornering ability" Is embargoing the foreign workers, who are perfectly willing (an understatement in many cases) to work for the wages being offered, ethical? I would say no. I personally feel that free trade is far more ethical than nationalist isolation/protectionism. (It's not just Americans that are "entitled" to a high standard of living.) In revision control systems, the "Who changed this line last and when?" is called "blame", so in fact, you are looking for "blame". :) How good could that deal on eggs be to justify the time and PITA to freeze and bag 10 dozen eggs individually? Were they paying her $5 a dozen to take 'em? The case in question concerns New York state, where Amazon does not (to my knowledge, based on facts in the links above) have a warehouse. Your case for wholly-owned warehouses is a reasonable one, and in fact, Amazon collects and pays sales taxes in several of those states. The New York case is materially different in that it concerns marketing affiliates, not warehouse holding companies. Here in Cambridge, MA, I think there are an awful lot of people who want YOU to know that THEY are driving a hybrid. IMO, the Prius hybrid didn't bury the Civic hybrid because it was better (it is for city, not for highway), but rather because the Civic hyrid looks like a normal Civic, which doesn't allow for an ostentatious display of smugness. http://torontoist.com/2007/08/green_plate_par.php When the fake review sites see one that says "No-BS", exactly how long until 10 of them say "No-BS"? I don't have a lot of faith that outlawing performance-based money management yields a stable system either. (I do agree that it is likely to yeild one less to synchronized catastrophic implosions, until it naturally devolves back into what I've seen twice in my 4 decades on the earth.) Suppose we "agree" that 6% is the safe rate of return, and no money manager is allowed to collect fees or bonuses based on performance. The next logical step for anyone with a relatively large amount of money is to try to build their own in-house (or in-family) money management arm to generate 7% or 8%. If that attempt is successful, by whatever means including blind luck, that money manager can go take his expertise elsewhere with a track record of "proven high returns", or get a not exactly fund performance based raise or bonus. (Call it a corporate profit-sharing bonus, or retention bonus, etc.) Logically, once one group is doing it, others will try to follow. No wealthy family is going to sit by generating 6% when someone in their same situation is generating 8%. Those that don't have large enough investment nuts to start with will pool with other not-quite wealthy investors, and eventually this will trickle down to the common mutual fund. And then we'll see "funds of funds" (or funds of fund, as we saw recently) that will take money, invest in the latest 8% fund, pay out 7% (still beats the 6%) and pocket 1% for expenses. Trying to legislate away greed is like pissing in the ocean. IMO, you need people to feel like risky investments are risky investments. If they instead feel like they own an implied governmental put on their risky investments, you just get more and more comfort with risk. People who make bets that they can't cover need to feel the pain, and for those fallouts to become public in the form of bankruptcies. Banishing an entire category of financial work (fee-based money management) because of some crooks, some bad bets, and some large failures is not the path to a productive and efficient means of distributing capital to the businesses who need it to generate growth, jobs, and new products, IMO. I worry that a logical outcome of this proposal would be an end to pooled-risk VC funds, and a substantial impairment to the liquidity and transparency of the public markets. It makes for a good blog entry though, as long as you don't think about it too hard. If GOOG could tell, with certainty, ahead of time what projects were brilliant and which ones were bad, they'd only fund the brilliant ones in the first place, right? The notion that GOOG is knowingly chasing bad projects solely because their stock price is high seems absurd. I think it's more likely that they just don't, and can't, know ahead of times what's going to stick. While I agree in general, to say that Amazon has zero impact on the state is also not true, as the packages don't magically teleport to customers. Along the way, UPS enjoys fire and police protection, places wear on the streets, requires traffic enforcement, city planning, water, etc. Note that in theory , NYS residents voluntarily self-report and self-pay state and local use tax for purchases made out of state on which no tax was collected. I'm sure that amounts to hundreds of dollars per year for the state... This is great advice if you assume that there are many "right life partners", all about equally good matches, and that discarding any single one of them isn't disastrous. (I happen to basically agree with that assumption, but it's important to note it and ask if OP intellectually believes in that same philosophy.) For my account, I had a tremendously important and drama-filled relationship in my late 20s/early 30s with an ex. I was dickish at times; she was at times; we couldn't make it work. It was extremely painful on both sides, and to this day I wonder how we could have managed the situation better. We're both now in our new "final" committed relationships and extremely happy with the outcomes, but I wonder what would have happened if I didn't follow time_management's advice above (or perhaps, if I'd followed it more precisely; the middle ground is worse than either extreme). We might have ended up together, and I can't figure that we'd be better off than we are now. But I also went through 4-5 years of hell between that breakup and finding my new relationship, so I don't know that the worst is over in 3 days is necessarily the case... Your points about getting outside, getting exercise, and not becoming a 24x7 hermit are absolutely spot-on. I wonder if selectable inertial separator would work on turbofans. (They are installed on single-engine PT-6 turboprops.) Imagine a system that requires air to make a sharp turn, but anything with significant mass (water, ice, birds) would pass through, or get ground up against something other fan blades. I couldn't find a good diagram online. You would want them to be selectable (engaged during low-altitude flight, stowed during cruise flight) so as to hopefully not unduly hurt range, other than via the increased weight. The problem though is that there are significant one-engine-out climb performance targets that must be met for Part 21 certification, and inertial separators have power penalties on top of the weight penalty. Taking performance away from a one-engine-out scenario would further restrict max take-off weights, increase balanced field lengths (meaning some airports would need to make improvements to serve some aircraft, etc), increase the time from roll to V1 (the takeoff commit speed) and at the end of the day, taking performance away may represent a higher risk than birds currently represent. In 700 hours or so of single-engine piston flight, I've struck two (small) birds, and had close calls with half-dozen more. I've never had a close call with a bird over 2000 feet AGL, so cruise flight could surely be done without brid protection. So does dunking a $60mm jet in the Hudson River. :) Hypothesize two airlines, one flying current airliners and the other flying airliners that are 0.5% safer and whose tickets are 5-10% more expensive. Who do you think gets all the business on competing routes? Filling even 5% more seats on average dramatically improves airlines P&L statements. I'm not saying it's rational, but big businesses have been built on the inability of the average person to do math. (Airport insurance kiosks, lotteries, pachinko parlors, or Las Vegas/Macao.) (I'm also not suggesting that there's an easy way to get that 1 in 200 improvement in safety, even at a 10% cost penalty, but if your airline gets a reputation for bad safety, you're all but done, even if you come up on the top of Expedia/Travelocity/ITA searches when sorted by price...) I am neither of Israeli nor Palestinian descent, but I have to agree that when a sovereign nation(+) is attacked, they have the right to retaliate in order to defend their nation. The risk of non-combatant casualties has to be considered, but does not have to be avoided at all costs, nor does the retaliation have to be strictly less deadly than the original attacks. The more Isreal can turn Gaza's inhabitants against Hamas, the better it is for Isreal. Honestly, if I was in Gaza and a non-combatant, you can bet that I'd be more likely to be anti-Hamas than anti-Isreal at this point. +- You can debate whether Isreal "should" be sovereign, but the fact of the matter is that they are, and are defending themselves against rocket attacks. 0.5% is 200 vs 201, not 20 vs 21 (that would be 5%). All an individual cares about is 1 vs 0 crashes-per-flight, not 200 vs 201 crashes per bajillion flights. So if I could buy a ticket on Qantas (0 fatalities in their entire jet era) or Aeroflot (31 in the last 19 years, including 2 unrelated on the same day from the same airport) for the same trip, I'll clearly take Qantas, even if the Qantas flight is 3x as expensive, as I assume most people would. But here's where humans don't do math well comes in. Even a tiny difference in actual safety is dramatically over-valued. "No child of mine is going to be subjected to an extra 0.5% risk just to see some big mouse in Florida! I'd sooner drive there than fly THAT airline!" And that is how airlines with a bad reputation for safety end up merging, getting bought, shutting down or simply changing names. And how people who can't rationally make decisions end up driving 800 miles to Disney instead of flying, because the risks of driving are much less visible to them. That's because you can make rational judgments about what's important to you, and have a feel for the insignificance of 0.5% delta in accident rate. (IOW, I agree with you, but I don't think that most airline ticket purchasers agree with either of us.) If you say to Joe Public "this airline is 0.5% more likely to have a crash than the one that's $50 less; which one do you want your family to fly?", I doubt many people can easily say "Oh, the cheaper one is preferable." They may arrive there after some agony, but to instinctively know that an extra 1 in 200 on something that's already 1 in 3 million or so is not economically justified on an EV basis. (You'd have to value your life at $30 billion dollars for there to be an EV equivalence between those two choices.) Nonetheless, I predict many more people would find ease in deciding to take "the safer, more expensive airline" than would find ease in taking "the less safe, but cheaper airline" for their family travel. You mean the Quick Stop? SE530 by any chance? That slide is bad-ass. And somehow I suspect the house is no longer connected to the 'net by just a single "T1 line, which allows connection to the Internet at lightning speed." My first step would be to ask Edward of PicWing for any advice he'd care to share, and to ask if their device runs arbitrary AIR code, if you could boot it from alternate media easily, or if you could use an emulator to get the software working on hardware you already have or can source easily. IOW, figure out if you can use some of what they know, and figure out if you can remove the hurdle of "how do I get a portable touch screen device working?" and make it more like "how do I get to the point where I can find out if I can even write what I want to write?" Maybe buy a tablet PC and use that to prototype, etc. Don't even remotely consider building your own hardware until you have something that demands you do that. Custom hardware is messy, gross, expensive, intolerant of mistakes, long lead time, etc. Figure out if the rest of your business "works" before you commit to your own custom hardware. (Oh, and with your background, you're going to hire out the EE part, or it's not going to get done. Trust me on that one.) From what I can tell, Spirit hasn't done one thing right in this whole situation for these passengers. Spirit cancelled their original flight, booked them on USAir. USAir is the carrier that employed the pilots and cabin crew that got everyone out, saved lives, etc. Spirit then said "That'll be $90 cancellation fee, please." ( Spirit has since gone back on the very last point.) That last point is merely the reversal of a wrong, which doesn't make it worthy of an "Atta boy, Spirit!" IMO. "If it flies, floats, or , it's cheaper to rent." Interview situation: "What do you want to do/what are you passionate about? What motivated you to apply to this job?" "It's not SAP, and I don't like doing SAP, so I was very happy to apply for any non-SAP job." Fail. (Keep reading please; there's some non-LOLcats level of discussion below) This is an industry where lots of non-traditional backgrounds can succeed. (My degree is in mechanical engineering; I haven't made enough from working as a Mech E to buy a cup of coffee.) I've worked with or currently have people on my team with non-technical degrees, college dropouts, and one that never finished high school. Assuming OP wants to code, the solution is not going back to school, but rather finding a job as a not-quite entry level non-SAP coder. But I know what we pay our SAP consultants, and in this economy, you're looking at a steep decline in take-home to go from 3-4 years SAP experience to entry-level coder in Foo language. That may very well be the more significant hurdle, esp if you've built a life around a relatively high level of income. In sharp agreement with azanar though, I think the best people I've worked with are generalists over time and specialists in the moment. I've had the luxury of working with a great team that's been (with additions and deletions to the group, and mergers/acquisitions/voluntary move to new startups) working a 4 different companies over the span of 12 years. Along the way, we've gone from Tcl and C++ on Solaris, through C++/COM/COM+/DCOM using DB2 and mainframe DBs, and now to an all MSFT .Net/MS-SQL (with a little MySQL at the edges) platform. None of us have had substantial issues moving from one platform to the next, so in that sense you could say we're generalists. But in each position, we spend 3-5 years deeply specializing and getting to know all the corners of the platform. Our sales pitch applying to the current place back in 2003 wasn't "We hate our current gig consulting and we're only here because Merrill Lynch has clicked on golden handcuffs that just unlocked. They want us to stay, we can't imagine having our souls crushed one more day, so please get us out!" All of that was true, but the focus wasn't on what CurrentCo could do for us, it was about what we could do for CurrentCo. 6 years later (with an IPO along the way), both sides are very happy about the situation! It depends on what your goal is. I'm a backend guy who runs an IT department for a top 100 e-commerce site in my day job. Knowing HTML/CSS doesn't do me any practical good there. For my side projects, I know just enough HTML/CSS to be dangerous. ( http://www.almamatersports.com is all programmed by me in a couple hundred hours this year, but has obvious visual bugs on several different browsers, some layout issues, etc, but that didn't stop it from pleasing the guy paying the bills.) For those kinds of things, knowing more at the start of the project would have saved me tons of time and gotten a better looking end result, but wouldn't have changed the clients satisfaction all that much. Then again, the gameplay is so much better this year than last for him that it's not a fair comparison, since for most sites that level of visual bugs would be unacceptable. When I think about my day job (which is what really pays the bills), in my experience it's much harder to find top-notch back-end developers than it is to find top-notch front end guys. Yes, the very cream of both crops is hard to find, but there's a much larger number of A players in the front-end space, so I'd recommend concentrating and developing your skills on the back-end and just getting a (relatively) tiny bit of exposure to front-end development issues and hiring that expertise out. This headline is equally apropos now and 2 years ago, and 4 years ago, and... It's clear from reading Carmack's sentence that he means affect (alter/disturb, in this case negatively so), not the verb form of effect/to cause. (Not that that justifies a grammar flame on HN, but it was at least an accurate flame.) What do you think the user tolerance for paying to host large images would be? Obviously bandwidth and storage cost money, and if a site is to allow 4x larger photos (driving 4x larger costs), the site needs to make 4x more money somehow. Page views and ads and referral arrangements to photo printers aren't going to automatically scale with photo sizes for a free site. Two stick out: 1. Answering questions fairly literally. a. "Did you like the salad?" "No, I did not." b. "Would you like to go to the fine art museum with me and 4 of my friends on Friday night?" "No, I would not like that." c. Note that I can escape from this pattern only when it's extremely obvious the truthful answer is a bad one. "Do these jeans make my ass look fat?" "I don't think it's the jeans..." I can avoid those at least... 2. Intentionally filtering out mundane trivia from my brain. "Do you know so-and-so's phone number?" "No, but it's in my phone." "When you left this morning, did you notice if my black gloves were on the counter?" "I would never notice them unless they were on fire or something..." I realize that 4x increase in pixels doesn't mean 4x increase in the file size, but I was discussing in terms of filesize. Unless you have absolutely insanely higher metadata stored per image than we do, your metadata probably amounts to under 2.5% of the image data for hypothesized 2MB files, so maybe 2.05 goes to 10.05 which is basically still a 400% increase. Part of the metadata is on fast (DB) disk, so your costs don't scale absolutely linearly, but bulk cold disk is still scaling up 4x. To a large extent, I have worked through it for our application (I run IT for a top 100 e-commerce site that does a very substantial amount of uploads in the holiday season; we choose to self-host several dozen TB and have an emergency overflow possibility out to S3 if we fill up our in-house storage). I can't see how storage costs are meaningfully sub-linear, and bandwidth costs can be due to bulk pricing, but are still first-approximation linear with upload size. (You might argue that you can use 95/5 pricing to work around that by forcing users to schedule their uploads for an off-peak time, but then you could do that in the base case as well.) I would love to hear more about your surprises in the model, either on HN or privately, as this represents a substantial portion of my budget, and if I'm missing something, I'm not too proud to change course. :) Why do I work so hard? Because I friggin' love my job! While there are parts of it that suck (like any job), on balance it's so completely enjoyable that I have a hard time relating to people for whom work is a grind. OK Thanks. Couple comments: Our bulk storage disk sees very little in the way of IOPS-requested. (An entire Gbps pipe couldn't fill the IO capacity of 4U of the 1TB SATA drives we use for bulk upload storage, and we have way more than that. ;) ) DB and hosts disks are another story entirely, and I have to admit that we don't really account for all those costs as "upload related" (by and large, they are not upload-driven) so we have some model inaccuracy there as well, but for every 2MB file we have on SATA, we probably have 20-40K in thumbnails on faster disk and well under 1K in fairly narrow, and not heavily indexed DB rows on 2 tables. As for listening to a bozo on website...well, HN is by and large not bozo-filled, it was pretty clear you weren't one, had given some thought to this problem, and I'm more than ready to admit when I'm potentially able to learn from someone else something that might save me/my company money. It does sound like your app has substantial sub-linear cost components, and I admit ours has some smaller ones as well but that we just don't model them tightly enough to see those components. Thanks for the info, and I wish you the best in your endeavor(s). I don't use mint (long-time Quicken user), but it wouldn't surprise me at all if many married users of mint are couples or entire families. Nor would it surprise me for the average mint user to be in their late 30s, with fairly little representation among the just entering the workforce crowd. Yes, that might introduce biases in their data that don't reflect with high fidelity the entire breadth of consumer actions, but even slightly imperfect data that's internally consistent can be quite valuable. > And, what are the odds that your team is as good as Amazon's? S3 was down unscheduled more in 2008 than we were. (I only know about their major published widely outages, and know about all of ours that lasted more than 15 seconds.) I realize that's not a perfect indicator, maybe it was an especially bad year for S3/good year for us, nor is their app apples-to-apples against ours, but one of the primary reasons we CAN'T afford to go even to S3 for "cheap" file storage is that it represents a serial reliability problem: both "them" and "us" have to be up for us to make money. When we price it out, the 3-year fully burdened cost of our in-house storage vs S3 pricing is about a wash. (It's 5-10% in favor of in-house, but I'm sure we're not perfectly fairly accounting for all the tiny costs [someone has to file purchase orders, do shipping/receiving, calculate depreciation and file tickets to let EMC techs into our DCs to replace failed drives, etc, etc] in our model, but that is after accounting for the IT team dedicated to storage and the on-call rotation portion allocated to storage.) If we were a lot smaller, it would be a no-brainer to try to use cloud services where it made sense, but as Tom said and anamax clarified, once you're at scale and have access to good IT staff in-house, the cloud offerings are not particularly compelling cost-savings measures. (Edit: I should perhaps clarify. We do use S3 now, in production, for one of our offerings that is not core to our business, and one for which an arbitrary 8 hours of downtime would not present a problem. We also built two years ago the ability to overflow our bulk/cold image uploads to S3 if we run out of space on our in-house storage. Here again, if we suddenly find ourselves having substantial unforecast demand, it's better to go out to a third party than to turn customers away because the disk is full. 99.90% is >>> 0.00%. :) ) Oh man, this is going to kill a good bit of my Sunday morning... (Thanks!) Using gas to heat water in instant/tankless fashion most certainly works just fine. There are off-the-shelf units that can deliver over 5 gallons per minute at 75*F temperature rise. Honestly, I'm not sure it's worth your time and effort to try to engineer a turnaround of "Big Dumb Company" from the lower runks of the inside. The chance of success (meaning a full transformation to "Not So Dumb Corp") is so unlikely and life is way too short for that. I suspect parent meant "priced too high" which you are just thinking of as "market dried up". Here's an example: I'll give you, sight unseen, $1 for each of them (US or CA, your choice). You don't want to take it? Of course not, because the price you want for it (your ask) is higher than my bid, and my bid is probably not even the best bid (someone who has seen it will almost certainly offer you $2). "market dried up" is a shorthand for "the inside bid is fairly low", which is basically what noonespecial said and you disagreed with. We're seriously considering putting them in developer desktops, but are waiting to test the ioXtreme (a slightly downmarket product from the same company). 2 grand to dramatically improve developer productivity isn't that big a deal (the other top contender is 1 or 2 X25-Es, so the upcharge is at/under 2K) I think that's wrong on two accounts: 1. True corporate debt dies when the company dies, just as personal debt dies with the person. If someone has signed a personal guarantee on "corporate" debt, that's not the case, of course, but in that event, the shareholders of the company are not obligated to dip into their pocket to satisfy what amounts to personal debt of someone else. 2. If 90% of the shares remain with the company as treasury shares and you and I, as co-founders, each has 5% of the company vested, then our 5% stakes ALSO have a beneficial interest in the proportional share of the treasury shares. In a valueless company, of course that's irrelevant. > All advertising email is spam, "solicited" is just a weasel-word to sugar coat... Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Everyone is not entitled to their own facts (in this case, definition). Even the hyper-vigilant about as far as you can be in that direction SpamHaus, disagrees with you and accepts the common definition that solicited email is, by definition, not spam. You may consider all advertising email to be spam, just as you may consider all four legged mammals to be dogs. Doesn't make it so. In a stable and good relationship, my work is dramatically better in quality, even if the quantity of hours spent on work is slightly lower than when I'm single and not bothering to "chase". During past bad relationships, or phases when I was "racking up a number", my work was definitely impaired. How did I prevent it? I suppose I didn't, but I mostly just worried about being a decent human being to people I know, and not sweating whether casual sweating was immoral. Side note: once you get to about 30, I don't think anyone talks in terms of your number, and your ability to find a "quality woman" (itself an error-prone reduction of many dimensions to one) will not be changed by even a few score of scores. I sense that your philosophy may lean towards the Christian from your finding consensual casual sex immoral, so your fitness function for quality woman might be way different from mine, and the women who rate highly over that function might actually care about your "number". IMO, if you're still single at 30, no one ought to shocked that your number is well into double digits.