Nonsense. For every legitimate example of such a malware-infected program you can think of or find, the community can point you to at least X others that are completely clean. Your suggestion is not a practical one, but rather an opinionated one. And the hiku does what, exactly? One of the most useless websites I've ever seen. It barely has any details on what the hiku is or what it does; and if I wanted more info, I'd have to go to their support section on another domain to peruse their "FAQ". No thanks. Have you ever tried to scan barcodes with a cellphone? For anything other than some sort of "novelty" "let's trying this cool new QR hipster app" type of situation. Their examples look amazing and pretty. But. Good luck trying to use them, though. They're very delicate, and break unless you make sure to find all the relevant CSS and cruft around them. Definitely not "plug and play". Not to mention your blog engine/site is broken. Please fix the fact that we can't click on the right scrollbar due to your fancy shmancy javascript side menu. Put it on the left hand side, or don't overlay it over the scrollbar. Damn #hipstercoders So famous is only for fast javascript browsers? That says it all... damn #hipstercoders. And yes, it works fast on chrome, dog slow on Firefox. Since when did we decide to collectively ignore Firefox users because we want to use some fancy shmancy JS framework so we can write our code using an "opinionated" approach? And I quote "opinionated" as that is precisely how the readme describes the "famou.us" way of building "rich, fast web applications". You make it seem as if she had no way to stop it. As far as I'm concerned, if you can stop violence, you have a moral duty to do so. Otherwise, you are complicit in said violence. At the very least she should have SAID something about it. But no, politicians stay quiet instead of rocking the boat so that they can keep all "buddy buddy" with their fellow ruling-class members. They'd rather have you believe that voting with your wallet doesn't work. They would prefer that you think the only way to enact change is through coercive governmental power. It fits their world-view and pocket-book quite nicely. Amazing... And very smooth! In one of the graph examples, I plugged in 500 nodes, thinking it would crash. But it failed very gracefully, and simply "slowed" things down instead of jittering into oblivion. I can't seem to be able to find good examples of kinectJS in action. Could you please point me to some solid examples or in-depth tutorials? I think what's confusing me the most is I'm not quite sure how or what "html5canvastutorials" has to do with KinectJS. But thanks for the link, I'll go about giving it another try :) These sorts of things are an unfortunate side-effect of the fact that individuals aren't allowed to write off their expenses as tax-deductible. Sort of how companies are allowed to write off their own expenses before calculating tax on "earnings". So the market gravitates towards compensating employees in a tax-deductible sort of way. He's on his soap box, again. Apparently, he's an expert in absolutely everything under the sun. Therefore we must listen to him, err, or something like that. Treat it like a plain blog. Take it with a grain of salt as it's just one way, one person's opinion. If you like it, great. If not, move along... Just because he's got good advice on certain topics, doesn't mean we should listen to him on everything else. Classic intelligentsia syndrome. That's the media for you, and not necessarily "Fox" or whatever x-wing group you seem to dislike. Fox news is only seen as "bad" because it doesn't exaggerate reality to the side that the majority like. The other news media outlets do the exact same thing, just towards the other side of the narrative. Both sides of the media play on peoples' emotions. The real question is: are you intellectually honest enough to entertain views and thoughts for their own merit without dismissing them flatly just because "they're from Fox", "John Stossel", or "Romney". "Locally raised and spent" If only. That would be a great form of funding community governance. Where local communities help themselves up, instead of practically begging for scraps from a wealthy government that really doesn't care until it gets them votes. Change has to come from within. And it won't come so long as people think like you. i.e. "Change can come when funding comes from better places" Which completely ignores the real problems and real difficulties facing real people in those places you seem to not want to live in. Ask yourself why you don't want to live there. Ah yes, so it's my fault that groups of individuals decided to not take care of their neighborhood, right. Sorry, no, but people need to take responsibility for their own actions. And I will in no way share blame for a second generation further ruining their kids' futures because they're too short-sighted and expect the rest of us to do it for them. We as a society can only share blame for one generation. The next one is on the parents. The standard argument I've heard against "accountability" is that "leaders" won't "lead" properly if they know they could be held accountable for the consequences after leaving "office". It's utter bullshit, and there is absolutely no way for any of us to change it, or do anything about it. I'd call for us to 'scientificize' the shit out of politics, but it would do no good. We all know what an utter failure the social sciences are when it comes to the scientific method. Mainly due to unpredictable human nature and the vagueness of social and political policy. I seem to recall them getting a big fat law suit when they tried to bundle things with their OS. Perhaps they don't bundle things anymore for a reason? Interesting library + concept. I'll definitely keep an eye on it for future projects. Some minor issues: The video tutorials are very hard to follow. I say this as someone that has never worked with Rails or Ruby. So when you start talking about "routes", "partials" and I see code referencing "paginate" and erb files on your server code... In very alien-looking syntax, I might add. It makes for a very hard "tutorial" to follow. I would definitely suggest making server tech-agnostic tutorials. Where you simply talk about the urls being requested, what they return and how they interact with the client-side. Please exclude specific server-side tech, no matter how cool or "fancy" it is, or how knowledgeable you are in it. I'm curious about this "20% annual maintenance fee" you mentioned. Care to elaborate a little more on it? Or is in the podcast you linked? You missed the biggest one, bud: 4. Governments are guaranteed to interfere. Either to help, or impede. No, I'm saying it's the parents' fault for their children remaining poor. Or did you not read anything I wrote and just blatantly jumped to conclusions? As someone who has come from a poor family, I know full well what sacrifice and hard work can do to uplift your children's prospects in the world. Even if that means drastic life changes. And as a consequence of that, I will not accept peoples' excuses for remaining in poverty. Nor will I share the blame for their failings. Of course Pickety doesn't mention it. That would ruin his narrative. And it wouldn't back his central thesis and proposal to tax the living excrement out of the rich. You know, to fix a problem none of us ever knew of until he "told us" about it in his giant weary book. But I'll hold off on a proper rant about him and his book once I've read it. I'm still looking for a proof that income inequality is a "threat" to "democracy"... Or as he put it, the "meritocratic values of democracy". As if we have anything remotely resembling a "meritocratic" society, even if it was a democratic one. Agreed. This has historically always been the case. There is a reason that early cities formed around navigable waterways, trade-routes, or near specific wealth-making resources. One need only look to the middle east that was almost entirely desert and small-towns a short while ago (relatively speaking) to get a more recent and visible example of this. Equality is the exception, not the rule throughout history, including the recent "enlightened" one. So you're basically saying that you're only a "hacker" if you do stuff with hardware. That is completely upside down, if not borderline elitist. Building stuff and "hacking" has no requirement for hardware. It hasn't been that way for a long while. Now excuse me while I gladly take our Raspberry Pis, Arduinos and "software" thingimaggigs off your precious lawn. Well, then we obviously differ in our definitions of "not wasting" our lives. I find time spent creating something/anything as worthwhile, whereas you find time spent being challenged as worthwhile. In the end we're both creating something; spawning usefulness from our own doing. It's still a learning experience, even if you're not overly technically challenged or frustrated. I agree with you, of course. Though I'd say it's not just wealth, but political clout and "connectedness" as well. There are quite a few influential community/union leaders that aren't all that wealthy, but command a great deal of political power. Both by virtue of the people who they "lead" and the contacts they have in various levels of government. What I'm trying to point out with the above is that: We are already assuming that the wealthy have a selfish or non-altruistic motive behind their actions, simply by virtue of them having wealth. If we go down that route, then we essentially need to admit that the problem isn't that the wealthy are selfish, but that their wealth enables them to exert that selfishness much more. You are most certainly right that this is a flaw of government, or democracy in general. However, it is not a flaw of capitalism. It is, in fact, a virtue of capitalism: that money represents our "vote". But that vote doesn't magically stay with us, it get's transferred every time we "vote", or buy things. Nope, we're with you on this one. It's a flat-out money grab. From an institution that we expect to keep the internet running. Great idea, right? You know, instead, they could fix the damn email and content spamming rampantly going on the internet. But no, those things don't give ICANN yearly profits. I guess they fail to realize that spam-detection is one of the main things behind Gmail's phenomenal success since its inception. Oh so squatters are bad, but the people that enable them aren't? What they have now is a devious double-standard system. It starts off with "first-come, first-serve" and then when money is involved and some large/well-established entity cries foul, they then change the rules to be "more-money, first-serve". Now don't get me wrong, I think domain squatting is a horrible, horrible practice. But we really need to solve the root of the problem, and that is a greedy ICANN that enables domain-registrars, and itself, to double-dip the cake for profit! First they could start by revoking domain ownership if spam comes from there. If it keeps persisting and from multiple different IP addresses from the same block, start taking IP blocks away until it stops. Spam email doesn't just appear out of the ether. It comes from an email, a domain, and finally IP addresses. Now I know the technical details are lacking, and they obviously need to account for offenders that fix their stuff, but I'm just trying to illustrate that it is do-able. The above is for email spam. Content spam is a little bit different, and would step on quite a few toes. I view content spam as websites that mirror Wikipedia/SO/GoogleGroups for example. Or sites that simply fill their pages with garbage, referral links, URL's to game search-engine rankings, etc. Again, start by revoking the worst offende's domain ownership. Eventually, you'll be able to get rid of domain-squatters as well because it invariably means that they have to put meaningful content on their site and not useless junk. So it's a use it properly, or lose it sort of situation. The above is just not very easy, and it'll cost ICANN registration fees with seemingly no ROI. But that's a problem with ICANN. Registration fees started off as a way to prevent spamming and everyone snatching up all domains, but it's quickly turned in to a revenue cow for ICANN. They're trying to have their cake and eat it at the same time. Either they're a non-profit government/UN organization and function for the public good. Or they're a for-profit entity and they need to have their MONOPOLY status/powers revoked. "How does email spam come from a domain? You can just set whatever domain you want in the headers. For a long time, I had spammers using my personal domain in their From: headers, sent from their servers (I knew because I received automated replies on my catch-all box). What exactly would be accomplished by taking away my domain?" Solutions to prevent/combat email header spoofing have been gaining quite a bit of traction and are quite prevalant. And yes, if that means taking the domain away from people that don't implement said solutions, then poof you've lost the domain. It would accomplish getting rid of domain owners that enable spammers. "As for IP blocks, that's like throwing napalm to kill a few weeds. You'd affect hundreds or thousands of users of an ISP just to kill a spammer, who will just move to the next connection." If you lease out IPs that have been assigned to you to a spammer, then you better get him off your network. Otherwise you'll lose your entire block. It's not rocket science, nor is it overkill. You mention that spammers will move on to the next connection if they get kicked off. Yeah, well that's not really ICANN's problem is it, that's up to the IP block lessee's to solve if they want to start sub-leasing out to unknown/untrusted individuals in the public. "So instead of issuing TLDs, they could start performing censorship. I'm seriously glad they don't share your views." There is a big difference between censorship and removing junk from your network. Perhaps it is something we should worry about, but we should have thought of censorship BEFORE we allowed the US to maintain control of ICANN, don't you think? "Having a website sitting somewhere is not spam" Probably not the common definition, but if it pollutes the domain/tld namespace with useless/junk domains then yes you can call it spam. "It's not being pushed on anyone; if search engines are indexing content that their users don't want to see, that's their problem" I agree with you. However, my point was more along the lines of "use it for something useful, or lose it" in order to both prevent useless domain squatting AND content spam. "Many of us around the world already find the US' TV censorship quite ridiculous, we don't need any more of that." Nope, we don't, I agree with you. Hence why I suggested we either treat ICANN like a for-profit private enterprise with NO government monopoly or privilege of licensing, OR we damn well make sure it behaves like non-profit acting for the public good. I.e. no lucrative money grabs such as the one in this article. Assuming that's even possible with an entity controlled by the US government. Look. These are just some ideas we can implement to combat spam and other malicious behavior on the internet. But sticking our heads in the sand by ignoring some of these solutions just because they aren't perfect is definitely not going to fix them. At the very least they're better than what we have now. I didn't have a problem with it until I read your comment. Then I went back and re-tried it. Somehow, I just couldn't quite wrap my head around how to use it... Perhaps it's the act of me trying to "overthink" how to use the UI as opposed to just using it in what comes natural through innocent exploration. So if I don't even use my domain for email, I'm liable to lose it because I don't have the knowledge or even awareness to set up the proper SPF records or whatever solution du jour? That's a terrible tax on people who just want to have their own small website. I never said that. Are you even trying to have a discussion, or just disagreeing for its own sake? Not really, because they don't usually censor. It should be something we should worry about if we gave you the control of ICANN. Didn't you just complain about US government censorship in your previous post? Either way, you're blatantly clumping together censorship with other things, so it's pointless to discuss this point with you. No, because "useless" is subjective. Doesn't matter if the majority of people agree with the subjective opinion. And currently we have the subjective opinion of the few managers of the ICANN calling all the shots. I don't see why is this TLD scheme against the public good in any way. Transferring money from big companies to an organization which provides such a core service seems great to me, and all the downsides I've been hearing about are mostly people's aesthetically sensibilities being hurt. Wow, you didn't actually read anything I wrote about this point, did you? Guess that wouldn't fit your narrative or suit your argument. Adding censorship is never better. That's your opinion, really. Again, loaded with a biased and opinionated definition of "censorship", rendering discussion of this point with you pretty useless. Good day. Looks like someone has been watching too many Matt Damon movies. On a more serious, less snarky note, though: Why are you so scared of there even being a "wealthy dynasty"? For that matter, you and people with similar views as you are yet to prove that it would even be a bad thing. I'm curious how you arrive at such a conclusion; step me through it? "Let's just hope we figure out that space thing before they ever figure out rejuvenation." Doom-sayers were spreading similar fud about food and population growth barely a century ago, and look how that turned out. Science is always a few steps away from fixing a plethora of the world's ills. Precisely as the above food-dilemma shows. And yet on the other side, you would seek to deny science power to prevent such things from actually being a problem? Sort of a self-fulfilling prophesy you have there, buddy. You don't speak for all of us. What gives you any authority whatsoever to claim what the purpose of my, or anyone else's, existence is? Hence why they are going to Mars and the rest of space: to find more of it. Please, pay attention, try to keep up! Next we'll have conspiracy theorists claiming that blood-donation drives are a conspiracy by the 1% or the rich to kill off the poor!! And not all components of a discussion/conversation/debate have to be "arguments" as you put it. Ironic how your comment is the one that didn't actually add anything to the conversation/topic I was having with that other guy. Nice, I never knew about that feature, thanks! Just tried it out on some of my work, and it's a breeze to use. However, seems that scrollbars behave slightly differently in it. In my case they aren't appearing in certain sub-containers. Have you had any such issues with it? Bankruptcy should mean that the individual(s) responsible for the debt need to be held liable for it indefinitely. Regardless if there is a corporation/LLC/company between the responsible individuals and the people that lost their money. As an example, the responsible individuals of Mt.Gox would need to come up with a repayment plan for every single penny/bitcoin that they still owe. The fact that it was "stolen" from them is irrelevant, as the users entrusted the safekeeping of their money/bitcoin to MtGox. If that means that they will continually have X% of their yearly incomes divied up amongst the users, then so be it. And this will continue indefinitely until the debt has been repaid. Sadly, this sort of solution to the problem would never be instituted in our society. Precisely because it exposes flaws in our concept of the relation between debt and slavery. In essence, it would put the individuals responsible for the fraud in a sort of indentured servitude until the debt has been settled. It does sound like quite a scary proposition, I'll be honest. As it's something completely alien to what we're accustomed to when it comes to debt/bankruptcy. But I assure you, if this were ever instituted, and a few individuals got bitten by it: Society as a whole will grow in a much safer direction, both with more security precautions when debt is involved, and with insurance to cover losses such as this. All that, without state intervention/bailout. "This whole petty vengeance thing is quite barbaric, to be honest." It's not vengeance, it's getting back what was stolen or defrauded from you. If you wish to pardon peoples' debts to you, then that's your humanitarian deed, but leave it at that. Instead, you want to make a legal loophole for people to steal from you. And then people like you whine and complain incessantly about "the wall street wolf banksters and corporations that stole money" etc etc. Yeah, well that's a natural consequence of you making legal loopholes because you feel sorry for the poor and get taken advantage of. "You say the fact that it was stolen is irrelevant. Lets say someone ram raids the office, holds a gun to the CEOs head and demands the keys to the bitcoin. Do you think that he should be personally liable in that situation?" Well, that all depends on what sort of agreement I had with the institution in question. This is precisely the sort of thing that insurance is supposed to fix. If the owners failed to get insurance to cover whatever agreement they went in to, then yes, they should be held fully liable for the losses. That's a very negative and demeaning view of humanity. I think we're way too ingenious and creative to let risk stop us from doing amazing things. Perhaps if something is risky, then maybe it shouldn't succeed, ever thought of that? Perhaps risky things come with greater rewards precisely because they are more likely to fail? Why? He clearly doesn't enjoy talking to people. I'd say it's the other people forcing him to talk to them as having the problem. If someone doesn't look like they want to talk, then why don't you give them the courtesy of simply not bothering them? " Speaking to a stranger != accosting. " It is if they clearly make it obvious that they don't want to be talked to. "Piketty has a habit of not looking at consumption inequality which is the thing we might actually be worried about" The actual quote from the article. So people reading your [misleading comment] know that the author didn't actually put a [baseless insult] where you claim he did. "The privacy concerns and having Google collect yet more data about the universe? Not so much." Why? As far as I'm aware, they haven't been snooping into people's private data. Nor have they been explicitly selling it to any third party. And the haven't been abusing the data we have given them. Now, don't get me wrong, they have most certainly been monetizing that data. But that's a different story. Are you simply just scared of what Google will store/infer about you? So let me get this straight... According to you, having someone analyze and criticize your work, and state so is in fact actually saying "hurr, durr, [attack_target]'s too stoopid" ? And yes, you are misleading. Because if I didn't actually go read that article and find the part you were complaining about I would have assumed an actual insult was where you claimed it was. Whereas, in fact, I found criticism, which the author attempts to justify/backup in the rest of the article. But you'd have us believe that that was all that was in the whole article. That's called misleading people; pretty much general dishonesty on your part. " Everyone who has had problems with the teaching of mainstream economics as a means to lessen inequality now have more evidence. " So when I read most of the articles regarding this book, all I can picture is a slew of angry mob-like people shouting: Those pesky economists must be wrong! This guy is saying stuff we all like to hear, therefore he is correct! Indeed, the public is fickle, and will naturally gravitate to what feels good and re-affirms what they feel is true. There has been a growing mistrust of intellectuals of late, and it's because people are dissatisfied. Intellectuals have been losing the media war with the government. No, you misunderstand what I was saying/askin. I asked "Why?" And then I proceeded to enumerate all the reasons I could think of that would lead a reasonable person to have "privacy concerns" about Google. And I also said that they did none of those. Agreed. Abuse wouldn't be even very feasible to define, let alone get the majority of people to agree on. Here's another non-obvious solution to the problem: Start making sure that insurance companies have no payouts if the driver's phone was on X amount of time before the accident. That way they pay for their own damage, and the damage done to everyone around them. Regardless if they were "at fault" using conventional reasoning. How about another one: Require all vehicles to install cell phone tethers that have the driver's registered sim card in it. Disable it during the drive. Mandate it's installation, and penalize people that break it, even more so if they were in an accident. Almost ALL problems have a technical/legislative solution for them. The only real problem is that no one has either the resolve, balls, lawyers, political backing, or money to implement/require those technical/legislative solutions. So all we get are half-asses solutions with selective (and sometimes biased) enforcement by the police/courts. Guess the "pigs" # are indeed more equal than the rest of us. #And no, I don't mean pigs as in the derogatory term for the police. No, I'm saying we're not all equal if such "special privileges" are granted to some special few individuals for one reason or another. Overall, it was a reference to the Animal Farm book. But if you want to know if I think it's wrong for us to have inequality in the form of non-universal applications of morality or "law", then I'll answer with Yes. "The purpose of insurance isn't to protect the driver, it's to protect the victim of an accident" Well, first of all. It depends on what kind of insurance, and who got it. What I'm saying is that all of the insurance that the reckless driver has, whether for himself, or for third-party damage, should be denied. That way it's ALL out-of-pocket for him, assuming the law finds him reckless and owes damages to the victims. Now, of course. The victim should have their own insurance, if they're smart. So they are covered whether or not the reckless driver was insured, or his insurance pays out third parties for damage. Of course, as one of the other posters mentioned above. "Poor reckless drivers won't be able to pay the victim, and this will hurt the victim." Well, I'm not an advocate of more-state, but if that's what tickles your fancy, then mandate insurance. Like, I asssume, they already do for third-party damage? I don't live in the US so I don't know about that. "I have 1-3 mobile phones on me most times and share around 7 SIM cards between them. Also, what about cars with more than one driver?" Well you're an exception. And if you think that's a reasonable argument against my solution, then you obviously didn't read it in its entirety, or you didn't understand it. If it's the latter, then I'm sorry I failed you. My point is that no one really wants to fix this problem, they just want to appear to fix it. Because if they really wanted to fix it, it would be fixed with whatever draconian/weird/unique/ballsy solution works. "Legislative solutions should only be considered as a last resort, not the first option." I agree with you. I'm not one to advocate more laws or more state as I'm an anarcho-capitalist. But the point I was trying to make is that if people really wanted the state to fix this problem, it would be. Either through more laws, incentives, education, technology, whatever. (Side note: this assumes the state 100% does what the general public wants.) " Yes, the paradox is that daydreaming and apparent purposelessness are, in the long run, about the most important things that get done. Or at least the beginning of the most important things: things which eventually become more active and purposeful. " Assuming you actually do something with those thoughts/ideas/daydreams. I have a habit of thinking of wonderful ideas, and never quite getting around to them. At some point, too many ideas are quite debilitating. But perhaps that's just me. Every since I started on some fun personal projects, I find my alone/me time is spent not thinking up new ideas, but thinking of ideas on how to improve/do the parts of the project I'm currently working on. No, economists have been arguing and studying for over 200 years, probably more. Simply saying they've been "studying it" for 200 years doesn't make your view or your choice of economists correct. Let's have a look at the parent poster's points that you're curious about: 1. "Governments are a form of organized violence" This is correct in quite a few different interpretations, even according to some politicians like Obama. Not only that, but have you looked at the statistics regarding how many individuals have been killed by government action? Wars? Execution? Atomic Bombs? Some people, including me, will go so far as to define the government/state as an "organization with a monopoly on force/violence within a geographic area". 2. " [..]capital class use to protect their access to ecological and infrastructural resources " Not quite sure about this one, really. But the government/state does indeed limit usage/access to resources in the environment, for one reason or another. But it also chooses to give/deny access to certain infrastructure. Ever heard of a poor person going to a public school in a rich neighborhood? Bet you've heard about the perks/protection that civil servants, politicians and union members get from the government. 3. " [..]thereby denying those resources to the poor. " Government does indeed give quite a few things to the poor. It also incentivizes them not to use the resources available to them in the natural environment. Perhaps that's what the parent poster was talking about. It's no longer feasible for a poor guy to strike it rich by going out into the wilderness and discovering oil. Not just because the easy wells have been found already, but because the government won't grant them permits/resource rights. Also, here is some extra reading. First some logical fallacies you seem to be using. And another link regarding the ethics of anarcho-capitalism. Also, the numbering is not linked to the above list. [1]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum [2]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_authority [3]. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism#Ethics Here is the javascript: http://www.json-generator.com/js/app.753945435.js Don't think the source is open-source, though. " Free markets are bad in adjusting for environment costs " The concept of "environment" is completely in-congruent with the free market. Because, if indeed you had a "Free market", you'd have to concede that everything is on the market. That includes public property, which is practically never for sale and are mostly hoarded by the state without any chance of private ownership/transfer. That's called a monopoly. Individuals/entities have an incentive to abuse un-ownable(public) property, rather than to develop/protect it like they do for private-property. So, perhaps you should change your comment to "Regulated markets in the presence of a monopoly state are bad in adjusting for environment costs." But if we indeed had a free-market, I'd concede that there are a few examples where the market would be slow to "adjust its costs". Prime examples would be air and ocean pollution because they're currently technologically unfeasible to own/delineate. Agreed. It's also a very easy/handy line of thinking that sadly a lot of people are prone to: http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Good_old_days "This is the logical and likely necessary progression. And it really does require some leadership." You can't just tout your opinion as "logical". We live in the real world, where people have their own opinions and wants/desires. Just because it's "logical" according to you for society to move in a specific direction using a specific political system, doesn't mean that everyone will agree with it, nor that it is logical for them to do so. It's odd how all these political schemes always work in "absolutes", and never allowing anyone to take themselves out of it voluntarily. Hint : If someone doesn't like the political system, then you're acting immorally and violently by forcing them to abide by it. In the anarcho-capitalist "system", there are only two laws and all the others are applications of them. You would be surprised at what a coherent, and fair system only two laws can generate: 1. Private property. Covers ownership. 2. Non-aggression principle. Keeps people from hurting others. And the reason the parent poster said "obvious" is because they are completely agreeable and obvious to most reasonable people. Everyone can agree that their property is their own (assuming they didn't steal it), and that hurting others is bad. Don't forget to include a few common and important properties of the library model that I think are very pertinent to this discussion: 1. If you damage the book that you are "borrowing" or "sharing" then you are to pay a fixing/repair fee. 2. Natural degradation/wear & tear of books is covered by a general library fee/subscription. To illustrate my point: Please tell me where/how can I buy the land for a river/beach in the United States? How about some 30x30 meters of lagoon beach? I'm filthy rich, and I want to own a river... Thought so. Here is the formal definition of monopoly that I just looked up: " the exclusive possession or control of the supply or trade in a commodity or service. " The fact that there are near-substitutes is a factor in preventing monopolies from forming in a free-market. Not so in the case of a state-lorded market, where there is no near-substitute or alternative for a lot of things. This encompasses a lot of things, and public property is one of them. Another definition of monopoly: "a commodity or service in the exclusive control of a company of group." Let us not forget that the state owns all land, and you're merely renting it from them. If you doubt that, please proceed to not pay your property taxes and let us know how that goes for the "ownership" of your land/property. Or for that matter, hold land that the government wants; it will eventually cease it from you via eminent domain. However, I will conceded that I probably didn't use the word monopoly in the standard, cookie definition. But that's usually the case when arguing against a behemothic concept such as the state. Perhaps you'd look past that, and understand the point I was trying to make rather than the pedantic, non-near perfect usage of a word. I tend to do that with words :) Well, I guess that depends on our definition of environment. It's clearly vague, and the lines are completely blurred. So yes, I'd agree with you, there is no one that is currently interested in the stewardship of the "environment" except for principled individuals that believe it should be taken care of. There are plenty of examples where people own pieces of land, and they take very good care of it (and sometimes opposite). I grew up in a country where most low-mid and middle class individuals owned sizable plots of land. They spent quite a fair bit of time and money tending to their plots because it was theirs and represented value to them. Even more so for commercial versions of such ownership; particularly forestry enterprises. This is the case that free-market individuals make for the environment. Which is a concept that a lot of state-centered individuals find flawed in free-market thinking. Precisely because the definitions of "environment" differ. To state-centered individuals, the "environment" is something non-concrete, over-arching and pretty much difficult to delineate from the rest of the land. The opposite of that is where someone considers land to be theirs, for their exclusive use, and will thus develop it and maintain is value. If that value is due to the scenery, then it will be preserved. Wow, you really want me to expound on an entire philosophical system in a few short paragraphs? I'm not trying to cop out of this discussion, it's just that these are all things that have been covered numerous times. There are a lot of very smart people spending a great deal of time enumerating all the complications you seem to think are deal-breakers. I'll address you more generally, then, and pick a few big ones to respond to. Anarcho capitalism, and the two rules I mentioned. They don't just encompass a legal system, but a philosophical system as well (like you mentioned). The idea being that if we can come up with basic set of rules that are moral, and we don't break them, then we have come up with a moral/fair judicial system that is grounded in fairness for all because the same rules apply to everyone. " What's a valid contract? " Anything that you voluntarily enter into and whoever you've chosen to help you arbitrate disputes with the other contractees. You're free to do so, even if you enter into a contract to do bad things. The contract is valid between you two, but you will no-doubt get in to trouble for the things you end up doing. Again, a big implementation-specific question. No morals here. But if you must know: most arbitration committees/courts/whatever you want to call them will probably not look kindly on contracts that break the basic tenets of harm/property. "What about harm caused to the polity by non-aggressive use of force (drunk driving without regard to other's lives?" First of all, in a free society, there is no "polity". Second, reckless driving is handled by private property. Whoever owns the road you drive on sets the rules; if you don't abide by them, you can't drive on that road because it's private property. It's already that way, really, it's just that you don't notice it because you see the state. If someone wishes to create a set of roads where people can drive recklessly, then others are free to use other roads that agree to their sense/level of security. " What happens when someone breaks your stuff and can't pay for it? " Insurance, on either side. Look past the state, and you will see ingenious solutions to remedy and dampen risk/loss. I'm on my third one, and it seems you're just trying to come up with contrived/weird scenarios. Solutions to these problems are just endless, but remember, they must not behave in an immoral way (by breaking the two basic rules mentioned in my previous post). Perhaps if you have a taste, you might be curious to read up some more. " There is no bright line, every issue has to be considered separately and people will always disagree. " People disagree now. It's just that you have no choice in it at all . We're all forced to "agree" on a certain set of arbitrarily and "consistently" chosen set of rules that only a majority of us supposedly agree on. On a side note, I look forward to the day when free-minded individuals can come up with solutions to all these problems in a peaceful and non-coercive manner. Until then, we'll be stuck coming up with utilitarian solutions. If you're curious, I can point you to some resources/books regarding anarcho-capitalism and related topics. There are some nice introductions out there; some of which detail all the possible combinations of problems you can think of. I've had good success using Celery to parallelize tasks/jobs in python. www.celeryproject.org Also, it has a very nice concept called canvas that allows you to chain/combine the data/results of different tasks together. It also allows you to switch out different implementations of the communication infrastructure that Celery uses to communicate and dish-out tasks. Speed is just one of the many things that people consider when evaluating what language/stack to use for a particular job/task. So how does that figure into all the individual pieces of land that people own? Is my land not part of the larger eco-system of the planet? I'd argue it is, and I take pretty darn good care of it. Are we somehow saying that we can't extrapolate this to a larger scale? For further reading, you might find this interesting: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuum_fallacy and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorites_paradox "The cashier made a big deal about it when I went through the checkout line, laughing loudly at my stupidity for purchasing such an expensive model and actually exhorting the cashier in the next lane to do the same.[..]I was really embarrassed;" I'm sorry you experienced something like that. That is a positively horrible thing to do to a customer. I would have gone straight through to the manager to complain. And then I would have told him I'm not buying it, and he can thank the two cashiers for that. That would have probably been quite a chunk of their salary that they wasted for the store. They would have probably gotten fired for it. It's one thing to give advice, and a nudge if a customer is misinformed by the sale staff. It's something completely different to mock/embarrass him for whatever smart/stupid buying decision he makes. On the plus side, at least you're glad about your purchase now and have gotten a good deal for your money 12 years later. And people wonder why inequality is supposedly increasing. Did we not ever stop to think that we're putting up barriers that prevent the poor from equalizing with the rich? "the right to live should not be dependent on the ability to pay" Wow, the rhetoric is strong in this one. Not only is this a catchy statement that will appeal to the masses, but it's also completely vague and devoid of any substance. I suppose if a medical treatment cost a few million dollars a pop, and it has to come out of his paycheck, he'll be very quick to put "buts" and "exceptions" in his statement. If people really thought like him, we'd be getting our governments to be spending huge sums of money on health/healthcare/medical research. But we don't. So either he's one of the few that think this way, or there is something else at play. " It is a long and tough debate, and there is no right answer. However, for those that think Cipla is all about saving the world, remember that it is a for-profit company. " Ah yes, the non-profit/for-profit organization fallacy. Boils down to something like: Organizations that don't make profits will only do good. Completely disregarding the fact that a lot/most of its leaders/workers are there working for-profit via a salary, and it's in their best interest to perpetuate their organization. And also there is an incentive to not fix the problem the organization is supposed to solve because that will mean the dissolution of the organization. Now, don't get me wrong. Some of these organizations do a whole world of good, have very passionate and dedicated individuals that are probably working for free, and there are a lot of causes that benefit greatly from their presence. But let's not fool ourselves into putting non-profit organizations on an almighty moral pedestal where we claim they can do no wrong. While simultaneously demonizing organizations that try to make a profit out of giving people what they want/need. Agreed, they already spend a huge sum of money on healthcare. My point was that they don't spend a "huge" enough amount of money to make "right to live" possible in all scenarios. "I'm an employee, it should also be my right to work more without the governement always taxing me extra." Working extra means you earn more. You live in a society that taxes a percentage of your earnings. What part of those two concepts don't you understand? I'm not using the deriving ought from is logical fallacy. I'm simply pointing out the facts, and the logical conclusions from that. But if you want to be all formal with your argumentation, here it is for you in all its simplistic and formal glory: P1. Taxes are based on percentage of earnings. P2. More work implies higher pay P3. You work more Conclusion1: Your pay is higher Conclusion2: You will pay higher taxes. And yet, a quarter of the whole budget gets spent on Medicare/Medicaid. That's more than the US war apparatus's spending, which is a mere 18%. Framer: "Sorry, only WebKit based browsers like Chrome and Safari are supported for now." I think you're just trying to be argumentative/pedantic for no reason that I can think of or immediately see. Besides, you took one interpretation of "should", and I took another; nothing wrong with both. So you can either choose to be pedantic and continue nitpicking, or you can admit you were wrong in accusing me of a logical fallacy, or bask in the glory that you just watched me make an actual fallacy (before my edit). It's unfortunate that the system for paying taxes has become so complicated. It's no wonder that people complain about rich people exploiting tax-law. Whereas they simply have the inclination/money to hire accountants that do the books properly, and give them the advice they need to keep their affairs in perfect-tax working order. Sure could, and I'm guessing the current law framework would semi-allow it. Do you think it would be different if people were allowed to own pieces of ocean/sea? Am I the only one that considers the title of this very "bait"-y? I mean, if you go on and read the article, it clearly shows that native PyPy is leaps and bounds faster than the JS version. So in essence, it re-iterates what most of us already know... That the PyPy implementation is much faster than the standard CPython one. It's just now we get to "prove" it in JS as well, as if it's some "suck it, python users" flaunt. On a side note: To the PyPy.js authors/devs, great job! Looking forward to playing around with this. I really don't understand this obsession with anonymous functions. If you're doing anything longer than one line, there is absolutely no reason why you should be sticking the entire function definition as a parameter. I've had great usage from Javascript where I have separate functions with proper names and formatting, and then pass a reference to them into the code that asks for them. Can someone please enlighten me about this whole anonymous functions thing that Javascript seems to have popularized? What are some of the pro's of using it over regular named/defined functions that sit by themselves and are reusable . "In a capitalist economy" And yet the only reason the price is this high is because there is a monopoly involved. Yes, government-granted, and given to Verisign. Indeed, you are right. I was quite curious about them, and I wanted to know if there was something I was missing. Some reasoning that I knew not of, and that others did. However, I'm about halfway through the chapter on "Higher order procedures" in the book you linked to, and have skimmed the rest of that chapter. And I've yet to find a valid pro for anonymous methods. Nothing I've found so far as to the benefit of using anonymous functions. It does however, continuously reiterate the benefit of being able to pass "procedures as arguments" and to be able to return them from normal functions. So far, that's been the only "pro" and it's one that's solved by function pointers or having functions as objects, and not by anonymous methods. I'm still open for convincing, genuinely. Here's another jewel from that chapter: " The resulting procedure is just as much a procedure as one that is created using define. The only difference is that it has not been associated with any name in the environment. " On a side note, your initial post was a tad condescending. The other post at least gave me the relevant chapter, instead of saying "here, read this for yourself". The least you could have done was give me a few short points why you think anonymous methods are superior in some way. Perhaps pointing me to a large blob of text was your way of deferring your own justifications for their use by not having to explain it to me (and as a consequence, yourself)? Thanks for the link to the relevant chapter! " This is why the current status quo has worked for so long: ISPs have no way to legally make profits out of "premium" traffic, so they (generally) don't apply outrageous QoS measures. Money is the only incentive, and removing that incentive solves the problem without the need for active policing. " And because they weren't allowed to charge extra for "premium" traffic, they essentially switched over to the over-subscription model in order to make profit. The tighter you squeeze, the stronger it oozes out the sides. And never in the place or way you wish it would!! " [..]throw overlays all around the screen " They've adapted. I've seen sites in the wild that do the opposite. Use CSS to hide all the content, and then use JS to enable proper viewing. "In python, it would be proper to say that ALL functions are lambdas except that some/most of those lambdas are assigned to variables via syntactic sugar" If a function is "assigned to a variable" then it's no longer a lambda, because it's bound to an identifier. But I suppose the lines are a tad blurred. Agreed. This used to be the case with Slashdot, but that became a shithole with the new management. Sorry for the language, but as a long-time reader and commenter on Slashdot, I was very bitter when stuff started going downhill. I've found HN to be a very good alternative. The comments/discussions were a bit iffy to get into at first with some trigger-happy downmods, but overall I think the conversation is very constructive. And there is a dearth of information and helpful things being said. [..]being said/posted on HN. Sorry, should have elaborated that sentence. Any idea where we can keep a pulse/view on that other galaxy? Wow, dearth does NOT mean what I though it does. Anyways, I meant to say "lots", which is the complete opposite of dearth. Thanks for being confused :) The docs for the defaultdict are here: https://docs.python.org/2/library/collections.html#collectio... And they pretty much say that there is only one method that's been overridden from the normal dict class. And all it does is it executes the anonymous method (lamda) you supplied instead of returning the default value you pass in. Also, this depends on your usage, and what you have in the lambda expression. I'm curious about your code, care to paste/link some of it for us? And if you really need to have a piece of your code execute really quickly, you can just make C extension that python can easily invoke. Correct. The behavior you are looking for is already in the standard dict class. You just pass in an extra parameter to the get method like so: dict.get("key", "my_default_value_if key_is_not_inserted_already") Ah yes, the old "just doing my job" line. If people can't hide behind that excuse, they'll be more inclined to act like responsible citizens and human beings. So please, this is not a witch hunt. It's merely us saying that normal people, like you and me, are behind some of the madness that could potentially affect a giant section of the population. Treat them like human beings, and maybe they'll take the initiative next time without our prompting. " How do you think the patent system ended up granting basically everything in the first place? Like with practically everything benefiting huge companies in the US, it's the result of intense corporate bri... lobbying. " Well, this is the effect of the democracy that you people have created and nurtured over the years. Why do you want to blame the companies that have stepped in to take advantage of the rules you have set forth? And yes, that includes giving them the power to affect the rules. "The system is certainly broken, but a broken lock does not justify a burglar's actions." Wow, that's such a loaded analogy. You're basically saying that they must willingly sacrifice themselves on the alter of the competition just because you don't agree that this is how the system is to be used. The system isn't "broken" in the conventional sense that it doesn't do what it was built to do. It's doing it perfectly, it's just that you didn't consider the implications of someone taking your laws and systems to their logical conclusion. All the " moral " companies that agree with your usage of the patent system have not taken advantage of the patent system. The ones you do see are the ones that don't agree with your usage. And for all we know, the former is struggling because it wasn't using all the potential advantages at its disposal like the " immoral " companies did.