I'm the author. When I add new content, I'll make a note of it on my blog here: journal.stuffwithstuff.com. You can watch the RSS feed for that to see when new stuff is up. I'm talking to a publisher right now, so it might be a little while before the next chapter is done, but hopefully I can get things squared away soon and get back to cranking out text. My book aims to cover sort of the code-between-the-features. It won't teach you too much about AI, physics, etc. (there are plenty of other books for that), but I hope it will help you get those systems to hang together gracefully. > the language implementation is incredibly easy to read and understand. Thanks! After wading through an SML compiler whose author apparently thought single-letter variables and no documentation was perfectly fine in a language that doesn't even have fucking type annotations, I figured the least I could do to advance the state of the art was make the code legible. This is from hazy memory, but I stated that because I think GCC, Clang, MS's C# compiler, and javac all use hand-rolled parsers. Go is supposed to be minimalist. Every language is designed according to that rule. No language designer thinks, "Let me just slap some extra unneeded stuff in there." They just differ on what they consider necessary. In Go's case, I think many of the things they've omitted from the language are actually useful features and they've just pushed the complexity onto the users. For example, no exceptions just ends up meaning "if err != nil { return nil; }" everywhere. I do think D is probably closer to where my heart is. I think my ideal low-level language is a bit like C + some of ML's type system. I think it may be possible to get that without being as heavyweight as D, but I'm not sure. I agree completely. I had a note to discuss that (and globals, eww!) but I cut it because honestly that post was too long already. Yeah, at the time, I found his explanation uncompelling: which means you should have the choice to do efficient things, if you know what you're doing. That directly clashes with other design choices in Go. For example, taking the address of a variable on the stack implicitly puts it on the heap (at performance cost) to protect you from accidentally using the pointer after that function returns. If you're worried about it and you really care: don't pass a pointer, pass a value. ...and pay the performance penalty of doing not just a copy, but a deep copy, simply because the language doesn't have const. Constructors are easy to write in GO: Maybe I didn't clarify it enough, but I tried to explain my problem with initialization functions in the "Future-proofing" section: "If you later need more complex initialization, you’ll have to replace every new(Foo) call with NewFoo()." An exception-like mechanism has been proposed: Yes, and implemented and put in the language and referenced in the post. I'm not crazy about panic and defer for reasons spelled out a bit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/du9zu/the_langu... Circular data structures where you need to simultaneously initialize two values to each other are the common case where this is problematic. To me, that's a fairly rare edge case and you can easily handle it using mutable variables and option or maybe types. From skimming wikipedia and the code, it looks like a trellis is more or less a VList where each array in the VList is represented by a complete binary tree of an appropriate depth. That gives you the VList's O(1) average performance to find the right tree, but then you have to do an O(log n) walk down the tree to the desired element. Am I interpreting that right? > Another fairly interesting paper titled "Evaluating the dynamic behaviour of Python applications", shows that programs in dynamic languages with these runtime modification behaviours often stop modifying their behaviour after a certain amount of "load time". I find that deeply reassuring, since that's the core idea behind Magpie, the language I'm working on. It's a dynamic language with a static type-checker. The idea is that it runs dynamically at load time so you can imperatively and dynamically build your types and then after that, it statically checks the results, then invokes main() and (presumably) runs in a more or less static fashion after that. Type inference is nice and goes a long way, but it's still fundamentally different from being able to modify types imperatively at load time. For example, in Ruby, it's trivial to swap out a method with a version that does some logging, but only on Tuesdays. Scala can't really do that because it presumes all types are locked down before any code (such as code to tell if today is Tuesday) has executed. I don't think you have that right. I read it as that kind of behavior modification isn't done that often after load time . During load time, all sorts of shenanigans are going on (monkey patching, etc.) > I want metaprogramming on top of everything and its brother, not Ruby syntax. Depending on what you mean by metaprogramming, my goals for Magpie may fit what you're looking for. Its syntax is a bit like Ruby, and it features the dynamicism and open classes you get from Ruby. But, beyond that, I'm planning to add full Lisp-style quasi-quoting metaprogramming, as well as an in-language-extensible parser. > When you encounter a token that is the same token as a keyword, you need to use context to determine if it is actually a keyword or part of an identifier. You're presuming here that a space delimits tokens. In this language, that may not be the case. The lexer may create a single token from "a b c". I used to find it unnatural too. Recently, I changed my working habits so that I keep a running todo list of things I'm working on. When I complete a task, the todo becomes the commit message, and I leave it in present tense. Other reasons to prefer it: * It's generally shorter than the alternatives: "Implement" versus "Will implement", "implements", or "implemented". * I think it's actually more accurate to say that commit messages should be in the imperative mood, not the present tense. The message is basically telling some unspecified agent to do something "Fix this bug." That lines up with the imperative form we use to write a lot of code. > What if you've got a few dozen local variables? In that case, I would consider that I have a larger problem than merely one of documentation. > However, I find this rather harsh aversion to paying a few bucks for peer-reviewed, scientific content curious. I already paid for it. A fraction of my taxes go to funding educational organizations so that they can produce these papers. Even then, if the $15 actually went back to the author, I'd be OK with double-dipping, but it doesn't. Const != immutable. Const in C++ gives you a read-only view into an object. You can accomplish the same goal with more fine-grained control by using interfaces in C# (or Java, which also lacks const). Instead of returning a const reference to your object, you return your object cast to an interface that doesn't have any mutating methods. > What's an example of "more fine grained control"? Sure, consider this: http://pastebin.com/H3c83X1K Here we can give a client a write-only interface to the Mailbox, or one of two readonly (i.e. "const") interfaces that each have access to a subset of Mailbox's "const" methods. > "Given an infinitely long linked list which you can only traverse once select a random item with O(1) storage." If the goal of the question is to select a random item where all items have the same probability of being selected, it's impossible. If you're willing to ditch even distribution, then one answer is: value pickRandomItem(node* list) { /* Always return first item. */ return list.value; } Or maybe I'm missing something here? What programming language is that not the case for? > I mean, what happens if you delete 3 things, and realize that you want to undo the 1st one? Just drag the first one out of the trash and leave the other two there. > What happens if the action you take, changes the state of the user's data in a way that is unrecoverable? Store the previous state. Best use of nesting instinct ever. It's important to keep in mind that "knowing Photoshop" has little to no equivalence with "knowing how to design" anymore than "I know vi" means "I can program". Both are equally valid skills, but learning the former won't automatically address the latter too. > So many people create pet programming languages and add them to Wikipedia that the PL lists and categories are essentially useless. Surely a simpler solution to that is to make a list that you feel describes the languages you consider important. Maybe "List of programming languages notable in academia" (which would include things like FeatherweightJava but probably not regular Java). People who want to find languages that meet that criteria can find them all in one place. Meanwhile, people like me who are interested in new languages, or languages that experiment with syntax but don't push the academic envelope, don't have that knowledge outright taken away from them by you. Is there a reason you didn't just handcode a recursive descent parser? It's more than just date movies. High school kids have lots of disposable income, few bills, plenty of time to kill, can't get into bars, and don't need get hire a babysitter. College kids have lots of other things to spend their money on, like booze and, uh, booze. Once you're past that age, the odds of having kids goes up and then going to a movie becomes a major outing. For my wife and I to see a movie in the theatre now, we'll have to shell out close to $80. It's just not worth it, especially as home theatres keep getting better and better. One thing I've learned is how much surface quality of presentation matters. As much as we might pretend to be perfectly logical rational beings, psychology, aesthetics, and emotion are always part of our decision-making process. So when I present something, I try to have great material, but I also try to make it visually appealing, clearly-written, friendly, and warm. Makes a huge difference. > let go an embrace the prototypal object model JavaScript itself doesn't embrace a prototypal model. When was the last time you cloned an object to create a new one in JS? JavaScript's model is much closer to classes than prototypes. The only real significant difference is that unlike class systems, JavaScript allows inheriting both "methods" and "state" from its "class". Otherwise, the language works more or less like a class-based one. I started toying with CoffeeScript a while back for my own entertainment and found the administrative overhead was much less than I anticipated. I went from a clean slate to being up and running in like five minutes. Once I had node and CoffeeScript installed, it was just a single command-line to start a watch on my .coffee file and then I was back to "refresh browser window to see my changes" mode just like regular JS. Performance. If you have n objects with m methods, that creates n * m function objects. With "normal" prototypal inheritance where those methods are on the prototype, it only requires n objects + m functions. That post is excellent! Somehow I didn't find that when I was looking to learn more about TDOP. The only change I made from yours and Pratt's is that I split out the nud and led parsers completely. It seemed weird to me to lump them together just because they share a token when they aren't semantically related. For example, the "(" token handles grouping in prefix position and function calls in infix, and those don't have anything to do with each other, so I split out PrefixParselets and InfixParselets into entirely separate dictionaries. ML type annotations use that syntax, so it's probably the grandaddy of them all. It's easier to parse if your type syntax uses juxtaposition. "Some int" is a valid type, so it would make " " harder to parse. It's hard to tell when the type ends and the variable name starts without backtracking. > Why are Google so popular anyway? I've been a Googler for a little less than a year and so far I absolutely love it. Compensation is good, the perks are fantastic, the caliber of people I work with is stellar, the work is challenging and interesting, and the culture and processes are the best I've seen. > A long process of interviews like the ones I have heard about hints at more pain and no autonomy once you actually join. I believe it's the opposite. You have to run the gauntlet to get in because once you do, you won't be closely monitored and you'll be given a lot of autonomy. The hiring process is stringent to try to reduce the number of internal gates you need once you get in. Yes, I would. I'm mostly self taught. The biggest gap I find is that I pronounce stuff wrong since I learned it from a book. It's embarrassing. The problem is that you often need to decorate a generic parameter with additional information (like its type constraints or variance). If the type parameter doesn't have a singular place where it's "declared", there's no convenience place to do that. In your example, how would you specify that T must implement Summable? This fork of CoffeeScript does: https://github.com/jstrachan/coffee-script/blob/master/TypeA... . I for one would also love it if this got rolled into mainline. I use Closure at work, and I'd love to be using CoffeeScript with it. It's interesting that you lump .NET in with Java. C# has more in common with Scala in terms of flexibility and expressiveness than it does with Java these days. C# 1.0 was a Java clone, sure, but the language has moved faster than pretty much any language out there since then. > Since Spine doesn't use constructor functions, due to limitations with prototypal inheritance, classes are instantiated with inst(). Can someone explain this to me? I've been using prototypal inheritance through Closure's goog.inherits() and never had any problem using regular object constructors. The scene in Office Space where Peter is talking to the two Bobs, while presented as comedy, is a perfect example of how this actually works. As soon as he acts like he isn't subordinate to them, they begin to feel that he's "management material". It's not arbitrary touching. When he's asking her about something she's unsure of, he consistently touches her left shoulder. When he talks to her about something sure, he touches her right . Then he uses those same touches when he wants to make her unsure or a color, or feel sure that a color is the wrong one he says it is. I don't know to what degree that actually works, but it's pretty interesting. > Applying it to Javascript, think of bound functions (ones which are methods on instantiated objects) implicitly having a 'let this = instance' statement prepended to their bodies. Except that Javascript under normal circumstances doesn't have bound functions. A method (a function property on some object) is unbound unless you go out of your way to bind it. So it only conceptually has that "let this = ..." prepended to it within the duration of an invocation that's using property access to get the function . In other words, JS doesn't include "this" in a function's closure, which is where a lot of the confusion comes from. It allows you to inherit functions from a prototype and still have them execute against the current receiver. Consider: var base = { greet: function() { log('my name is ' + this.name); }, name: 'base' } var derived { __proto__: base, name: 'derived' } derived.greet(); If the greet function was bound at creation time to base, then the last line would print "my name is base" instead of the desired "my name is derived". It's important to remember that + is a little different from a C union in that it's automatically tagged, which C unions are not. If you have int+int in a functional language, you always know which arm was chosen. If you have a union of two ints in C you have to add a third boolean field yourself to keep track of which one is active. "+" isn't set union. If it was, int+int would just be int. The extra tag distinguishes it. Raw unions in C are like set union though. If you're an introvert, why do you have a job that involves dealing with people all day to begin with? It sounds to me like it isn't lunch that's the problem, it's the hours before and after it. E was created by Mark Miller and Dan Bornstein. Both are Googlers now. Dan is known as the main creator of the Dalvik VM. Mark is still following the path set by E but in the context of Javascript. He's working on both Caja, an ocaps secure subset of JS and on JS Harmony itself. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E_%28programming_language%29 * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caja_%28programming_language%29 If you have to check it for null then, by definition, some_field here isn't a nullable type. If it was, you'd just do: object.some_field.foo(); Am I missing something here? In your case, then, using "as" is the right thing to do. > Let's face it, if they were doing something legal they wouldn't care if they were getting videotaped. That is, quite simply, not true. Companies have all manner of secrets that are important for their business. There's nothing intrinsically nefarious about trade secrets, and those sometimes extend even into soft things like processes and organization. There's nothing illegal about Google's search code, but they sure as hell wouldn't want someone taping that and publishing it. My rule of thumb is that if I'm using color to distinguish something, to never vary just hue. Always include a saturation or brightness change too. Personally, I do find the design on the right cleaner. The problem I have is that the big black bar behind the two lumps the two together into one weird single thing. I think they would be easier to evaluate if presented more like this: http://i.imgur.com/KrRl6.gif . After several years of TextMate, I recently switched to Sublime Text ( http://www.sublimetext.com/ ). It's more or less TextMate 2: same philosophy and aesthetic, same bundles, much better performance, split panes, lots of nice features. Sublime makes we want to write and code more. I'm on the Traceur team, but I don't speak for all of us (or Google). Personally, I think macros would be really cool, but they're a challenge in a language that isn't homoiconic, has both statements and expressions, and a pretty complex grammar. I don't know if it would be possible to design a general purpose macro system within those limitations that was usable by mere mortals. I see macros as being useful for two things: 1) DSL-type "make my own inner language" stuff, and 2) conditional evaluation. JS is already pretty syntactically flexible, especially with object literals, so that covers some of (1). JS already has closures, so if we can get a nicer function literal syntax, that makes it tolerable to do (2) just by passing functions around (and it's more explicit, which is good to some people). The naming here comes from Mozilla's earlier implementation ( https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Guide/Iterators_... ). Personally, I would have preferred iterate(). Traceur doesn't use the same Python-style semantics as Mozilla does: it doesn't throw an error to stop iteration. Instead, it's closer to Java or C# where moveNext() returns false if the iterator is done. Traceur dev here. It's on the to-do list. We've been mostly focused on stuff that's either approved for Harmony (modules, spread, etc.) or that we think will need a lot of iteration (classes, traits). I'm personally really keen on a better function syntax (especially a single-expression-body one). If you look at the actual fixes gofix provides, most of them are to paper over a lack of language features. In particular, if Go supported function overloading, they probably wouldn't need gofix at all. It's pretty to make version one of your language's libraries clean and simple. The real challenge is how they hold up over time and the needs of evolution. Go's philosophy seems to be: 1. Simplicity matters more than compatibility. 2. Assume all extant Go code is easily mutable. The purist in me finds that appealing, but I'm not sure how that will hold up over the long term. The language seems intentionally designed to not evolve which doesn't seem like a good way to stay useful for real people for a long time. Maybe I'm wrong and everything will work out, but I wonder if several years from now, Go will just fall over from its inflexibility and become unusable. Wow. Your code is a joy to read. Really clean and well-laid-out. The author is aware of that, but you have to remember to use "with". If you forget to use it, you can still have unclaimed resources. That just pushes the problem around. You don't have to worry about forgetting to catch an exception, you have to worry about ignoring an error code. Your revision doesn't handle non-English uppercase characters. Character.isUpperCase() does. I'm a Googler. I found the hiring process exhausting, but I felt it was thorough and fair. My recruiter did a fantastic job of walking me through the process and letting me know what was going on. I'm sure Google has made lots of mistakes hiring people, but there's always a bias towards complaint. Most people don't have the energy to type up a "everything went fine" reply. > They remain essential tools for many programmers and system administrators. So maybe TermKit isn't the app for them. > However, it must be fully backwards compatible with the full unix toolchain to be useful. "Must"? If this app does something useful for you, great. If not, that's fine too. Every app doesn't need to be used by every person. > "The index" would just be a list of key/values. The key would be a URL, and the value would be the content located at that URL. They have that index already. It's called "the internet". If you're storing the entire page content, that's not really much of an "index". > it would be stupid store such a rich data set in such a dumb, information-losing format. Discarding information is the entire purpose of indexing and doing things like map-reduce (emphasis on the reduce!): you discard worthless information so that the stuff you care about is of a manageable size. The reason Google serves up search results quickly is because it carefully controls the data it has to wade through. Adding more data doesn't make it smarter, it makes it slower. I've actually gotten Eclipse into a fairly clean state: http://i.imgur.com/ln2N8.png Most of the clutter is gone, but all of the nice IDE features (refactoring, immediate error detection, etc.) are still there. It's a nice way to work. No, you can be staff and not have direct reports if you just want to code. Some staff engineers do manage but it isn't a requirement. There's a separate job title track for non-coding pure managers. Got any public code? I'd like to see examples of non-class-style JS code. Traits aren't incompatible with classes at all. In fact, Tom van Cutsem, the author of traits.js worked on the class proposal that's going into Harmony. Aside from the simplicity argument, I didn't see anything in Markus's presentation that showed an advantage of prototypes. His point example is cloning a point and then immediately replacing all of the state, so there's nothing there that classes couldn't do (in less code). Your gist (especially the color point) is an example of using prototypes in a way that's hard with classes. Fortunately, adding classes to JS won't hurt that at all. You could just as easily do: class Point { constructor(x, y) { public x = x; public y = y; } add(other) { return new Point(this.x + other.x, this.y + other.y); } } let p1 = new Point(0, 0); let p2 = p1.clone({ color: '#green', toString: function() { return this.color + ': ' + uber(this).toString(); }, }) In other words, adding classes to JS won't take away anything already there. It just gets a really common pattern and makes it much less verbose. The idea is to pave the common path of class-like inheritance, but not to build a fence around it to keep you in. That seems a bit stateful. For every project you'd have to remember the set of people who've removed themselves. What if a person later removes themselves and then changes their minds? Maybe a simpler solution is: you can't add people, you can just send them an invite. The person can then choose to accept the invite or not. Maybe "professional/amateur" isn't the right dichotomy here. I think it's more accurate to describe it as "peer/tiered". In Facebook/MySpace/SO users are all at the same level and communicate roughly as equals. In most Apple products, there are a small number of special broadcasters (creators) and a large number of receivers (consumers). > Say I use module Dates that extends String, and module Inflections that does the same, as I want to use String#weeks and String#pluralize. But both redefine String#singular. If you do an unqualified import (i.e. import everything from both modules), that will be an error (well, it should be, I still need to implement this). If you just need #weeks and #pluralize, you can import just those: import Dates weeks import Inflections pluralize If those two methods internally call singular, that will still be OK. If you actually need access to both versions of singular, you can rename on import: import Dates singular = Dates.singular import Inflections singular = Inflections.singular > If I import Dates, and then import Texts as I want to use String#stemmed_terms which in turn uses Inflections? That's OK since imports aren't transitive. If you import Texts, you'll just get what it exports not what it itself imports and uses. > If I import two modules defining a same method with different signature does everything work fine? ...Maybe. This is probably the trickiest corner case of the language. If both of those modules share some import where that method is defined, then they will be defining specializations of the same multimethod and everything is fine. If those two modules are totally unrelated, then those are different multimethods entirely and you can't "merge" them when you import both. For example, io defines an "open" multimethod. Let's say your module Doors also defines "open". In your App module, you want to import both. If Doors happens to import io, then its "open" is a specialization of that one, and App will be fine when it imports them both. If not, those are two different multimethods and you'll need to rename one when you import. One way to look at it is that a multimethod is a bit like a virtual method (but not tied to a specific class). You can have a bunch of methods with the same name in the same module as long as they're all overriding the same base virtual method. > I would expect that dispatching on my object should still invoke my method, but weeks is always referring to its own, I understand. Correct. But if singular itself was publicly exported by Dates, when you defined your own specializations of it in your module, they will go into the same multimethod that Dates is using. The big limitation here is that you can't replace the version that Dates has specialized on String by specializing on the same type. The way this works is that when you import a multimethod from another module, you're importing the exact same multimethod object that that module is using. If you then define your own specializations, the original module can see them too. This is necessary to make overriding work at all, though it's a bit confusing in some ways. Honestly, I feel like I'm still trying to wrap my head around it too. It's what C# uses too. Seems to work well. > Where is the fun and easy intro to BioChem course so that we can entice more people to become doctors? We have that: every medical drama on TV, Patch Adams, Awakenings, etc. Not to mention the massive cultural esteem associated with the medical profession. > How about an "Intro to Medicine" where we do fun stuff like play Operation and dress up in scrubs? Playing Operation and dressing up in scrubs is intro to medicine. By the time you're in high school, you have a mental image of what a doctor does and roughly what the job entails. Most people on Earth have zero concept of what programmers do. I've had family members literally ask me if I type ones and zeroes all day. (A: yes . You should have seen their eyes.) People know that we sit in front of a computer. Beyond that... nothing. They don't have any of what's on screen much less what's in our heads. With mathematicians people at least think about whiteboards and equations. So, yeah, I don't see any harm in a little "Hey, here's a fun intro to what programming is." Wow, seriously great comment. Smalltalk is exactly how you find out what the other party's preferred communication style is. People don't give a shit about the weather. They talk about it because it's a convenient substrate to see how a person interacts. Are they terse? Long-winded? Sad? Happy? What kind of accent to they have? Do they seem busy? Sycophantic Search. Penny Arcade has PAX ( http://prime.paxsite.com/ ) and merch ( http://store.penny-arcade.com/ ) to help them out. Also, giant heapings of goodwill. People love them. > How many languages could survive 15 years without change and still remain relevant? And not only relevant, but expand their influence? I can think of one other, and for the same reason: make . Both languages are still around because it's near impossible to replace them, no matter how much they may suck. They aren't timeless, they're calcified by being a part of some infrastructure that exists on millions of machines. There's some good advice in there, but mixed in with lots of not-so-good advice, errors, or overly broad claims: - "The classic typographic scale ... relies on the notion that these sizes, when used together, look pleasing to the eye." The typographic scale has a fixed set of sizes because fonts used to be physical. Having a 71pt font would be a whole new box of lead. - "I generally take the largest font I want to use and the smallest font I want to use, and place the headers into that scale at even measures." For something like scale, a geometric progression makes more sense so that relative sizes are at even proportion (say each is smaller than the previous by 15%) then a linear progression of sizes. The difference between 72pt and 70pt is unnoticeable. The difference between 10pt and 8pt is huge. - "One way is to adjust the kerning and tracking settings in your design program." Another way, not mentioned, is to just choose a different weight. - The "stroke width should be as even and consistent as possible" It says Georgia has a more even width than Krungthep, which is visibly not the case. Some stroke variation seems to aid readability but too much (like modern serif faces) harms it. - "Georgia features a larger x-height than Tekton Pro." That isn't Tekton. WTF. > If his version is 15x faster than the original Go version, that would make it about twice as fast as the super-optimized C++ version from the paper The article you just (sort of) read explicitly states that it's not much faster than the C++ version because the C++ version lacked many of the optimizations they did in the article. To make a fair comparison, they applied those same optimizations to the C++ one code and got similar performance: Of course, it's no longer fair to compare this Go program to the original C++ program, which used inefficient data structures like sets where vectors would be more appropriate. As a sanity check, we translated the final Go program into equivalent C++ code. Its execution time is similar to the Go program's. A friend can be in multiple circles. > imagine a jerk that noone loves intruding all the hangouts. but everybody too polite/dependant to unfriend When you enter your hangout, you specify what circle(s) see the announcement. So just make a "Everyone but Jerk" circle and post to that. He'll think you're never in your hangout. > First to market is hard to break. Tell that to friendster. Er, myspace. That depends on your definition of "follow". You can choose to add someone to your circle without them reciprocating. In that sense, you are following them. However, they choose which of their circles see the things they post. So you can follow whomever you want, but the people you follow may not necessarily broadcast to you if you do so. Interestingly, they do make toothpaste and deodorant, but under different brands: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henkel I asked Rob Pike why they didn't add pattern-matching given that it already has multiple returns and some other baby steps in that direction. His response was, "We considered it, but it turned out to be too much work in the compiler." That was a huge WTF to me. Isn't your job as a language designer to do that work so that I, the language user , don't have to? > Women specialize in the narrow sphere of intimate relationships. Men specialize in the larger group. If you make a list of activities that are done in large groups, you are likely to have a list of things that men do and enjoy more than women: team sports, politics, large corporations, economic networks, and so forth. ...open source? I'm pretty low on the Google totem pole and I managed to get off a project that wanted me dearly because it didn't interest me. None of that nullifies the direct value those products provide. If self driving cars mean I check my mail on the way to work and see more ads, it's still a self-driving car . I don't see the problem in staring at a couple of electronic billboards if I can live in the future (and not have to stare at real billboards whizzing past me, for that matter). > It only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a truck driver to jade your opinion of all of them How is that statement any different than "it only takes one moment where your entire family almost dies because of a woman driver to jade your opinion of all of them" or "because of a white driver" or "because of an old driver"? Examples include cd, calling it with no arguments returns you to the home directory. How did I never know that before? > Anybody can friend you and it will be shown across all Google pages, even search. I've been friended by multiple online media sociopaths through my friends. I don't see how that leads to spam. Friendship isn't symmetric in G+. Media sociopaths can follow me all they want. If I don't follow them back, I don't see a word they write in my stream. > what node.js is doing with javascript How is node.js innovating in the language space? > making you rethink your async patterns. Call me crazy, but I don't consider forcing users to manually transform their code into hard-to-read continuation passing form much of a language innovation. > node.js created a new world to work with JS, making it more powerful. Sure, it gave it a new environment to run in, but it didn't make the language any more powerful than applets made Java the language more innovative. Just to play devil's advocate, here's what that example would look like with exceptions and something like `using()` in C# (here, any curly block can implicitly be treated like a try block, like in Ruby): package main import ( "io" "log" "os" ) func cat(name string) { using (f := os.Open(name)) { io.Copy(os.Stdout, f) } } func main() { for _, arg := range os.Args[1:] { cat(arg); } catch (err os.Error) { log.Print(err) } }