> Eventually, everything became a big mess and was hard to maintain. You need to architect your application using classes and functions just like in any other language with whatever appropriate data abstractions present. > IMO the limitation really is "all the code can be displayed at the same time" You don't have to have all your code inside a single diagram. Any professional LabVIEW programmer has a rule that a single VI (basically function or method) should only require a single modestly sized monitor to view it, aside from a few exceptions. This is akin to text-based languages having a sweet spot of 500-1,000 lines of code per file and keeping a function within a single screen without needing to scroll. Anything above starts to become unwieldy. The size of a LabVIEW diagram isn't a limitation of the medium just like the size of a text-based programming language's file isn't a limitation of the medium. It all boils down to the programmer needing to modularize appropriately. > it is not scalable well for custom pattern, custom architecture, and Async, operation and functional programming paradigm It is in fact useful for these things. For example, LabVIEW is wonderful for asynchronous code, is automatically multi-threaded, and supports the actor model. Dataflow languages are excellent for functional programming, and this area is relatively unexplored. That is exactly right. I don't understand the dichotomy that arises from text-based programmers. I have written and maintained LabVIEW applications that exceed a 1,000 VIs. I would argue that such well-architected applications are actually easier to maintain for all the reasons that people expound functional languages for. The reason is that LabVIEW is a dataflow language, and so all the benefits of immutability apply. Most data in LabVIEW is immutable by default (to the developer/user). So the reasons why people prefer languages like F#, Elixir, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, etc. overlap with visual languages like LabVIEW. I can adjust one portion of the program without worry of side effects because I'm only concerned with the data flowing in and then out of the function I am editing. Somehow people form the opinion that once you start programming in a visual language that you're suddenly forced, by some unknown force, to start throwing everything into a single diagram without realizing that they separate their text-based programs into 10s, 100s, and even 1000s of files. Poorly modularized and architected code is just that, no matter the paradigm. And yes, there are a lot of bad LabVIEW programs out there written by people new to the language or undisciplined in their craft, but the same holds true for stuff like Python or anything else that has a low barrier to entry. Aren't conditionals and loops easier in visual languages? If you need something to iterate, you just draw a for loop around it. If you need two while loops each doing something concurrently, you just draw two parallel while loops. If you need to conditionally do something, just draw a conditional structure and put code in each condition. One type of control structure I have not seen a good implementation of is pattern matching. But that doesn't mean it can't exist, and it's also something most text-based languages don't do anyway. Here's a picture of what I was talking about: https://i.imgur.com/AgmF87b.png Now, the two while loops, as shown here, have no dependencies between each other and are indeed processing in parallel. However, there are various mechanisms in LabVIEW to exchange data between the two loops, the most common being queues, in which case they process concurrently. You can also have a for loop iterating on an array. https://i.imgur.com/nRgyckx.png In LabVIEW, it's nice because it's trivial to configure the loop iterations to occur in parallel (if there are no dependencies between iterations), using all available cores in the computer. And by pattern matching I meant something like the pattern matching and type destructuring you find in SML, Ocaml, F#, and Elixir. > I have not seen any solution for tracking changes, differences,displaying versions, etc. I.E. git for pictures. LabVIEW has a diff capability, and while working for National Instruments, my team actually had a quite capable custom code-review system built out of this diff. This is an area that is brought up often, but text-based diff tools weren't magically found in the universe. They were built, and some of them are good and some of them not. It's not a paradigm's fault that tools like git were built around the idea that code must be text. I do agree that better tools need to exist though, but there isn't a reason for why they can't. They just need to be built. There are hard and interesting problems in that space, both technically and design-wise. > Some visual languages can turn an area into a 'subroutine', I have not seen any solution to build libraries of reusable 'subroutines'. LabVIEW has a third-party developed package manager in the JKI VIPM. And LabVIEW has features where you can put your VIs and classes into various LabVIEW specific containers, most usually source libraries, that can then be referenced and re-used in projects. Just treat the libraries as modules like you would in any other language. They should contain classes and functions that have a shared or particular purpose. > I think the short answer is that boxes and wires actually become harder to manage as the software increases in complexity. The "visual is simpler" idea only seems to hold up if the product itself is simple Why? Can you give concrete examples of this? I see this sentiment a lot but never any particular examples. When you start off with a prototype in a text-based language for something "simple", you don't extend it by continually adding in more and more input arguments and more and more complex outputs. You breakout the functionality and organize it into modules, datatypes, and functions. Same thing goes in a visual programming language like LabVIEW. When you start adding in more functionality to move beyond simple designs, you need to modularize. That reduces the wires and boxes and keeps things simple. In fact, I liken well-done LabVIEW to well-done functional-code like in Racket, Scheme, F#, SML, etc., where you keep things relatively granular and build things up. Each function takes in some input, does one thing and returns outputs. State in LabVIEW is managed by utilizing classes. > It's not efficient for large scale things. > You will always need non-visual languages to do things in a featureful and scalable way. What is an example of a system that you have developed where things broke down with a visual programming language? I just did this for a simple project. I indeed noticed that the startup time was extremely slow. The subsequent run-time was faster though, although still not that fast. So something interesting was going on via a per-terminal session basis. TouchDesigner is indeed super cool. And I correctly guessed what that tutorial was going to be before I clicked on it. :) Mathew Ragan is an excellent tutorial maker. He's also relaxing to listen to. TouchDesigner really showcases the enabling nature of visual programming languages. You can see your program working and inspect and modify it while it is working. These are very powerful ideas, and visual programming languages are much better platforms for ideas like this. People, i.e. traditional programmers, are really hard and down on visual programming languages. Meanwhile, people who use LabVIEW, TouchDesigner, vvvv, Pure Data, Max, and Grasshopper for Rhino are all extremely effective and move quickly. People who are experts in these environments cannot be kept up with people using text-based environments when doing the same application. Text-based programming is limited in dimensionality. This can become very constraining. > the conceptual space your abstractions can make use of is effectively unlimited, and you can manage connections and information flow between pieces of code to maximize readability and simplicity, rather than artificially minimizing the number of dimensions. How does this not apply to a visual language like LabVIEW? Just because you draw the code on a 2D surface doesn't prevent abstraction and arbitrary programs. The way I program LabVIEW and the way it executes is actually very similar to Elixir/Erlang and OTP. Asynchronous execution and dataflow are core to visual languages. You are not "bound" by wires. When you write text-based code, you are also restricted to 2 dimensions, but it's really more like 1.5 because there is a heavy directionality bias that's like a waterfall, down and across. I cannot copy pictures or diagrams into a text document. I cannot draw arrows between comments to the relevant code; I have to embed the comment within the code because of this dimensionality/directionality constraint. I cannot "touch" a variable (wire) while the program is running to inspect its value. In LabVIEW, not only do I have a 2D surface for drawing my program, I also get another 2D surface to create user interfaces for any function if I need. In text-languages, you only have colors and syntax to distinguish datatypes. In LabVIEW, you also have shape. These are all additional dimensions of information. How is that a limitation of the visual programming paradigm and not a library problem? And that doesn't have much to do with scaling to a large program or system. Could you clarify what you mean? That is again a limitation of the particular language you were using (which one?) and not a limitation of the paradigm. There's nothing there that's an inherent problem of visual programming languages, which is my point in asking. For example, in LabVIEW, you have TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP, CAN, serial, MODBUS, and more protocols and can build things out of them. If there's a missing protocol, then you can write your own, call a C/C++ DLL, .NET assembly, Python script, or a command line application, just like any other language (actually more than most languages). It looked liked any other code review process. We used Perforce. So a custom tool was integrated into Perforce's visual tool such that you could right-click a changelist and submit it for code review. The changelist would be shelved, and then LabVIEW's diff tool (lvcompare.exe) would be used to create screenshots of all the changes (actually, some custom tools may have done this in tandem with or as a replacement of the diff tool). These screenshots, with a before and after comparison, were uploaded to a code review web server (I forgot the tool used), where comments could be made on the code. You could even annotate the screenshots with little rectangles that highlighted what a comment was referring to. Once the comments were resolved, the code would be submitted and the changelist number logged with the review. This is based off of memory, so some details may be wrong. This is important because it shows that such things can exist. So the common complaint is more about people forgetting that text-based code review tools originally didn't exist and were built. It's just that the visual ones need to be built and/or improved. Perforce makes this easier than git in my opinion because it is more scriptable and has a nice API. Perforce is also built to handle binary files, which is also better than git's design which is built around the assumption that everything is text. I think there's a lot of nice features to be had in visual programming languages with visual compares. Like I said in another comment, I view text-based programming as a sort of 1.5 dimensional problem, and I think that makes diff tools rather limited. If you change things in a certain way, many diff tools will just say you completely removed a block and then added a new one, when all you did was re-arrange some stuff, and there's actually a lot of shared, unchanged code between the before and after blocks. So it's not like text-based tools don't have issues. Yes, but it isn't easy. Some people have done so, and I should probably revisit it myself since I know use GitHub in my later jobs and not Perforce. I mentioned this in another comment, but we had some tools integrated into Perforce's workflow to do diffs. Merge is harder in LabVIEW and isn't where it should be. However, that doesn't mean it can't exist. These are all excellent points, and I agree whole-heartedly. I'm glad someone else gets it. :) I'm going to favorite this comment to keep it mind. The way I see it is that we've had an evolution of how to program computers. It's been: circuits -> holes in cards -> text -> -> __the future__ I think many programmers are just unable to see the forest through the trees and weeds, but visual languages see a lot of power in specific domains like art, architecture, circuit and FPGA design, modeling tools, and control systems. I think this says something and also overlaps with what the Racket folks call Language Oriented Programming, which says that programming languages should adapt to the domain they are meant to solve problems in. Now all these visual languages are separate things, but they are a portion of the argument in that domain-specific problems require domain-specific solutions. So what I believe we'll have in the future are hybrid approaches, of which LabVIEW is one flavor. Take what we all see at the end of whiteboard sessions. We see diagrams composed of text and icons that represent a broad swath of conceptual meaning. There is no reason why we can't work in the same way with programming languages and computer. We need more layers of abstraction in our environments, but it will take work and people looking to break out of the text=code thing. Many see text as the final form, but like I said above, I see it as part of the evolution of abstraction and tools. Text editors and IDEs are not gifted by the universe and are not inherent to programming; they were built. This has already happened before with things like machine code and assembly. These languages do not offer the programmer enough tools to think more like a human, so the human must cater to the languages and deal with lower-level thought. I view most text-based programming languages similarly. There's just too many details I have to worry about that are not applicable to my problem and don't allow me to solve the problem in the way that I want. Languages that do provide this (like Elixir, F#, and Racket) are a joy to use, but they begin to push you to a visual paradigm. Look at Elixir, most of the time the first thing you see in an Elixir design is the process and supervision tree. And people rave about the pipe operator in these languages. Meanwhile, in LabVIEW, I have pipes, plural, all going on at the same time. It was kind of funny as I moved into text-based languages (I started in LabVIEW) to see the pipe operator introduced as a new, cool thing. In general, I have many, many complaints about LabVIEW, but they do not overlap with the complaints of people unfamiliar with visual programming languages, because I've actually built large systems with it. Many times, when I go to other languages, especially something like Python, I feel I've gone back in time to something more primitive. Thanks for the clarification. And yes, I have implicitly bundled the semantics with the syntax here. I suppose in doing so, I am arguing both that dataflow is a powerful and interesting way of modeling computations that allow for a lot of neat features and that visual representations are more natural and give additional useful benefits over text-based ones. I have not seen a compelling text-based dataflow representation, but that doesn't mean one doesn't or can't exist. LabVIEW actually compiles its block diagrams to what's known as DFIR, dataflow intermediate representation, which is then compiled to LLVM IR. The DFIR is helpfully visualized as a graph, although the dataflow graph is represented by text underneath. I first learned to program FPGAs with LabVIEW. Now I am learning HDLs, and it's a bit painful. Understanding VHDL is not hard, but I find it to be a poor representation of what it is describing. The text-based representation hides the nature of the actual computation it's representing. If you have any references to dataflow or any links to things you've done, I'd love to take a look. :) You might be interested in the book A Primer of Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell, which is another approach to infinitesimals that uses intuitionistic logic. https://www.amazon.com/Primer-Infinitesimal-Analysis-John-Be... Any interesting property of this logic and model is that all functions are infinitely differentiable. Other introductions are An Invitation to Smooth Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell and Synthetic Differential Geometry by Michael Shulman. http://publish.uwo.ca/~jbell/invitation%20to%20SIA.pdf http://home.sandiego.edu/~shulman/papers/sdg-pizza-seminar.p... There is the No bullshit guide to linear algebra by Ivan Savov. https://www.amazon.com/No-bullshit-guide-linear-algebra/dp/0... For anyone wanting to learn more about this, I highly recommend Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards and An Introduction to Manifolds by Loring Tu. The former reads almost like a novel and is a real treat of mathematical exposition. It's also a little quirky which is always nice. Tu's book is simply the gold standard of an introduction to the mathematics of manifolds and differential forms. It is the most concise and straightforward introduction to the full theory. It is also a wonderful book. That is indeed a very good book. Although I would say that some of the notation in it is non-standard, for better or for worse. Tu is the most consistent author I have ever seen with notation, and that matters a lot in smooth manifold theory and differential geometry. Another good book is Advanced Calculus: A Geometric View by James Callahan. No problem. It is a great book. Definitely check out Edwards' book I mentioned above as well. It is a gem of a book. Although it doesn't use matrices and instead uses linear expansions, it is still brilliant. The first three chapters give an exposition of the theory, and then the next three go back and prove things. So if anything, take a look at the first three chapters and then the later ones on applications and extensions. It also has a geometrical viewpoint. I listed references elsewhere. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23270163 Edwards' first three chapters give a wonderfullly intuitive exposition of forms and their application to integration. Tu's book is a rigourous study of smooth manifolds and differential forms. His exercises are approachable, and his book is the most expedient to the full theory of differential forms. As a quirky intuition pump, I recommend Geometrical Vectors by Gabriel Weinreich. The Fortney book mentioned in another comment is a nice, visual book, and there are other references in the replies to the comment I linked. I disliked Computer Modern enough that after experimenting with various free fonts, I actually purchased Michael Spivak's MathTime Professional 2 Complete fonts, and then I use a nice Times-like font. https://pctex.com/mtpro2.html > Liu Cixin himself was quoted that he couldn't start the narrative as straight up science fiction because this genre is essentially unknowm in China. So he decided to build up to the actual science fiction part of the story in a deliberate, slow pace. Apparently the order of the story is different between the Chinese and English versions. https://www.wired.com/2016/10/wired-book-club-ken-liu-interv... The article explains the reasoning as being sensitive to the culture part of it and not the sci-fi portion. Thanks for introducing me to Stafford Beer. How well do you actually know LabVIEW? Have you ever used its object-oriented system, actor framework, network streams, or get/set control value by indices (a feature actually implemented for SpaceX) functionalities? These are all things a professional LabVIEW engineer will be familiar with and use. The fact that a system didn't use these means it's either seriously outdated or the person writing it wasn't aware. It sounds like you hate LabVIEW because you worked on a few poorly architected systems, as I don't see anything in your hate for it that actually applies to LabVIEW the language/environment. > If you're not working it essentially full-time, on the same codebase, it's insanely difficult to maintain any non-trivial code. It's hard to maintain any codebase if you're not giving it attention. I would argue that LabVIEW, when properly architected, can be maintained just fine and maybe even easier than other languages. I've done it. LabVIEW is highly performant and excels at throwing data around and processing it and interacting with hardware. Its dataflow nature actually makes it easy to modify and maintain, when done properly. There aren't many languages that make it that easy to make user interfaces and distributed systems. Another language/ecosystem that I would consider for such a system is Elixir/Erlang, but you'll be searching for a user interface solution and lots of hardware drivers. However, with Elixir/Erlang you gain a system even more built for distribution but you lose out a lot on synchronous/sequential performance. C#/F#/.NET are other options to use since NI makes quite a lot of .NET drivers. Just a few clarifications. By get/set control values by indices I meant a specific feature in LabVIEW that allows high-performant updates of front-panel controls. You use these when you have a lot of data being streamed to the front panel. By network streams, I again meant a specific LabVIEW feature ( https://www.ni.com/documentation/en/labview-comms/latest/dat... ) for sending data back and forth over Ethernet. It's a nice high-level library that is performant. It just makes it extremely easy to pass data around. In any big system, these features are a must-have. Also, I wasn't judging, so apologies if it came across that way. :) There's just a difference between little small systems that don't use LabVIEW's features and those that do. Most people who have used LabVIEW to its full extent have completely different complaints than those whose experience revolves around university or internship LabVIEW software, and so I like to point out that LabVIEW isn't fundamentally flawed as a visual language. I think that the when properly architected asterisk applies to any language. LabVIEW is in a difficult situation because there are two huge factors at play. It makes it easy to start off and get things going, but systems inevitably grow beyond their original scope, and so LabVIEW systems are often developed by non-software people but still expected to grow. That's a conflict. The second thing is that more traditionally trained programmers have a mental block when it comes to LabVIEW, so people who do know how to properly modularize code don't pay attention to LabVIEW. So in LabVIEW, you have some experts who do treat it seriously, as if it was any other software system, but then a lot of code that was thrown together by others new to software and to LabVIEW. I would say Python is actually in a very similar situation by being "friendly" to beginners, so there is a ton of bad Python code out there. I once interviewed at a place that had completely sworn off LabVIEW. I couldn't get them to explain why. They just hated it. But then I asked to see their Python code, which is what they had moved to, and I was greeted with a single file that was 10,000+ lines long. And in there I saw some function signatures that were 15-20 lines long (yes, the function's arguments spanned that many lines). So I see that as a disconnect. They hated LabVIEW but didn't know why and loved Python and didn't know why. In either case, they didn't know what they were doing. The .NET APIs NI makes are nice enough, and I have used them before but not to a deep degree. I agree with your complaints. Indeed, implementing an abstract message is awkward, although there was a specific version that did improve the project interface to make that easier at some point. I remember a relief of "finally". Haha. The right-click menu for the actor framework is implemented using project providers and LabVIEW scripting, both of which need massive improvement. It's an awkward process to even get the license to implement project providers as a user. I've just ignored them because I'd rather just write custom tools off to the side that use LabVIEW's application control system manually. And there's also a lot of ideas I have that require scripting, but it's not an easy system to use. I also agree with the actor framework being too bare bones, and there are plenty of things I disagree with in the design. That's why I extended it myself to add in additional support. For example, I added built in messages to notify when an actor is ready, a publish/subscribe mechanism to break out of the recommended hierarchical setup when needed, a streaming actor that you can subscribe to the data it streams out via messages, a finite state machine actor that allows state transitions triggered by messages or internal requests and message mechanisms to notify when this happens to subscribers of the state updates, and some more. > There is no concept of supervision trees, so if you want “let it crash” robustness, you’ll be writing that yourself Yea. I recently learned Elixir/Erlang to some degree. I'd like to have an OTP-like system in LabVIEW. The above extensions are actually already close in some ways. For example, the FSM actor I made is similar to gen_fsm or gen_statem in OTP. > I want to point out that despite how personally ugly I found the experience, I’m not sure there was a better choice. Therein lies the rub. I've searched for one. Despite my complaints about LabVIEW, I end up finding other systems even harder to work with for these applications. Elixir/Erlang are great, but developing a user interface with them will require web-technologies. C#/F#/.NET is the other system I've identified, but it's a fairly complicated ecosystem. And what language allows me to do desktop apps, web apps, web servers, real-time deterministic programming, and FPGA programming all in the same language and environment? It's a tough feature set to replicate and replace. Typed Racket is one option: https://docs.racket-lang.org/ts-guide/ I'd say also that the ML-dialects, such as F#, Ocaml, and SML, are pretty close to a statically typed Lisp/Scheme, at least in the flavor of programming aside from them having better pattern matching built-in. I'd like to see a specifically designed statically typed parenthetical language, basically something that merges Racket and F# but simplifies things a bit. Why does it matter? The remote extensions for WSL and SSH in Visual Studio Code are extremely useful and actually work. Why should we care if they are closed source or not? I wish ocean exploration was seen as sexy as space exploration. We have so much to learn from our oceans. It seems strange to me that we'd rather go to a desert planet than understand the place where life possibly began and that drives many of Earth's systems. I think that many artists serve as a counterexample to this sentiment. Many of them, even ones who eventually become famous, pursue activities without a care of who pays attention and without an end goal. They simply explore and seek out expression, where it almost seems to coming pouring out of them by necessity, obsession, or some combination thereof. Some artists are so prolific, it can be mind boggling. Artists are not given enough credit for their work ethic. There are plenty of artists who would make something, e.g., a movie , even knowing someone wouldn't see it. In response to claims of progress and efficiency, constantly claiming it is done via smoke and mirrors, with what appear to be extreme examples, seems like a good way to be left behind, because it implies there's nothing to learn from others, which is always false. That isn't what I said and completely goes off the rails with and twists what is under discussion. No one said to uncritically accept anything. In fact, the hidden assumption is usually to uncritically accept that anything the U.S. does is the best. I simply implied that to attempt to stay ahead, one needs to not blatantly dismiss and discredit what others do, but this is unfortunately very common place in the U.S., whether it regards China or any other country. I have visited China. Whether there's propaganda or not, it doesn't explain away the amount of nice roads, trains, subways, etc. and the efficiencies of these systems. Coming back to the U.S. felt like stepping back decades when it comes to transportation aside from a few things. China does not magically transport people via smoke and mirrors. They are actually doing it. In my city, it's taken decades to build mere single digit miles worth of above ground train track, and it's still not done. Propaganda on either side does not magically explain away the disparity. I would highly, highly recommend not traveling. My fiancee already has an H-1B, and we were traveling together when all this broke out. She has not been allowed back in the country, and it unlikely she is able to be let back in anytime soon. I have not seen her in over five months, and there is no rainbow in sight as to when she can return. I would like to provide a personal account as to how this has affected me. I am a U.S. citizen, and these draconian, ineffective, and political grandstanding policies have drastically changed my life. In short, I may need to leave my immediate family behind, my job, and restart in another country, almost by force because of these policies and the hidden policies, which are actually much worse than these official declarations. I am engaged to a Chinese citizen, who is an active H-1B visa holder working for a U.S. technology company. We were visiting China in January to both see her family and friends and to do the yearly renewal of her re-entry visa. This latter point is important because it is a mind bogglingly inefficient process that forces people to travel back to their home country to renew a visa they already have and are using to live and work in the U.S. just so they can be able to leave and re-enter. This is just so the U.S. can have the possibility of keeping them out when they want for whatever reason, just as they have in this case. Anyway, the U.S. Consulates shutdown during the outbreak in mid-January, halting her visa processing, needlessly in my mind because she had already accomplished her in-person interview. Then, the U.S. Consulate held her Chinese passport, which had valid visas to other countries, for over a month. This prevented her from going to another country and doing the visa processing there. (It is normally recommended to do the renewal in your home country, for reasons of being stranded wherever you're doing the renewal.) So the U.S. stopped processing her basically finished visa renewal, then held on to her non-U.S. passport preventing her to travel between two countries that aren't the U.S., and now they have kept her out of the country on the point of helping unemployed workers when she already has a job because she was the qualified candidate . This was all in January and February and some of March, long before the "official" bans on visas. I have not seen my fiancee in over five months. It is unlikely I am to see her in 2020 and even 2021. I may eventually be able to travel to China to see her, but it is looking more and more that she will be unable to return to the U.S. any time soon. This is all complicated by the fact that her H-1B is time bound and the Green Card is a lost cause because it takes multiple years to be issued. This is a person who already has a U.S. job that she was more qualified for than U.S. citizens. Just because people are unemployed doesn't magically make them qualified for jobs they already lost out on. It also is unclear what companies who already employ H-1B holders are supposed to do. There is no policy or method to get the fiancee of a U.S. citizen who already holds a valid H-1B back into the U.S. right now, and it's not clear when one will open up. It also makes no sense, from the very beginning, why the U.S. prevented her from returning at any point unless you understand that the U.S. is literally at war with China, immigrants, and non-immigrant workers. All of this is vastly compounded by the inefficiencies, directed by our miserable administration, of the USCIS, because applying for a K-1 visa is not as straightforward as you would think. Even though the H-1B is a dual intent visa, applying for the K-1 visa could see the H-1B process incur delays or even denial. The U.S. government holds immigrants and non-immigrant workers hostage, and this is affecting U.S. business and citizens' personal lives. Right now, it is literally impossible to get someone who has a job in the U.S., has a current H-1B visa, a home, cars, and other assets in the U.S., is engaged to a U.S. citizen, and planned on immediately marrying a U.S. citizen after a "routine" vacation back into the U.S. any sooner than years. This is a pathetic situation. I am a tech worker who has worked for technology companies and national security labs. I am now being forced to think about leaving my parents and brother behind in the U.S. to consider moving outside of the U.S. so that I can continue my life with my fiancee and build my own family. People in this country wax on (whine) about freedoms, but what they are really wanting is to do whatever they want when they want it at the expense of literally anyone else but themselves, including their neighbor. It's nothing but extreme narcissism, and I cannot help but feel this country is a lost cause. The U.S. is an extremist state now, taken over by charlatans and textbook traitors. Yes, I am actively considering to move out of the country. However, this is troublesome too. My parents and brother are still here, and my parents are aging. If I do have kids, I would love for my parents to be around them, and I miss my parents dearly already since I unfortunately live far away, even in the U.S. It doesn't make sense to anyone but the U.S. government. It gives them the right to deny the renewal or re-entry for any reason and then say "too bad, you're in your home country, so our hands are washed of the situation." You must renew your visa in your home country. There is a possibility of doing it in another country, such as Canada, but this is not usually recommended and has a higher probability of failing. Mind you, these are people that already have visas . They are simply being renewed. The secondary effect of this is that it slows down processing of visas, which lowers how many are given out and increases the cost of the USCIS. Although I think this particular thing has existed for a while now, the Trump administration has made it a point to needlessly increase the processing time by making policies to delay the processing. This is a tactic that further slows down the USCIS, making it much more costly, just so that they can point out how costly and inefficient the USCIS is when it is their policies that make those things worse. For example, if you make an application for an H-1B, extension, or renewal, it takes months to prepare the paperwork. Once submitted, the USCIS can send it back, requesting more information. This has become much more common under the Trump administration, because it basically adds a minimum three to six month delay to the process. It gets sent back to the applicant, one must extremely carefully understand the confusing request for more information, provide the information, and resubmit. The USCIS then starts the whole evaluation process back over again. My knowledge comes from immigration lawyers, sponsoring companies, and H-1B holders themselves, all of which spend tens of thousands of dollars on these things. They would have had to miss something, which I doubt, so it's a bit presumptuous of you to say it is incorrect. I am talking about the re-stamping process in which you are able to leave the U.S. and come back, so maybe I used the wrong words. As far as I understand, if you never do this stamping process, you can just stay in the U.S., never leaving while your H-1B remains valid. The process is so overly complicated, it's hard to track. I am not aware of any process in which you can re-stamp an H-1B inside the U.S. You meed to do an in-person interview, and these are done at U.S. Consulates and Embassies, none of which are inside the U.S. Of course, it's difficult to quickly find the information on the official U.S. websites, but here are sites that explain it. http://www.greencardapply.com/question/question17/H1B_Visa_S... https://www.h1base.com/visa/work/h1b%20visa%20stamping/ref/1... Thank you for the kind words and encouragement. Hopefully you are doing well in your situation now. I hope these are temporary, but I imagine they will be temporary until at least January of next year. If the unthinkable happens in November, the prognosis is not good. Even the K-1 visa has large delays, and they aren't even processing any visas at U.S. Consulates in China right now. > Having said that, the story from the OP does not add up: you don't need to renew the visa stamp to stay in the country. The stamp is for crossing the border. My story does add up. We needed to leave the U.S. to visit China, and we also visit Canada sometimes, hence necessitating the stamping process to take place at a U.S. Consulate in China. And it was this process that ended up being indeed a massive hurdle. In fact, so massive it is a major part of what kept my fiancee from returning. This is one of the cruxes of the story. > OK, but that happens only once in the first six years in the U.S. for an H-1B doesn't it? No. At least for Chinese citizens, it is either every year or every two years that you must renew the stamp to be able to leave the U.S. and return. I would advise not trying to dilute the impact of the rules just because you don't know or didn't experience them yourself. You aren't mentioning the country you are from, which also confuses the matter. These things change depending upon the origin country. It is both. There is a dependency in the sense of us going to China necessitated her getting the stamp. But if she wants to leave the U.S. to any country, Canada for example, and return to the U.S., then she needs to go back to China to do the stamping process to enable that. So it's basically required unless you want to just stay in the U.S. for multiple years straight, which is unlikely for international people and also for people in general that like to travel. The course Paradox and Infinity recently started on edX. If you start now, I think it's still possible to get a good enough grade for a certificate. https://www.edx.org/course/paradox-and-infinity People are absolutely obssessed with institutions, mainly via justification of their own passage through those institutions. I have seen it at every level of education where people a notch below them or more on the educational ladder are looked down upon. People holding bachelor's or master's degrees will look down upon those with only an associate's degree or a high school certification. Those with a Ph.D. will look down upon those who don't and elevate those who do. I have both seen this and experienced it. A book that covers this is Disciplined Minds by Jeff Schmidt. Since you mention analysis, I recommend Yet Another Introduction to Analysis and Metric Spaces by Victor Bryant. They should be at the right level and a lot of fun. Another analysis suggestion is Creative Mathematics by H.S. Wall. It is a book that walks a high school level student through creating the proofs themselves. The topic covered is a stripped down version of analysis, calculus, and later even differential geometry. It's really brilliant. Going slow and having fun when you're a teen would be much more productive than going fast and burning out. The Spivak book is a good suggestion and might be a little difficult depending on their actual background. The books by Gelfand mentioned by someone else (there's actually a series of them that cover algebra, functions, coordinates, trigonometry, etc.) would help provide the needed background. The book Conceptual Mathematics is claimed to be aimed at high school students. Maybe give it a whirl and see what happens. If they know calculus, then Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards is a gem. The first three chapters should be readable, as they give heuristic discussions of the topic. Both iPad Pro models, $800 and $1,000 respectively, start at 128GB. And iPads do not accept SD cards. If they do not have access to the Internet on their iPad while on their remote vacation, it is an unrecoverable delete, at least temporarily. Your second suggestion seems like it is blaming the user. How does the user know this is the action Apple will take upon low disk space? Isn't the sane thing that downloads are left alone, whether or not cloud backup is turned on? I just last night watched the below video that covers the code that shows up on Dennis Nedry's computer screen in Jurassic Park. Turns out it's only example code they put up on screen, but this type of stuff is always interesting. The way movies get made is so intriguing! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq2Vkgsams0 In my opinion, this is capitalism at work in its soul-crushing reality, which optimizes growth and profit at all costs. Subscription-based products and services simply make companies much, much more money, very often with a worse user experience. I loathe today's subscription-based and constant update world, where nearly everything you use is sliding around underneath you as it changes and you pay it a monthly fee. > is there anything that cannot be ran in algorithms? The way I see it the only thing stopping me from simulating every atom in a brain is computational power. I am not for sure I understand the specifics of what you mean by "is there anything that cannot be ran in algorithms?", but there are plenty of things that are not computable or decidable in computation. These are theoretical constraints. There are also practical constraints that effectively increase the list of these things. > Once you wrap your mind around what commits, heads and remotes are and learn to rebase you get an incredibly simple and fine-grained control. > Git is like a chef's knife: extremely powerful tool that's dangerous in untrained hands. Although, this is all part of the problem with Git. The problem is that it exposes this fine-grained control and knife's edge to the user by default. There isn't some simpler model that people can work with. I cut my teeth on source-code control with Perforce. Of course, Perforce has many complex features, including stuff like workspaces, which as far as I can tell, Git doesn't have something like that. Anyway, despite its complex feature set, Perforce can be explained in a few minutes. You have some code in the repository. If you want to work on it, you check it out and it gets added to a changelist . If you want exclusive change rights, you can lock it to prevent others. If you want others to see what you're working on, you can shelve your changes without submitting so that they can inspect. When you're done, you submit your changelist . All of this can be done via excellent visual tooling or the command line. I highlighted things with italics because these are the right words for the actions in how Perforce calls them. It's intuitive. For Git, it isn't that simple. You must first explain a wide swath of concepts. I've explained Git to people, even using the GitHub Desktop app. It is very confusing and intimidating to people, and rightfully so. It confuses me, and I did some pretty advanced things with Perforce (and thus source-code control) before. And there's no default visual tooling. Git also has many names for things that are confusing. Also, Git was invented for a very specific purpose: Linux kernel development. The vast majority of development does not need the same complexity that such a niche development process needs. When I recently wanted to do something in Git, I just could not figure it out. Probably simple for a Git expert, which is something I am not, but after searching many forum posts, I gave up because every answer was different and caveated in different ways and wasn't working for me. I installed GitKraken and solved my problem in seconds via a single right-click. Maybe I'm an idiot and I don't understand Git that well; both are likely true. But I am able to understand other complex things, so something is amiss. I think the primary issue is that Git requires me to study it just to use it in basic ways. I have an allergy to overly complex things, and so it's just a constant struggle for me. I tend to use visual tools for merging, diffing, managing commits, etc. so that I stay away from the Git CLI, which exposes the complexity in a non-usable way. Lastly, Git is very narrow minded when it comes to things it controls. It assumes everything should be text. Those are hard decisions to make in organically developed organizations like companies. Part of the problem is that Git, to make it manageable, requires all of these types of concerns and decisions to be addressed, and secondly, it has somehow become the only standard that people have even heard of. There isn't even a decision about which system to use anymore. Having used both, I still prefer Perforce over Git. And if it were up to me, I would take a step back and investigate other offerings like Plastic SCM. But trying to make these decisions is nearly impossible now that Git is treated as a given. > It would be a real service to society IMO if we could find a way to somehow generate enough engagement and energy to challenge the big players without the outrage culture. I'm not being cheeky (see below), but this already exists. It's talking to one another, person to person. :) Social media, at its core, targets the very primal part of our brain and bodies. This is my feeling and observation, and I would be very interested to see if there have been studies that show there are fundamental differences to how people communicate online, primarily via text, versus communicating in person. I would suspect there are differences in that our brain literally responds differently. As I type this, you can't see me. You don't know me. And I can't see nor do I know you. We can't respond to facial expressions or hear the cadence and tone of voice. Many, many times on the Internet, conversations get sidetracked by someone making a joke and then someone taking it too seriously. That's a simple case of online social media interaction, and there are far more complex examples. It's the same thing as working at a company. Often times you hit this moment where you just stop typing a message or an e-mail and just call the other person or go over to their desk. Even with just voice-to-voice communication, things are communicated much faster, and in person is even faster. A lot of this has to do with the process. Online, someone types something and then someone else types another thing in response and so on. In person, it's a more dynamic exchange. So at the core, my hypothesis is that almost all media (such as news) and especially social media are doing nothing but bypassing our natural filters and sensors for understanding things and try to directly target our inner primal self. As we can see online, humans are innately primal, especially when you remove all of our other evolved methods of understanding and empathy. When people see someone online say something they vehemently disagree with, they immediately ignore all possibilities and empathetic responses. We go straight to the core of finding the thing we hate about what they just said and then let them know that. However, if a stranger on the train says something like this, we often let it go. If we do engage, we are much more empathetic about their feelings and thoughts, both for human and societal reasons. Given this, I think it's essentially impossible to build an online community that is directly based upon this type of communication. It's tough enough to build one in person with people you know. And as we've all experienced over the past months, even digital face-to-face communication is hard. There's still dynamics missing like low-latency, body language, tone, hand motions, subtleties of voice, etc. I view it as an API or architecture diagram. If one drew one out for human communication, there's a lot of abstraction built upon our inner primal workings. But modern media, the Internet, and now social media has given a way to bypass all of that. The inner core can be accessed directly via advertisements, news, social media, propaganda, forums, etc., and now the Internet is like a connection between all these primal cores. It's why it's so insane. Adam Curtis' documentary All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace covers this. The grandparent comment extended the conversation to all of China's actions. I think it's relevant to discuss the horrors the U.S. has enacted upon the world, if only for a practical reason. That reason is that to understand how to solve problems elsewhere, you first need to understand how to solve the same type of problems in your neck of the woods. The U.S. spent the latter half of the 20th century and has continued since then exporting its way of doing things through military action. For example, I recently learned of Salvador Allende. He was a president of Chile that won a democratic election based upon his socialist campaign. He said what he was going to do and was elected by the people. The U.S. tried for years to thwart his election, and when he won, the U.S. directly supported, if not organized and enacted, a coup that ended in success, for the coup, and Allende taking his own life upon being surrounded. This is sickening. How can the U.S. and its people in good conscience decry other countries' actions when we do the same thing to other countries beyond our own borders? The U.S. still holds prisons that imprisons foreigners without charge and without cause. How can the U.S. decry China for imprisoning its own citizens? I am not supporting anything here. I am merely trying to explain that things matter and are connected, and you cannot view things with tunnel vision. The other reason is one of perception. If the U.S. wants change in China and elsewhere, one needs to understand the political and social repercussions of one's own actions. This is called if you want to talk the talk, you must walk the walk. The U.S. primarily talks the talk while the rest of the world sees how the U.S. does not walk the walk. The U.S. does the very things it decries in another countries. This is very harmful. I think it's likely they are two different types of humility in Feynman's case, whether it's external vs internal humility or problem solving vs social humility or what have you. It does seem to me that Feynman had a humility in how he approached problems that was bolstered by confidence, or perhaps lack of social humility. The advice he gives in the letter is to be humble in how one approaches which problems to solve. I think it's good advice. The U.S. has explicitly suppressed plenty of other governments before, both for ideological and economic reasons. Read about Salvatore Allende, who was elected via a democratic process in 1970s Chile on a socialist reform platform and then was subsequently overthrown and killed, via suicide after being surrounded, with heavy involvement via the U.S. CIA. China has not typically gone beyond their own historical borders, and when they have, it is miniscule compared to how the U.S. has. That is immaterial to the discussion. The intended point of my comment was to provide a counterpoint to yours. The things you listed in either comment do not absolve the U.S. from its vast influence via warfare for its own ideological and economic gains, which is what your original comment that I replied to was trying to do. I think the main issue is that we have simply outpaced ourselves in that our technological progress far exceeds our emotional progress, which is essentially locked in to our biological makeup. So I think your latter point is on point. I don't know how to solve these issues, and I don't think we can. Humans were not made for the technology we've gifted ourselves. I am reminded of Christmas Island that is mentioned in Planet Earth II, episode 1. It describes an island with a crab that flourished there for millions of years. Human settlers brought a type of non-native ant to the island, the yellow crazy ant, and it turns out that the ant can easily kill the crabs, which have zero protection against the ants' attack. This shows there are moments in which life presents change in which there is no going back. The crabs are not able to evolve quickly enough against the ants, and the ants must be controlled by humans to even give the crabs a chance. Why I was reminded of this is because I feel technology is the ant, and us humans are both the crabs and humans who brought the ant. There's a quote by David Attenborough that stuck with me: "the greatest threat they [the crabs] face is change". I feel we've reached a turning point in which we've changed things forever, and I see no indication that things will get better or that we'll be able to adapt. I feel we are simply biologically limited, both in intelligence and emotional composition, to handle the worlds we continue to create. And now I am reminded of a speech by El Jefe in The Counselor , written by Cormac McCarthy. It shouldn't be surprising that McCarthy is a resident scholar at The Santa Fe Institute, the only author to have such an appointment to my knowledge. > Actions create consequences which produce new worlds, and they’re all different. Where the bodies are buried in the desert, that is a certain world. Where the bodies are simply left to be found, that is another. And all these worlds, heretofore unknown to us, they must have always been there, must they not? > Counselor, at some point, you have to anknowledge the reality of the world you're in. There is not some other world. This is not a hiatus. > I would urge you to see the truth of the situation you’re in, Counselor. That is my advice. It is not for me to tell you what you should have done or not done. The world in which you seek to undo the mistakes that you made is different from the world where the mistakes were made. You are now at the crossing. And you want to choose, but there is no choosing there. There’s only accepting. The choosing was done a long time ago. > I don’t mean to offend you, but reflective men often find themselves at a place removed from the realities of life. In any case, we should all prepare a place where we can accommodate all the tragedies that sooner or later will come to our lives. But this is an economy few people care to practice. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_crazy_ant#Impact_on_C... https://youtu.be/X89AXNO6TBw They also have a history of reverting back to poor worker treatment. I forgot the statistics, but the accident rate for their workers is quite high. I recently read an article about the lead safety engineer being told that Elon Musk doesn't like the color yellow, so that's why they couldn't paint yellow safety lines on the ground. Just think about that. Are you going from their own blog post? I would be suspicious of any claims by Tesla. Also, it has been reported that they underreport injuries. Musk continually pulls the same tactics that Trump does, except that Musk is applauded for it. The methods are the same: lie, confuse, insult, make grand claims. https://www.businessinsider.com/tesla-factory-injuries-incom... https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2020/03/07/tesl-m07.html How are they an energy or logistics company? What products or services do they sell that fit those categories? > I do believe it's made a big enough push already to spark the change to clean energy Are there studies that show this? I don't see or know how any push in cars, electric or not, is necessarily moving us toward cleaner transportation much less clean energy. Thank you the links. I will read them in more detail, but at first glance, they don't address what I am asking. If you look at an EV versus ICE car in isolation, the EV is definitely greener. However, if we look at the whole system and process of electric energy production, gas production, battery production and disposal, etc., I have not seen analyses that compare which is actually greener. I would love to be pointed to this, as I have tried to find it! As far as I can tell from my searching, they are essentially overall the same, except that the effects are spread around in time and place. Now, I can assume that there is a tacit argument that putting more electric vehicles on the road increases the demand for clean energy because electric vehicles tax electricity production heavier, which is not that green now. However, are electric cars really the primary driving factor for clean electricity production? Actual clean energy production is obviously extremely important. Also, I don't understand how continually building more and more cars gets us to a cleaner future. I imagine whenever self-driving cars arrive, we'll all just be sitting in packed streets. That doesn't feel necessarily cleaner or futuristic. That's still a vehicle isn't it? Are semi-truck makers considered logistics companies? Thanks. I didn't realize or had forgotten it was Tesla that sold the solar panels. Thanks for the link! That's the first time I've seen an analysis like that in terms of the time it takes for a crossover event. It'll take longer to read through their full report. Although, it does exclude the environmental impact of the battery disposal problem, at least in the summary article. And yea, I'm not looking forward to the self-driving "utopia". I feel it's solving the wrong problems and will create wholly new problems. I think you're throwing out whataboutism in a sort of ironic way. It would maybe (see below) be whataboutism if I was Chinese. I'm a U.S. citizen. I am not deflecting criticism against myself, the U.S., or China. I'm not deflecting any criticism at all, so nothing I said is whataboutism. I am simply asking people to think about and consider the problems and practical ways of understanding how to solve them. You cannot simply dismiss hypocrisy as whataboutism. Apparently you and everyone else throwing around this term would dismiss the common phrase of "look inward first" as whataboutism. > as far as 2 goes, galaxies are all atoms interacting after all. Although, galaxies aren't just made of things only made out of atoms. Most of the important stuff is not simply composed of atoms: black holes, stars, neutron stars, pulsars, dark matter, etc. For some reason, we humans don't apply system design to all the systems we build. If we were designing a system from scratch, no one would choose only two primary modes of transportation, cars and planes, and then tack on the rest. Instead, we'd choose a variety of modular, de-coupled ways with flexible interfaces to get around: walking, biking, scooters/motorcycles, cars, buses, subways, trains, and planes. Yes, we have all these today, but they are not used. Cars and planes do everything from long distance to short distance trips. Bicyclists, motorcyclists, scooters, and pedestrians are, often literally, sidelined and treated as annoyances. Instead, we should be using the best tools for the job and designing cities to support these variety of ways. In the U.S., we've given corporations such massive power and leverage that it breaks the system design process. Corporations aren't interested in building holistic systems. They want to build funnel systems that funnel people into their products, just as the car companies did back in the mid-twentieth century to kill off mass transportation methods to instead sell individuals and families the car. The U.S. could choose to be a world leader in this if it wanted, but it doesn't want to. > the chance of a virus like SARS-CoV-2 suddenly arising is fairly low I don't know if misleading is the right word, but this isn't the whole story and could in fact mislead people. What we should be taking from this breakout is that although potentially not that likely, they are becoming more and more likely. What's bothering me is all this focus on the wrong things. We need to already be preparing for the next spillover event for the next virus, but that isn't even close to being on the table, much less discussed or even mentioned. We shouldn't and can't be treating this as a singular event, but many are. I learned this from the below article: http://nautil.us/issue/83/intelligence/the-man-who-saw-the-p... >> Are spillover events more common now than 50 years ago? > Yes. EcoHealth Alliance, an NGO, and others, looked at all reported outbreaks since 1940. They came to a fairly solid conclusion that we’re looking at an elevation of spillover events two to three times more than what we saw 40 years earlier. That continues to increase, driven by the huge increase in the human population and our expansion into wildlife areas. The single biggest predictor of spillover events is land-use change—more land going to agriculture and more specifically to livestock production. Do we actually know this virus evolved in bats? To my knowledge, bats are simply a carrier, and the viruses they carry don't necessarily evolve in bats themselves (this should be checked). It seems possible the virus came from somewhere else. Bats are definitely not the only carrier of viruses, so it's dangerous to think they're the only animals to worry about. There are millions of viruses out there carried by all sorts of animals. http://nautil.us/issue/83/intelligence/the-man-who-saw-the-p... https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-020-01096-z What are you suggesting is a delaying tactic? What is the thing being delayed? > Countries have literally been bombed over far fewer deaths. This virus, itself, isn't anti-American or "terrorist" enough for the U.S. to wage war against, yet it's far deadlier. But carriers does not necessarily equal bats. I'm not for sure exactly what you mean by immutable variables, but if you are referring to Erlang not being able to rebind variables, then you might check out Elixir, which does have variable rebinding. All data in Erlang and Elixir is immutable but the rebinding of variables is handled differently between the two. http://blog.plataformatec.com.br/2016/01/comparing-elixir-an... I don't think that's necessarily what the person I replied to is talking about, given their language, which is why I asked. ---- I've been meaning to find some time and go through the Pharo MOOC. Would love to learn the language and environment. https://mooc.pharo.org/ I must be the odd one out because I couldn't jive with the course's presentation style when I tried to take it to see what the hype was all about. It felt like Joel Osteen was trying to teach me computer science. I don't mean to be flippant and don't read too much into that comment (it's just what came to mind), but it's just that the slicked up, overly produced style just turns me off from learning. I much prefer a calmer environment and a lecturer that seems like I could have a relaxed conversation with. The course feels like it's selling me something. I also don't understand why the course seems to cover everything and the kitchen sink. It covers a rather wide swath of material and programming languages. It's my personal learning and teaching style that courses should be more focused and concise. The course content also seems very trendy and software engineering job-oriented, and I think learning should be removed from trends. My fear is that students will come out of the course with a very narrow view of computer science such that they think C, Python, HTML/CSS/JS, SQL are the only games in town. Are MLs (SML, Ocaml, F#) or Lisps/Schemes mentioned at all in this course? I don't even see the point in teaching C as an intro language anymore. Python as well, which has nothing going for it as a language aside from library support and industry use. I'd be interested in how both students and other professors at Harvard feel about the course's success given their experience in courses that follow. > It is selling you into the world of computer science I personally don't like being sold something when learning and feel like there's a fine line between something being sold and something being presented as important or interesting. I acknowledge this is a strong personal preference. > It's an "intro" course. In fact, this intro course covers way more than what colleges in the US do for an intro course. Well, that's part of my problem with it. If it's an intro course, why throw so much into it? If it's meant to survey a lot of things, then why not provide a wider view? Having not taken the course, I am speculating here, but I would guess there's two outcomes to a student taking the course. They either get a superficial view of what they cover or things are covered at such a pace by going both deep and wide that there isn't time to properly ingest everything. That's why I am curious of hearing about actual outcomes from people taking the course. Courses that cover too much, for me, get me thinking in too many directions to be useful. > Nope, and why should they be? I was just asking the question, not saying they should be. But I do feel it's a bit of a disservice not mentioning them given that they inspired a wide swath of today's modern programming features. I also feel they are the ideal teaching languages, especially for intro courses. > David Malan answers this here: https://qr.ae/pNsCkQ I'm fairly unconvinced by that answer, which is rather predictable. Why is it important it's close to hardware? There's nothing stopping you from implementing data structures or exploring buffer overflows in other languages. Mathematicians don't start teaching students mathematics by being "close to the hardware". If they did, we'd start off the university education with real analysis, topology, and abstract algebra. Instead, calculus is the primary starting point, which sits at the right level of abstraction. C is exactly at the wrong level of abstraction. It's too far away from the hardware to really understand the hardware software interaction in depth, and it's too low-level to understand the more useful abstractions in computer science and programming. I personally view abstraction as the key point in learning programming and computer science, and C is probably the worst language you could pick for that. The approach found in Nand2Tetris and the book The Elements of Computing Systems is far more interesting if one wants to truly understand how software stacks on top of software that stacks on top of hardware. Thanks for the encouragement! Yes, I've seen the English dubbing, as I've watched the few videos or so. It seems like an interesting language, and I really like the idea of interactive programming systems. It's similar to what I use and the languages I am interested in, but I haven't given a Smalltalk system proper learning time. I feel it's an area of computer science that has not received much attention. If programming languages and their environments were more interactive and gave better feedback, then I feel I don't need all sorts of fancy stuff like dependent types, which really seem to excite people. If the system's interactability and feedback is good enough, I, the programmer, can make the right decisions, which is the primary challenge when programming. The amount of narcissism these people (the Koch's, for example) have is just astounding. If you're a billionaire, what could possibly be a reasonable explanation for why you even care about the post office? Why are these people so hell bent on hurting people to feed their own narcissism? The USPS could be improved but struggles primarily due to active efforts to kill it off. But it's a wonderful idea of a service that definitely should exist and be improved. What's next to kill off? Libraries? Public schools? The USPS, libraries, public schools provide basically guaranteed service to anyone, anywhere. They're wonderful institutions. Are they perfect? No. But very few institutions are, and these provide a helpful service to people. We should focus on improving them instead of spending so much money to kill them. I've learned that the USPS has free package pickup since someone is basically guaranteed to be in your neighborhood every day, which has been a wonderful service during this viral breakout. By having USPS pickup my small packages, it keeps me out of their stores away from other people and employees. I simply purchase a label online and schedule the free pickup, next day if it's a weekday. It's a minimum of $11 for UPS to come pickup your package at a residential address, even if they're already coming to your address for another delivery that same day. The same argument of being harmful to competition could be extended to schools and libraries and . It's just mind blowing why we should care about companies more than people. So what if it's harmful to competition? What merit does that have? (These aren't questions for you. They're rhetorical.) I agree with you in that wealthy people are given too much power in the U.S. In the U.S., becoming wealthy has somehow become a fast pass to do basically whatever you want and inflict change that could affect millions of people negatively or be self-beneficial (to the wealthy person) or both. Allowing individuals to accumulate so much wealth is just not good for the common people, and the fact that our government is so inept at managing money isn't a good enough reason to allow individuals to reach such power and wealth. If they are allowed to accumulate such wealth, there should be much stronger laws preventing their influence in government policies. > Are they better than the status quo though? Yes. No question. The socioeconomic situation in the U.S. is so poor that some of the top things public schools offer their attendees is food, water, shelter, and socialization. The people benefiting from these aspects have 0% of attending private schools. The fact that public schools are struggling with their educational duties is a political one and not one inherent to the service being public. It is the wrong perspective to only view public services as businesses. > It isn't- for most, it is about preventing the waste that tends to happen when organizations (be they corporations or government bureaucracies) become complacent and uncompetitive. You have a much different experience with companies than I do then. I have been hung up on by UPS customer service. I have had to simply stop ordering from Amazon because they were delivering greater than 50% of books damaged, forcing me to waste time and money returning them despite numerous reports and complaints. There was nothing I could do and not a single person cared. It's because these companies don't care about providing a service. They care about making money. And my problems as a customer weren't enough for them to lose money on, so they weren't problems to them. Does the USPS have problems? Yes. But at least in those cases I can actually find an actual person, usually local, to speak to. But that isn't the point. You're arguing that somehow companies aren't complacent when that is my exact opposite experience, especially with delivery companies. > That doesn't mean that you should assume the worst from the people you disagree with. Where did I do that? Especially in the case of USPS, the Koch's complaining about so-called unfair competition is exactly caring about companies more than people. That's very perceptive. Thanks for bringing that up. If that truly is part of the case, it's even more dastardly than I thought. That doesn't seem to make sense to me. We should give people money only to remove services, increasing their costs, likely far beyond any basic income could provide for? > The idea that it’s purely narcissistic is without merit. Privatization is about fostering competition to ensure better products are created. This fostering competition business is often a false narrative. If the USPS was dissolved, there would be hardly anything compelling UPS or FedEx to pick up its services. If they did, they'd be at an increased cost to consumers. > Just because the USPS works as is does not mean it couldn’t be better. In my original comment, I explicitly said "The USPS could be improved but struggles primarily due to active efforts to kill it off. But it's a wonderful idea of a service that definitely should exist and be improved." The problem is that the USPS is in a chokehold by politicians, starving it of funds and increasing its costs, yelling at it "why can't you do better?" Talk about "fair" competition. Of course public services should be improved. > But the more we keep failing at things like public schools the more I’m inclined to align with privatization. As I mentioned in my original comment, we should focus on improving these things. Public schools are poor for a variety of reasons, primarily political, and their problems are not inherent to their existence as a public service. My mom was a teacher for decades, as were her family members. I've seen why schools struggle, and it's not simply because they're a public service. > But you can’t fake incentive. What is the USPS incentive to do better? What is UPS or FedEx's or any other company's incentive to do better? More capital and more money. Their incentive isn't to make people's lives better. It's to earn more money. It just so happens that these can overlap, but company's have few incentives to provide services to people. That's the entire point of public services. It's because there isn't an incentive for companies to provide them in a way that's beneficial and cost effective for the common people. As far as I can tell, this article gives no definition of what they mean by "successfully translate" in their testing. I would think it should be equivalent to the typical use of porting, which usually means you move the codebase from one language to another, reproduce all existing functionality, introduce no new bugs, and maintain relative performance. I am not seeing anything in this article other than their translator translates functions to functions. It also doesn't mention what failure looks like. Does it mean bugs are introduced? Does it mean the translator doesn't return? How are the percentages arrived at? Also, I don't fully understand the why, which is also not really addressed. What problem is automatically translating a mess of a code base (I am assuming it's a mess, otherwise, why would you want to port it) to another programming language, leaving the mess in place, solving? Isn't the idea of porting to another language usually to help improve the codebase and/or to help integrate it into some other system? Is the idea of automatic translators that it does the "heavy" lifting that is then gone in and cleaned up by experts of the new language? How do you manage the failures, since that would seem you'd still need an expert in the original language? In another article, "Depression, Anxiety, Panic Disorders Can Fend Off Perseverance Toward Life Goals". Unfortunately, I find this article seems to be supporting the ol' "pull yourself up by the bootstraps" method of treating mental disorders. What were the other aspects of the study? Were medications monitored? What level of therapy was being given? I don't see anything in the article that suggests it couldn't have been the case that those that improved in their battle with mental disorders had also been under the effect of successful medication and therapy and thus their perseverance toward or even identification of life goals was made possible through that. How did you approach this in your workspace and successfully steer people away from C and C++? I have successfully avoided C and C++ my entire career, for good reasons, but I am getting more and more interested in doing more true embedded system type of work. Rust is certainly the leading candidate for me. To learn, have some fun, and think differently and more optimally. Most of the older and more mainstream programming languages like Python, Java, C, C++, etc. are simply uninspired. They have very mainstream and convoluted ways of thinking that bind you in ways that I personally can't take. When I program, I try and think of the problem and possible solutions in the same way that I would if working with a human colleague. That is, I design systems in a human way. I try to program in such a way that maps to how I would explain the domain to someone else and not how the computer thinks of it. Thus, I primarily think in terms of data, transformations on that data, interactivity, and concurrent or parallel operations. This approach almost chooses languages for me. My primary languages I am learning and using at home right now are F#, Racket, and Elixir. These are new (-ish) languages with new ideas based upon the strong foundation of old languages that had revolutionary ideas, so it's not surprising I landed on these, for me personally. Also, although each one is a complex language, they each have a simple core, which is another plus. Then there are visual languages like TouchDesigner and LabVIEW. However, the curse is finding a place that uses the road less traveled because it requires the company and its employees to have made the non-standard choice and to consider the tools as important as whatever else they're working on. There are few places that use newer languages, but I am trying to become more agressive in just using them at my work. If they solve problems in an efficient way, you shouldn't necessarily need to ask for permission. People can be trained. Nobody asks for permission when they use Python or C or whatever else. They use it because that's all they know. The other way is to merge your personal interests with work by creating your own company, but that is an obvious high hurdle. When using new languages, there is the problem of ecosystem, particularly in libraries. However, I am of the opinion that this isn't as big of a problem as often reported. It's a problem but not the no-go problem it is usually presented as. > It's just a normal service like any other. Normal companies do that just fine. No, they don't. Like others have mentioned USPS delivers to anyone in the extended U.S. with sane prices. They also provide sane international shipping prices. USPS also provides other services like free shipping materials and free pickup. Hiding these and the other services they provide behind companies who only care about the bottom line would hurt people who couldn't afford the services or simply have services they're used to dropped.