Both are using C3's data. C3 is a company that provided 3D data to NOKIA for the first version of 3D maps released two years ago and NOKIA made a terrible mistake to allow Apple to buy it and use C3's 3D data for their own maps. The mesh simplification algorithm used is based on edge collapses according to an error threshold, hence the strange skewing. Disclaimer: I worked for NOKIA L&C on 3D + cloud + navigation. Yes, hitta.se used C3 (Java IIRC). I believe it was their pilot project as both companies are from Sweden (possibly with government/universities involvement) and they used airplane stereovision to generate 3D, which would explain fantastic detail of the whole Sweden (I remember looking at the funny rotated skyscraper in Malmo). To be honest, I don't know why did hitta.se drop its 3D maps. I was playing with hitta.se before NOKIA bought the technology from C3 and there were internal rumors that C3 will be acquired. I would assume licensing costs were the main culprit; given the use of airplane flyovers, the data extraction was very expensive. It's good to be a mouse nowadays! R.I.P. Aaron! We miss you! Mac has outdated OpenGL. Period. I am not really happy that Google is cloning all successful approaches from various companies with slight modifications to suit their own purposes. First Facebook, now Apple. Where is that amazing, creative, innovative company I once admired? It's like Microsoft all over again. In GCC you can actually offload the decision about which registers to choose if you are writing inline assembly code. You just specify what type of registers you need and GCC optimizes the assignments for you. Then you reference them with % notation - e.g. movd %1, %2. Imagine you provide this as an inline function in C++; all the calls for simple functions like arithmetic operations will be optimized on the spot instead of building stacks or moving some value to/from eax... It sped up my 3D software renderer more than twice! :) Quit. I don't believe any manager behaving like that is doing it without his/her full consent and awareness of the situation, and its effect on the lives of his team. Do you really want to make such person successful by sacrificing your health and happiness? So, the answer to the great question of universe is not 42, but that the simulation results will be presented in a paper authored by a researcher duo Trurl and Klapaucius at the SIG UNI conference in the main universe? ;-) I think that's common characteristics in downfall of large companies and nations. Once ambitious managerial types without a viable enthusiastic vision take over, it's a long, hopeless decline; when the innovative types are punished in order to preserve power status quo, it's over. Material implication and the fact that logic based on it is considered OK. E.g. "if the moon was made of cheese, then P=NP" is considered true. This would have been funny if this kind of proofs wasn't used in proofs of basic facts of set theory, e.g. the theorem about empty set being a subset of any set. I am glad there are people trying to address these issues with a new logic, such as relevance logic, though almost every mathematician I know is fully reconciled with the former type of logic without questioning it. I have one of these since February and it's far better than any Chromebook - x64, 4GB RAM, 500GB HD, extremely portable, and runs Ubuntu 12.04 LTS by default. No weird ChromeOS limitations, no push to cloud storage by all means etc. Just the keyboard could be better... Both CPU and HDD are bottlenecks, it's not a speed king. HDD is a regular 5400rpm one, the Celeron 847 1.1GHz is also rather slow. I used it for some Java + Scala compiling and it took significantly longer than on MBP (10 vs 2 minutes). Also, I was able to run FL Studio under Wine and it was capable of recording my MIDI playing in realtime for arpeggiated sounds, though it had problems with 4+ simultaneous channels. Keyboard is really bad. Otherwise for the price it's currently unbeatable in my opinion. For my purposes a large HDD was more important as I make a lot of photos and hence need a lot of storage. I use it while traveling in "less safe" countries, such as those in Latin America - I don't really care about losing it. I would still rather use a simple texture mapping - map the image to a rectangle and then just rotate the 4 corner points. Rest is done naturally by your texture mapper. You can implement a texture mapper easily by finding the top-most rotated corner, take the two edge lines coming out of that corner, linearly interpolate texture coordinates on these lines for each horizontal line they cross and then simply walk linearly between those two texture positions spread across the horizontal line range. Then replace the edge line whose endpoint you reached by the next line until you reach the bottom-most corner. You can add surrounding texels to the mix to get the bilinear or another filtering. Also, Bresenham's line algorithm can be used for each of the line interpolations (though my assembly language experience showed that fixed point ints were actually faster). This is also embarrassingly parallel. I couldn't disagree more with some of the statements in the article. Hadoop is not a database! It's a parallel computing platform for MapReduce-style problems that could preserve locality. If your problem fits this, Hadoop absolutely rocks. If your problem is different then please use another tool. If your problem deals for example with high-resolution geographic or LiDAR data that can be easily processed independently (and that would easily give you a few petabytes each scan/flight so you can't stuff it into GPU), Hadoop is about the only open thing you can use to process them reliably (imagine having Earth surface data with the resolution of 1cm and the need to prepare multiple levels of detail, simplify geometry, perform object recognition, identify roads etc.). Even when your data is smaller if your problem fits in the MapReduce model well, Hadoop is a pretty convenient way to be future-proof while enjoying already mature application infrastructure. Why would you even bother working with toys that put everything into memory and then fail miserably in production (HW failure, need to reseed data after crash etc.)? I worked in a company that routinely processed these kinds of data; usually people accepting the thinking from this article hit a wall someday in production, couldn't guarantee reliability and ended up writing endless hacks for their algorithms that didn't scale when it was needed and became frustrating bottlenecks for everyone. Yes, I saw also some ridiculous uses of Hadoop (database that didn't have a chance ever growing over 20M records, problems not fitting MapReduce that needed custom messaging between jobs etc). Just use your reason properly, whatever has the potential for the future to handle large data do it with Hadoop or any appropriate system that supports your algorithmic model (S4, Kafka, OrientDB, Storm etc.) straight away. Make your software future-proof now or you'll have to rewrite it from the scratch when you will be under huge pressure. Don't become complacent with what you "know" now. Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you in any way! First, I really don't like if somebody by default compares Hadoop with SQL and this is a widespread confusion - they are completely different beasts; in fact an extension called Hive gives Hadoop + HTable an SQL-like syntax. However Hadoop is a parallel, batch-processing platform. Hadoop is slow-responding, you can't even talk about latency because a single task takes a lot of time even to setup/execute. It's completely inappropriate for real-time low-latency computations. For those, the in-memory, GPGPU, streams are much better. However, if you have a large dataset whose loading times onto a single machine may be very long - imagine loading 1TB to memory from a network drive if your computer can handle it - you might be better off by partitioning your data across thousands of smaller nodes (e.g. ARM microservers) and perform computations on each of them independently. This way you don't need to transfer a lot of data, each smaller local dataset is loaded very fast (= you preserver locality), you find balance between being CPU-bound and IO-bound and likely finish your computations much faster than on a single computer with huge memory but limited bus. Hadoop's tragedy is that it is now an established platform that is supported by large companies which are mostly driven by technologically clueless people, trying to put it everywhere as it is "in vogue" to do so. Google abandoned MapReduce model a few years ago but industry didn't seem to notice. Think about your case for chemical structures - is there any part of your algorithm that needs to be computed only occasionally but it's a lot of data to process? Why not offload it to Hadoop for preparing digest from these data which you can use in your real-time algorithm? That's actually pretty common usage scenario - Hadoop handles the rough mining, extracting the precious stuff from crude data, assembling it to a form that is refined and can be used by other parts of system that have completely different requirements, for example low-latency interactions. The only way is to wear GoPro-alike all the time while interacting with other people or record everything on your cellphone (at least audio). Equivalent to Russian dash cams. Perhaps some use for the glass. There are some really nasty people out there. whenever I see a request to provide credit card details upfront before trying a service, it subconsciously screams to me: "Scam! Stay away!" I would never give you my cc details in order to try your product. In fact this would put you firmly on my blacklist of sites never to visit again (unless you are some big well-known vendor of something I need). I am firmly in the camp of remote work lovers. It allowed me to travel around the world while working on world-class engineering and mathematical problems, make artistic movies from my travel, compose trendy music, get influences from outstanding random people I met, collaborate, have unexpected fun, experience different cultures. And this all while I am one of the fastest developers of my company, solving some of the most difficult problems that come (inventive and creative problems, not CRUD). Internal communication can be handled easily if people understand and trust each other. The unearned mistrust targeted towards high performers and envy of less competent managers/coworkers is what is killing corporations nowadays, not remote work. I love to work alone (on deep analytical problems) as well as love to collaborate with others in person or over Internet (putting pieces together and having fun creating) - location doesn't matter nowadays anymore and if it matters to you, you might end up behind the times as you won't be attractive to many people, some of them invaluable. BMW has a joint research lab with Google in Munich. My guess is this is the result of its work. What is a neat characteristics of N^2 where N is integer is that its value is the sum of the first N odd integers. 1^2 = 1 2^2 = 1 + 3 = 4 3^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 = 9 4^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 = 16 ... I am wondering if there is a relation of this to the article. Kids, this is why you should strive to become your own bosses and bootstrap your own businesses! I have an ASUS Zenbook Prime UX32VD-R4002V with NVidia GT620m and Optimus works flawlessly, both in Windows 7 and Linux Mint. Most games and demanding software switch to NVidia, HD4000 is used only for bare desktop and browsing. There are other issues with this ultrabook but Optimus is not one of them. Both DirectX and OpenGL work on both chips, output via HDMI works from both of them and I can even use CUDA in After Effects CS6 by adding 620m to the list of supported cards. The OP's experience is probably constrained to his particular model. I don't have that problem - it works flawlessly all the time. I am using Amazon basics HDMI cable connected via HDMI switcher to the external display (with the desktop, Chromecast and Tronsmart Android stick occupying 3 more HDMI inputs). Try perhaps another HDMI cable? Why don't you guys split Ukraine into two parts? The western part (pre-WW2's part of Poland) is pro-western, speaking Ukrainian, the eastern part is mostly inhabited by Russians that gravitate towards Moscow. Why nobody suggests this solution? 25W :-( As much as I wish AMD getting ahead, this is not good news for efficient ARM servers. Just twisting an old joke: Good software development methodology is like a UFO - everybody has heard of it, nobody has seen it. Restricting a creative process into some pre-baked confines of thinking doesn't make a sense to me. Some rules are vital thought those should not get too much in the way. I think only organically growing your rules makes sense and you've got to accept there will be situations where you have to break them or they won't allow you to adjust your strategy. Imagine a huge company that standardized on some well-tested processes/methodologies that served well in the past and were adjusted as it was growing. Staying with the same set of methodologies might kill the company's future if the structure of its workforce changes, technology moves forward, competitor has more efficient methodology for achieving returns etc. Often methodologies are used internally for political gains, pursuing promotions and power and "change agents" don't really care that much about improving efficiency, instead riding the wave of a currently cool methodology as recognized by the upper management. I find it quite funny. Monads were considered a hack to functional programming to add some imperative features like, you know, IO and similar funky stuff for which there was no math theory. Now seeing them grafted to a language that is considered the golden measure of all imperative languages is kinda LOL. Sure, monads come from category theory. IO and interactivity doesn't. Yes, though futures were always like that when you look at Java for example. Java always suffered from the need to prepare complex design patterns to do simplest things as it was much less flexible than C++. Now C++ is getting there as well. I personally would stick with some earlier C++ standard and use Haskell for my functional programming needs. Feels much more natural than trying to bend each language to support every thought process imaginable, and doing a poor job at that. Very nice! An interesting approach! Did you also consider using some more advanced geometry representation of terrain other than heightfields, such as triangulated irregular networks? That would allow you to choose an error threshold for each LOD and seamlessly join neighboring patches together without the need to use vertex shaders for it. I did my own "Google Earth"-alike using a modified BDAM algorithm a couple of years ago. It required Hadoop preprocessing of detailed input data (resolution in meters), parallel terrain simplification using quadric error metrics and edge collapses and produced a set of layers at different LODs. The cool thing about it was that you could have chosen the desired screen-space error and fetch only those LODs that were fitting - usually these had far smaller size than regular heightfields of the same resoultion/error. You could have also incorporated roads, rivers, buildings, bridges, tunnels straight into your terrain geometry, as well as different textures for each sub-part of it. The tessellation was a bit funky (BDAM uses triangular patches instead of tiles) however there are also variants that utilize rectangular tiles. Vertex shader was then used to simulate 64-bit precision, giving uniform rendering detail in centimeters for the whole Solar system. Geometry shader could add more detail into it and overall it was very snappy online as the size of downloaded data was smaller than with regular meshes. Completely understood, it's better to focus on interesting 3D stuff and easier to do it this way in JavaScript than to handle tile caching using WebWorkers/WebSockets and local storage in a language that doesn't support proper multithreading. Yes, the project was completed and working fine though it ended up buried deep within my former employer's R&D lab and I have no update if they are using parts of it anywhere. They got acquired and another office was aggressively taking over, getting rid of internal competing technologies. I also had a prior experience in adding dynamic 3D cities and vector maps into NASA's World Wind, and therefore writing a completely own globe from the scratch was a joy ;-) I am thinking about doing similar apps in WebGL and Qt and writing some tutorials on how to do it as I progress, so perhaps we can inspire each other then. First I need to finish some tutorials for advanced 2D geometry and Bezier curves though (Illustrator-class algorithms with JavaScript + HTML5 live examples). Thanks for writing this inspiring piece! :) I believe there are two problems in flight simulators: - insufficient precision of OpenGL 32-bit floats in Earth-scale computations. If you want to render the whole Earth, you'll find that at the ground level your precision is only 16m resulting in jittering as you move. This was usually solved by "zoning" and local coordinate systems, hence it was easier to deal with a smaller set of ground "tiles" and haze out the distant ones. Having said all that, nowadays you can use vertex shaders to simulate 64-bit (or rather 56-bit) precision and get around 1cm resolution at any distance - the need to have various LODs that include curvature of the Earth with significantly increased error tolerances, which in turn increases memory consumption. Again, nowadays should be no longer an issue given entry-level GPUs having 1GB of RAM and geometry shaders Jean Michel Jarre - Music for the Supermarkets That would be under an assumption that the distribution of planes around the globe is even. Given most jetliners are flying in corridors, I would say the actual probability is much much lower. The same can be probably said about meteorites - I guess their geographic distribution is uneven as well. Can you combine this with AVISynth for rendering videos? It would be cool to be able to completely bypass Lightroom when I need to process individual images and do it instead in a single script. It's probably common in technology area that due to Dunning-Kruger effect many super talented engineers have low self-esteem and real-life skills, and are attracted by "magical" personalities, forming narcissist-codependent pairs. I see it all around, it's sad, but unless engineers fix their broken "insides", it's going to happen. It's then pretty logical that the narcissistic part of the pair gets all the fame, spotlight, power, and the co-dependent part gets used, squeezed, depleted and thrown away once not useful. D-K goes both ways - unskilled think of themselves highly, highly skilled lowly. I often wonder if this is the ultimate joke of the Universe embedded deeply in the fabric of "matrix". I understand you, I had some experiences when I had to continuously facepalm when dealing with politics, ideas that had a strong push due to nepotism and cronyism, threatening somebody's power by presenting and executing superior non-trivial ideas in a very short time that became the base of the whole operations etc. In the end I decided I don't want to waste my life working for people propagating this way of working and had to completely overhaul my strategy. I can give you a few advices (with your intelligence you are aware of them anyway though might not have been acting on them so far): 1) start your own business(es) that can be automated to a large extent. You'd spend 1 hour a day running it, making adjustments and in time it would grow to sustain you 100%. There are still a plenty of areas you can focus at, you might have avoided them because they are "easy", or "anyone could do that", "uninteresting" etc. Yet they give you a recurring income that would give you freedom to pursue whatever you want to do. 2) accept (and give) only partnerships when working with someone, on fair terms 3) do a reasonable long-term investing, 80% "stable", 20% risky or whatever reasonable ratio suits you 4) when forced to work on something due to economical circumstances, sudden change of directions due to acquisition etc. with which you can't agree, stop using your emotions there and do the average expected work, while preserving energy and attention to your future opportunities 5) retain your integrity. Compromising yourself weakens you immensely 6) make sure you are on top of your game all the time - get excellent at chosen difficult MOOCs, do some new thing with an utmost focus (arts?), anything where you can get a real feedback about your capabilities and progress You should understand you hold enormous power even as an individual. Perhaps because of your past generosity or good will you didn't use it or were led to believe that you can't do a lot of things - I think your subconsciousness is rebelling to such thoughts, hence the strong reactions you have. You can literally bring whole companies to the ground if you wish to, or create something unique that empowers others in a good way. Most people become mediocre, uninspiring, "happiness" pursuers, take some kind of blue pill, yet still thinking they have the best ideas, are brilliant, master minds etc. They will never understand what is going on once you start utilizing your mind to improve some small part of life for everyone. There is just too much of "me too" in design nowadays. I was really dismayed when MS came up with Metro/Modern and suddenly most vocal designers flipped switch and started to produce designs inspired by the new MS's design language. No creativity there at all, just plain boring simplistic uniformly colored boxes. I guess even Apple caught the metroitis with iOS 7. No idea what went on over there, from UI that was appreciated as the most beautiful, polished and envied it just borrowed approach from the most controversial that many find disgusting (hey, was the default color palette chosen by color blind people?). We had the same problem when hiring designers for our creative product - most designers just flat out copied all sorts of ugly trendy flat designs. I really don't want my app to look like it was designed by the 5-year old Miró that just discovered boxes in MS Paint. What is happening in design? Is it the same thing that happened with classical music when modernists completely broke historic standards and started to produce "intellectual" music that maybe 5% of population can appreciate, the rest just suffers through? I can automate creation of ugly boxes/flat stuff myself, I don't need designers to do that. From a designer I would expect something original, expression of craftmanship that will discern my work from the others. Not uniformity. boto.mws is absolutely essential for e-commerce on Amazon. I can't even think of moving to 3.x because of that. Not to mention other critical components like Excel processing etc. 2->3 is a major problem in Python, can't understand the thinking behind breaking that much compatibility. Compare this to Java. I think people see what they want to see. Current Zeitgeist is pointing towards approving use of pot for recreational purposes while ignoring all the risks or even discrediting anyone saying the opposite. I deeply remember one episode from my adolescence when another kid smoke a large amount of pot in the basement and suddenly started yelling: "Dragon, I see dragon!" while having his eyes open in an expression of fear for a few hours. From my point of view, pot smoking is another horrible idea such as cigarette smoking - it annoys anyone who doesn't smoke as the air quality deteriorates and damages both active and passive participant's health. Moreover, certain parts of population are prone to damage their brains as well as compromise their will, instead running away to "lalaland" whenever they face any challenge. There is a saying in Frankfurt nightclubs that you can't build a business on stoners and some nightclubs had to close due to having their business deteriorating due to unofficially allowing pot inside. Similar to crack cocaine in Rio de Janeiro when the drug trafficking favelados decided not to sell it anymore as it was killing their own customers and business. As a professional photographer I can see what drugs are doing to my models - you have a world-class awesome beauty with a great personality one year, and the next year a train-wreck with horrible changes to physiology and likely involved in escorting business. In other words, I see the movement to legalize pot as another insanity in progress. And we think humanity is evolving... Yes, it's a horrible tragedy what is happening in Mexico, especially border cities like Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana, as well as other South American or Middle-Eastern countries due to drug trafficking. Ask people in northern Mexico what do they think - most of them will tell you that they just want Americans to take all the drugs and the facilities to USA and keep them away from Mexico so that they can live normal lives and not be threatened by Zetas and Gulf cartel gunners hijacking buses and forcing participants to fight in gladiator-style for survival, or to dig 5000 graves of women killed by gangs of Juarez at the outskirts of the city. Why do they have to suffer all the consequences when some people in the US need to be "high" to feel good about themselves? The problem is in YOU guys, not in the war on drugs. Congrats! Great job guys! Just a few questions - what algorithm do you use for geometry simplification? Is it based on quadric error metrics edge collapses? How do you join tiles of different LODs? Any papers on reconstructing 3D from your drones? Is actually anyone considering JavaScript not to be "ruined" by default in the first place? On ARM the tempo is considerably slower than on AMD64 and on SPARC it seems to play a lot more instruments at the same time. LOL What a parody! With this article she effectively destroyed her business... Unbelievable! Nobody with a brain would like to work for her after a simple search for references and her customers must be already scratching their heads if they can trust that a business with her as a head would stay afloat... Unless she is linked to EU funds that can keep her business funded regardless of performance due to political connections, I don't think many people would be willing to bet on her. This is not about making tough calls when they are necessary, it's about exhibiting inability to comprehend basic business and operational issues and inability to at least conceal that fact by issuing meaningless statements. I am wondering if the prolonged latencies from most of the Google services I am experiencing in the past few years are somehow related to using Spanner instead of the previously conventional "compute in advance offline"-"serve immediately" approach. The Spanner paper mentioned they sacrificed a bit of latency (from nanoseconds in DHT lookup to milliseconds). I understand it's more convenient for Google developers to have more predictable thought framework instead of making every single project a piece of art while spending most of the time fighting inconsistencies arising from eventual consistency. The question is if it was worth it? I remember time when Google services were amazingly fast - that time is unfortunately gone :-( I meant the traditional NoSQL architecture (like what LinkedIn was using) where you had offline batch processing based on Map Reduce executed regularly during the day and the results were stored in a distributed hash table with super low latency and eventual consistency. This made access super fast but inflexible, i.e. only what was precomputed could have been accessed. Amazon estimated that each 1 ms of additional latency costs them a few million dollars a year as well as decreases rate of returning users. For low latency there is still nothing better than eventual consistency, so they may be driven by the bottom line. Also, from my experience of being a merchant on Amazon with hundreds of thousands of items in inventory that need to be updated almost realtime as prices/stock changes all the time, leading to a few millions updates a day (in bulk), I can't envision how Amazon would be able to achieve fast import from a horde of merchants like me on any SQL system. I wish the same. I needed over 160 BD-R to archive 5K RAW footage of my around the world movie and just archiving them on a single BluRay writer took a few days. I wish there was more progress in consumer space... I hope they are going to improve precision of elevation as well, not just longitude and latitude. Excellent! Congratulations! Can't wait to get my hands on the 64 core version! :-) 1366x768 in 2014? This argument won't stand. New phone displays have significantly lower battery consumption than the old ones and substantially higher resolutions. And you can always employ tricks like reducing refresh rate to lower the consumption even more. Could be. 13" rMBP won't be much different from a 13" rMBA then. I have a 15" rMBP. This is about MBA. iPad doesn't have a problem having retina display, just MBA. I always assumed Google has two kinds of translations - the online we know from the web, which is fast though simple, and an offline, that is much more realistic but slow. Other companies achieved very good offline translations (often by employing professional translations that translated sentences between languages and building databases for automated translation) and I see no reason why Google wouldn't be able to create/license a similar one. There is a huge disconnect between intuitive mathematics and the formalized one taught at universities since the middle of the 20th century due to Bourbaki's group. For many people this emptied mathematics and made it inaccessible to a large portion of population, making them 2nd class citizens of the future, group which would be otherwise capable of mastering it with a proper pedagogical style. IMO this is a pedagogical insanity, flooding young kids with formalisms that took centuries to emerge without any explanation about their background and enforcing form over content, which is what cuts many super talented people and forces them to focus at different fields. There are many problems with contemporary math that are conveniently avoided (binary logic for example - most of the population doesn't believe it has any connection to thinking due to weirdness of material implication and teacher's insistence that this is the right way to think, never mentioning that its distant father Aristotle was so discontent with it that he immediately developed a first proto-modal logic), etc. If some constructionists and intuitionists weren't going against the scientific current, we wouldn't have had computers for a long time. You can get back to it. I did the opposite decision 9 years ago - I started a PhD on cancer detection out of pure idealism, completely ignoring money as useless. Later I realized that I need large sums of money to pursue the grand dreams I had, hence I started multiple e-commerce companies (that can be almost automated) to get the necessary cashflow for independent research on what I deem important (cancer, multiplex sclerosis etc.). You are already in the position of being able to fund things that matter - now it might be a good opportunity to seek people that can help you getting your dreams of a better world come true. I know a few people that founded successful businesses and later they removed themselves from most of the duties except for ownership and started to pursue their visions, such as prolonging human life, organ replacement etc. A case for always using polarizing filter ;-) I find it funny that my graphics card is now faster than the world's fastest supercomputer in 1997, yet I am forced to "offload" stuff to cloud. I bought CS6 suite as it became clear Adobe is moving full steam ahead with CC. I think it is one of those examples where the move serves only company's interests and doesn't make much sense to users (except for continuous updates that might accidentally break things as well). The initial pricing might have been competitive for some packages, for many users however caused substantial increase if they used to skip one cycle for upgrades. I understand Adobe needs a predictable revenue stream though I consider this as a flop. This all seems sensible until Adobe revokes your license and you lose all money you invested so far and access to the work you produced. There should be consumer protection laws for these cases. When you pirate software, everything works smoothly (unless you catch some trojan), but if you are a paying customer, all kinds of unpleasant and artificial problems are thrown at you. Lightroom is far better for the tasks you mentioned than GIMP. IrfanView or XnView would be also perfectly adequate for your simple tasks. Forget about easy skin retouching in GIMP, no 16-bit/channel in official release yet, forget about high-end fashion photography with GIMP. It's still not there :-( I have a feeling that "being busy" is just a gentle form of crowd control. I could see it in Japan, people being terribly busy at work, yet producing very little, spending most of the time during the day at job, unable to do anything in their spare time. I guess that's how Asian society makes sure there is no unexpected creativity leading to "interesting times". It could also help individual people to cope with social anxieties by being "busy". I wouldn't be surprised if the same were happening in the States. I don't believe people can be super-productive more than 5 hours a day unless they work on something they are passionate about or are on drugs. From my experience, just walking away from a difficult problem, taking time to walk in the forest, relax on the beach, playing sports with friends, doing completely unrelated relaxing things with total focus often leads to sudden inspirations on how to tackle difficult problems. It's like life is telling me to relax and rewards me with great ideas that can be immediately executed, for being just well balanced. I remember flying with one US businessman between Hawaiian islands, and he curiously asked me how many vacation days do I have - when I told him it's 6 weeks, he went on to complain about how crazy is it in the States, with average of 8.5 day or so of vacation per year. People, please live your lives! I am currently in Germany, 6 weeks is basically a standard excluding holidays (which is up to 13 extra days depending on the state and weekend overlay as there are no bank holidays). So in the end you can end up with ~8 weeks. Minimum vacation days as specified by the law is 4 weeks. Most of my friends in the US start with 2 weeks, after a few years they get 3 weeks, then these are reset if they change the job, and if they take a vacation, they are either frowned upon or they have to be available to work on a moments notice. I find this utterly crazy. Well, 2 weeks were a starting offer from once the most valuable company on the planet for a senior SW engineer position in California, with automatic extension by 1 week after the first year, and another week after a promotion to a staff engineer. One Seattle-based eCommerce company forced you to keep pager with you all the times, even on a vacation, if you were an unlucky part of operations. This can't happen in most European countries, unless the company desperately wants to lose plenty of court cases. One member of my US family in the midwest worked in an unionized menial job with 1 week of paid vacation including sick days. The rest was unpaid. If you are running multiple automated eCommerce companies that have their core system written in Python 2 like I do, you'd find that boto/mws and python-excel aren't available for Python 3 (python-excel's porting to Py3 stopped in 2011), which would prevent you from spawning new businesses on Amazon or handling (unfortunately standard) MS Office interchange files quickly. I actually made the decision to run on Python 2 due to unavailability of these libraries for Python 3 about a year ago (I didn't really care about Python before as I primarily used C++/Java/Asm/GLSL/C#/Haskell in the past) - I was deeply shocked by what Py3 did to its own community and still have that weird feeling that Python is slowly killing itself. I didn't want to write my own Amazon and MS Office wrappers in Python 3 anyway and from all platforms available Py2 seemed to have the least amount of troubles (though I had to write some Py3 code for handling advanced TLS properly). I worked at SUN in the distant past, the backwards compatibility was the mantra #1. Both latest Java and Solaris were expected to run the oldest possible code, and they considered it one of the most important assets. For many people in eCommerce and banking the arrival of Java was a "manna from heaven", as before they had to deal with the crazy complexity of CORBA and similar technologies. Java simplified this significantly and added at the time modern easy-to-program and fairly safe multi-threading that allowed software like Apache etc. This made Java famous and gave it a "huge karma" amongst developers. Without Java we probably wouldn't have experienced the massive expansion of eCommerce, and now we are lucky to see all the Java's issues - a good problem to have ;-) Java and JVM as a consequence have their share of problems that arose from initial design decisions such as type erasure (which .NET's CLR avoided) that still deforms all languages based on JVM to this day. Massive boilerplating, J2EE's unreadable XML mess, complex design patterns invented to cope with the limitations of the language are some of the other problems. The compatibility with the old code is still there though. I've never played with Ruby, I've heard it's still used by many young web companies for their frontends (like SoundCloud) and have heard they had some release that broke most of the compatibility which alienated many of their users. From this and from Python's example I would suggest keeping both the old way and introducing the new ways in parallel so that developers don't have to rewrite/reinvent the wheel when somebody decides to change a part of the language. This served C/C++ pretty well, adding slowly new features and instead of forcing users to use the "current right way", they allowed to live multiple different approaches together. I think that would have served Python well as well - even Py3 feels at places like a hack, similar to Py2. One of the few pleasures of modern world is now slowly being removed! :-D I guess I will treasure my memories of driving Lamborghini Murcielago over 200mph forever and will tell my grandchildren there was a time when you actually could drive a car yourself! And to those that argue young people don't want to own the car - it's mostly about not wanting to spend your life commuting, hunting parking spots or in traffic jams, and frankly, daily driving to work in the States is as boring as it can get. I don't own a car, I rely on public transport which is usually faster in European cities than driving your own car, allowing me to work on a lot of stuff while traveling. Whenever I need I rather rent a car - it's newer, serviced, no hassles and I can try different cars at will. From that point of view self-driving vehicle is wonderful (if it becomes eco-nomical/logical), though as a car-geek and F1/CART fan I really love to drive for pleasure. Still, if you think about it, what will be then the difference between having all cars self-driving, and public transport? All cars will be queued automatically, possibly flow-"optimized" at junctions, behaving like a special type of public transport (if we manage to create a proper real-time highly intelligent scheduling). When you look at how Google computes the fastest route in their maps/online navigation, they basically have some precomputed grid of "main" traffic centers, and they route all local traffic to the nearest of those centers. The main centers have pre-computed distances/times/routes between each other, so they can be stored in a distributed hashmap, and the lookup of the fastest route takes nanoseconds. The remaining "local" part is then computed on the fly. I am curious if a similar algorithm will be used in our self-driving future - you'd have local part of the route where you'll board a self-driving car and that will lead you to one of those "main" centers where a super-fast transport will move you to another "main" center, either by having you to board an express-train like device, or putting the whole car or just its interior there. What do you think? I think Chinese can probably experiment with such approach in one of their experimental cities ;-) Well, I live in Germany so go figure. And please stop with your condemning talk! The ladies returning from a supermarket go often over 120mph over here on their way back home (legally!), you can see Porsche test drivers going full speed at 2am on an Autobahn almost every day, yet the accident/fatality rate is actually lower than on interstates in your country (I assume you are from the US). People here are drilled like crazy to obtain a driving license, unlike driving around the block and doing simple parking, and they behave well on the highways, letting faster cars ahead and not blocking them going 65mph in the fast lane or hastily switching lanes. Not far from my city is probably the most hardcore racing circuit in the world open for public - Nürburgring, and what other car would be suitable for reaching 200mph if not one like perfectly serviced Murcielago? Yes, it's risky. So is eating HFCS in all your food daily and sticking to high-carb diet, depriving oneself of sleep due to working long hours or not taking vacation to recharge due to constant stress. I am not talking about stupid reckless street racing - that's very uncommon over here. I agree with your assessment. It's probably inevitable and actually will do a lot of good allowing people that are unable to drive to reach their destinations, as well as avoiding the need to waste time on learning how to drive (I know in the US it's pretty easy, but in most of other countries it's a fairly difficult and non-trivial endeavor to acquire a driving license). If we can really pull it off in all real-world conditions, it would be pretty cool. At that point I wouldn't see any future for old school technological marvels like Murcielago anymore, as they wouldn't be allowed to interfere with automated traffic (human factor is unpredictable and we probably won't crack the problem of safely handling all situations automatically, though maybe with a huge sensor coverage the risks could diminish). Personally, I can't wait until we invent teleports capable of transferring living subjects, though that seems to be a task for a century far away ;-) Time to get a nice tough crowbar 8-) I don't like SQL either. Disclaimer: I wrote my own SQL server some time ago, then went on to help to prepare a NoSQL architecture at one of the largest tech companies. SQL is a weird hack of relational algebra with a huge variation of syntax between different providers. Also, it's pretty inflexible if you need to change schema, you need to solve crazy transactional problems if you write your own server, not mentioning the problems arising from clustering. Try modeling trees in SQL - if your data is mostly static, you will be saved by nested sets or their fractal successor, however most SQL servers mislead you in thinking their tree-functions are anywhere as performing. If you think you don't need trees, imagine modeling categories or an org chart in SQL, and making sure decisions at one level propagate correctly to all levels underneath and can be overriden only with correct permissions, and this must be a part of each query. Try to benchmark your CTE query against a nested-sets implementation as described e.g. here: http://www.evanpetersen.com/item/nested-sets.html I am not sure what is the situation today; in 2005 when I wrote nested-sets implementation for TSQL and benchmarked it against Oracle's START-CONNECT extension it was a few milliseconds vs seconds for large hierarchies. Of course, nested sets need an occasional rebuild of the whole hierarchy so they are only useful for mostly static hierarchical data. If you have only a couple of levels, you are probably fine with what your SQL server offers; for huge amount of hierarchical data you need to use something smarter. I'll just put a few points here to understand when you should use which architecture. NoSQL: - reading is fast, writing is expensive (if all data are pre-processed/denormalized for reading during the writing phase) - often schema-less - low latency (for key-value storage) - offline batch processing (classical Map Reduce) - no ACID, choose 2 of 3 in CAP - demanding on SW engineers to get client-side conflict resolution, tricky in general - Petabytes of data can be suddenly processed - huge variation of different paradigms, key-value, document, graph, batch etc. - haywire indexing SQL: - writes are fast (normalization), reads are expensive (JOINs) - ACID (well, only to some extent, clustering messes up many ACID properties unfortunately and conflicts arise in corner cases) - set operations and a neat math theory behind them - stable indexing, easily constructable real-time JOINs - OLTP - easier for developers - non-flexible schema - tradition, well-known recipes on how to do things Basically, if you want to have low-latency access, your concurrency model allows eventual consistency, or you have a need to store your data in non-standard structure such as graphs/trees, use NoSQL and pre-process all data to be exactly in the format you require for reading. If you need 99.999% guarantee of consistent data, amount of data you need to handle is under 50TB, you can put your data into a fixed schema and latency doesn't matter that much, use SQL. I would recommend you to ask yourself a question - is your app/business read-heavy or write-heavy and decide accordingly. Berlin is underfunded, top management has the "dominate everything" attitude in most start ups, no equity to employees, people are expected to be conforming to their bosses (German mentality), wage split into fixed (small) + variable part (which mostly doesn't materialize), low-ball offers are the name of the game in Berlin, selling a dream of a bright future with no equity. The race of the uglies - OS X Yosemite vs Windows 8.1 - is on! :-D Sorry, this was just a jab at the flat-design trend nowadays ;-) I use OS X only since 10.7 so I didn't have any exposure to its previous versions. As a senior developer you can get 75k fixed + 10k variable even in some of Berlin's start-ups, however you might get that easily in Hamburg, Munich, Ingolstadt or Frankfurt. In Munich and Frankfurt you can get 110k + about the same variable if you work for one of the trading/ad companies (and have a stomach for it). The housing prices in Berlin are skyrocketing, approaching the other big German cities fast, so basically with 38k you would be quite close to poverty level if you have a family (though "poverty" in Germany is much gentler than in the US due to a lot of social support and welfare from the government, paid by high taxes). At SUN I was working with 256-thread SPARCs regularly and it was fairly simple to program using Java, except for some oddities in Solaris regarding networking stack. So if you need fast web servers, app servers or ETL, these chips can be pretty awesome. SPARC's threads were slower than ARM processors in mainstream phones nowadays, yet they were pretty good in handling web load. I would buy these chips in an instant, similarly to Parallela's 64-core ARM. The competition would be Xeon Phi - I assume that is much more expensive and the memory is too limited (8GB). Thanks for correcting me, you are right! It has 64 RISC cores alongside dual-core ARM. Xeon Phi seems to be targeting two markets at once - many-core (x64) server computing and GPGPU with their 512-bit SIMD. For general server the memory limitation to 8GB is too low, which is however very competitive in GPGPU market. Exciting times ahead ;-) Also, there is a difference in required memory architecture when it comes to optimizing CPU thread performance vs SIMD - CPU is more sensitive to latency, SIMD to bandwidth. You usually have to pick the memory type (e.g. DDR3 vs GDDR5) that optimizes one of those and that would tell you what market you target. I am not sure how AMD handles their HSA - they seem to have discontinued plans for GDDR5 so their Fusion GPU is going to be bandwidth-starved. Actually, this holds only up to certain extent. Synchronization, locking, memory access patterns and context-switching from many threads with accompanied cache thrashing can bring the effective parallelization to very small levels. I remember from benchmarking a high performance transactional messaging system in Java I was working on seeing how it hit a flat line at some point where it didn't scale at all due to CPU/memory contention (this depended on maximal number of threads allowed). We had to look at alternative designs such as 0MQ to see how they overcame it - basically they put one working/client thread per core to achieve their 1M messages/s. We were using 10s of thousands of threads in our middleware when necessary, and that was faster than async NIO in Java 6 at that time. I was trying to crack exactly the same problem a decade ago - I was very frustrated by "classical" perspective distortions (such as looking up and down at a very tall pole, you notice in 3D projection the projected width at a given height changes depending on the pitch angle, which is counter-intuitive as your eye doesn't do that). I searched for answers, read Denis Zorin's disertation from Caltech, various different camera models etc. After one talk with a neurosurgeon he mentioned that those "perspective distortions" are perceived often by patients after a brain surgery and as the brain heals the normal undistorted picture begins to emerge. I am still curious if there is a more realistic mathematic formula that would allow us to have exactly the same perspective projection in 3D graphics as we have with our eyes. Anyone knows any recent research on this subject? I guess the perception is that MBAs are trained to become a part of an already established traditional business and not a ground-breaking start up, their skills are specifically trained to support the current form of corporations. This notion is supported by entrepreneurship courses from people like Steve Blank. Moreover, MBAs are perceived as being unable to grasp the technological advancement, "getting in the way" of technology and insisting on leading because they have such a degree and not because of their real-world skills (and often insisting on non-sensical and "trendy" priorities), and this sentiment is pretty common amongst typical techies. We really must be living in an idiocracy if this passed Turing test. Perfect! Thanks for the tip! I will add UTAUloids to the collection of vocaloids I bought in Kyoto! Composing music with Hatsune Miku or Megpoid vocaloids was fun, can't wait to try UTAU as well ;-) Sounds like something from Alan Parsons Project :-) Why not use Android sticks instead? For $60 you can get a quad-core with 2GB RAM, USB + HDMI + WiFi + BT and passively cooled. You can place dozens of them on a single rack. What would be Chromebook advantage here? I meant "passively cooled" as their advantage. You can always place some Noctua on top of them if needed, you just don't have to. I have one of RK3188-based sticks which is enclosed in a passive case. I also run the latest Bay Trail NUC in passive mode 24/7 and its temperature is higher on heavy load than of that Android stick. Performance wise BT is about 2x as fast, though it depends on a task. 9W vs 14W at full load including OpenGL, 1W vs 4W at idle. Bay Trail is about the same speed as Core 2 Duo or 1st gen Phenom. I assume Snapdragon 800, Mediatek MT6595 and new A57 chips are there as well, or even better. Soon we should start seeing chips approaching the speed of i3 on smartphone SoCs. If you optimize for latency relational databases won't cut it. OK, I should have written "if you optimize for read-access latency". Better? Thank you for sharing your experience! It's always inspiring to read well-written articles as is yours! Some people say astaxanthin helped them. Come on, this is like the easiest problem you could have gotten during Google's, Microsoft's or Facebook's phone screening interview. If you can't figure it out in 10 minutes, then you should forget about working there. I miss the old times when these puzzlers were asked during interviews. My theory is that you can recognize an excellent place of work with a great future when they actually ask you these sorts of questions as it attracts certain kind of excellent and creative people. I could see the "interestingness" of companies being shifted as they abandoned these questions, first Microsoft (picked up by Google), then Google (picked up by Facebook), like they were passing some kind of "greatness" token (MS->G->FB). I was told at Google that I solved two problems like this during an interview that nobody solved before me in 15 minutes (one led to a super complicated math formula and dynamic programming, the other I solved optimally but differently to their solution, and provided an optimality proof based on discrete calculus). It was the greatest and most challenging interview in my life. I miss it, all interviews nowadays are just boring as hell :-/ Yes, I had it during 1st phone screen with Microsoft, coding it in their interviewing system and I figured out the two pointer version without a prior knowledge.