Medium skilled men are coders. High skilled men are coders. ... High skilled women are coders. Selection bias. Just wanted to point out the humblebundle for Pathfinder role playing game. Super cheap,get all the materials What about the energy it takes to grow one human? What babble. So much is wrong with that article, I don't know where to begin. The only thing right was the signing away of copyright is bunk. It feels like its almost a fear/adversion to completion. Weird question..Do you tend to fail to shut doors all the way? Sorry. Not impressed. My reaction was based on several reactions 1. I heard more convincing music composed by AI a decade ago. 2. It suffers from the same pointlessness that seems to plague these attempts: Disjointed, monotonous, doesn't go anywhere. 3. The exercise did not place itself in the context of other approaches to AI music compodituon. I apologize for my rudeness and brevity. Unfortunately Opera just wants to sell your web history. To sell your web history themselves. Just to sell All your web history themselves. Wow Cool. It would be cool to pair it with a visualization so I can get a sense of how the sound and the classic Mandelbrot fractal shape correspond...if they do. Just want to say that it is incorrect to say that cognitive scientits dont talk about awareness of mental models, or awareness if mental processes. It is a field callee meta-cognition....and its a really cool field...and the phenomena are measureable. Cool article though. This article is poorly thought out clickbait. Few cognitive scientists think about cognition the way that is being suggested, anf the suggested replacement is next to useless. I study the neuroscience of episodic memory. Episodic memory requires one shot learning critically dependent on the hippocampus which is posited to use operations of pattern separation (to reduce intereference for distinct memories with similar features) and completion ( retrieve whole from partial input of features) to encode and retrieve bound representations, respectively. Prior to the hippocampus are operations that detect feature novelty in the perirhinal cortex. In contrast to these functions is the slow learning of the neocortex which supports semantic memory. Episodic and semantic memory funcions are intertwined in a complex way. Seems to my mind that deep learning is the cortex, and the binding function is the hippocampus. Add some executive control functions to guide learning strategically and it will start sounding eery. require JavaScript? is this real? Interesting derivation, but why not Receiver Operator Characteristics(ROC)? In recognition memory research we often collect confidence ratings on a 6-point scale for yes/no decisions, for example, and plot ROC curves, and calculate d' discrimination scores. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_character... Or am I missing something. This is the field of meta-cognition in cognitive psychology I disagree about the songs creep and smells like teen spirit being generic. These were exceptionallu crafted pop songs that expressed heart wrenching emotion. Nothing like the typical pop song at all. BASIC INCOME Being poor is hard. There is no flexibility to be nimble around hardships or mistakes. Its easy to make money if you have money. But try to start a business with no backup funds.or credit line? The first time your vehicle breaks down can put your business in a death cycle. You can't disprove a null, just fail to reject the null. Failing to find the Higgs would not have provided evidence that the Higgs did not exist. As someone who is trying to educate himself on concepts in machine learning, I appreciated the 101 overview on gradient descent optimizations. I love how most of the approaches to these optimizations are relatively straightforward, conceptually, to understand, even if their implementations and rigorous proofs will require more work to get through. The ability to destroy outpaces the ability to create and preserve. Destruction is inevitable. When the ability of the rogue group or individual can slaughter millions, pervasive monitoring may be the only path avoiding extinction, without giving up on technological advancement. These are two hypotheses,despite my strong libertarian leanings, that I find difficult to reject. Mass surveillance hasnot been effective yet . yeah, but what about compress, encrypt, compress, encrypt .. compress? :) I dont see any other article on the internets discussing these results In a large part these credit card services offer little innovation, but a whole lot of rentier profiteering. It seems to me maybe time that credit and bank cards become regulated as a public utility. Swipe fees over a nickel are probably exorbitant these days. What a crap article. Moving essay. I've been getting this error from CSV I created in Ubuntu. Glad to have learned what this was about. Firefox has a great feature where after typing a query a menu of search engines appears immediately below. Very convenient and allows me to mix up my searches across the search engines very nicely and easily. Yahoo got bilked by Mozilla..and probably the best thing Yahoo ever accomplished. All those egg eating dinosaurs really had it coming didn't they? I never understood the argument either, but I am no physicist. Start with the table racked (e.g. order) and break. One can easily discern the direction of time as the table goes from order to disorder. I'm a post-doc still waiting to earn enough to just pay my way. Keeping up with my peers just means manage to keep my apartment. "Paul argues that the right name for what many are calling “Universal Basic Income” should be “the citizen’s dividend.” This concept traces back to ancient Athens, and in America to the writings of Thomas Paine. In Paine’s conception, the dividend was based on shared ownership of natural resources — and this is just what we’ve already seen done in a country like Norway, in Alaska, and in a notable experiment during the 1970s, in a small town in Manitoba." I often describe basic income to my friends here in America as a National Inheritance earned by our forefathers for building a great and rich nation. This is to help people realize that this isn't charity..It the dividends from the stock of being an American. By chance yes. But the frequency of events of order to disorder is less than order to disorder, because ultimately, the universe tends towards entropy. Yes there is risk...but so much investment is made by those that can afford to risk it..that is the risk of losing the investment is not losing your home and car or being thrown to the street. If risk is defined by surplus money alone then yes, investors take risks, but if you define risk as the chance of losing your livelihood and basic needs? Typing on a keyboard entails more risk. When the poor takes an investment risk of $1000 they risk more than some elite putting up $1000. You are arbitrarily limiting the scope of risk to a unit of account without regard to what those units of account do or do not afford one in the world. That is too limited a definition to be useful IRL. In truth my original comment was to point out that the holding money comment was misunderstood to mean keeping money under a pillow when I took it as it takes money to make money, and those that have money risk little in terms of their physical welfare. Until the constitutional right to communicate unintelligibly is declared invalid, encryption will remain constitutional. [snarky comment about opposing political party placed here.] Imagine the singularity and you can see that new jobs will not always pop up. absurdum ah the rentier economy. Sure this is about pacemakers, but cant we say something similar about the rest of our body? So renter forgot to check if the renter had been verified and had a valid credit card on file, blames airbnb for not making it even more obvious than it already is how to check verification of a potential renter. OK. Yes and no. A regular renter is better UNLESS the owner wants to use the property when desired, or as in the present story, or the property will be vacant for a short amount if time. dysonspheres are cool, real cool, but how does the dyson sphere wikipedia page get to the front page of hacker news? isnt a dyson ring good enough? http://extension.psu.edu/natural-resources/wildlife/landscap... Replace lawns with plants and trees found in your local ecosystem. Gives them a home. In the central valley.of California, that means oak trees, and drought tolerant plants. humans mime my deep algorithms but my magnetism they fail to achieve as I play with some killer rhyme densi-tay. by your AI rap overlord Seriously, I misread the title as "Traits of a(n) ancient programmer" My first thought was "proficient" and the correct answer to the original title is 'ancient.' Subjective ratings often predict reality quite well. I bet the smaller countries tend to have lower test-retest intra-class correlations, olympics to olympics. This. Prosecutorial Discretion + Opticon State = Totalitarianism This ain't your Daddy's 'The Wire' IRL. Post-hoc power assessments? c'mon e.g. Hoenig & Heisey (2001) provide evidence that several different approaches for calculating post-hoc power are flawed and can produce misleading conclusions. Once a confidence interval has been computed, there is no additional information that a post hoc power calculation can provide. Nevertheless cog neuroscience has had a bad habit of using small samples, sample sizes that developmental cognitive neuroscientists have criticized. I dont think it is hard for outsiders to get in. I am exactly one such outsider. It is true that being in a good lab helps a career, but these are nepotistic organizations. Join one as an undergrad to get experience then apply to one as a grad student or a paid research specialist. Ive seen that 100 more times than family members of colleagues. post hoc power calculations are inappropriate as they merely restate the p-value in a different form. No new information is gained. Reads like a big PR release for a budding industry....but since I am a huge fan of space exploration... I'm totally cool with it. Space-based mining may solve dwindling availability of rare elements useful in industrial processes made profitable by realized cost reductions in space travel. "This is only the beginning. The same ceremony will be repeated at the secondary master key facility in early 2017 before being used in anger for the first time at a third get together in Q2." ??? The smiling oppressed sex slave may indeed be happier than the frowning oppressed sex slave, but the frowning self empowered wealthy woman is likely happer than either the smiling or frowning opressed sex slave...on average. Down vote is interesting. I was using an example to illustrate the fallacy of the grandparent's argument, and apparently the choice of 'sex slave' as an example of a bad situation someone might find themselves in left a bad taste. Maybe, however the point was that just because someone might be miserable in a bad job that requires forced smiles doesnt mean that the forced smile doesnt have a positive effect, just a smaller effect than the o e associated with having a bad job. ah. That was quite unintentional. I was using extremes to make a point, not to associate the two separate examples. However I can see how some might arrive to that inadverent conclusion. I love how you are led to believe that he is moving the 1 person from the left to the right track in order to safely drive the train left. lol fewer, not less To a certain extent I disagree. As long as you have to pay your taxes in the sovereign's currency, and failure to pay those taxes has real consequences, there will be demand for that currency... I agree. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had major structural/sytemic issues limiting production capacity relative to demand. Currency creation is only a problem relative to the capacity to produce. Most historical cases of hyperinflation had roots in limitited.production capacity from externalities e.g. war. I think public confidence is not as important as the denomination inwhich taxes must be payed...and inflation was happening because they had limited domestic production capacity and could not afford to buy foreign goods. a rocket explodes and suddenly everyone turns on the golden boy. in other words, journalists just making noise. No. It is not that rocket exploding is not a set back. Of course it is. BUT, it is not a set back of the magnitude the press wants it be. This is inherent to the rocket business, especially when those rockets are new technology. You are too dismissive. It seems that one can conceptualize natural selection in terms of a multidimensional fitness function that modulates over each iteration. Then one might ask whether, given our current understanding of processes of inheritance, the complexity we observe could have evolved by those processes given the age of the earth. If not, then our understanding of evolution is either incomplete, or our evolution was 'helped along' by an intelligence, which btw is not an appeal to supernatural intelligence, but alien intelligence. Naturally these last are unlikely, but that is not the point. The point is that the question is legitimate. It may be that the information density of inheritance is much higher than assumed, both inheritable dna and epigenetic factors. I am no expert in genetics, but sometimes when I hear about rapid evolution during epochs of high stress, e.g. changes in climate, I wonder whether this rapid evolution is enabled by conservation of past genetic solutions that are currently dormant..—solutions that get switched on (i.e. expressed) in epochs of high stress/strong selection pressures.. It seems that if it is possible to preserve past evolutionary solutions which can get switched on and off, this would increase fitness of a lineage by enabling faster adaption. Instead of waiting for random mutation to do something meaningful and beneficial, allow/encourage mutations to occur in such a way that "uncomments" or "comments" out previously generated code fragments, so to speak. again, i know little of this field,but i love to speculate. But not eating is even less suffering. that is one hell of a dilemma. indeed my ignorance is such that my intuition could easily be known already or falsified already by the literature and would not know it. While ycombinator tends to be inhabited by professional and intelligent men and women, they hail from a number of different disciplines and backgrounds. That is to say, Hacker News is not an antibiotics specialist blog/forum, and people would like to converse and learn from others more broadly than you are demanding. perhaps. Exactly, and I'd be silly not to expect other countries to do the same to the U.S. I do not grok a good reason for Leprosy to be renamed to Hansen's disease. Leprosy is an ancient name for this disease. they will try and try and try until the people blink...and it takes just one blink. meh. These are not new ideas, and probably seem rather obvious to those who think about evolution and fitness functions. I suppose however, there is some good in making this point more salient to cognitive science theoriticians however. and why was that worth -2 moderation? I AM a cognitive neuroscientist; I certainly am not denegrating them. Cognitive scientists are used to contrasting percepts with objective reality, hence all the facinating illusions they love to demonstrate. Evolutionary theorists are used to counterintuitive ideas that result from putting fitness functions at the forefront. I would not have thought that putting the two together is a new idea. To be specific, I was not conplaining about the article. It is an interesting subject. I was providing context for those reading the popularized article which tends to oversell these things. but whatevs prick. im sure its all about 40 year olds not wanting to work 70+ hour weeks all the time. Nice write-up...gave me some ideas, although I am still new to my raspberry pie. Perhaps I missed it but one large advantage of badic income is 1: not means tested—losing benefits because you found a better job is a huge problem with current systems. I know from first hand experience as I went through school. 2: Universal and free market oriented. You are not told how to spend that income and you can then use it to support small business/entrepreneurial endeavors. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Given the nature of fiat currencies, taxes are irrelevant except as a means to control inflation by removing excess circulating currency. Moreover, a certain quantity of currency in circulation leads to inflation only relative to a given capacity to produce goods and services. Given that our economic system sees only very limited inflation, and can quickly ramp up production further, your arguments seem mostly strawmen. Well many do not recognize that taxes are a mechanism for controlling inflation, so this point was not targeted at you, obviously. I suppose that my previous comment's wording could be construed as assuming we couldexist in a post-scarcity economy. That was not intentional. However, universal basic income does not require a post-scarcity framework to be workable, and the claim that universal basic income will cause inflation to 'spiral out of control' is left unsupported. Money is currently created out of nothing through the banking system, and the FED controls inflation just fine through various mechanisms e.g. setting interest rates. Basic income proposals can have similar inflation controlling mechanisms e.g. tie payouts to inflation rate or changes in tax rate. In any case inflatuon caused by basic income could be offset by increasing the fed interest rate which is currently near zero. Means testing is how you would LOSE political support. There has not been UBI so history tells you little. By supplement the market you mean demo of what exactly? From title thought this was an article about Trump. don't down vote me. I finally got to 100 :) update: comment referred to original title, not current. a down vote for a question? Classy. I do know what a demo is. But the submission had no information. Is it a demo of the capabilities of the Rasberry pie? A demonstration of someone's ability to write electronica on a rasberry pie? To be fair to yourself, kids often disappoint their parents, but this is more on the parents. An anecdote: My dad was driven nuts by how much time I wasted as a kid and teen on gaming, and how it seemed that I had few productive interests,never built anything, and stopped projects as soon as I got bored.. He wanted me to be obsessed with something, but few teens are obsessed with anything but not being lonely, social interactions more generally, and just following a random walk exploration. Dad never won those fights to make me serious then. But you know what? As an adult, I am quite different. I am now a post doctoral fellow conducting cutting edge neuroscience, having completed numberous complex, long-term research programmes that have required obsession, grit, and a determination to perfect his craft. If your kids can avoid the usual pitfalls (e.g. a serious drug addiction) Im sure all your efforts will come into fruition when they are ready to committ themselves. Today I buy my son Rasberry Pie's, laptops with GameMaker installed, etc hoping he too will find an obsessio. But he too resists i.e. stops as soon as he is bored. C'est la vie