That's a fair comment. I must admit that it's specifically Kevin Rose who uses that term a lot. John. 28. John. I agree with PG on this. I'm trying to fix this problem with Wildfire: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. I know of at least one company that uses this as a way to determine the growth of their competitors. They simple poll weekly and understand growth and the trend over time. John. An insight into how billionaires think in NYC comes from Mayor Bloomberg who takes the subway to work. That's way cheaper than parking in Manhattan. John. Interesting. Reminds me of something I set up a while ago: http://imlonely.org/ John. Perhaps someone is finally doing a POPFile ( http://getpopfile.org/ ) as an Outlook plug-in. John. The entire up vote/down vote thing needs to go away. Voting on a story should be related to an action that the user is taking which implies an up/down vote. For example, in my Facebook application Wildfire stories are up voted only if you pass then on to your friends. As you mentioned to me yesterday, delicious/popular is interesting because it's based on pages people bookmarked for themselves. John. It sure seems like it. Of course the right thing to do is actually implement Digg inside Facebook... like this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html John. Is that you, Kevin Rose? John. 39 + BA Mathematics and Computation + DPhil in Computer Security Well I can add my little web site UseTheSource to the list of dead ideas. It's "Digg" but just for code. www.usethesource.com. John. I agree. I was amazed that she mentioned using version control. Anyone here not using version control? John. I do use email as my TODO list, but I publish the length of the queue for all to see. Makes me deal with stuff just knowing that anyone could be looking. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... John. cmdrtaco does have a point. These community news sites are great when the community reflects your views, but once the community grows they stake to not reflect your views. One way to correct this is to only get news from a group that is similar to you (for some definition of 'similar'). One attempt to do this is my Wildfire application for Facebook which shows you news from your friends. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. Thanks for the feedback. I'll look into implementing those changes. I'm not sure why I chose that particular checksum... it's been a while since I wrote this. John. Having worked for a top-line VC firm and sat through _a lot_ of presentations I agree with the article. Standing to present feels weird. The general atmosphere in a VC meeting is that everyone around the table is having a discussion, the slides are there to facilitate the discussion. John. I love Trac. I use it for a commercial project of mine ( http://www.extravalent.com/ ) and I use the Wiki to provide the documentation to my end users, I use the bug database and I use the SVN integration. John. I use Clickatell and like the service. At 250k messages you're getting a 23% discount. At today's prices 250k messages will cost $12,000. John. Care to share the pricing of mBlox (privately if necessary). I'm currently paying Clickatell about 0.06 per message. John. Back in the mists of time I wrote code in BASIC and assembly for the Research Machines 380Z/480Z computers. When they came out with their Z-NET network I reverse engineered (with a friend) the packet send/receive APIs and we built on top of it a reliable transport protocol that would enable us to guarantee delivery of about 128 bytes of data to a machine on the network. The entire code was stuffed into an unused block of data within the operating system and when a packet was received the receiving code would get an interrupt and would promptly CALL the code in the packet. We were able to reliably deliver 128 bytes of machine code and have it execute on any machine. This turned out to be very cool because it enabled us to build a complete package for network management and monitoring (we could do stuff like mirror the screen on any machine to another one). John. First computer I used was a Sharp MZ-80K. First computer I owned was a BBC Micro Model B. John. I often do work on an hourly basis. Suppose I charge $500/hour and write a function in one hour that a less skilled programmer charging half my rate does in four hours. Guess who gets paid the most. John. The iPhone comparisons make me laugh since the N810 is not a phone! John. SV is very expensive. I think London is a perfectly good place. John. Speaking as a resident of France, the fact that he was a French civil servant was not lost of me :-) John. That is related because as I was debugging my scripts I figured I'd use the Microsoft Script Debugger. Big freakin' mistake. The debugger crashed and took IE with it. I use OS X most of the time and Linux most of the rest of the time. Every time I go back to Windows to do something Microsoft finds a way of kicking me in the teeth. John. Thanks. I'll do that. John. This was a pretty heavy prototype/scriptaculous based application. I'm pretty familiar with the YUI stuff, but have never used jQuery. How does it compare to prototype? John. Me too. Trac is nice if you are using Subversion. John. Implement tags and filter by tag. John. The nice thing is that tags are folders and so you can use POPFile ( http://popfile.sf.net/ ) to do automatic tagging. John. My experience is that you should _plan_ as if you have 40 hours a week per developer because you are going to be wrong and end up needing more time than you expect. The work after 40 hours is just keeping you on schedule. John. Yes, but that $1B is only calculated using the special Facebook RDF. John. The use of the color distance measure turns out to be important in spam filtering because of the 'Camouflage' trick used by some spammers where similar, but not identical colors are used to mask chunks of 'good' text inserted to try to fool spam filters. From http://www.jgc.org/tsc/ Camouflage (GWI!Camouflage!HTML) What: Like Invisible Ink, but instead of using identical colors (e.g. white on white) use very similar colors. Date added: June 2, 2003 Example from the wild: The colors 1133333, 123939, and 423939 are chosen to be very similar without being the same) those rearing lands Plasticine sex-cartoons. eel harness highest Absolutely new category of adu1t sites. nobody jets held Northumbria- diamond sleep Seems like the sort of thing that could take off on Facebook. My Wildfire app is 'similar' in that it uses the social graph to spread news http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=2399397752 John. Just adding tagging plus tag filtering would do a lot. John. OK, but the disadvantage (that everyone gets all content) is a pretty big one. That means that Joe User gets the admin page sent to them hidden using CSS. If you want to cache individual pages for users then you can do that with a standard cache mechanism (e.g. memcached) and just expire the cache when you decide an update is necessary. John. It would be cool if he system looked at what links I clicked on and then didn't vote up. That could be used to get an idea of what I didn't get excited about; perhaps that would could as a fractional vote down. John. I made the following comment over at reddit on this story; thought it might be of interest here: As part of building the test suite for the POPFile project I built my code code coverage module that produced colored files (one per source file) indicating which lines had been exercised by the test suite and which had not. Each line is colored green if the test suite executed it, red if not. Lines are numbered. An example of this can be found here: http://popfile.sourceforge.net/Module.html The code that does this is part of the POPFile project under the GPL. John. I have no idea what my wife's cell phone number is; I entered it in mu cell phone once and I just think of her as 2# :-) John. No one else took you up on this, but my mother is definitely curvy. John. OK, now I know why no one else replied. I feel weird about talking about my mother that way. Agreed. I'm currently working 50%. I work every other week on a consulting job that pays the bills for an entire month for me and my family. The other 50% it's my time (and some extra time with the little ones). John. Sure. I'm doing two types of work mainly: software development and management consulting. On the software development side of things I've been doing work on the backend of web sites (the most well know is http://www.signal-spam.fr/ ). On the management consulting side I'm helping a start-up that's growing rapidly to put in place some appropriate processes in engineering so that they don't explode :-) I arrange my schedule like that by telling clients that I'm not available at certain times (the times I want for myself), using the white lie that I'm busy with a different client (which just happens to be me). So far, two years now, I've managed to juggle that and bring in enough money. But there's been some standard of living decline as purchases for expensive items (say that new video camera I'm ogling) have been delayed. John. On the 'two chicks' thing, there's no need to be a billionaire for that. There are plenty of countries where prostitution is legal and you could do two chicks. John. Thanks. I told the right person about it. John. Seems like a reasonable goal to me. I already know that a number of people use POPFile to do things like sort "interesting" from "uninteresting" messages (e.g. one journalist uses POPFile to automatically filter out press releases that don't interest him). However, one issue with comments is that they can be short leaving not a lot of text to work with. John. I don't remember exactly how many hours I worked on http://l8tr.org/ , but it wasn't more than a day. Now l8tr gets constant use, but I'd hardly call it a start-up. Tagmindr sounds similar, a useful little thing that happens to be on the web. John. And that coming from a guy whose name is 'merkin' :-) This doesn't surprise me. I'm in a different part of Europe that's getting the iPhone in a few days, and I won't be rushing out to buy it. Sure, it looks like a nice piece of kit, but if I'm going to upgrade from my RAZR... 1. 3G please. Since the iPhone is expensive I expect it to be able to act as a decent modem for my MacBook Pro when I'm on the road. EDGE has a theoretical top speed of 200Kbps, but is more like 90Kbps in practice. Whereas I can go out and get a 3G+ (up to 36Mbps) modem for my computer for 9 EUR plus a contract. 2. Poor camera at price point. The Nokia N95 is similarly priced but has a much better camera (5 megapixel with a Zeiss lens and a flash). 3. While we're on the topic of the similarly priced N95 it also has GPS and is 3G+ and EDGE so satisfies point #1. And it has WiFi. The N95 probably loses on the screen and the "Apple experience" of very well integrated applications. Also, it's kind of ugly. 4. Non-interchangeable battery. This is a big deal for anyone like me who travels a lot. So the iPhone looks expensive, nicely packaged, but not compelling. I'll wait for v2. John. So what's the technology behind this? John. I agree, although there's nothing wrong with using 'comment length' as an input to some learning system. In POPFile we use quite a lot of 'meta' information about email including length to make a decision. John. I agree on the Mitchell book. If you are looking for a light introduction to naive Bayesian text classification then there's always the piece I wrote for DDJ: http://www.ddj.com/development-tools/184406064 John. So the way I currently have it the man-in-the-middle is useless because once a client connects to the SSH server all other IP addresses are locked out from that port. I agree about congestion, but IIRC the TCP connection timeout defaults to 75s so since I'm tolerant to connections across two windows (i.e. two minutes) then I think I'm safe. John. Agreed. A hash could be a good CPRNG, but if I want to claim randomness I probably should use a cipher with an incrementing input. John. It's a way of deflecting a brute force attack on my SSH server. I think it makes things more, not less, secure, but I'm certainly open to comments. John. I only need sync. to the nearest minute. NTP does that fine for me. John. I share the concern about security through obscurity. But this isn't intended to be obscure (it's not like I change the port to 12222 and hope no one finds it). It's a technique like port knocking which relies on the algorithm being totally open but the underlying hash being unpredictable. All the security here comes from the passphrase + hashing combination which is designed to make the actual port difficult to determine. John I plan to open source it once I get it a little cleaned up :-) It's on my TODO list. John. The thing about Xobni is that as much as I like it (having been doing interesting things with email for a very long time) and I think they are right to focus on Outlook (since it sux0r), I can't help thinking that Xobni is a _feature_ and not a company. Perhaps the Xobni guys can talk about what makes them think that it's a stand alone company? Perhaps the answer is that they don't, perhaps they just hope Microsoft will buy them. John. I agree. This is one of the reasons that I use my real name and link to my site in my profile. I own my comments. Perhaps you could publish qwertyy's IP address. John. I don't want people to go out and lynch him, but this is not a case where anonymity is important. If that person is willing to post a question like this, they should at least be willing to be identified. John. web.py is on my list to consider. It's lightness and simplicity is really attractive. One thing that bothers me in a lot of frameworks is the object wrapping of the database. I can't see much justification for this, it just seems to be adding a layer of complexity on top of a very clearly designed model. How much easier is it to use an object abstraction when you could just do SQL directly? John. I realize that online anonymity is an important issue for many people, but I don't believe that it's a fundamental right. Forums like this one are public and I think that anonymity is a mistake because it allows trolling and a general falling away of normal behaviours that would be present if people were identified. Now, I'm not saying that people don't have a right to privacy. You'll note that I don't talk about private issues on my blog (such as my family) and I think those are irrelevant to my interaction in a forum like this. But I'm much happier when people identify themselves so that I can follow them over time. There are good arguments for being able to be anonymous on the net (for example in the case of human rights abuses in countries it may be useful to be able to transmit information anonymously; or if we implement voting on the net). I don't think those arguments apply in a public discussion forum like this. Of course, I'm probably an outlier on this, I'd expect a group of engineers to be fairly pro-anonymity. John. That's general good advice, and usually I try to match a project with a technology I want to learn and go code. It's the best way. In this case I'm trying to figure out do I learn python and use a python framework, learn ruby and use RoR, decide to use a PHP framework, just code the entire thing in Perl, ... John. It's interesting that you mention Django. Of all the frameworks it's the one I most liked as I was investigating for one major reason: the community around Django seemed welcoming and open to ideas. This was very much in contrast to the RoR community which seemed to have a "we know better than you" attitude. John. I agree so this person hides behind anonymity so that he can throw out an insult. He could have posed his question in a much less aggressive manner and have posted non-anonymously. And I don't agree that a post like that could really hurt your career. It's nonsense to think that being an asshole is going to ruin your career. There are plenty of total dicks out there (not saying that the original poster is one) who are successful. What matters is not that you are Web 2.0 and buddy-buddy with someone who's got a high profile blog, what matters is that you make a decent product. John. Despite the tone of your message you are the first person to actually give me a good reason not to sign my messages. Here and on Reddit people have objected to me signing my messages (which is odd because for _years_ I signed like that on /. without a peep) without any real justification. Your argument that I'm wasting vertical space makes a lot of sense, especially given the clean look of reddit/news.yc compared with /. From now on I'll stop signing. "tech strife" There's a distinction between me signing messages and me not being anonymous. My lack of anonymity is guaranteed by the user name I chose plus the fact that my profile links back to my personal web site. Signing messages was unrelated to anonymity, it's a years old habit that I started on Usenet and continued in online forums like this one. I don't claim that signing messages is part of the ideology I was talking about above. If I did I wouldn't have stopped. It amuses me that you choose to describe it as a 'personality defect' from behind an anonymous account here. If we were standing face to face would you describe me signing messages in that way? According to the web site if you want to do this you need to call Mr Salaou (72 29 98) or email him: salaou@intnet.ne. From the other information on the site I get the feeling that the answer is going to be 'no'. That seems like a silly decision to me. Unless you can be sure that your target market is Firefox/Safari then I think you could be cutting yourself off from a big customer base. Personally, I use Firefox on my Mac, but there are _lots_ of people out there that are still using IE, and will probably "still" be using IE for a long time because they are on Windows. Secondly, I was surprised to see that you _force_ people to use OpenID to authenticate with your web site. It's a pity there isn't a classic login/password solution since you force me to go get an OpenID (I don't have one yet), and since I'm a nerd you are delaying me using your site because I need to investigate this whole OpenID thing. 7 years of sitting on my Aeron has shown that it was a great investment. One nice way to do this on a Mac is to leave the Guest account available. Even though the user cannot get into your account because of your uber-strong password and FileVault encryption, they can go into the Guest account and surf the web (and activate your LoJack). What's the deal with the second chart showing the search term 'Classmates' vs a bunch of computer related terms. Surely nothing can be determined from that chart given that classmate means something to non-nerds. Time for a little 'Hotel California' It's almost a prerequisite to getting funding that you are smart enough to figure out how to get a referral into a VC firm. Better yet. Park the car and _walk_ down University Avenue. You reminded me of a great little book published a long time ago which is still very relevant: "The Ugly American"( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ugly_American ). A recent really good read was Le Carre's "The Mission Song" Oh, no. I should never have read that, now I've got the damn Art Garfunkel theme song stuck in my head ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bright_Eyes_%28Art_Garfunkel_so... ). Curse be upon you :-) Don't 'target acquisition' what you should be targeting is making a profitable product. Make your customers happy, make money, then figure out the 'exit strategy'. When I worked for Accel I would have been very uncomfortable with an entrepreneur that presented an exit strategy. Yes, acquisition may be the end result, but don't make it your end goal. Start with the assumption that you can get lots of users. If you can then listen to those customers very, very carefully. You will discover some additional value that you can bring by adding specific features; charge extra for those features. It's OK to have lots of free users, it's also OK to say that you are not sure about the revenue, but I'd be on the lookout for an opportunity to charge a customer to extra value that your product is bringing. I used to sit through presentation after presentation every day and they all had revenue estimates. No one in the room believed those estimates, not the entrepreneur and certainly not the VC. It's important to have them because they indicate that you've tried to think about how you are going to make money. Also, no one manages to actually make those estimates either because there's always something that goes wrong, or better, or sideways. So, think about how you are going to make money, make a revenue plan (and an expense plan). Present the plan you have, but don't be ashamed if you don't make it. It's worth asking yourself about Twitter. Why would you fund Twitter? Well, you might look at the enormous traction they have, and if you think the team is smart then you'd say to yourself "Here's a team with lots of 'customers' and the smarts to figure out how to monetize them". I can summarize it like this: 1. I had no other choice. After years of working for people I just needed a break. 2. It's harder than it looks... my income is totally variable. 3. It's the best thing I ever did. I get to choose what I work on (to a certain extent). I'm actually thinking of going back full time, but that's only because a start up is enticing me with an interesting combination of good team, interesting problem, and stock. We'll see. John hired me as VP of Engineering at Scriptics and then he and I founded Electric Cloud together. I like the 7 point scale because there is a definite ambivalent option. In practice most people have a definite opinion and 4 is not often used. If you need Linux on your MBP then you can do as I do... Leopard is the main OS and I run Win2K and Ubuntu using VMWare. 1. Your constructor has its entire contents commented out. 2. You should remove the $i in the function multitask(). You don't need it because the foreach is storing $arrayofupto5tasks[$i] in $value. function multitask($arrayofupto5tasks){ //I can easily manage 3-5 small tasks $i = 0; foreach ($arrayofupto5tasks as $value){ $query->storeIntoDB($value); $execute->task($arrayofupto5tasks[$i]); $i++ } } 3. It's disappointing that your showDemo() function has a hard coded number 2 in it ($site = rand(0,2);) since you could get that from the array length. And also the header() bit has an extra ' in it. 4. Your learn() function returns false in one case and doesn't return anything in others. Me. I'm currently using FogBugz at a company where I'm consulting. We haven't been using it for long, but it's nice enough. (In the past I've used Jira, Trac, Bugzilla). Overall favorite is Trac. I already inaugurated Vent YC! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=70475 fogbugz can do this. 1. I wondered if that might be the case. 2. I don't understand this explanation, is $value destroyed by the call to storeIntoDB? At the very least your $i++ needs a terminating ; You should probably mention the tool you are using for this: RRDTool. It's the same tool I use to track the number of items in my email inbox ( http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... ) which I publish on my web site. I've used RRDTool many other places, and it's immensely useful: http://oss.oetiker.ch/rrdtool/ The actual article can be found here: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/12/transitive-decay-in-social-n... I'm pretty happy using a bug database for this. We're using FogBugz which is capable of remembering tasks, who they are assigned to and when we expect them to be finished. This post makes the mistake of assuming that reddit and similar sites actually implement "wisdom of crowds". They don't. They don't because you get to see the 'most popular' answers and choose from those to vote on, if you really wanted WoC to work you'd need to present people random stories to vote on. (This is part of what I attempted to do in my http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html ">Wildfire Facebook application). He also proposes Bayesian filtering as a suitable technique for presenting the recommended page. Despite that fact that I'm a Bayesian-head (see http://getpopfile.org/ ">POPFile for example) I don't think that's a total solution. You can do ML for news (it's an old idea, see the 20 newsgroups test set for example) and I have a private 'reddit' which I use as a feed reader that does ML. But I think if you want to solve the 'reddit problem' you actually need to give people the chance to control the 'crowd' that they are getting recommendations from. I'd like to see (actually, I am building) an application that's reddit-like, but uses a combination of ML and social aspects to get a better view of interesting stories. Some of this I wrote about http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... ">here . Stories like this make me want a Bury button. It's missing a favorite of mine from An Evening (Wasted) with Tom Lehrer: "I thought I would acquaint you with some of the results of my recent researches into the career of the late Doctor Samuel Gall (...) He soon became a specialist, specializing in diseases of the rich. He was therefore able to retire at an early age..." Is your next start up curing a disease of the rich? That sounds like a quote from The Secret. Magic toolbar rearrangement is a world of pain. That's like having my SO notice that I always look for my keys before I go out the door so she moves them to the table near the front door, when I habitually put them in the vide poche near by desk. +1 Insightful The Microsoft personal assistant example is just cracking me up. Firstly, Microsoft has been selling the whole 'automated assistant' thing to us for YEARS. Clippy is just one hideous example. Secondly, automated inbox processing has been around for _years_. My POPFile open source program is now over 5 years old and there are older examples than that (I was doing automated emailing sorting in the late 90s and others before me). So multi-core machines are what's holding this back? What a joke. Thirdly, it mentions features (looking at who I correspond with) that are already available (see Xobni and others). And automatic response systems are also around to deal with customer service. Sorry, for the rant put two pages of fluff about multi-core processors with some freak out speculation about email processing that's been available for a long time. How about talking about something interesting, like parallel aware languages (Occam, erlang, ...)?