Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang The few people I know who have spent time in Amsterdam also had the same comment. To the point that it was a running joke. Yes. In the last decade or so, the Virginia DMV has been painless for typical tasks. Most common tasks can be performed online - registration, license renewal, even obtaining titles after paying off loans (assuming the dealer/bank held the title electronically). The few times I've had to show up in person, I've been in and out in 30 minutes or less. Question... How do YOU choose the wines you buy? I enjoy a good wine, but never bothered refining my taste for regions, pairings, etc. Instead, I found a good, local wine shop. When I need a bottle, I just ask for what I want... "something to go with a duck dinner", "something to drink on a hot, summer night", etc. So far, they haven't let me down. I probably average $20/bottle - certainly more than strictly necessary for a good bottle - but I figure it's almost guaranteed I'll enjoy the bottle, and it's going to a local, family business, so I'm ok with that. I'll give the benefit of the doubt, and assume "low cost labor" is something close to "first year employee wages". And, not every smart kid is cut out for starting a business. I wasn't. Too risk averse. I like to build software, I'm pretty good at it, but much prefer the comfort of a salary. No comment on banking interns, but I occasionally mentor developer interns. We always have real work for them to do. Usually prototyping something using a new technology that we're considering. Or, prototyping a new product that hasn't been resourced yet. They work a normal work week. 40-45 hours/week. No clue what we pay them, but they are paid and provided housing. We usually hire a few of them full-time when they finish school and they're generally very successful employees. I assume they have a good time. They're 20-21 years old; I hope they do. Stressing at a desk sounds like a pretty lame way to spend your 20s. "Noting also that this played out over many years." Not so. The article states the liens can be sold after a year and foreclosure initiated after an additional 6 months. In several of the cases listed, the original home owner was in hospice care or otherwise unavailable. I don't disagree that the city needs a way to recoup unpaid taxes. But, there has to be a better way than this. Yes, which is why we have the large number of new for-profit institutions. Many of these new for-profits deliver degrees that aren't the paper used to print them because delivery a quality education isn't easy. Yes, very common, at least in the wealthier regions. Many kids have a car available as soon as they can legally drive. That said, I've noticed a trend among my son's peers. Many of them delayed driving until they left for college. Not sure why. When I was that age, everybody skipped school on their 16th birthday to go take the driving test. Correct, it does already exist and it's even more diverse than you indicate. Community colleges (2-year), state colleges, private colleges, state universities, and private universities. All on a continuum, with a fair bit of overlap between categories. I'm sure everybody that attended a top school has a story about the rich flunky down the hall, but it's still the exception, not the rule. This is close to my current office environment. I have a typical cube, located in a typical cube farm, if I want some relative peace and quiet. And the team has a dedicated "lab" where I spend most of my day. It's not a totally open-plan area - just a conference room. Never more than 6-7 developers, of whom 4 are on my team, and the rest are transients from other teams working on related projects. I prefer the lab and only head down to the cube if I need to take client calls. Several of the developers prefer the cubes and spend most of their day there, only coming to the lab for a few hours/day. Not really. While I'm sure you could grab the brakes hard enough to launch yourself over the bars, there is a LOT of braking power to be had before that point. I ride close to 6000 miles/year, most road cycling, racing criteriums and road races. Going over the bars because I simply grabbed the front too hard isn't even the top-20 things I worry about. How many islands (or what % of total land mass) does a nation need to be considered an archipelagic state? You go to the theater for the "unique" concessions? I guess stale nachos and overpriced M&Ms are "unique", but I'd debate if they're a reason to go to the movies. :) Strava does allow users to flag segments as dangerous. I've flagged quite a few on a local multi-use "bike" trail - there are just too many pedestrians, joggers, and horses to try and chase the clock. Being fast on a cross-country trail is about conservation of speed, not just going fast on the downhill segments. Several of the fastest mountain bikers I know grew up racing motocross and bmx. The speed they carry through corners if amazing. The ten years included several startups. And while it appears all eventually failed or were put in the back-burner, he did raise $2 million in angel funding along the way. So, at least in regards to keeping himself housed and fed, I guess it was successful. Downhill racing helment? Motorcycle helmet? Neither of which you'd normally wear on a road bike. In my county (suburban DC), it was roughly (I briefly considered moving into teaching in the early 2000s): - degree in related subject, typically math (CS is/was part of the math department in the county) - master's degree in education, or some other combination of post-graduate work that qualifies for a teaching certificate. My degree in Economics, with a minor in CS, didn't come close to qualifying me to teach CS in high school. Not that it should have by default. But, it does make me wonder where Chicago will find CS teachers. If they have to come from the ranks of those already qualified to teach math, that's not a very large pool. The article explains it all. The rules only apply to those enrolled in the ASAP program. Non-ASAP students get the standard CC experience, come and go, part-time, etc. The ASAP program forces those students into a more rigorous program in order to get them graduated. I don't see a problem with that - there is obviously a set of students that need the structure in order to excel. And it appears to be working. So, what's your gripe ("bullshit rules")? I agree with the principle. However, you are ignoring the financial implications. CCs need tuition payments to survive. Very few, if any, have large endowments. Student's who aren't on track to graduate can't always obtain financial aid or subsidized/deferred-payment loans. And even though CCs tend to be more affordable than 4-year schools, they still aren't inexpensive to the majority of the population. So, graduation rates become a major part of ensuring financial viability. That. Or, people buy Chromebooks, realize they're no better than the [tablet|"real" laptop|PC] they already own, and don't use them much? Most traditional 4-year students wouldn't be counted in your area. Their permanent residences are likely with the parents. Easy example... in the US, a policeman's word is often enough to cite you for breaking a traffic law. In Scotland, you would need two policemen, or one policeman and a camera, or some other combination of >1 sources of evidence. Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. Would it be normal for a minority owner of a start-up to be able to legally force the majority to buy them out? I wouldn't have thought so. The 30% owner could have sat on the shares and waited to see what happened. They were effectively free (in the sense that he didn't buy them and was apparently paid a reasonable salary as well). Maybe. Members of the US military generally enjoy the same rights and protections as civilians, but there are limits on their speech and they are subject to different laws/regulations (UCMJ). Military officers in the US are barred from speaking contemptuous words against the President and VP. (article 88 UCMJ). There is a parallel article that applies to enlisted members. Calling the Pres a "fascist pig" is a no-no. Army regulation 600-20 limits members ability to campaign on behalf of candidates for public office and partisan political causes. I'm not aware of anything like this that applies to civilian government employees. On the way to my bachelor party, my friends snuck a foil-wrapped dildo into my luggage in the hopes of eliciting a TSA response. Thankfully, it didn't work. H&R Block personal software, except for the years I have more unusual situations (AMT, non-qualifying options, etc), then I hire a CPA. Either they didn't see it, or they did, but didn't care. Either way, we all got a good laugh about it when I unpacked at our destination. "Running a scheme like this involves lots of skills, none of them technical." While I agree that this statement is correct, I would suggest that one skill that is required is the ability to use Google. She really should spend a few hours learning something, anything, about the subject matter she is expected to represent in the corridors of power. She obviously has failed to do that. Really? This is what all the flap is about? This is awful. It's almost impossible to get passed the first set of pipes because the a single click makes the bird jump half the height of the screen. Is the mobile app just as unusable? The one that the creator yanked after it got popular... http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/09/tech/flappy-bird-removed-from-... "I guess [you] don’t care about hard work or loyalty." -- Stretch That's ripe. Pay your employees a low wage, treat them like shit, and then expect loyalty? Gimme a break. Loyalty is a two-way street and I don't see any reciprocation from corporate America (in this case, or in general). The CT200h has been on the market for several years now. It's a nice car. But, it still isn't a Tesla. It is literally a short-wheelbase Prius with a slightly upscale interior. And is priced accordingly (mid-$30k to the Prius' upper-$20k). Lexus also offers the RX SUV in hybrid. Probably one of the most popular vehicles in the DC area. We have the gas version. Very nice. But, not a performance vehicle. Sounds like the criminal offense was breaking and entering. The suspect admitted (to the blogger?) to illegally entering MS facilities to obtain the stolen software. $100/year for subscription. OR $139 one-time for Office Home. Sure sounds expensive to me. I'll stick to the Apple office suite for now. These days, it's not. Originally, it was beneficial to the manufacturers to let franchisees take the risk of opening new storefronts. The franchise laws were put in place to stop manufacturers from undercutting their own franchises once the market was established. Directly cause deaths? Maybe, maybe not, I guess it depends how far into a root cause analysis you go. Regardless, while driving without power steering and brakes is possible when you're expecting it, it's quite a shock when you aren't. Especially if you've never done it before, which I suspect is true for many of today's drivers. I can easily envision circumstances where loss of power could cause an accident. Fast road, sharp corner, surrounded by woods, etc. Can anybody comment on the usefulness of open plan space when there is a wide range of programmer ability? I can see if everybody on the team is a rock star that the benefits of open space could be smaller. But, what if you have a mix of senior engineers and junior developers (who presumably need more active mentoring)? I ask because in my current role, I'm the product architect for a large web application. In addition to the usual design and development tasks, part of this role is bringing new development teams up to speed on technologies they have not used before. I find it much easier to be in a team room with those teams, they get immediate feedback, can ask questions, etc. If I was in an office or cube, I'd have a constant stream of emails from individuals to answer. Yeah, I don't get it. Is this some sort of rent-control problem? Where his parents lived in a rent-controlled apartment and passed it down to him improperly? (I have no idea how rent-control buildings in NYC work, this is the only that makes any sense without details) I'm near DC. I'd guess >95% of the time, you're stuff would be fine while you head to the bathroom or get a refill on the coffee. But, that's still a significant risk, especially once you add hassle factor onto any dollar value. It sounds like it will be tested on the Spearhead cargo platform. I assume as testing progresses, it will end up on other types of ship. Market forces. Just like anything else - supply and demand. Don't think of it in terms of gross dollars. Think of it in terms of standard of living. A skilled engineer is going to have an upper-middle-class standard of living, regardless of location. The difference could be that the US market for smart phones is warped through carrier subsidies. A $600 iPhone only costs a consumer $199 up front (they pay the difference through larger monthly fees). So, at purchase time, an iPhone isn't an expensive phone. But, if you have to replace it off contract, it's very expensive. When it gets stolen, that $200 phone suddenly becomes a $600 phone, which probably leads people to more drastic action, like following criminals to their homes. Not in the US. Not one of my banks or other finance-related websites uses two-factor authentication by default. I haven't looked to see if any offer it as an option, but I tend to doubt it (it certainly isn't advertised). Meh. My last black cab experience was supposed to take me from Paddington Station to the Marriott Marble Arch. The cab dropped me at Marriott Park Lane and sped off before I realized he had left me at the wrong hotel. I'm convinced he did this on purpose. It was rush hour, there was a bomb scare nearby, and I assume he didn't want to sit in traffic. Of course, if he had just explained that to me, I would have been happy to walk the remaining few blocks. Instead, I was just left at the wrong location and a bit confused. So much for "The Knowledge". It's not just oversized carry-ons. There isn't space for every single passenger to bring a full-size (but within stated limits) carry-on plus personal item. And with carriers charging for checked bags, it's worse than it would be otherwise. That said, as an infrequent flyer, I do like you and just wait in the terminal until the end of boarding. No point waiting in the middle of the line - that's the worst of all options. I also make sure my personal carry-on (usually a large laptop bag) has my toothbrush and clean socks, just in case I get stuck checking a bag at the gate. But, given the option to board early without charge, I'd take it. This is my biggest complaint about Apple Maps on iOS. Searching doesn't work. And if I get an address or name partially correct, Apple Maps usually fails. Google can find me places of interest, without an exact name or address. That's my most common use case when using navigation on my mobile device. That 5-6 weeks is well outside he norm in the US. In my experience, to get that much leave, you have to work at the same company for 5+ years. And either be highly-paid white collar OR highly paid union. http://www.psmag.com/navigation/business-economics/the-unite... http://www.bls.gov/news.release/ebs.t05.htm So don't go to a school that charges $60k/year? It never ceases to amaze me that people think they need to attend expensive private schools, when there are plenty of top-notch publicly funded schools available. The yellow line really is amazing from a "user interface" perspective. It's so natural that I had forgotten there was a time when it didn't exist. And, as mentioned elsewhere in the comments, it seems everybody has an old uncle that swears it's just nylon between the down markers (or paint, or something else that isn't "magic"). I've had this discussion with friends and family who teach. None of them can make a convincing (to me) argument that a school administrator is any more likely to be capricious or unfair than managers in the private sector. Then, the friends move onto the whole "how do you evaluate a teacher?" to which I respond "how do you evaluate a programmer?" Sure, there are metrics for both, but none are foolproof. At some point, managers have to go with their guts. I don't think a screen reader would pick up the down-voted comments as different from other comments. So, it's still broken from an accessibility standpoint. Tenure shouldn't be the solution. And I'm not sure how the problem you describe is limited to public schools? If my manager doesn't like me (for whatever reason), he can find a way to have me removed from my job. Nitpick every minor problem, make-work assignments, untenable deadlines, etc. This. I'm not a true introvert, but I am shy (particuarly when encountering new people) and do need social down-time to recharge. I typically don't go out of my way to plan social events. But, when invitations are offered, I almost always accept them. I avoid large bars and clubs, but enjoy going out for a meal or drink with friends at smaller locations where we can sit and socialize. Also, my main hobby is competitive cycling. It works well for the type of interactions I prefer. Training rides can be anything from solo rides in the country to large groups in the city. And when riding in a group, it's perfectly acceptable to ride along in silence. It's almost a perfect sport for introverts. That said, there is a high level of jargon and definitely cliques, so it can be difficult for shy people to get started. For me, it's not that these taxes, in particular, are ridiculous, but that the tax code is so freaking complicated, that I sometimes need a CPA to double-check my records (AMT, odd-ball deductions, etc). And this is for my personal income taxes - it's even worse for business owners. Agreed. And I'm enjoying the other stories that appear higher in the thread. I-495 through the VA side of the DC suburbs uses High-Occupany Toll lanes - demand pricing on top of HOV lanes. If you have passengers, you can use them for free. If you're solo, you pay the toll. They use a switchable EZ Pass transponder to make it work without toll booths at each end. Colloquially, they're referred to as "Lexus Lanes". As far as a I can tell, they haven't done much to reduce congestion on the non-toll lanes. But, if you can afford $12/day (peak rate, round trip) for a 10 mile stretch of interstate, you get to avoid the dirty, unwashed masses who are stuck in the poor lanes. :) And there is research to back this up? One step below burn-out sounds miserable to me. The US lags behind in card payment systems. We usually hand the card over to the wait staff, they carry it away to a remote terminal (and we trust that they don't copy the card while in their possession), then we manually enter a tip after the fact. Next time you're at the gym, grab a 30lb dumbbell in each hand, walk across the gym, set them down, pick them up again, walk back to starting point, repeat for a few hours. Let us know how it goes. How is the charing port not opening a minor issue? Or, the door handles getting stuck. Both of those render the car inoperable. They got lucky in that the door handles were fixed with an OTA update. The port required a service appointment. Compared to my three cars (Lexus RX, Jeep Wrangler, VW GTI), the Model S sounds like a complete dud. Which is a shame because it's a sexy car and I'd love to own one someday. Oh, I've had issues with my cars. The Lexus required a new radio at 40k miles (warrantied). The GTI a new throttle sensor at 40k (warrantied) and SRS sensor at 50k (warrantied). But none of them caused the car to be undriveable. And all happened after several years of driving, not several months. Anyway, as I hinted at above, I'm hopeful Tesla is successful. I wanted a Roadster back in '08. I want an S now. And I'm sure when they release their 3-series competitor, it'll be on the short list to replace the Lexus. Irrelevant. I was calling the previous poster out for his Tesla nut-swinging. Problems that render a new car inoperative are not "minor", loaner car or not. I imagine the front of the terminal is a place where groups of people can typically be found - drop offs, pick ups, waiting for baggage, etc. Also, blowing up the front of the terminal has the potential to shut down airport operations much longer than a remote car park. The Kennedys and Bushes disagree with that assertion. ;) Who thought forcing the image zoom open was a good idea? Blech. Scotland can't create a currency if they desire to join the EU. Current rules don't allow any more UK/Denmark-style currency exemptions. It appears that Scotland's options would be: - retain the Pound Sterling, not sure about EU membership - Euro, with EU membership - new currency, but without EU membership Not only did the Edinburgh Agreement indicate that the UK would honor the results, but the UK government also explicitly granted the Scottish government the right to hold the referendum (constitutional issues would normally be a power reserved by the UK parliament). Correct. Plus, the secret image assumes I actually remember which image I select for every page. Given that none have the same collection of images, I'm likely to have only a vague notion of which one I picked at account creation. They would freak out if the public comments actually mattered. Unless you know otherwise, I'm guessing the FCC doesn't much care what the riff-raff think is a good idea. They're more interested in maintaining relationships with big business and keeping that revolving door spinning. In a perfect world, I'd agree with you. But, in reality, how many Americans have any real choices in ISP/telco? I have a choice of two mega-telcos (Cox and Verizon), neither of which provides good value (when compared to plans in Europe). As for the FCC, the revolving door is very real incentive for regulators to do what existing corporate interests tell them. Why would they care if they're removed from the FCC when they have a corner office waiting on K St? "...you can't purchase and own housing in quantities of 36 square feet..." And in most of the US, you still won't be able to do so. Or, more correctly, you won't be able to place the dumpster-home in a desirable location and use it as a permanent residence. Most municipalities have minimum house sizes as part of their building code. You could potentially put the dumpster-home on wheels and get it approved as a mobile home, but you'd still be limited to areas that allow mobile homes. I understand the counter-points to this, but I'm inclined to agree with drcode. We've seen a stream of "I lived in X" stories lately, most of which include sleeping somewhere, but not really living there - trunk of car, dumpster, etc. Sorry, but in most of the US, indoor plumbing (or something close) is generally considered a requisite for a "home". It's not about saving the wheel, it's about keeping the rider fresh. Mountain biking on rough terrain is hard on the body. Look at elite level races - most of them switch between hard-tail and full-suspension, depending on the terrain. And for those of us who just play at racing, a full-suspension bike can take the edge off a long day of riding. I find packaging to be a very mixed bag, emotionally speaking. While I like the higher-end treatment from Apple and similar companies, I can't help but think of the waste involved in producing that fancy box that I'm just going to throw away in a few days. And Apple doesn't need the fancy packaging to sell to me - I'd but their stuff regardless. I wonder if they could/would consider generic cardboard for online orders, and save the fancy stuff for retail? Assuming you're running in your lane and not weaving, I mean "I am overtaking on your left". Sources for any of that? While some sports (football, men's basketball) are profit centers that can offset the cost of non-revenue sports, that really only applies to the top-tier programs (NCAA Division 1). I've never heard of university sports programs being major sources of revenue for research or courses (outside of possibly sports-related studies). I'm not sure $600,000 even qualifies as a slap on the wrist. Marriott's revenues in 2012 were somewhere around $11 billion. Lots of 2-3 year leases while consumers felt out the product? The Model S was released in mid-2012. So, the timing is right to ramp up the certified program by mid-2015 to catch vehicles that were leased for 3 years. In the DC region, there are TONS of 2-3 year old vehicles for sale as certified, many of them off-lease. 3 of my last 4 vehicles have been bought that way. With the 30-40% discount from new and the 100k mile warranties, it works out pretty well. Meh, somebody has to own ebola.com and birdflu.com. And whoever buys ebola.com for $150,000 is doing it because it's profitable for them. Maybe the manufacturer of ZMapp wants the domain to sell their medications? Why shouldn't Schultz make a profit selling it? How is this any different than a real estate investor? I could buy several acres in Detroit and sit on it for a while, hoping the city rebounds and I can sell for a profit. Does that make me evil too? I realize that's probably said tongue-in-cheek, but I agree with the statement. The problem with patent trolls isn't that they exist. The problem is that patents are being granted for things that are obvious (Do X, but now on a PC!). And, the courts appear to be correcting that problem. 37 years old, studied computer science at university, and have worked in the software industry since graduation. Currently at a mid-size/large, multinational software company. We have a large number of developers with 20+ years experience. You aren't seeing their resumes because they're here and don't have a reason to leave. I've been here 12 years now, and if you can't match the 25 days vacation, 10 sick, 12 holidays, plus bump my salary 10% or more, I won't even call you back. Edit - I'll also note that I'm a project manager by title. I don't have personnel responsibility, so I still get to spend a lot of time on technical issues (and even some coding). I'm not sure that's a totally valid sentiment. For starters, top-notch developers in the US earn salaries that approach CEO-level pay (ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally). Even as a mid-level developer, my salary matched that of experienced project managers in my wife's previous line of work (large insurance company). And CEOs generally lead a very different lifestyle than a good developer. On call 24/7, lots of travel, etc. And it's a different set of skills that many developers lack (schmoozing, sales, dealing with other giant egos). Compare that to my 40-45/hour work week, true vacation (with no work interruptions), and limited exposure to clients/sales/etc (which I find the most stressful part of my job - minimizing that is a good thing for me). Thankfully, I'm not at a bank. My employer build software and licensing is the primary source of revenue. And I haven't written entry-level reports since, well, never. From my post... "ok, maybe not quite, but certainly top-5% salaries nationally" Is there where we get to discuss the gross over-compensation granted to CEOs in the US? [I'm joking, I don't want to discuss that here] Top 5% of salaries nationally (in the US). Or, about $180,000. Yes, nowhere near the compensation that a C-level will earn at a major multi-national. Yes, America has pretty horrifying* leave policies. Most professional jobs in the DC area start with 15-18 days of personal leave (vacation and sick are treated the same) and around 10 national holidays. Jobs that pay hourly frequently don't have any leave at all - if you take a day off, you don't get paid anything. And maternity/paternity leave is almost non-existent. All of which leads to people coming to work sick, spreading disease, being miserable, burning out, and spending a fortune paying strangers to watch their babies. * Horrifying by Western European standards. That pretty much covers it. Stuff happens. Good project managers will adjust and move on. Additionally, if you are being blocked by something external, you MUST let your project manager know ASAP! One of his primary jobs is to remove impediments, so you can do your job. In the case of American football, skipping college isn't an option. The NFL doesn't recruit out of high school, so a player's only option is to do 3-4 years indentured servitude at an NCAA institution. I don't disagree, but the NFLPA and NFL have a collective bargaining agreement that prohibits the NFL from recruiting until a player is 3-years removed from high school (roughly age 21). Both the league and player's union benefit from this restriction in trade. Appellate courts have ruled in their favor. So, the NFL as zero interest in creating a farm system that competes with the NCAA. Obviously, the NCAA also likes this arrangement as it's a major source of revenue for college athletic departments.