Honestly, 'deserving of praise' makes no sense to me. There are only behaviours you want to reinforce and behaviours you want to discourage. I think I want to reinforce offering internships (giving the $100 in your example) so I wouldn't differentiate between the two cases and I'd praise them both. This company is stepping up when they are able to. Good. I want more of that. Yes, this will work and is current healthcare professional practice in many places. It will take a few days, though, so people usually line up like 5-6 and then rotate through those. If you can heat the masks that's cool, too, but then you have to make sure you don't damage the elastic or seal. Waiting will work. The introductory chapters of James Gleick's Chaos are about meteorology. When I read it I was blown away by the fact that these mathematical systems had sensitive dependence on initial conditions to such a degree that there was fractal complexity. Very cool! I had this belief that if I get another decimal point in in the observations I would get closer to the truth, but if 1.25 and 1.2 could yield diametrically opposing results that doesn't work. Threw me for a loop, honestly. Classic Related Stories: * Patriot Missile launchers must be rebooted periodically to account for accumulated errors from truncation: http://www-users.math.umn.edu/~arnold//disasters/patriot.htm... * Cruise missiles with memory leaks that do not matter because they'll reach the target before they allocate all memory: https://groups.google.com/forum/message/raw?msg=comp.lang.ad... That's a really cool program that it allows nominating someone from outside the company. Very nice! Congratulations to Daniel Stenberg and good show for Gaspar Chilingarov to nominating him. I was able to donate my masks through a local healthcare worker. They can still use it. The thing to remember is that mask reuse is possible and a damned good idea. Btw, as usual there's more misinformation as to what masks healthcare workers will find useful. People will tell you that you can't share those because they're contaminated - wrong! I already did so in a fully informed manner. People will tell you that you can't reuse - wrong! You absolutely can reuse. Keep eight. Keep them separate. Do not allow contact of anything with the inside. Keep them face up in an isolated area. One every day of the week. In fact, I'm just a random person. Don't trust me. Don't trust the agencies. Follow the actions people are taking that are working. Follow the evidence. I was talking to some folks about the ill-advised CDC and WHO recommendations on masks, the resulting poor handling by the US government, and the rampant cargo-culting by people on Twitter, Reddit, and HN who decided to just signal-amplify the misinformation from US government agencies without critical thought. While we were doing that, I decided to go see what Taiwan's timeline looked like. Pasting here for your sake. New Year's Eve: Rumours of viral pneumonia in Wuhan. All inbound flights from Wuhan subject to inspection Jan 5: All Wuhan travelers exhibiting upper respiratory inspections are now subject to screening Jan 20: First positive test Jan 21: Mask export ban, production ramp-up Jan 31: Taiwanese government forced monopsony on masks (1/3 reserved for healthcare personnel). Announces rationing first week of Feb Feb 2: Taiwanese defence personnel dispatched to bolster staffing at mask factories Feb 6: Mask rationing starts Feb 15: Mask production by end of month projected to be 10 million / day. Taiwanese population: 24 million Mar 9: Mask production 9.2 million / day Mar 16: Production 10 million / day Mar 22: Production 12.6 million / day April 3. Taiwan: Population 24 million. Density: 649 people/sq.km. First case: Jan 20. Cases: 348. Deaths: 5 April 3. Florida: Population 21.5 million. 136.5 people/sq.km. First case: Mar 7. Cases: 10268. Deaths: 170 Did we have to make the choice between the economy and lives? Did we have to choose between grandma and the dollar? Could policy have changed the outcome? You decide. That's not true. There are people who are making a living of trading Bitcoin whose lives will deteriorate. Since Bitcoin only functions when it's hard, cutting the energy consumption means cutting the thing. And attempting to control things like this is a whack-a-mole expedition. If you'd like to account for the carbon externalities, then do so. Tax carbon emissions. Proxy by purchases of fossil fuels if you have to. The reason we don't do that is that most people are rampant polluters. They know it, because when you put the numbers up, we know something interesting: most of those attempting to shame others here are rampant polluters, emitting large multiples of the median human's carbon. The truth is you can't maintain the standard of life you're talking about at the emissions necessary. Shame doesn't work here. Only policy. Tax the carbon if that's what you don't like. Tax the sound if that's what you don't like. Tax the land on its value if you think this is an uneconomical use of the land. But shaming is ineffective. You will walk away with the dopamine rush of outrage, having achieved nothing of note. Oh no, we absolutely should allow for people to change. Few things in the world are Pareto-optimal and we should not restrict change to Pareto-optimal things alone. But the comment I responded to said this: > We could cut the energy consumption of bitcoin to zero and the quality of life of everyone would not change at all. Now I'm not one to normally be pedantic, but if we actually treat this non-literally we're faced with an optimization problem: how much is it worth reducing the quality of life of these people to ensure that energy isn't "wasted"? So either you take the statement as a rhetorical flourish, in which case it is an inadequate response that merely relies on emotive appeals. Or you take the statement as literal, in which case it is obviously true. I guessed at a path but perhaps I should have articulated both sides. As it turns out I guessed wrong and you can see from his response that it was just an optimization problem inadequately specified. I don't think it will be effective. Are you interested in laying a bet with some time-frame? You don't have to be, but I find that it clarifies my priors appropriately. The President is not a generally competent pandemic-response person. His strengths are elsewhere. But the people who have held the jobs that were intended to be experts on this failed and are failing. The rot is institutional because bureaucrats always outlast elected administrations. Naturally, the "useful idiots" that the bureaucracy exploits are an additional problem. I haven't yet determined if they're a minor problem or if they provide the weight of opinion. If you have a thousand people who will say "Masks don't work" if the CDC says "Masks don't work" are the thousand people more dangerous or the CDC more dangerous. Probably the CDC, I think. It's a bit like asking you to define just how many grains of rice there are in a heap. You may be unable to do so and yet know a heap when you see it. Well, we have a bunch of call options at $40 (50% of American shale is viable there, probably more if labour costs drop). Given that, the downside is capped so that reduces the need to stockpile, and hyper-optimize this stuff. Did you apply? I think it would be interesting to hear the story of what it looks like inside if you decide to work with them. Sorry, I was being metaphorical. Shale becomes viable at $40 so the US has practically unlimited oil if prices hit $40. There's no need to hedge against. America has a natural resources hedge. People are asking "Can I bring my comparative advantage to bear?" because obviously the best way I can contribute if I were making half a million dollars is to take $50k of my post tax income and allocate it to boosting the salary offered. I tried reading the other threads but they are not very information-dense. It's mostly people arguing about whether governments are good employers. Would you mind sharing a quick summary if you've synthesized the position? That's the culture. The SV innovation is that startups have gestalt views of things not a "management made it like this so I am unable to operate". The bureaucracy and the machinery that supports it is the government culture. People who don't understand this, often don't understand the natural offshoots that come from it: blameless post-mortems, prioritizing falsification, unlimited paid vacation, etc. These all work because the people participating have the culture. The SV startup culture is a full-spectrum ownership thing. If your executive team isn't aiming at the right direction, you tell them that, and if you lose faith in the future as a result you go elsewhere. The executive team always relinquishes its power over you in order to maximize your effectiveness because that's the only thing that matters. Government culture is different. It optimizes in a different constraint space. There has to be visibly equitable hiring, the needs of political expediency require things like "heads to roll", regression is more dangerous than lack of progression, etc. Because of this, government organizations operate differently. They're not inefficient. They're just optimizing to different constraints and they're incredible at doing so. I would hypothesize that you cannot retain SV startup culture at the government for any appreciable amount of time because of the constraint space - much of which is the result of natural law. The problem is on the demand side, not solely on the supply side. People desire reinforcement not challenge. That is natural. I suspect it is true of us all. Those who are capable direct their potential to be challenged in specific ways, allowing themselves to have biases reinforced in the unimportant places. And they have access to the knowledge in their specific areas. This is the reason for the enduring power of the filter bubble: it is a stable equilibrium because it serves both the purposes of the demand and supply side. You can test this by making high-reliability websites that state honest priors. You'll get an audience but the audience will be pretty specific to your subject matter and not be popular. No information source has had all of the following characteristics: * Broad-based popular support * High information content * Novel information, i.e. information you can't get elsewhere * Sustained presence This may actually be desirable. Novel reliable information is an advantage, but it may not be a present sufficient advantage, and species survival may depend on presently boosting those capable of acquiring and utilizing information advantage. i.e. a time may come when we need to be good at it - if we have more people with this characteristic then, it'll lead to better outcomes. Interesting. This is the opposite of modern design defunctionalization. I think the arguments made for that apply to why this is not a good idea. The advantage of declarative configuration is that it provides a sync barrier to the human and a safe entry-point. I imagine in a pure language without global runtime state you could use this method but in the more mainstream languages it is likely to trip you up. I will refrain. Hmm, looking through archive.org it looks like four years ago it was more The Daily WTF and today it's mostly like memegen. Top of front page (4 years ago): My teacher thinks he's a programmer http://i.imgur.com/32nfQXZ.png Top now: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/fvhk9l/a_b... This is hecka cool. What a clever concept! I like the idea of piggy-backing on top of a mechanism that is sort of kept in the right state by consensus. Pulled the front page from Apr 5 2016 so folks can compare a few posts: https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4d6vl5/had... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dd6nx/my_... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dcjfc/cod... https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/4dfjag/tel... That is interesting to me to hear. Bloomberg News has the lovely characteristic that a lot of people believe them and they're also generally wrong so you can usually trade on that info. It's the fascinating power of building an enduring brand through one field (the terminals and Bloomberg himself) and parlaying it into another. For instance, the day after the SuperMicro story popped up and I saw that it was Bloomberg that broke the story, I went long SMCI. A month later, the sweet smell of victory and +100% gains sat in my eTrade account. Now there's edge, and I didn't even need 5 ms to the exchange to get it. I was going to say how Amazon might as well be the only guys online but this article is really good and offers real alternatives. Very cool. Yeah. Brain fog. I've traced mine to the following: + Stress on uncertain situations + Lack of sleep + Lack of clarity of 'the next thing to do' I can't solve the first, so I try to handle the latter two with the obvious solutions (sleep more, set next task) but also with other methods. I tried different Mg supplements, Caffeine + L-Theanine, -afinils, and Adderall under these circumstances. Adderall turbo'd my performance back up and past, the -afinils worked if sleep was the problem, and the others didn't help at all. If you are a disciplined person, then maybe occasional Adderall use will help. I have no dependence issues (use is roughly once / 3 months) but if you have discipline problems, then don't do it, tolerance is easy to build and addiction is possible. I am currently attempting CBT strategies. Going to give STOPP a shot. This is why these last few weeks on the market have been wonderful. If you can predict ( including accounting for the supposed irrationality) then you make money. Otherwise you lose money. If you had a prediction of how things would get hit w/ virus, there was so much money to be made. I watched but my timing was a bit off and I did not commit the majority of my wealth. That's a pity and speaks to my true estimate of the danger whereas a friend of mine pulled out completely of all long-term holdings in mid Feb so we know he believed. I think if you use Google Fi, then you can lock down your account pretty well and you'll need your hardware key to change things. You have 29 people in a room. The people are healthy and well. You give them a pill containing a chemical you want to test. They all die seconds after consuming the pill. The autopsy reveals they did not choke. What is the N you choose before you conclude that chemical is toxic in that dose at some p? Is it really so obvious that small N is statistically insignificant? Stat sig is a method to empirically improve knowledge. Well, if it's intuitive that you need high N to get empirical knowledge, let's try an intuitive example. Say you're a tribal chieftain. One of your men (one among thousands) finds a berry bush. Another eats a berry from the bush. He promptly dies. You're a scientific tribe, though, and you know N must be high before you conclude the berries are poisonous. So, one of the other guys eats another berry. He, too, dies immediately. The process repeats until it's you considering the bush. How does the situation change if the number of people before you was 19 vs 21? Indulge me with the scenario. Do you think that pill is safe or unsafe or do you think we need to give one more guy the pill to test? If you think it depends on something, go ahead and say so and I'll constrain the thought experiment. IAmEveryone (user w/ sibling post) is correct in that I'm referring to the fact that effect size affects statistical power. Quick summary to preempt more of the repetitive HN comments caused by not clicking through and then scrolling: * It's an LLC instead of a 501c3 because that allows more flexibility. This is not unprecedented * It's $1B of his wealth in terms of Square stock * There is a spreadsheet to track where it's going https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-eGxq2mMoEGwgSpNVL5j... * The order of operations is COVID-19, then girl's health and education, and UBI * It's 28% of his wealth This is a non-problem. There is no real threat model. It's like how you can cast to my TV if you're in my house. Sure, anyone could attack the party by posting porn on the TV but that's really not going to happen because I'm not going to invite you and put you in the wifi if you're the kind of person who does that. Removed 'instant setup'. It's not in the link. I suspect it's usually accidental but I feel very little rancor towards them. You solve things the way you think about them (until yesterday it wouldn't have ever struck me that a currency symbol could be in the middle of the value). And that's how, I suppose, you end up with a bunch of people with US Visas that say FNU (first name unknown) in front because they only have one name. We have almost all the technology. What we don't have is verifiability in most cases. i.e. the real problem is that the publisher cannot determine that the User Agent is telling the truth. Everyone has a different value on the value of their data. For instance, I find great targeted advertising to be practically like a recommendation engine. Instagram's ads are great! And few of them relate to things I've done on Instagram or Facebook. They're clearly 3rd party. If we can find a way to ensure that the User Agent isn't lying (this may not be easy), then I could trade my data for a discount on the WSJ instead of paying full price and you could pay for the WSJ at full price and share nothing about yourself. I think the truth is that most people will pick the discount, but that's because I would. I think that's a fair exchange and very open and clear. You can opt-in. Is there a Linux alternative that allows me to film portion of the desktop and do neat little arrow annotations live and everything? Thank you. I use SimpleScreenRecorder for this at the moment. You've got to know if the other person can code. Lots of people can talk a mean game and make nothing and few people can spot them. That's the thing, though. If you make a reputation as the kind of guy who can near 100% spot the good engineers, you will make boatloads of money. An employer will pay you more than $30k if you only do great hires. You do 10 of them with your conversation out to lunch and you've made $300k. That's the low-end. But no one can do that and the few with high hit-rates act as executive-search agencies where they make a lot more. But I think I would never interview anyone I've worked with. That just seems like a waste. I already either know that they can or can't do things. You're probably locking out a lot of foreigners that way, but if you find that your top-of-funnel has enough people, this will work really well. Lots of the consultant gigs that people do actually end up with being hired at the company they consulted for. But that's the best part! You can describe the truth and the way you would have liked it to have gone and the employer will self-select themselves out if they're not the kind of culture you desire. It's like they're doing the work for you so you don't end up at a job at a place you don't like! That's a fair point. Perhaps this is what people are talking about the conversations over lunch. I find it hard to believe that someone who wants to work as an IC and knows you would try to do that knowing their skills had dulled. The shame of failing someone who trusted you to deliver would be too much! We found a guy whose Github had solid Rust code and then he walked us through it and it was great how he could explain it. Maybe we were lucky there but he's turned out to also be generally awesome or perhaps that's a good sign. It certainly looks to me like you have the pedigree to be able to select which employers you'd like anyway, so the loss of the whiteboard thing is probably not a big deal to you. We have a take-home and a whiteboarding bit. No tricks to the whiteboarding. Very straightforward brute-force solution that you can improve. Take-home doesn't have code. It's a technical design question that you then discuss with an engineer on an on-site. So far so good. I sometimes attempt to requalify by adding a second step where I try an alternative mechanism of testing, just to see if someone who did poorly on the whiteboard (which is a coderpad-style thing) would do better in a different mechanism. So far very high correlation. Pity, I'm very social so I'd prefer a conversation and walking through code at a higher level. Yeah, but the causative link doesn't work the other way. Sometimes you can add more downside and get no more upside. My prediction? This stimulus package won't destroy the upside. Haha brilliant, thank you for that etymology trace and the Skunked Term phrase! Good stuff. Ah ha, that's fair. But that is just as well a problem with the original assertion. So I suppose I'm happy to listen to the prediction as to which upsides are about to be destroyed and then perhaps pick a position opposite it that's verifiable. A modern laptop will run Bodypix at about 30 fps. There could be additional bottlenecks but the deep (and wide) NNs are usually not super fast, they're just fast for the wondrous things they do. You can usually alter performance (with Bodypix that's an accuracy/speed tradeoff) or do something silly like downscale, run, and upscale the mask. I'd like to try this. You run a Hadoop/Spark cluster on-prem. It's isolated from the rest of the world. If foreign code is executing there, the game is already up. You turn `mitigations=off`. That's a way for you to live your life by and Fossil will work for you. I don't use that axiom, rampantly alter history all the time, and Fossil is not for me. I'm glad that person mentioned it. Oh, this is literally your job. There are different takes on this, and the detail is hard, but the broad strokes are: * Follow your vision for the product - i.e. form a feature-set that combines the greatest compatible combination of requested features and your understanding of what the future of the product post those features will look like * Solve the immediate next problem that will bring you most money fastest. Apply debouncing. i.e. the next blocker to money is feature A in the shape of a customer saying "we're ready to sign if you have A". Rank all amount of money, likelihood of customer actually executing (if you aren't able to sign on to a pilot w/ "we'll have it next week"), and divide by time. Do that. Do not re-evaluate for some duration of time. * Find what you're selling. Sometimes this can be very different from what you're making. And the customer may be asking for a feature because they think that feature in the thing they're being sold will solve the problem they're having. Honestly, no one here can help you with this. I suspect not even a course could help you with this. This you're going to learn by attempting to constraint solve here. Just learn from the pain fast and do what's necessary to keep the trust of your team (primary!) and your customer (secondary because there's more of them than the team). Genuinely puzzling considering the mailing lists are quite civil and actually a generally pleasant seeming place - except for the top posters - may they burn! jkjk :D Anyway, according to Github recent history, the top recent committers are: * https://github.com/nicoddemus (leaving) * https://github.com/blueyed * https://github.com/RonnyPfannschmidt (leaving) * https://github.com/asottile (leaving) * https://github.com/bluetech (elevated last month to core) * https://github.com/thisch (last in mid 2019) Honestly, I didn't realize pytest was such a German product. Fascinating. Punk-o-matic was the first time I encountered the idea of a string-serializable program state and my mind was blown. I think more applications would benefit from being able to turn things into a text state, especially ones with a lot of configuration. Imagine hitting a button and having AWS drop everything it does into a Terraform file or CloudFormation file or something. Or maybe you go through the UI selecting options and at the end you hit "Export to TF" and you get a TF thing selecting the options you had. That would be cool! I've heard that Azure has something like this but I haven't tried it myself. There's no total order of power and authority. I want the US government to not have the power and authority to set up and run a church but I want that power and authority, and I'm pretty sure I want Google to have that power and authority. So yeah, I want Google to be able to say "I don't want to list papers that won't do this for free", yes. I'm pretty sure it's different people in each case. Certainly I don't blame any big tech company for any election. All I want is the Internet as I recall it: free voluntary association. My user agent is powerful enough to ensure this and I'm happy with it. If I wanted to use only directories and webrings I could do so today. I'm fine with that. If I want to use Google I have to use Google terms. That's okay. If I don't, I can easily just not. I don't think it'll last, though. The guys who blame tech companies for elections are the same guys saying they need to be regulated. And so eventually we'll have all these highly-regulated services instead of the thing I've enjoyed. But that's the tyranny of the majority, I suppose. I can find a way to work with it. That's the dream. When governments cannot simply impose their will on me at a whim. The fault isn't that Google can negotiate as an equal. The fault is that I can't negotiate as an equal when I want to marry a man or abort a foetus or drug myself. And I'd rather erode the power of the government than of myself every single time. And I'm pretty sure the French people don't get to decide what I want. Only I get to decide that. Haha, that's exactly right. But what they get is the end of the negotiation that occurs and it won't necessarily be what they want. Comments like that are a bellwether of the place they’re posted in. People will hedge their comments whenever they fear there is a sufficient concentration of “well, actually”s in the audience. If $1 = 100 Homeland units through Bitcoin but only 75 Homeland units through currency conversion. Why don't you move 1000 dollars over and bring back $1333.33 and repeat? If you're going to call people fat, you gotta post physique. Is it, though? Run your states the way you want to. Maybe your comrades in Texas prefer a running economy to lives. This is a good thing that you can make that choice. Web user agents do this the best. You can run code in the console, delete elements, make that persist with an extension. And there you see the best outcomes and the dangers ("This is a browser feature intended for developers. If someone told you to copy and paste something here to enable a Facebook feature or "hack" someone's account, it is a scam and will give them access to your Facebook account."). I think the risks are overstated. Probably not anywhere near surefire. I really like the idea of Pulumi but I haven't really used it. To be honest, I'm not in an environment where I need to do this. A couple of scripts do the trick just as fast when combined with some clicking through. Some things that annoyed me about TF and made me look at Pulumi actually were: - Doing anything with loops in TF is a nightmare, and especially if you have to do things like sharding. We had a sharded KV store that was sort of optimized for our environment at my previous job and the monstrosity that you have with `count.idx` and whatnot is just ugh. - There's a lot of repetition. Often, even with module-use you end up copy-pasting a bunch of code. This doesn't matter. Low quality news sources are a dime a dozen, and the good news costs money. You have to be sophisticated enough to be able to differentiate news sources. For instance, as a WSJ subscriber, I'm not going to read the editorials. They're complete garbage in terms of factual content. The business page is gold. And this is very good. All the freeloaders who block ads and only use low-quality news will get poorer information and they will be out-competed. That's a good thing. Humanity will move forward. So block your ads on your ad-supported sources, grumble about "inequity of information", and exclaim in horror that you can't access good information because of a paywall. This is it. The future is here: ads are disappearing (temporarily, I think) and you're seeing what happens when your desired world comes to be. There's no schadenfreude here. Many of you were just sawing on a branch you sat on, with the natural consequence. The LA Times railed against targeted advertising. Well, they got what they wanted. And now they're subject to the razor's edge that is the market. That sounds like a foolish use of my time when I can simply watch other people do it for me. And I want a greater difference between me and them. I want them to be wrong and for me to be right. This only helps. Other people's predictability is opportunity. This is not an undesirable outcome. It’s the model most practise, except I do so knowingly. I’m Not against information sharing. It’s just that I do so in a parochially altruistic manner. https://www.nature.com/articles/nature04981 Besides we all know everyone will gladly partake in a negative sum game if it means they come out better. I just do that knowingly. That is, if other participants have x and I have y, I will gladly take actions that lead to long-term effects of me having y+delta and them having x-epsilon even if delta A practical example is that I will often share stuff I know better than others but I won’t try too hard to convince them. It’s a collective mirror and what we believe we ‘want’ is less important than our revealed preference. Yes. It would probably make me do so harder because it’s my life’s work and I have only that much time to do it. They’re struggling because you have chosen this regulatory regime. Generics factories are pumping it out right now. You’re overestimating the difficulty of this. But don’t trust me. Go talk to a generics drug manufacturer in India yourself. I haven’t looked at why flour or toilet paper have shortages and don’t know the primary factors there[1]. I’ve done all I that I care to to inform you. 1: It’s probably the bullwhip effect and hysteresis in the supply chain but that’s speculation on my part. As a counterpoint, nearly everyone in my family in medicine still loves it. My parents are surgeons in their sixties who don’t need to work any more. My uncles and aunts are GPs, radiologists, and anesthesiologists. My cousins are GPs, nurses, and anesthesiologists. So that’s a spectrum from 21-65 and almost all of them enjoy their jobs. The things that really bother them are poor administrators etc. They’ll quit jobs over that, but not out of burnout. I think it’s easy for this to be a fulfilling career if you’re the kind of person who doesn’t get early filtered out. Hydroxychloroquine is exportable to the US from India currently. If I had lupus, I assure you I wouldn’t be sitting here worrying about my dose. They’re not all in the US. Spread over the US, Canada, UK, and the UAE. But anecdotally there are more complaints from North American family about paperwork. Obviously I see NA family more, living here now, so that’s not really a surprise. No, it is a beautiful and powerful thing. Everyone claims to not obey it but the force of tribalism is strong. There is no enlightened man above it. All are subject to it. The best use it well. The average deny it. The worst are used well by it. In its simplest form it lifts you up on a dreary Thursday as you get off the train, walk to the stadium gates, and yell a chant that is picked up by others who know nothing of you but that you know the chant and that you wear the colours. Such power in that unity. In its most powerful form it motivates people to form great civil change. You are a civil rights activist, not merely a person who believes in the inherent rights of all people. You are a gay rights activist, or a climate change activist, or a revolutionary. Learning to harness that mindhack of unity was so fulfilling to me. Yell the right words and you have sixty thousand at your back yelling them with you. You feel gigantic, not like a single man, but like a giant ocean swell. And it is such a trick. I do not share that much with the coal miner and the bus driver and the man who bought a flat in Highbury. But we share this. And over this we can talk. And through the talking we come to share more. Something I never thought about with being a submarine officer is that there aren't weekends. I never even thought about that. I could work the hours but not even a Sunday?! I can't do that for the time they do it. Oh, I knew the UK was doomed when triple-lock pensions were made real. I live in America! I think the most common reason large groups of people gather to express emotion is sports. And it is so joyful. And it's a nice substitute for war[0] 0: https://www.orwellfoundation.com/the-orwell-foundation/orwel... It turns out that all those people who write software and run startups do know better than the so-called experts. In tech everyone sounded the alarm way before. The last day I wasn't SiP was the day Google announced Google Next cancellation. And then for the month that followed, all this crap about masks being worthless and now suddenly they aren't. Turns out a valid epistemological basis becomes more valuable rather than less valuable in a crisis. Wait, the latest stats read that there are fewer homeless people in Japan than all of San Francisco (and definitely all of LA). That can't be right. It has to be a definition difference or they're doing something remarkably right. This is really cool! I hope they get the GPU running. I would _love_ to run Ubuntu Touch or something on an iPhone. I wonder how much of the responsiveness of iOS is due to the hardware. Yeah, but when the practice of this is different with it often being up to regulators what actually is allowed and what isn't. The obvious recent example is that GDPR enforcement is (often intentionally) not strictly following the letter of the law. To play with. I think I'd enjoy that. Also, the iPhones are cool hardware! And I've used unlocked bootloader devices before. My threat model allows for that exploit to be performed on me should someone desire it. The utility I gain exceeds the risk = f(likelihood, loss). Or maybe adding the 500 option is the way to communicate your features most effectively. i.e. it presents the top-end of what's possible and accurately showcases where your more expensive option is. When I'm older or sicker, I'll use a thing that works for me when I'm older or sicker. Otherwise it's like turning on the screen reader for everyone because blind people can't operate computers otherwise. Why does US Congress approval rating matter? If I considered my congressperson 100/100 and everyone else 0/100, the House would get an overall rating of around zero. Obviously since I can't elect members of the House of Representatives from other districts, I could totally approve of my congressperson and senator and it still not be my fault for the other guys in power. Well, universality is not necessarily a useful end goal. Lyft is a successful company that doesn't operate even in Canada. A solution that works only in coastal California may well be sufficient. Lots of things come to the Bay Area and Los Angeles before anywhere else. Partly that's because coastal California is an innovation hotbed. Partly because it's a single large rich market. Since one of these that succeeds entirely in the safe parts of California would be an incredible game-changer on its own (door-to-door small-group spikable public transit!), it's still amazingly exciting. And while lots of Americans view many things as unchangeable, that's not the case in many other places. In China, if you were to talk to public planners about how autonomous vehicles will handle detours, they'll just say, "Oh, we'll use transmitters to tell you. We can sign the transmitters so you know they're trustworthy." Everything about the universe is mutable. Yep, no ice road truckers will be autonomous in the next year, and that's okay. Sorry, couldn't think of a good word. Rapid increase in supply to meet demand. Because the units are smaller they are more fluid. Because they are autonomous storage doesn't have to be centralized and they aren't subject to human scheduling constraints. Especially then. It allows you to proportionally weight the price against what's available. All of this is just effective communication. In fact, considering that all we have available is the end result of the operation, I think the "effective communication" hypothesis is much stronger supported than the "tricking" hypothesis. That’s actually what makes it useful. Anyone can exhaustively describe a thing. Only good communicators can select down to their audience, assume things, and then generalize at a level that provides broad meaning. The strength is in being able to select the first eigenvalues. After all, the only real thing is the thing itself. A textual description of the thing is not the thing, Cecil’s lost his pipe. So then it falls to you to describe the thing well. To a man standing in front of ten cars, if you say, “the black one” he knows which one. If you say, “it is a motor vehicle made by Mercedes, noted for their three point logo, that is currently painted black” you have more data but not more information. All the capable people generalize. That is where predictive strength comes from. It certainly was. The features were showcased through comparison and analogy: a common technique to simplify understanding. This technique is frequently used in news (fifteen football fields), in technology (it would take a desktop 1000 years to calculate this), and really anywhere. It’s a damned good technique because it eases understanding. You need to get a small win of some sort. It doesn't matter what. Just aim at the smallest win you can get on the work. If you fail at that, aim for a smaller win. There will be at least a tiny win you can manage. You will feel better. Then double down. It looks like a pretty good strategy is to allow people who believe this to go out and kill themselves. On the other hand, what if they’re right and no ones going to die over this? You could require that they pay into a hazard bond that pays out back to them if they don’t get sick. It's okay for you to not understand and to inadequately comprehend the English language. Minecraft Creative. Lots of people play that without even sharing their works. That would be a nightmare of an experience for the developer community. No way. Absolutely do not want a hundred syntax-incompatible clones in various partial states of development. This is amusing but not a problem. This is truly wonderful news. Elements like these are powerful self-corrective measures of a free society. A free society can be exploited through propaganda, and this one certainly has, for generations. Now we will be immunized, through the presence of rampant pathogens. And we will be immunized through the deaths of those who are gullible and those around them. Is your city very gullible? You'll have lots of deaths. There is no appreciable Reopen movement in San Francisco. This is vigilance. This is strength. The weak will cull themselves. Do not feel this. I have a wireless headset so I'll occasionally mute my mic and do a couple of dumb-bell curls or go get some water while thinking. Feels fine, honestly. I like being present for the social comfort I get from physical proximity to people but the Zoom thing just has that absent, so I don't get that extra bonus but I still don't feel tired.