The dmd front end is GPL'd. I tend to learn languages by writing compilers for them. I'm sure that isn't normal . D started 10 years ago. It's not a flash in the pan. Uncaught exceptions are caught by the D runtime code, and the appropriate message is printed. You can declare functions as "nothrow", in which case the compiler will complain about any uncaught exceptions in the function body. You can do "header" files with D, too. They're called .di files and the compiler will even generate them automatically, or they can be built by hand. The compile speed advantage D has over C/C++ is that in the latter the header files must be reparsed for every source file. In D, the header files only need to be reparsed once, and then it is looked at symbolically for the rest of the source modules. D is also faster at compiling because the lexical grammar is designed to require little processing. Since banks are both heavily regulated and customers' deposits are insured by the government, one can expect capitalist market forces to go awry with their operation. The unit test facility built in to the D programming language has turned out in practice to be a huge win. Sure, it's on the basic side, but the advantages are there's a standard way to do it that is little more than just writing out your tests right next to the function needing testing. This convenience factor tends to make a function look incomplete without the unit test. I put mine in the closet, and run long video/keyboard wires to my desk. Works fine. There are limits to unit tests. For example, suppose I have a function I need to be pure (i.e. it does not modify any global state). No amount of unit testing will prove that it is pure. But a static type system check by the compiler can prove it is pure. Unit testing and static type checking have some overlap, but it is not complete overlap. Both are desirable. Length-embedded strings are little better than the 0-terminated ones. You cannot take a substring without copying. The "fat pointer" approach has been used in D for nearly 10 years now, and has proven itself to be very effective. Does anyone know of a desktop or laptop powered by an ARM running Linux? Optimizer and code gen problems are pretty hard for users to diagnose correctly, so most compiler vendors put a high priority on fixing them. Doesn't that just come with the territory? If you're successful with your opinions, people will argue with you. Joel doesn't know you're not going to sue him. Lots of people file frivolous lawsuits against companies, in the hope of a settlement even if the lawsuit has no merit (it takes a lot of time and money to defend against frivolous suits). It makes no sense for him to expose himself to that sort of risk. I think it comes from the 1960's depiction of computers, when if you hit the wrong key the keyboard would shoot sparks out and throw the operator across the room. A couple years back, I remember reading an article that argued that housing was way overpriced because the rents were only about half the value of the house. They should be in line with each other. The thing to do is to have the chief mechanic along for the check ride. For the time being, just try to put pipes into the plume and pump it into tanker ships. Even getting 10% will help. What worked for me was to not sleep for 30 hours beforehand. I'd be careful about concluding it could not have been accidental. The chemical industry isn't the only one that tries to prevent incorrect connections by using dissimilar connectors, but there always seems to be a mechanic that thinks he knows better and tries to "fix" it. They can and do find adapters or even make adapters. There's no malice involved, just pig-headed stupidity. I don't see a turbine anywhere. There's not even any amplification (boost). It's just a directional antenna. With that volume of money, why not use a credit card merchant account? I use one, and I've always found the CC company to be easy to get on the phone and eager to help me with any issues. It would seem easier to just scan the film, then write some software instead of building a special machine. My big, boxy "desktop" isn't on my desk, it's in the closet with long cables to my desk. This keeps the noise and clutter down. These studies were done during WW2 to investigate ways to increase productivity in the US arms factories. Note that this was with a workforce that wanted to produce as much as possible, not a workforce that was coerced to. Their conclusion to maximize productivity was to work 40 hours most of the time, with occaisional bursts at 60. Any algorithmic method of beating the market can only be successful if it is a secret and if its trades are of insignificant volume. Otherwise, knowledge of this algorithm will be factored into the prices, defeating it. Trading stocks isn't a zero-sum game. The value you deliver is to (more) accurately price the shares. It also isn't zero sum in that the person on the other side of the trade values what you're giving in exchange more than you do, by definition. Floss your teeth. Every day. Your older self will thank you. This doesn't make sense, as CPM86 was sold right alongside PC-DOS, both from IBM. The reason PC-DOS outsold CPM86 was that PC-DOS was $40 and CPM86 was nearly $300. It's as simple as that. I'll be there to talk about the D programming language. I think I'll stop reading HN and go do something useful! The slides: http://erdani.com/d/three-cool-things-about-d.pdf This looks like a reinvention of the scope guard statement: http://www.digitalmars.com/d/2.0/exception-safe.html In my college experience, I did the most learning when working my way through the problem sets with my fellow students. It would have been an awful lot harder without that (and a lot less fun). One would have to be fairly motivated to succeed alone in a room watching a video over the internet. The article was not intended to give a balanced view of issues vs usefulness. It was attempting to explain why C++ compiles relatively slowly, which is a common question people ask me. Whether or not the speed issues are balanced by other considerations is up to the C++ user. I don't really understand the fairness of being able to retire at 55 with a full pension. The retirement age should be 70. I've heard essentially that same story from lots of people my whole life. My grandparents even tried it with my father. It never works. I do my FreeBSD testing on a 10 year old box. I grew up with airplanes being old hat. But still prickles run down my spine when I look at that old photo of the Wright Flyer's first flight. What an incredible achievement that was, and how long man had dreamed about flying! The guy was doing 80 and not wearing his seatbelt. I don't see how Ford is to blame. An SUV is not a sports car. We have a 1000 years of history of what works in education, but people keep ignoring that. Why not study real life instead of fiction? Fictions are, by definition, not even pretending to be accurate. Smart enough to realize it's a work of fiction? I often hear college educated people claim "The Jungle" and "The Grapes of Wrath" are historical documentaries. The trouble with the specifics is since it's a work of fiction, there is no way to tell what is real and what is made up. Hence, reputable historians and sociologists should study reality from reputable sources. Do you really want the future policymakers of America to base their ideas on hollywood movie scripts? So, there was an amsterdam experiment in Baltimore? A cop inventing a serial killer? No? It belongs in a literature class, not a sociology class. It's like learning physics by watching Star Trek. Yes, The Wire was a great TV show. I enjoyed watching it. But let's not pretend it is a documentary. Isn't that like saying studying real world physics is hard, so we'll study Star Trek instead? If studying real relationships is so hard, how can you tell if the made up ones are valid? Why can a hollywood script writer do this while Harvard research academics cannot? Does the book confirm that the way to learn about physics is to study Star Trek's warp drive, transporter, subspace communications, telepathy, food replicator, telekinesis, parallel universes, force fields, gravity generator, dylithium crystals, time travel, vulcan death grip, etc., all based on no known scientific principles? An engine will run a surprisingly long time with little or no oil pressure. The idea behind them was to remove the work involved in learning and the effort required to teach. In exercise you cannot get strong without effort, and there is no way to learn without effort. The most effective way to teach someone and to learn is with a teacher, blackboard, and chalk. Everything else is second best (including the wonderful Kahn Academy). "This is the exact same kind of terrible, short-sighted, browser-specific garglemesh that plagued the web with favicon.ico a Microsoft only image format that forced a specific file name and location (and generates billions of 404s across the web every day)." Hmm. With the iPod, there's the apple-touch-icon.png "George Cayley knew how to make a plane a century before the Wright brothers took off. If only he'd got the internal combustion engine to work." This implies that all the Wrights did was slap an engine on a Cayley design and fly. It's an egregious misunderstanding of the Wrights' numerous essential contributions to flight that made flight possible. 1. The Wrights designed and built their own engine from scratch. Nothing available had anywhere near the power/weight ratio they needed. Essentially, the Wrights invented the first aircraft engine. 2. They invented the first correct propellor theory, enabling them to produce propellors that were twice as efficient as their competitors'. This, of course, enabled the engine to be half the weight and power. (This factor alone is why I don't believe the other pretenders actually flew - they didn't have the power.) 3. They developed a 3 axis control system. This is absolutely crucial to successful flight. 4. They discovered that the existing data for airfoil efficiency was wrong by a factor of two. Airfoils needed to be twice the size as was previously thought. The Wrights invented a wind tunnel balance that was able to measure lift and drag, and used it to develop a refined, successful airfoil. Nobody else came even close. 5. They developed their technology over a series of increasingly sophisticated prototypes. It's probably the first example of a directed research and development program. Taylor was employed by the Wrights, so yeah, they worked together on it. I included the wing warping as part of the 3 axis control. Yes, it was an original (and crucial) contribution by the Wrights. Just a quick comment; most books one cannot even give away. A lot of used books are sold on Amazon for $.01. The local used bookstore won't even take boxes of nearly mint books for free, because they can't give them away either. I read thousands of books as a kid and paid for nearly none of them. A good book on how airplanes are designed and produced is The Jet Makers http://generalatomic.com/jetmakers/index.html Yes, my father is the author. This kind of thing happens a lot. A favorite trick is to "bundle" your app with some useless add-on, and then split the revenue between your app and the add-on, halving your royalty. The way to get past that is to have a minimum royalty per unit, and a minimum aggregate royalty per quarter. I know someone who worked with Courtney. She's very smart. The wire sensor buried in the pavement has been around since the 1960's, and nothing has improved since then. You don't need to place sensors anymore, a simple camera can do it. Or even a directional microphone, or an infrared sensor, or a microwave radar, etc. When I get a bit tired of working on software, I work on my hotrod ('72 Dodge Challenger), which has no computers (or even electronics) of any kind in it. It's very refreshing to work on totally mechanical systems with my own hands, and have them come alive. After a while, I'm ready to go back to the keyboard. I benefited greatly from the courses I took at Caltech. What I learned was: 1. how to learn 2. organized methods of thinking about problems 3. how to separate truth from crap 4. how to break down large problems into solvable small ones I'm not sure how these can be learned effectively through self study. Both the US and German rocket programs were started by privately funded researchers. The governments only got interested when they saw working equipment. The same was true of jet engine. Neither the German nor British governments had the slightest interest in it until they were shown flying jet powered aircraft. The US government specifically told Lockheed to stop work on jet engines and concentrate on war production. A number of privately developed computer networks existed before the internet. Heck, anyone with two computers tried to connect them together. I suppose everyone has forgotten about all the privately developed and deployed networks before the internet as we know it - BIX, Prodigy, MCImail, Fidonet, UUCP, Telenet, the BBS systems, etc. To presume that without the ARPAnet there would be no internet is a huge stretch. For another example, the telegraph and telephone networks in the US were built with private funding. Even the transatlantic cables were private ventures (at enormous cost). I'm curious about all the downvotes with no comments. If the facts are wrong, say so. Pretty much everyone believes they are organized thinkers, can separate truth from crap, etc. I certainly thought so when I entered college. After 4 years of Caltech, though, I emerged with the realization that I didn't know much about any of that before. While maybe I still am not an organized thinker, I could tell that I had gotten a great deal better at it. Additionally, when I work with others, even though they have college degrees, I can often see the disorganized thinking and lack of problem solving skills. I see this a lot in the programming world, for example. Many programmers, when confronted a bug, flail about essentially at random hoping to get lucky and fix it. If you show them how to approach finding the problem in an organized manner, it's like you're speaking a foreign language to them (or at least I'm a very bad teacher, which is entirely possible). For another example, I once had the job of figuring out the force involved when a screw drive ran full tilt into its stops. I worked out the math, etc., coming up with a formula for the force, plugged the numbers in, and got the answer. My colleague nearby (with a 4 year engineering degree as well) asked me in amazement "what book did you get that formula from?" If you're an EE, and you carry around a card that has printed on it V=IR, R=V/I, I=V/R then you do not know how to solve problems - you learned how to formula plug. Some people can learn all this stuff from self-study. The risk with self-study, however, is that you may not be aware of where the gaps in your skills are, especially if they are difficult to quantify like "organized thinking" or "problem solving skills" or "ability to separate truth from crap". None of the courses were labeled with "organized thinking" or "separating truth from crap". Learning that stuff was a side effect of probably 80% of the standard curriculum. Separating truth from crap is essentially what the scientific method is all about. If there is data that doesn't fit the theory, no matter how small, the theory is wrong and needs to be revised. A theory may explain existing facts, but it is useless unless it can make predictions that can then be tested. Stuff like that. Most of those networks also evolved gateways to interconnect to each other. The history of technology is often one that starts out with proprietary interfaces that evolve under user pressure to standardized, open interfaces. We see that playing out yet again in the iPhone vs Android competition. As soon as there were two computers, people tried to connect them. The more they got connected, the more universal people wanted those connections to be. If commercial companies wouldn't do it, non-commercial entities would (after all, look at linux and the enormous success of free software). Heck, even I worked on hooking computers together back in the 70's using ad-hoc parts and wires and (never having heard of arpanet at the time) even sketched out how a decentralized "web" might work. The idea that a decentralized fault tolerant network is such a novel concept that it required a government to think of it doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Even the telephone system is decentralized. There are decentralized fault tolerant systems all around us as examples. Check out FidoNet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FidoNet , a hobbyist produced global decentralized fault tolerant network, controlled by nobody. If the internet never existed, it's quite probable FidoNet would have grown up and fit into the same ecological niche. The internet used to run over the phone lines, too. It's a protocol. FidoNet is the counterexample that shows the government was not required to implement a global, decentralized, fault tolerant network. Before that, the phone system was a national, decentralized, fault tolerant network built without benefit of government funding, research, or protocols. There's a lot more to it than AT&T's version. See http://www.cato.org/pubs/journal/cjv14n2-6.html I don't see anything in AT&T's link suggesting it was paid for by the government. Just goes to show there is another side of the story besides the AT&T version. I've never found a company yet that didn't believe that free market competition was good for everyone else, but that their market was unique and they should be protected from competitors. The irony here is that at the time of the Kingsbury Commitment, phone networks were spreading across the country like wildfire. AT&T had already built its long distance network - it obviously didn't require a monopoly guarantee in order to do so. From the article, there were 3,000 phone companies. Surely with that number plenty would do very well in places other than major cities where there weren't 2,999 competitors. Just as obviously, with so many competitors there were not high cost barriers to entry. This article http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/09/how-amer... lays out the reasons in a convincing manner. Very illuminating is the article pointing out that Lasik eye surgery is decreasing in cost, and why, while other health care costs are soaring. I tell them I'm a nerd. You shouldn't be. It's quite normal. If someone recorded and then transcribed normal conversation of your's (or anyone else's), you'd be appalled at it. I know I was when mine was recorded! Someone once complimented Cary Grant by saying he wished he could be as witty and suave as Cary was on screen. Cary replied that he wished he could be, too. There's a good reason why politicians carefully script and rehearse their remarks in advance, even the supposedly 'extemporaneous' ones. Not me. I vastly prefer Netflix's content delivery system over Hulu's. Hulu's PC player is stuttery at hires, and has a "comb" like artifact in fast moving scenes, whereas Netflix's works fine on the same machine. An objective standard for what is a good teacher or not can never work. It will be immediately gamed. It's like art, movies, music, etc. You and I immediately know if something is good or not, but we cannot write a set of rules defining good. How does one master the material yet fail the test? How would you know if the kids learned anything unless you test them? Would you get on an airplane where the pilot did not take any licensing tests, and all you know is he showed up for flight school? It's true that you cannot mass replicate a system that depends on exceptional people. It's sort of like vast quantities of high quality goods were not produced until people figured out how to produce such without requiring highly skilled craftsmen. Let's face it, what works is a teacher with a blackboard and a room of students at desks. Nothing else has ever produced better results. I see constant attempts to take the effort out of teaching and learning, and they all fail. Learning is like exercise. If you want to get strong, there are no shortcuts, you have to work at it. The same with learning. I do know people who figured out their marginal hourly rate after taxes, and decided to cut back their hours worked to stay under that. When figuring the hourly rate, one must take into account not only taxes, but loss of unemployment compensation, earned income credit, etc. There are definitely folks who do this and choose to work less because their net hourly rate is not compelling. The UCSD P-system was a VM that ran several languages, and was at least a decade older than the JVM. I stopped using MapQuest because I got tired of the errors in it - locations were often a mile or more away from where MapQuest said they were, leaving me driving around in circles. Loser pays can work when the amount the loser is liable for is the minumum of his legal fees or his opponent's legal fees. That puts the maximum he is liable for under his own control. I can fix anything with a hammer. I find it curious that it's impossible to find simple leather moccasins to buy. Most of these "barefoot" shoes seem way overengineered and overpriced. Apparently this reporter is capable of actually doing real research on thug life, rather than the Harvard professors who use "The Wire" as a lazy alternative to studying reality. Anybody who dissected a smoker knew it was bad for you (ever seen a smoker's lung? I have. Horrific). Even in the 20's cigarettes were called "coffin nails", and doctors routinely advised their patients to quit smoking. Epidemiological studies have been carried out since the early 1800's. This is essentially relying on convention rather than guarantees. Convention is fine for smaller programs, but it falls down when you're dealing with large, complex code bases worked on by many diverse programmers. If you're debugging a sharing problem, and relying on convention, you don't even know where to start looking for it in a large codebase. I wish Amazon would adopt the Netflix model for books. I'd certainly sign up for that. Without effective weapons, many will die. Nobody picks a fight with someone who can effectively fight back. A classic example are the companies that have sprung up for the sole purpose of maximizing Medicare payouts. Ever see those ads for scooters on TV "at no cost to you"? As a consumer, why would you inject yourself with an untested drug from some unknown startup? And the first two are rendered in my browser as a square box because the font doesn't support them. Useless. "If a bunch of actual adults suddenly found themselves trapped in high school, the first thing they'd do is form a union and renegotiate all the rules with the administration." My father went to MIT on the GI bill after serving in combat in WW2. His class was the first to go after the war, and they were all combat vets several years older than the sophomore class. When the fraternity hazing started, one of the vets told the kid with the paddle "you ain't gonna touch me with that". Hazing was suspended for the next 4 years. I get a chuckle every time I think of some kids trying to haze a combat veteran. I used to buy into the idea that reading a book, any book, is a good idea. That may be true if you're learning to read, but most books are junk and add no value to your life. You can stagnate easily by reading lots of potboilers, for example.