Is there anywhere to eat on Sandhill Road? It's kind of funny that Sevin Rosen is giving up at the same time Sequoia is scoring on this scale. I'm tuned... what do you mean? this story's still not #1 Can you do it again? yet another advantage of being in the Bay Area very funny, ethan Thanks for the suggestion. If anyone else has suggestions, let us know in the comments on this thread. This is from that terrible book by Nesheim. I wouldn't trust anything he says. Making the site invite-only would be the opposite of what we want. One of the goals of this site is to discover smart people we might not otherwise notice when they apply for funding. Doing things through connections works well in the VC world. Because of the large investments they make, they're more conservative. But in the seed funding business you need to be aggressively democratic. Yeah, I know. The site is at least simple and functional, but we should (and will) make it look better soon. I noticed a several people suggesting features in other threads, so I'm starting one explicitly for that. I know there's a lot that needs improving; the site is pretty bare-bones at this stage. So propose whatever new features you think we need, and vote for the ones that you want most. Spam actually showed up the first day. Fortunately we already had good tools for dealing with it. Not logging users out when we restart the server. (If you find yourself suddenly logged out, that's why. Sorry, will fix.) See http://ycombinator.com/s2007.html for details. The application form lives at http://news.ycombinator.com/apply. Probably time to make urls in comments turn into links. Can you let me know precisely how to reproduce it? Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I hope we can tell the difference between people who are smart and those who are merely articulate. (We all have a lot of experience dealing with hackers, after all.) The server's written in Arc too. I wanted to learn how to write one. We won't clutter it up. Look how minimal the YC site itself is. Several of the startups we've funded use S3, and they seem to like it. That was a bug, not a design choice; I just fixed it. Adam's startup is making software that works closely with Outlook. In that sort of application it might make sense to use Java or C#. We never proposed there was no lower bound; the goal was more to discover where it was. And we now have, I think. Though in fact the main thing we discovered was how fuzzy it is. There really are people who can start a startup when they're 19. Sam Altman, the founder of Loopt, was 19. But for most people the lower bound is about 22. One reason is that most people need to experience what a job is like to be sufficiently motivated to avoid it. Another is that few people are forceful enough at 19. This is weird. I believe you, but I can't reproduce it. Can you send me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It wouldn't work to assemble teams of cofounders. A startup puts such strains on your friendship that you need it to be an established one. editor: vi, ide: repl This was in fact a bug. It's now fixed. Sorry about that. If anyone cares, it was because the http server is also written in Arc, on top of MzScheme, and we misread the MzScheme doc on make-limited-input-port to believe that limit-k referred to k of bytes. In fact it refers to bytes. So while we thought we were capping http requests at 2 meg, we were in fact capping them at 2k. Dang, after only three days we already have YouTube videos on the front page. (I voted it up though.) It seems a reasonable model to say that outcome = idea x execution, but there's no reason to put the dollar sign on the execution. Rather than outcome = idea x $execution The more honest model would be outcome = $(idea x execution) No picture? IANL but I'm pretty sure YC funding is not enough. But I've heard there are ways to get into (or rather stay in) the US if you go on to raise larger amounts of funding. I think these guys are more serious than they seem. I know James Hong is. You may hit something good by accident, but you don't keep it by accident. Harder to say about the upper bound. The factors you mention may play a role, especially kids. I also think need for money is a factor. Most people who could make money have by 40, and once you have enough, you're less willing to endure the pain of starting a startup. The average age of YC founders is about 25. This is one of my favorite books. I've read it several times. They wouldn't even need this "feature" if they had a more sophisticated algorithm for ranking stories on the frontpage. The source of all their trouble is that a story that makes the frontpage becomes the *top* story on it, instead of working its way up like on reddit (and here). Whoever made the thing is certainly not a born hacker. If you decide to change a vote and click on Back, it takes you right off the page, and if you click on forward again, it restarts. Why does the thing even have to be flash? It could just be an html form. Similar to the point of plagiarism in some respects (there are only three questions on their application form not copied from ours). But there are some differences: 1. They have an official connection to VCs. No one in seed funding can afford to do this, because it means you hose 90% of the companies you fund. If you don't give them their next round, no other VC will either, because you had inside info and you didn't. 2. They make no promise to keep doing this after this summer. YC and its network of other startups will be there to help you a year from now. 3. They give lower valuations: $12.5k for 5% in the average (2.5 founder) case, vs $17.5k for 6%. 4. At the end you demo to investors in the #6 startup market, whereas at YC you get to demo in both #1 and #2. Not at all; we're not VCs. We just do seed funding. That is a very different world. If a seed firm has an official relationship with a VC, that VC will know which of their startups are best. They can't invest in all of them, since the number of startups is so much larger at the seed phase. Any they don't invest in, other VCs will know are rejects. And this is the kiss of death, because the most important thing to most VCs is other VCs' opinion. Both Techstars and the new Lightspeed thing have this problem. At Techstars one of the founders is a VC, and Lightspeed is itself a VC firm. dupe 50 million pounds? That has to be a typo. We'd consider them. We have sometimes accepted companies that have already had a little funding. We prefer companies that aren't incorporated yet, though, because the paperwork is so much simpler. http://ycombinator.com/faq.html Trusted human editors. Am debugging it now. More that you can't count on any given acquirer. Ok, from now on, restarting the server shouldn't log anyone out. Form submissions will still be lost if a restart happens in the middle, though. really? which ones? This is a real problem. When a partner from WSGR came to speak at YC, I asked her what was the single worst mistake made by inexperienced founders, and she said it was being sloppy with stock. They're all not launched and/or making something new. We find two or three works best. One advantage of three is that you have a third person to defuse any dispute between the other two. But if the two founders have known each other long enough, like Emmett and Justin, you may not need that. Fixed. At news.yc we have a plan for linkjacking: the editors just replace the url with the url of the original source. I'm sure anyone who has to deal with cell carriers would say it was a pain in the ass. But that pain also kills off a lot of competitors. Much of Loopt's success is traceable to the fact that they were one of the few groups, if not the only one, who were both great hackers and willing to endure endless meetings with cell carriers. Really? Do you have a reference? this is a duplicate submission It makes you register to even see anything. What were they thinking? This reminds me of those college rankings where they calculate each college's score by dividing the number of books in the library by the percent of faculty with beards. GI, GO. VCs certainly live in a very chummy world, but their valuations are not stingy. In fact they're artificially high, because the structure of VC funds pushes them to make excessively large investments, and that in turn means valuations have to be high or the founders aren't left with enough stock to keep them interested. I read this sort of pre-announcement as a sign of panic. "Wait! Don't use any of those web-based Photoshop replacements. We're going to write a web-based image editor ourselves." Why pre-announce it? To prevent people from using competitors in the meantime. Why the need to do that? Because Adobe is genuinely afraid of those competitors. MSFT used to do this a lot. It doesn't require you to actually have something in 6 months; if people wait, you've achieved your goal. I'm surprised Arrington bought it. I don't believe they have 1400 applicants. I think that must be a misunderstanding; that may be the number of people who'd asked for info about it. None of her arguments are convincing. In particular, it doesn't matter how many other people are starting startups. It's not as if there's some limit to the total number of startups that can succeed. These talks are from the first two startup schools, not YC dinners. However, I believe all of them except Wozniak have spoken at YC dinners as well. These are the dinner speakers this (winter) batch: http://ycombinator.com/w7speakers.html If it's divided into layers, you could release the substrate as open source and keep some of the uppermost bits. Just a dupe, IIRC. It does in a sense, because it makes it faster to add new features. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. My hunch is that user-generated content still has a long way to run. There were so many people held down by the old narrow-channel world. YC itself is a lot like a user-generated content startup. We encourage young hackers to start their own companies instead of just going to work for existing ones, and we profit (hopefully) by the potential energy thus liberated. done Did you not notice that we use nofollow links? Where this guy goes wrong is that he assumes (without realizing it) that there's some limit on the number of startups there can be. But that's probably not true. No one proposes there's any limit on the number of people who can be employed by companies with thousands of people. Why should there be any limit on how many fragments that effort can be broken into? The average YC founder is about 25. The range so far has been from 19 to (I think) 33. Odd that Bill seems to measure the quality of a hacker by his ability to optimize. For me the test of a good hacker is inventing new kinds of software. Bill's test is probably an artifact of Microsoft's circumstances. Presumably hackers there rarely get to initiate new projects. Sequoia. was this a duplicate? I think this is a promising field. We'd be interested in funding more startups doing search. done done There's now a "best ever" page: http://news.ycombinator.com/best This is now fixed: try the "parent" link. we now have this Now that is an interesting idea. I'll mull over ways to do it. We now have this: the "parent" link. This is now fixed. Every form now does a redirect afterwards. (It turned out to be a lot of work. The software used to think in closures and I had to make it be able to think in urls as well.) I'm considering doing this for questions (i.e. submissions with blank urls). I think it would be a bad idea for stories. Google search is pretty big. Is it a social network? Sequoia in a second, if they actually offered at that stage. If a startup was super good, so good that what a top VC offered was rounding error compared to what the startup could do for itself, they might be better off with angel money, because they could name their terms, and they'd probably get a better valuation. Google did that for their early rounds. But few startups are that hot. We're almost as important as Perez Hilton... Ok, we have profiles: click on your name and put whatever you want in the "about" field. Because it's a good idea? Not that you should start a company with a stranger, though; I would not recommend that. I'll check my mail. Meanwhile I'm marking this dead; nothing personal. Not so fast; we are pretty good at repairing ideas. You're only 21? I would have guessed 26. It's hard to say for sure, but I'd guess it's not off by more than a couple years. YC founders probably differ from the average founder more in how hackerly they are than their age. We have a strong bias toward companies run by the people actually writing the software. You don't have to be a US citizen or resident to own a US company. We'll gradually be adding more features of this type. I thought most of them were funny too. Startups are basically comedies, or at least seem so in retrospect. One thing I've learned from YC is that practically all startups are broken in some way, no matter what face they show to the world. And novel kinds of breakage are the basis of humor. I don't think the idea of winning by having super-duper rocket scientists is antiquated. In fact, I think the world is just learning how fearsome a company can be if they get all the smart people. Yahoo discovered something similar in 1995. At the end of Yahoo search results they'd have links to do the same search at other search engines. People were surprised at their confidence at the time. But it wasn't just confidence: it made Yahoo the natural starting point. I think the appeal is like that of a live show vs listening to a recording.