Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone. I think it's only possible to up vote comments after a day or so, and no longer down vote. So when you say something controversial, the first hours you get a lot of both up- and down votes. But after a while, you only get the up votes. My student newspaper has written about the Moser couple and their research several times [1][2]. It's in Norwegian, though, so not sure how much of use it is to share (edit: apparently we have an English version of the second article, see response to this post). Does anyone have good resources about their research for a layman? Most international articles I've found contain very little other than the same stuff in this press release. [1]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/24478/ett-kart-for-alle-rom/ [2]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/22614/hjernefamilie/ Strawman... I'm neither against build tools nor the idea of a js build tool. Make would basically just run CLI in this instance, so it's exactly what I like. I like maven, but I hate when I need a special maven plugin for the tool I want to use. All these tools expose a nice CLI that can be used, no need to complicate it by adding more abstractions. If it weren't for how Grunt can watch files, I would have scrapped it for our project. Because the config Gruntfile for our build process is impossible to understand and maintain, but the end results are just some simple commands to various tools. Wow, cool to see my thesis here! I posted a picture of it [1] to r/bicycling yesterday titled I managed to make my thesis in computer science be about bicycles! , and it got some traction. I answered some questions in the discussion, if anyone is interested. [1]: https://redd.it/3p8hua Everything seem complicated when you dont properly understand the problem. This post is a good reason for why you shouldn't be picked. But that's not a library. It forces your whole project into a box in which it may not fit. Elm is not without problems as well, although they (him?) are working on the biggest pain-points. Not sure why you are calling off-piste skiing silly, a rich man sport and something one shouldn't do. It's an incredible feeling, lots of fun, and if you have to walk up the mountain first it's a nice nature experience as well. Yes, it can be dangerous, but it's a risk you can manage yourself. So it doesn't have to be very dangerous if one follows common advice and also don't ski where there is a high risk of avalanches. Everything carries a risk, my point was that off-piste skiing doesn't have to be too much more dangerous than more mundane stuff, like driving a car. > I'm having trouble beating a chess program I wrote. Not sure if I'm a bad player or the algorithm is decent Most beginners will lose to even a chess engine that only looks one step ahead, as it will not drop pieces in obvious ways, but the beginner will. Chess.js etc. is great btw. Last time I made some chess ai, most of the time was spent generating possible moves. En passant, promotion and stuff adds complexity. One thing I like about PHP for quick prototyping or one-off projects is that an error doesn't bring the whole server down. For instance, I held a workshop where I hosted a server the students were to do some requests to. I had written a simple Node application that read the json they sent and returned a result. What I didn't anticipate was that them sending malformed json would bring the whole server down. So then I had to add error handling and stuff. Of course one should normally do that, but in PHP the malformed requests would just fail, leaving other requests unharmed, which would be acceptable for this kind of project. You're not refusing my point by insisting on adding more complexity (a huge framework), when simplicity and rapid prototyping of a small script was the goal. This question is what I mean, extra stuff one has to keep in mind: http://stackoverflow.com/q/5999373/923847 Does it matter for a real project? Probably not, just some boilerplate. Does it matter when I want something quick up and running? Yes. Same for games written i Java, by using pooling and not deallocating until a safe spot. Was especially important in early Android, where a GC break would not just feel like minor lag, but actally make a really big stutter. I'd wish they were a bit more futuristic than having 9000 parking spaces. Why not offer buses from where their employees live or other means of transportation? It's easy to say that most people drive, but that's only because everyone always make that the most convenient mode of transportation. With some effort something else could be even more convenient. What does it mean being "supported", given that one already can use Kotlin on Android? One of the things I find hardest with redux is to make reusable components (across projects), as they have to be added to the state tree somewhere, and then connected. With nested components you may get implicit dependencies on where in the tree it should be. All this makes it very cumbersome. So even though most of our apps use Redux, the reusable parts use setState as they then can be completely independent. > In her case, she knows these people personally and they're not fake scripts Still, their opinions aren't trustworthy to me, given they are written by people close to the author. So I could actually agree with FakeSpot on this. Unleash is very powerful. https://github.com/Unleash/unleash I used proxies to make a fun library where you can call arbitrary functions, and it tries to make the function based on the name. For instance declaraoids.findWhereNameEqualsX(persons, {x: "Mats"}); It will generate the function on the fly. https://github.com/Matsemann/Declaraoids > To summarize, it seems like they made some mistakes, microed their services in a knee-jerk attempt to alleviate the symptoms of the mistakes, realized microservices didn't fix their mistakes, finally addressed the mistakes, then wrote a blog post about microservices. You try to remove the critique from microservices, but for me these issues are actually good arguments against microservices. It's hard to do right. As a kid that tinkered with programming/computers before I learned English, this has stuck as something I always misspell. While I agree React isn't the issue here, you chose horrible examples. Loading Facebook on my computer (especially trying to open a chat window) brings my computer to a knee. And using twitter on mobile browser you quickly learn how the spinner looks. > Flaw 2: One common suggestion is to let useState() accept a key argument (e.g. a string) that uniquely identifies a particular state variable within a component. I tried asking about that earlier here on HN[0], nice to finally at least get an explanation. The tldr is name clashes when reusing hooks. A valid concern, I think they should be more upfront about the reasoning instead of "hooks are magic, don't use them in these ways". That would make it easier to accept. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18640612 (and the blogpost in the answer didn't really answer it) This article went viral in Norway, helping lots of parents see the value gaming can have. Very touching how he was confined to a chair, but through RPing online could be whoever he wanted and had a positive impact on many people. Im working for a company that was bought by a private equity in 2015 and taken off the stock market. Then introduced to the market again about two years later. They left us mostly alone, and most things actually turned to the better. Maybe not having to answer to thousands of shareholders gave management the possibility to implement some needed changes. One example was a new salary/bonus/retirement structure giving a huge boost to most of us. So YMMV. Farouk al-Kasim. It's a fascinating story, glad I found this in webarchive as it's now behind a paywall. http://web.archive.org/web/20100123225932/http://www.ft.com/... > You'll regularly get harassed for riding in the street, even when you're all the way to the right I don't even understand the hate for riding in the middle. If a driver were to pass someone riding on the right, he would (should) have to move so far over that the next lane has to be empty. That is the same as if the bicyclist was in the middle. Riding to the right only invites cars to squeeze past. Take the lane, it's safer. > This is everything that is wrong with journalism today. What? It's not manufactured hate by journalists. Minutes after the presentation Twitter, reddit etc buzzed with this. So they only report on what people are reacting to. If the article and reactions are dumb because Apple could have spun this as a $6k monitor, then that's Apple's fault. I held a workshop once where people implemented this (and other image algorithms). The end result can be seen here [0], and the tasks here [1] (but in Norwegian). Can click the "run seam carving" button to watch it unfold step by step. [0]: https://matsemann.github.io/image-workshop/ [1]: https://github.com/Matsemann/image-workshop That's one thing I like with GDPR. It has to be informed consent for a lot of cases. Can't hide it and say you agreed to whatever in a hidden EULA. It actually reminds me of $scope.$watch from Angular 1. Yeah, I've seen lots of comments on how she's a left-wing puppet, or why they didn't get some scientist knowing what they speak about up there instead of a kid. But - Why is caring about climate left-wing? - It's the same people ignoring the scientists, that write this crap, so no, a scientist speaking doesn't solve anthing. Unfortunately. It wouldn't have come to this then. How is this inappropriate for adults? You are free not to like it, but you shouldn't gatekeep others. It's gatekeeping all right. It's a statement about what real adults should like and not. What you're doing is an absurd straw man, please don't behave like that. Yeah, the weeks I spent making that collection was quite mind-bending, hehe. I'd like to read more about this setup! Kudos to him. For all the flack JS gets, ES2015 was a huge boon to the ecosystem and pretty nice. > I've spent most of the last two years working on an in depth technical history of the evolution of JavaScript/ECMAScript from 1995 through 2015. It would be interesting to read. How things came to be the way they are. It's actually quite impressive that the various browsers/companies/etc manage to cooperate at all. In angular 1, if you had a function on the form myApp.controller('MyCtrl', function($myCoolService) { //... }); Angular would see that you are looking for a parameter named myCoolService, see if it already has it, and then inject it when calling your controller. This of course broke in various ways with minification when the parameter names were mangled. So one had the opportunity to use "array syntax", requesting a dependency by a string. Or use a preprocessor in the build script adding the array syntax before minifying. I think this is for data too, not just schemas. When playing with a workshop for this [0], I found it hard to make real-looking trees. Especially when trying to color them, as the recursiveness doesn't really care if you want it to be a branch or a trunk. I have experimented with checking the depth of the stack for the turtle, and using that to draw with a different color/strokweight. But still not sure how to make it look more like a real tree. [1] It's fun to experiment with, though! The image is produced by F: "FF", X: "F+[[X]-FX]-F[F-FX]+X" [0]: https://github.com/FredrikMeyer/lsystems-workshop edit index.js#L102 [1]: https://imgur.com/a/1flZ2b8 One usually just bundles a jre and package the whole thing to a binary[0]. You wouldn't even know the game you're playing is running java. One could probably improve this further with modules and the newer additions to java/jvm (jlink). [0]: https://github.com/libgdx/libgdx/wiki/Bundling-a-JRE GC is also not that big of an issue in these type of games if one's careful of using pools for the various objects, and then release stuff at appropriate times. Looks like IntelliJ has it: - equals() or hashCode() called on java.net.URL object - Map or Set may contain java.net.URL objects https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/list-of-java-inspections... Optimizing my work-life to just sit at home alone all day sounds dystopian. I like biking to work, and meet my colleagues and have some kind of social contact during the 8 hours. If anything, one could optimize for remote teams, not everyone has to be in the same building. And not all companies have to have their office in the same street down town. I forgot my glasses in the hurry to work today, so I might be more susceptible to this than usual, but some of the contrasts are very low. For instance palette 14 the yellow links on white, or palette 10 the yellow links on green, are both impossible to read. Update: Contrast 1.02 according to devtools in firefox. Other than that I like the palettes. Kokichi Sugihara didn't reach quite the top this year with his "Facing-Right Illusion", but he has won multiple years with variations of this concept. Cool that it gets refined each year. I have calculated some of the shapes myself and a few unique ones. They can be seen here: https://www.thingiverse.com/Matsemann/collections/matsemanns... One would normally think that rotating it would create the same shape, but pointing the other way. My arrow here maybe makes it a bit more clear: https://github.com/Matsemann/impossible-objects You have quite overlap between some stuff. I would recommend "Clean Code", but then skip the rest from the same author, at least for a while. While "Code Complete" is good, it's loooong and also a lot of the same stuff. For patterns, "Head First" is a bit childish maybe, but the content is fine for someone learning to recognize patterns. "Patterns of Enterprise..." is also good, but more dry. I'd stick with one of those two. And then skip the one by GoF, unless you want to read the "original" for some reason. "The Pragmatic Programmer" is probably the book that has shaped my work the most. Well, I still read them almost every christmas. At least a few of them. I'd also recommend Brandon Sanderson. Mistborn series is very good, and Stormligh Archive is good so far. I really like his world-building, and I think the way he uses magic is something most HNers would approve of. It's often well defined, and the characters try to exploit it the same way a reader would. Watered down is a feature. Code bases with Scala tends to be unreadable for people not well versed in the language. Kotlin is mostly just a better Java. So it's easier to introduce. And the interop is first class, so it's really easy to mix and match java and kotlin, which also makes it easier to gradually introduce. Is there a limit to what one can do with these six characters? Like, now we're reading values from the string "false". We also could read from "true", and maybe undefined (how?). But can one do more? If one can generate "window", one should be able to call functions through window["functionName"]() and do general computing with this, I think? Curios, why post this? Aren't most films subsidized in some ways, even the huge successful ones? Lots of communities bend over backwards to get them to come and film. Tax breaks, cheap studio rent or whatever. New york gave out $621M a year in tax breaks, that's as much as $31 dollar per person living there, according to wikipedia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Movie_production_incentives_in... Firefox for android supports addons, though, so can be customized to do anything. I can't believe people use Chrome om Android when you can have Fx with ad blocking! For your problem, I use an addon called "simple gesture" that allows me to add all kinds of gestures/actions. My experience and what's often echoed here on HN is that Fx is better with multiple tabs, as Chrome's one process per tab can hog too many resources. With Fx, that actually has a usable history search in theaaddress bar (Chrome wants you to google), I also really don't need to keep stuff open not to lose it. Containers in Fx makes this super-easy, try it out. - access data: probably because the gesture is actually done inside the page you're viewing, so it has to be able to capture that - clipboard: it was a feature requested, for gestures to be able to work with the clip board: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/android/addon/simple-gestur... So just recently added for that reason I consider that a feature. Nothing stops you from only using a single and different container per window, though. > was a set of data breaches on the platform and the internal answer was to not announce it and put the blame on me In Europe this could be a violation of GDPR not to report it. If so, they would hurt themselves more by spreading this. https://gdpr-info.eu/art-33-gdpr/ I don't really find that the way it's hinged make any big difference. So I've never used that to consider if a scissor is left or right handed. The problem is when it's not symmetrical. For instance the Fiskars [0], is impossible to get the thumb through when using the left hand. [0]: https://imgur.com/a/bN3XkHp I hope you see the difference between fake praise and harrassment. "Both sides are wrong" doesn't mean they are equally bad. People have probably been happy with their tools for centuries. Just because one cannot imagine something better doesn't mean there's no possibility for it to exist. If anything, this defeatist attitude may prove the author right. > This implies that the parent's sentiment about git is negative. No, I meant defeatist as in "I have given up finding something better as it will never exist". Maybe, but that has nothing to do with my point. I was happy copying my files back in the days for versioning ( final_draft, final_draft01, final_draft_absolute_final, final_draft_use_this_one ), but that was because I didn't know of anything better. What I'm saying is that even though we don't see it now, there's probably something better out there waiting to be discovered. As he said, a sub domain is often considered a separate domain when it comes to SEO. His other arguments about naming seems rather hand-wavy, though. Security-wise, a subdomain can also be a different origin. Which is often positive, so a flaw in your blogging software doesn't allow someone to extract cookies or so from the main site. Is this FUD or do you have anything to back this up with? If anything, it's better to be able to read the actual paper than someone else's reporting on it. Far too often mainstream news prints "Eat X to cure Y". Having access to the paper one can better see if the claims are even worth considering. > I have met quite a number of professors who would surely expel me from the university if I had scanned an expensive textbook and shared it with other students, yet they magically support SciHub. That's because textbooks is a scam the professors are in on and profit off. In Norway the student loan is from the government, and everyone qualifies. > I've lived in a Scandinavian country with similar quantities most of my life but I can't recall a single time lost property came back But my experience is the opposite: Managed to leave my backpack on a bench in the busiest part of Oslo S when taking the train with too much skis and stuff so I forgot it in the struggle. Anyone could have just snatched it walking by, but instead someone saw it was unattended and delivered it at some lost&found so I got it back a week later. Also in Oslo, I forgot my laptop at the table on an outside cafe. When I came back to fetch it a few hours later it was still where I left it. So while there probably can be differences between countries, I also think it's too easy to extract too much from one's own experiences, which may not be typical. No, one can now produce snow in ambient temperatures up to 25C. It gets a bit slushy, though, but when the snow heap is big enough it gets almost self sustained. It just costs a lot and is not environmentally friendly to use so much power to cool down the water in the snow cannons. Locally they are experimenting on heat pump technology, and to use the excess heat to something useful. Then it might be more viable. Probably cannot do it in too high temperatures, but a bit above freezing should work. Here, they have also experimented on building a gigantic heap of snow at the end of the season, and covering it so it doesn't melt too much during summer. Then it's easier to lay artificial snow on top in the fall, or the natural snow that occurs doesn't just melt when hitting the ground. Don't be flippant. As someone growing up in the mountains, the ski resort is the one thing keeping the wheels turning. Loosing it will actually quite literally mean forcing us out of our homes. > Due to the high prices of ski resort tickets and bad snow conditions many (like myself) started to pick it up. If anything, ski touring is often more expensive (gear wise, might save on the ski pass if not starting from the top of a lift). It also has a bigger dependency on snow quality if one want a fun ski experience and isn't mainly in it for the touring part. > and just because someone has the time to write a patch doesn't mean they have the desire or time to run a project But at the same time, why should the original author do it? No one is paying for his or hers time. I wonder how many innocent plead guilty in a plea bargain, just because they don't have the resources to fight the charges. Quite perverse incentives. > strange to include in this list (like "memory corruption" - in case of faulty memory, everything is in danger, not only database) But theoretically one could build something that handles up to X random bit flips, so it's maybe worth mentioning that sqlite doesn't handle this (even though probably no one else does as well) The conference in Oslo is going from a single day to two-days this year, so not stalling here so far I think. https://osloelmdays.no/ > that is a really short list But was it a well-known list before this? I hadn't seen it, and know of a few projects that could have been on there. What I'd like the list to include, though, is some references to the companies discussing using Elm. Pros and cons, the scale to which it is used etc. For instance for Vy there is this blog post: https://blogg.bekk.no/using-elm-at-vy-e028b11179eb For 3., we use elm-git-install https://github.com/Skinney/elm-git-install You have been outed for spewing elm-hate just yesterday, and now you're all over this thread as well https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22236258 Be careful taking his words as a correction, he is being toxic about elm all over the place. I got approached from Packt publishing based on a github repo. Thought it was cool at the time, but later I felt maybe it was a bit like recruiterspam on linkedin, I just got hit by some keyword filter, as my repo wasn't particularly exciting. The Angular1 apps I wrote around that time are still running as well. The question is about maintaining them. Did you try to actually upgrade the react version? Lots and lots of breaking changes in that time, some really major ones along the way. Especially when upgrading react also forced one to change router etc. Had to check. Lycos/tripod is still hosting a stupid website me and some friends made a bit after 2000 (2004?). The cost is probably none (some static files), but I'm impressed they haven't just removed it or lost it during all these years. Stagnant and probably no visitors other than us the weekend we made it. Edit: the glory: http://moj24.tripod.com/ animated background, marquee and right-click blocking script in case someone tried stealing our content I tried to upvote you about HNs great mobile design, but the buttons are so small I accidentally downvoted ;) Wordfeud (similar app) made $4M in ads in 2018, not shabby for a single person company. It's now ten years since it launched and had the hype. Crazy. > Blog posts, sign-up pages, and other reading material can't be tried out, so can't be Show HNs. From https://news.ycombinator.com/showhn.html Edit: The title has removed show hn now > JWT tokens authenticate the client, not the user I think it's both. It just doesn't authorize the user for anything special. But > Did you win the Putnam? [0] [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35076 > unfinished projects Just redefine the scope, or the success criteria! If the project's purpose was to learn or experiment with X, it doesn't matter that it's not a polished product, it still served its purpose and as such can be considered done.