> I like that AMP forced publishing companies to take a hard look at page performance, for the first time in a while. True and false. It forced companies to pay attention to page performance... and then create an entirely separate version of every page they have, using up valuable developer time that could have been spent making the original pages faster. Google should (and now/soon are?) assess the performance of the page and rank it accordingly, not force everyone to make two versions of their site. But this is where the sneaky part of AMP comes in: they wanted that side-swiping carousel that meant you never engaged deeply with any one site and instead stayed on google.com (and kept those google.com ad cookies, natch). There was no way to force people into that without AMP. ...how do you think those AMP pages got made other than with valuable developer time? AMP versions of sites aren't just magicked out of thin air! Without "valuable developer time" there are no AMP sites. I think the point you're actually making is that without AMP forcing these sites to be faster, they would still be slow. Which I agree with. But as I said in my original post, Google ranking sites according to their performance would have the exact same effect as forcing AMP on people, except that it would let sites choose their own implementation rather than be strong-armed into one controlled by Google. > The parent argument was that the time spent differently would have the same effect. Again, no. The argument was that time spent focused on page performance would have the same effect. If Google punished slow pages in rankings that is all the incentive needed, not the creation of an entirely new platform. > Integrates with my watch and phone in such a way that I don’t even have to pull it out to pay. That’s contactless payment. Entirely possible without any Apple anything. A more cynical person might say that one of Apple’s strengths is marketing commoditised capabilities as something special. Ehhhh. Self driving cars have been just around the corner for a long time now. Not saying it won’t happen, but I wouldn’t buy a Tesla today on the assumption that it’ll happen within the lifetime of that car. That isn’t a very helpful comment. Perhaps you could illuminate us? Rust also lets you avoid atomics by using structs that implement Send. Having an async function return such a struct is a lot easier to map mentally (for me, at least) I think the OP was using examples from a different ecosystems to demonstrate how such a consensus could be reached, if people wished for it. I think your comments have made that clear. Which is fair enough. But I imagine others feel differently. I think the biggest reason is simply that esbuild hasn’t been around for that long and isn’t as customisable as Webpack. The latter point is important: if esbuild wants to introduce more customisability it’ll need to use more JS, and be slower. Because there’s a very small defined set of actions a person can take in such games: backwards, forwards, left, right, etc. By comparison pages have dozens of links, form fields, menus, etc. It’s not that they can’t be navigated with the keyboard alone, it’s that it’s rarely the most efficient way of doing it. Clicking a link will always be quicker than pressing tab X number of times to select it. Why is keyboard use the pinnacle of UI? Pretty much every device has some kind of mouse-like device attached to it, and trackpads with good scrolling (e.g. Apple ones) are a wonderfully intuitive way to control movement. I get that HN likes using the keyboard for stuff like terminals, I do too. But web pages aren’t terminal applications. The situation you’re describing is one where trained professionals use one and only one UI. Web sites aren’t like that. They’re used by a vast number of people of differing technical ability, and different sites do incredibly different things. I’m not saying a keyboard UI is never right. I’m saying that it isn’t universally right. Everyone says that Apple’s business is selling hardware but that’s changing. Apple Music, Apple TV, iCloud storage and their commission on app sales are all clear software incentives. Yes, they’re still dominated by hardware sales but it’s obvious they are interested in diversifying. Count me among those people. The U.K. is home to some absolutely wonderful people but those in power (and those who wish to be close to that power) are depressingly small thinkers, to me. Their vision is locked on a semi-fictional past where Great Britain was an exceptional country without fault or failure. They want to recapture something that never existed and are willing (if not eager) to throw away a position that was enviable for those in and out of the EU. I knew someone that worked at Apple around the launch of the iPhone. They worked on the macOS (then OSX, I guess) team and said they had very little idea that the iPhone was coming, despite it heavily using OS work they’d done. They were called into a few meetings and asked obscure questions but were never told why. So I guess that helps. But it seems wildly inefficient to me. I guess it helps to have a giant pile of cash. This is really cool but I doubt this is now PICO8 works, since PNG lets you create arbitrary chunks of data that standard decoders will ignore: > All ancillary chunks are optional, in the sense that encoders need not write them and decoders can ignore them. http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/spec/1.2/PNG-Chunks.html I stand corrected! I maintain it’s an odd choice given the availability of alternatives, but I suppose it’s all in good fun. IMO it’s a different question. SQLite and Postgres are both relational databases, it stands to reason that they’re at least doing things in similar ways. They’re two implementations of the same idea(ish). A graph database is something else altogether. Grafting that capability onto a relational database has the potential to perform horribly. It’s a bad analogy, but SQLite to Postgres is like AMD vs Intel x86 CPUs, whereas a graph database is ARM. Can it be emulated? Yes. Is there a far greater potential for slowdown? Yes. I got a Roku device too, and just didn't connect it to the internet. Works fine for me. I'd still prefer an unconnected option, but this will do. I’ll admit I’m in the same boat as the OP: overwriting accessors in this way sets off alarm bells internally based on my own past experience of writing code that’s too clever for its own good. But to turn this on its head, can you give an example of the kind of divine, really nice solution you’d get from using this? > they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills to manage a Mongo DB According to the post they paid Mongo a lot of money for support and they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills either. It sounds to me like the core problem is their requirement to run Mongo on their own AWS stack rather than Mongo’s, and while Mongo claimed to support it seems like they didn’t really. No doubt this was a huge migration but from my personal perspective going from Mongo to Postgres feels like a move in the right direction in the long term. For one you have a lot more options for support! I see this as something different: the sign of a mature product. What are competitors doing that Google Maps isn’t? Maybe I’m missing something but I see no significant features. (Not to mention, the Maps API != Google Maps the product) > So if people had been allowed to take experimental vaccines, the pandemic would have been a lot better. > In this circumstance as well, taking a chance is worth it. Nope nope nope nope. This is the literal example of survivor bias. You can't look at the results and use them to inform prior behaviour. The vaccine could have had catastrophic side effects. One extra problem with Amazon is that a lot of products are sold by third party merchants and their site UX seems to deliberately obscure the fact. Same goes for Walmart, though I have less experience using them. If I order from Amazon, from Amazon, I tend to have good experiences. If I order third party from Amazon it’s a crap shoot. There’s such a long tail of it, too: I still see ADC connectors in hotel room phone docks, etc. People care about seasons and regularity a great deal. I know that it’s warm in the summer, so I’ll book a beach holiday then. Moving my vacation plans by a few weeks every few years to ensure they’re still in good weather would be a nightmare. Not least because people would probably want school holidays to match that time period. The calendar feels very illogical and made up compared to most measurement systems but there’s a reason why they are what they are! A much more realistic proposal would be to just give people every other Friday off. Or work one Friday a month, something like that. A “body”/a person. I suspect the OP is from the U.K. or Australia or similar, it’s slang there. I suppose it’s kind of a gender neutral version of the U.S. “guy”. I think it’s that the tests aren’t run, and consequently, they don’t guarantee the tests pass, which means it might not behave exactly the same as a tier 1 platform. So the difference is bigger than just tests. I still think that’s an overgeneralisation. I’d say make sure you can be content with your work. But would I trade half the fulfilment for double the salary? You bet I would. My family could have a better life, I could do more exciting things in my spare time, I could even make sure my children have a better education, etc etc. It all goes back to what the OP was saying: it depends what’s most important to you. I agree that it’s not abusive but “blood money” and “drug lord” is pretty absurd language to use. I’m sure it’s the result of passion but it undermines the point rather than aids it. I tried Jellyfin but the front end apps (Apple TV, Roku etc) are either non existent or very inferior compared to Plex. It’s a shame because the server worked great for my purposes (even has the DVR functionality I use in Plex!). I suppose it just highlights how difficult it actually is to do this stuff: sharing a front end across multiple incompatible platforms is something an open source project struggles to do. Plex seems like they’re in a bind. They need to diversify their user base because their current one is very heavily based on people sharing pirated content (every time I point this out someone says they they only use Plex with Blurays they’ve legally purchased and ripped... and good for you! But you’re not close to the normal user) and I figure they’re in constant fear of legal action shutting them down. At least the streaming, DVR etc functionality allows them to make a plausible claim that people use their product for entirely legal means. I’ve gotten enough value out of my lifetime subscription that I won’t feel cheated if Plex disappears, but it’s good to know solutions like Jellyfin are nearly there when/if it does. Unfortunately I make heavy use of the DVR functionality (live TV, TV guide, looking at upcoming recordings etc) that both Jellyfin and Plex provide, but third party clients like Infuse ignore. But thanks for the suggestion! Who knows, maybe I’ll be able to pair Infuse with some kind of third party DVR client in the future. Apple TV only I think. Why can't you take issue with both? No difference for Biden, but a significant difference for the Senate, who staff panels with the power to investigate Facebook. Not totally the same as React as you still need to transpile JSX in most scenarios. I suspect that’s what they’re getting at. That's why I said "in most scenarios". Every React codebase I've ever worked in has used JSX. You just admitted that "it's common". That's another way of saying "in most scenarios". I don't know why you're splitting hairs like this. I reject the idea of an “other side” here. It’s very popular to bucket these things into black and white binaries but I don’t buy it. There are people who are on the fringes, both left and right, and then there are a lot of people who fit somewhere in the middle. Even “left” and “right” is a vast oversimplification at times. When you start to think about it that way the perspective you’ve outlined doesn’t make a lot of sense. Should these people have legally nonsensical court cases heard simply because they’re a minority group and we need to ensure diversity in plaintiffs or something? Overall, the argument only makes sense if there is some innate “right to be heard” that these people are being deprived of. There isn’t. There have been fringe movements that weren’t indulged by society at large for thousands of years, I’m not sure why any obligation would have changed. I actually think that Trump, of all people, is the worst to try to make that case with. At the click of his fingers he’ll have cameras from every major news network and reporters from every newspaper in a room to listen to what he says. Inevitably whatever he does say will be on Twitter instantly. Not that it matters that much because the majority of the country aren’t even on Twitter. They read about his tweets in news reports. I don’t buy that Twitter is a source of power for Trump. It is his communication medium of choice, certainly. But his power has always been in making controversial statements that generate headlines. He doesn’t need Twitter for that. I’d throw a note of caution in the opposite direction though: as a group, HN are very atypical users of social media. Every time there’s a post about Facebook one of the most upvoted comments is someone saying they deleted Facebook. Societally speaking that’s super weird. I still have Facebook but even then, over the holidays I saw the feeds of some older relatives and it was unlike anything I’ve seen before. An absolute mess of corrosive disinformation. Even knowing about it, I still don’t know it well. I don’t live in it. I can’t speak about it authoritatively. And it’s not even like, say, a subreddit. You can’t wander in and take a look, it’s all private to the user. I don’t know whether the current censorship moves are wise or not, but as a group we’re not exposed to the reason the censorship is taking place. The HN crowd tends to lean towards free speech absolutism (as does the internet at large), which feels like a good reflex in general. But there’s mitigating context here and I don’t know that we (as a group) are the best people to talk to it. “typical” in the sense that there are lots of examples of it, yes. But “typical” in the sense that it’s something the majority of people do... absolutely not. My social circle is full of people that deleted FB. But when I step outside that circle not being on FB is very rare. There’s a base assertion in your comment that all Presidents should be treated equally. If one President lies by an order of magnitude more than other Presidents, shouldn’t they be treated differently? Any muted video can already auto play, irrespective of format. Still accessible via the web, of course (and from what I understand Parler is a PWA that can be installed to the homescreen). From my understanding of the reasoning behind deplatforming I think there comes a point where it isn’t worth chasing any more. The aim isn’t to remove the sites entirely, but to make it difficult enough to find that people won’t just stumble across them or seamlessly follow a link to them. Last I heard Stormfront still exists on Tor and presumably still serves a dedicated audience. But I imagine it has a considerably larger problem attracting new readers than it used to. But individual deposits were guaranteed were they not? I bought $100 worth in 2014 when it was $580. Now I wish I'd bought $1000. But of course I never would have, because it was a crazy risk at the time, and still is today. I see the parallel you're trying to draw here but it doesn't make a lot of sense. I'm pretty sure the US was going to war in Iraq no matter what NYT said, but I'm happy to be proven wrong. The faulty NYT reporting gave the government a certain level of cover to allow them to do what they already planned to do. Parler was a forum for participants to discuss and actively plan sedition. And there's already violence threatened in the days around inauguration so it stands to reason it could have served the same role again. This is hyperbolic in the extreme, and to blame "woke employees" with everything going on right now is just plain silly. When deciding whether to choose to host your services with AWS you can answer a simple question: are you planning on violating their terms of service? If the answer is yes, do not use AWS. Depends how much spare money you have. Yes, Hunter Biden is under investigation. But the investigation Glenn wrote about was separate, and a transparent fraud. > Thousands of individuals who by and large wanted to try out a competitor to Facebook That is a very, very generous take. And if that's all users were doing then their data being breached is regrettable but not world ending. > The figures need the media more than the media needs them. That's where generalizing to "the media" causes problems, though. They do need some media to stay relevant, but can absolutely stay with sympathetic media outlets that will never challenge them. Ted Cruz need never give an interview to the likes of Axios for the rest of his career and he'll be absolutely fine with just Fox News. How do you order the column with dry information in it? How do you choose what gets included in that column and what doesn't? Where is the information for that column even coming from, are all sources of info equally trustworthy? It's going to need editing no matter what, and any process of editing introduces bias. I don't understand. These outlets were obliged to publish positive stories about Trump because they interviewed people who liked him? Wouldn't it be important to counterbalance anecdotal interviews with people you met on the street? Thank you for a very clear example of the exact downplaying that's been discussed. > Basically a bunch of beer belly rednecks False. Was a huge mix of people, including very well off folks, off duty police officers and former military. Flying to DC on a week day is not exactly a working class pursuit. > broke into a building after a protest/rally was over, yelled Amongst other things they were yelling that they wanted to kill the Vice President. Five people died. You can claim their shouts to kill the VP were bluster if you'd like, but personally I'm in no doubt that things could have gone south very, very quickly if they'd found Pence, Pelosi or anyone else. Just watching the video footage of the violence is enough of a hint of that. > with no plan whatsoever To an extent I agree with you here. It was a mess of anger and resentment, not a convert military operation. But there were also pipebombs, and the current theory is that they were going to be used to distract Capitol police. People arrived with plastic zip ties to be used as hand cuffs. It doesn't require the whole mob to be organized, it just needs a small group within that mob. Just because the plan was not successful does not mean there was no plan. Incorrect. Take the example of Sherrod Brown, Democratic senator from Ohio. If he leaves office or dies the Republican governor, Mike DeWine, picks his replacement. He is in no way obliged to pick a Democrat. Edit now that you’ve changed the structure of your commend entirely: you’re just engaging in whataboutism now. You said that killing a senator could not change the balance of power. I explained that it was in fact quite possible, then you started discussing the protests that occurred over the summer (and the White House absolutely was not “stormed”, for what it’s worth!) > My coworkers would talk about tax payers in a demeaning tone - as if they rightfully owed us something. But... they do? Tax payers use public services every day. I get what you’re saying but if someone opted to not pay taxes surely it wouldn’t be fair for them to drive on public roads, or use public transit? Or drink water provided by city-maintained pipes? How on earth would you enforce that? If someone wished to live a life where they used absolutely zero tax payer funded things how would they even start? > I encourage anyone working for their “public sector” and especially tax departments to think about the morality of your work Many years ago I worked for a local government authority. It’s honestly some of the most rewarding work I’ve done before or since. I created pages and backend tools for people to look up trash collection, how to vote, what’s going on at their local recreation centres, so on. All of those things played a part in creating community. And yes, they were paid for by taxes. Which meant no ads, no up sell, no invasive tracking, no monetisation to worry about. I could just make a tool that served people. The tools I created are probably already long gone, but the community still exists. When I’m old I don’t think I’ll have the slightest regret about the work I did. The two years I spent at a startup, burning myself out to create a product that failed and has since vanished from the earth? I’ll regret that more. > That's not really the point. It's a question of whether the expectation is reasonable That’s a made up point, though. The AWS contract makes no mention of “reasonable effort” or anything like that. Yes, it is worthwhile to compare moderation on Parler to that of FB etc, but it has no bearing on whether Amazon had the right to terminate Parler’s contract, which they absolutely did. Within the context of that discussion the comparison to FB and Twitter is just whataboutism. They aren’t Parler and they aren’t hosted by AWS. And yet, the top 10 posts on Facebook yesterday: 1. Franklin Graham 2. Dan Bongino 3. Fox News 4. Ben Shapiro 5. Dan Bongino 6. Ben Shapiro 7. Dan Bongino 8. TWICE 9. The New York Times 10. Ben Shapiro Source: https://twitter.com/facebookstop10/status/134939331795225395... If FB was overwhelmingly left leaning, why are almost all of its most popular posts from right wing outlets? You’re extrapolating a lot here. Silicon Valley employees support Democrats, therefore any censorship Silicon Valley firms do is at the orders of the Democratic Party? Show the evidence of that. Ignoring what the (largely powerless) ground level employees of the tech giants do, the chief execs of these companies lobby both Democrats and Republicans. No matter who is in power, money talks. I suspect that’s why even though there’s a huge amount of evidence that folks like Ben Shapiro have violated FB rules for gaming the feed there has been no action taken. FB has spent the last four years courting Republicans, now they’ll court Democrats. That’s the real problem but it’s certainly easier to pretend it’s a party-specific problem that would solved if only the other people were in charge. [deleted] [deleted] Funny, De Blasio was sold as a good idealist when he first ran. And he was. Unfortunately. we discovered that the idealism did not translate to everyday competence. I see some dangers of that in Yang's proposals, too. He wants the city to take ownership of the subway. Great. I'd like that too. But Cuomo has absolutely no intention of letting that happen. Absent any detail of how he'll change that, what am I even voting for? I think that would be good for tech-specific things. But improving schools or public housing isn't much of a tech problem. I don’t think the OP is suggesting Apple have dominion over the word. But the word in combination with this UI would be difficult to defend in court. To me the fact that Ngram shows the word “patriotism” on the decline throws doubt on using it for any measure like this. Within the US “patriotism” is used very commonly. It leads me to wonder whether Ngram leans too heavily on scientific or academic literature and not on the words that people actually use in everyday conversation. Does Ngram scan social media, TV or (to a lesser extent) newspapers? If not I’m dubious about the utility here. I’d be interested to see a citation on that. But even still, couldn’t those renewables be used for other applications if Bitcoin isn’t using them? > will turn off when rates are high But doesn’t Bitcoin directly contribute to rates rising? Supply and demand, and all that. I don’t really think those are fair comparisons. For one, the PlayStation network provides entertainment. I know from a hard economic perspective that might not be “valuable”, but it is. People need entertainment. And I’m sure the PS network is more energy efficient than everyone driving half an hour to a movie theatre, or something. By comparison Bitcoin provides nothing other than itself. It’s price is almost entirely powered by speculation at this point. To put it another way: if the PS network disappears tomorrow it will have still entertained millions. If Bitcoin crashes tomorrow, it leaves nothing. I’d argue that “valuable for humans” is brushing over something: is Bitcoin valuable for humans as a collective or is it valuable for a small minority who stand to gain from it? From my view, and despite the initial promises of Bitcoin, it’s being used by people of means to get even more money than they already have. ... but doesn’t consume anywhere near the levels of power that Bitcoin does. Strongly agreed. Having lived in the US for a good number of years now I can see how the idea of vans roaming looking for TV viewers is baffling, but the public TV offering by the BBC, while definitely not perfect, is miles ahead of both the public and network offerings on US TV (though credit to the likes of PBS and NPR for doing miraculous work with a fraction of the budget!). I even got my start in computing from the BBC Micro machines at school. “reign in authoritarianism”?!? It’s not dissimilar to a tax audit. Heaven forbid we could all be a little less hysterical. I regularly see the BBC criticised by both sides for being one sided. I’m not saying that’s a get out of jail free card but from your comment I genuinely don’t know which side you come down on, which surely says something. I don't mean to dismiss the complaint. Public media news is weird: it's funded by the government, but it should criticise the government. There's a tension there. But looking at the US news landscape I see that for-profit news is just as if not more compromised. On the flip side that post illustrates just how things can go wrong, too: Windows RT was a flop. I feel this very acutely, though as a parent of a small child the reasons for my particular inefficiency might be different than others. But there is something about the mental exhaustion all this causes. I do still have some free time here and there. In the "normal times" I'd be twiddling around with a side project, but all I do now is watch TV or play video games. I dislike it: I feel like I'm wasting time. But my brain is also utterly fried and the idea of engaging too deeply just feels impossible. It's weird that we expect Github to do that, in a way. The repo might well be hosted on there for free, but we all want Github to spend a ton in legal fees to defend something they make zero cash from. I'm not sure what my point is here other than finding it sad that code hosting is so centralised. Pay for a recurring service via a one-off payment? What could go wrong?! Aside from that, a TV license is £157 a year. Let's say a TV lasts three years (which feels conservative, pretty sure I had my last TV for eight), you'd need to get the buyer to pay an extra £471 when they purchase their TV. How is front-loading such a payment in the interests of the viewer? Not to mention you don't have to pay the fee if you're only watching streaming services like Netflix. > The mods really have no reason removing posts, outside of clear violating posts that may break laws, since the users can choose what they want to see with the upvote and downvote button. I have to disagree. My counterpoint would be the AskHistorians subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/ Admittedly, I'm a history nerd, but it's probably the most interesting subreddit I've found yet. And it's full of deleted comments, because they have a very strict criteria about what can and cannot be posted. The system absolutely works for them. I'm not saying every subreddit should be organised the way theirs is, but I'm glad they are able to do what they do. IMO, transparency is good. By all means make a public log showing what admins have done. But don't limit what they can do. You don’t need the guns if you have people on the inside. And a good number of the rioters seemed really quite surprised when law enforcement fought back against them. After all, they were carrying Blue Lives Matter flags, surely the cops are on their side! (and besides, there were a good number of people with guns at the protest. And some others brought pipe bombs. Thankfully neither ended up being a factor but no one would have known that at the time) As I said, they did have weapons. Not an overwhelming amount of them certainly, but more than enough to pose a threat if they managed to capture Nancy Pelosi. And again: if you have the support of the police (and potentially also the armed forces) it’s all pretty moot anyway. "Thousands of data points" sounds awfully scientific. Can you show me the dataset? Or are you using the word "data" in a more abstract sense here? I'm not well versed enough to know if what you say about /r/uk or /r/europe is true, but I'm quite sure /r/askhistorians is not the only well run subreddit on the site. You're just picking examples of subreddits you say are badly run and using them as evidence that all other subs should suffer because of them. Doesn't sound scientific at all. > They should not even get filters imo. If it makes their job harder, then so be it. > That being said, one sub that I've found really nicely monitored is the r/casualuk sub. Politics is a strict no no, and they have some sort of bot to filter out such content based on keywords. You don't see the incoherence in these two statements? It sounds a lot like your actual complaint here is that you don't like perceived persecution of your personal politics, and if moderation doesn't touch that then you have no problem with it at all. > Google shows links or a small snippet of news articles, a user may decide hey I want to read that and clicks the link and goes to the media outlets website to read more. This is driving traffic to media websites? That is how it would work if Google presented simple search results, like they always have. But their snippets are different: they try to extract an answer to the users actual query. So if they’re doing their job correctly the user actually won’t visit the site, because they will have been given all they need by Google. I’m undecided about whether this law is actually a good idea, but I can see the point. A contrived example: I want wonder “how much damage was caused by last week’s hurricane?”. A newspaper might have assigned a reporter to covering the hurricane, and they’d call up various local authorities that can estimate this kind of thing, then write an article containing that info. All salaried work that cost money. Along comes Google, grabs the relevant paragraph, and shows it on my search results page. No need for me to click, no money goes to the newspaper. Where I am (NYC) you absolutely can get a haircut. Both you and the barber wear masks. But I know other places are locked down tighter. > Why can't barbershops switch to an appointment based system where they only have one person in the shop at the time? There can’t be only one person in the shop at a time, there must be at least one customer and one barber. And even if the barber only has one customer at a time they still represent a notable infection risk, if they are contagious they could infect a dozen people a day. > The risk of infection can't be more than that of medical personnel who have to treat Covid patients if proper standards are applied. Of course. But the two aren’t anywhere close in terms of their necessity. Can the footage be trusted? From my understanding Tesla has only rolled this out to a small number of users, browsing the YT search results you’ve provided I see that almost all the results are Tesla super fan accounts. I don’t think it’s unreasonable to disregard this until you see an objective assessment in the field. Oh, Plex. Bless you for trying to move beyond your customer base that serves huge amounts of pirated video, I do hope you succeed (I say this sincerely as a lifetime pass holder). An aside but I do find it darkly comic that we're now streaming retro games. The ROMs are at most a few MB big but this service will burn through that in seconds. Jellyfin is an open source fork of Emby, they went closed source a while ago. When I tested it the Jellyfin server worked great. But the client apps were terrible in comparison to Plex. It's like magic when it works. But in my experience a bunch of times it doesn't work and it's really not clear why. A shame because as you say, when it works, it works great. I think that what it's doing is sufficiently complex that the API is always going to be difficult. As long as abstractions like PeerJS exist I'm OK with that. That story in particular jumps out at me. This is being described as a rebellion against rich Wall Street bankers by the everyday people... but who has $50K sitting around for investments like this? Don't get me wrong, I think a lot of people buying are full of rage at Wall Street. But I think they might get even angrier when they realize who made off with most of the money in the end. That maybe be what he says. I’m dubious. Not sure if I missed something but did the government intervene here? I thought it was all private entities that stopped the trading? But it kind of goes against the story that this is “the people” against Wall Street. “The people”, by and large, do not have a ton of spare gambling money sitting around. “Upper middle class folks with spare disposable income vs Wall Street” isn’t quite as persuasive a hook, though. So, the SEC is hands off and encourages self regulation, so any instance of self regulation is considered government intervention? CNBC is like that, sure. But I’ve found articles in places like Bloomberg and NYT to be quite even handed about it all. If I recall the NYT article even ends with a quote from a pastor’s wife(!): “eat the rich”. Robinhood was always owned by the same Wall Street fat cats its users hate. They even sell the data on what retail investors are buying in real time to allow industry investors to take advantage of it. If anything it’s amazing that it took this long for anyone to notice. > Now the 'Dumb Money' has figured out the the hedge funds'rigged game. After everyone threw a ton of money into the market the hedge funds control. “Dumb money” doesn’t feel like an inappropriate nickname.