I remember realizing that I could use JavaScript to fake include()s so I wouldn't have to update every page on my crappy middle school website. Don't use your gmail (ebay, paypal, ...) password for ANYTHING else. For some reason, it thinks I'm not in America. I'm a guy, and I couldn't care less about the NBA, Howard Stern, or James Bond trivia without spraining something. What exactly IS "girl stuff"? The article didn't mention a single example of what a "girl link" is, except jokingly mentioning a few sexist ideas. No more hurtful than seeing current species stuck in a zoo. Clutching a clump of mammoth hair and watching a count-down from inside a teleporter booth. It would make sense to me that every cell in your body is in a polygamist marriage, which is you, which can in turn marry other things. But does that mean that your liver cell is married to your partner's brain cell? Not at all. What this means is that marriages are potential partners as well! Model that. I strongly disagree with his opinions, too; I went to see him speak, and it was a great presentation until the end where he somehow spiralled off into a tirade about gay marriage killing society. But I don't care. He writes (mostly) great books and he'll keep getting my money so long as he keeps it up. A customer decided they wanted each order placed on their site to have an 4-character alphanumeric designation. It took surprisingly little time to encounter "SH1T" during testing. You're besieged by idiots on all side. What else is there to do but drink? It's still pretty impressive, and puts us one step closer to my dream of having a camera with me wherever I go, ready at a moment's notice. I think that largely depends on what type of website they are working on. I think the majority of our clients' users are still on IE. 6. :( Ever since a high school teacher busted me for starting an end-of-term paper only three days prior, I've always copied the final copies of any documents I've had to submit anywhere into a clean document created the morning the submission was due. I'm glad that the habit I learned still has value past high school & college. You noticed someone's shoes? You're not one of us... We've all seen Speed! You could just put that on a loop. The rolling TV screen is less important than the rolling camera. Or perhaps just 45 seconds of a baby crying or nails on a chalk board? I'm 100% certain that I'd find a way to make one of these explode when I sat down, covering my wallet, money and ID in a sticky mess. Which would make it pretty tough to get into bars. Methamphetamines, man. Wouldn't it be easier to use a different browser instead of creating multiple accounts? With the limit of one burger per customer, the maximum value is (users * whopper_cost), bringing the ceiling to 360 million dollars. It should actually be a little less, since at some point there will only be 9 users who will have missed out on the flurry of unfriending, like victims of a fattening ponzi scheme. Except the assembly-line environment worked great in its context. 5540905. Can't believe I remembered that. It sort of rhymes in my head. I remember my number, but not any of my old phone numbers or addresses. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus. Obviously. Eh, I already saw this in the season finale of Reboot. I'm pretty sure we need to find Hexadecimal. I don't know about e-mail - I've been locked out of several accounts, and have had a few scary false-positives with my spam filter. On the other hand, I doubt any spam is going to come from a .gov domain... Trying to upvote a game didn't do anything - the number didn't change, I didn't see any message telling me something went wrong - just nothing. At that point, I got bored and left. I'm more interested in how to make that damn chime stop chiming whenever I turn on my Macbook. People have suggested that I mute it every time I shut down. This is asinine, and doesn't help me if I have to do a hard-shutdown. Monaco 10 over here. Using 13 makes me feel like grandma. I always loved Flashblock for Firefox not so much to save bandwidth/CPU, but to make sure that wherever I go, jackasses can't spam me with retarded videos and annoying background music. I grew up in Moscow, Russia, and was taking the bus and subway by myself from quite an early age; I left there at 10, so it must have been several years before then. (I know it's not Japan, but wanted to point out that this was done even in what some might consider to be a western-yet-scary part of the world.) I think the sad thing is that there are spoiled teenagers in America who don't truly become independent until well into their twenties. But that's like rumors of America's obesity - yes, there may be a problem there, but we aren't literally drowning in basement-dwelling twenty year olds or other people's flab. Local backups and a few offsite backups, too. Recently paranoia has hit, and I'm planning on storing everything that I hold dear in at least two online locations and two local ones. I wonder how many families in India have a TV. Yes, we are a perennially screwed socio-economic subset in that regard. Why the strong refusal? Does he have a blog? I think as HN gets bigger, it'll become more and more like reddit. You either have to learn to live with idiots (like me, I'll admit) or you gotta keep island-hopping. After reading The Daily WTF (and assuming those stories are at least 80% truth), these sorts of tales don't really surprise me. If the economy collapsed tomorrow, where would you get your food? Would you starve to death first, or attempt to murder your next door neighbor, who lives alone, to feed your family? Would he kill you first? ... and then some conscientious time traveler goes back in time and tightens up the truck's brakes a little ... I'd hate the hassle much more than spending the $300. Suddenly, blackmail is a legitimate business strategy. My only advice is to go for B's. A will be too suspicious. Well, at least it knows where it is. 403 error. Yes, you'd really need siblings who came from the same parents, yet were separated at birth. My stepfather has said a few times that he wishes he had taken the "further" option. I'm not sure if I ever want kids, but something about freezing my sperm and getting a vasectomy worries me. A fire at the sperm bank, and my genetic legacy is lost forever. (Of course I could go in for a reversal, but those don't always take, etc., etc.) Like the pilot said, though, it was only incredible luck that left him alive. I doubt that your odds are significantly improved or decreased by where you're sitting if your supersonic airplane falls apart around you. need tinierurl. Not to mention, what happens when inevitably idiots with delusions of competence catch on and everyone from Granny to Clueless IT Manager start saying it reflexively. Can't wait to come into work to find a disgusting piece of rotting cheese. I will be toothless before I give up bread. "Caffeinated products are not recommended for people who are prone to panic attacks or those who suffer from anxiety." Goddamnit. I love the idea of non-transitive dice. It would also be nice to list the song duration in the search results. And here I thought the story was about some sort of return & refund scam... Are you sure it wouldn't let you continue? That absolutely doesn't sound right. I think one of the arguments raised in one of the Jurassic Park books was that parents are necessary to teach "culture"; in the novel, the raptors were incredibly aggressive, going as far as fighting each other and killing each other over food, instead of just fighting hard enough to show the beta male his place. Stolen cellphones could also be rendered useless by programming them to disable themselves if they detect that the user of the phone is not the legitimate owner. "911? I need help! A man has just collapsed at the bus stop! I'm calling from his ... hello? Hello? Well, shit." I think that an applied philosophy text would be more interesting. You know, something like Cosmo, or Weekly World News. I disagree; it might be self-promotion, but it still raises a good point. We just started using BaseCamp at my company a few months ago - I'm sure glad we just dove in and started using it instead of looking at lists of features and trying to figure out whether it would work for us and then committing to it once and forever and never looking back. Exactly. When I visit my friends, or go to parties or bars, I can be social, but I can't do it seven days in a row. If I don't get a few nights to myself per week, I get crazy and hate my life (and other people's, too.) I'd rephrase "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can solve the problem any way you want." as "There is no recorded way to solve your problem means that you can fuck up the problem any wrong way you want." Actually, once I realized that I'll never remember their name anyway, I stopped fretting so much about trying to memorize their name, or what they look like, or pretty much anything else about them. If I never see them again anyway, who cares; and if I see them again enough times, that information will start to stick naturally. Well, it all depends on what you want them to use it for. I have zero interest in knowing when my friends are eating a sandwich, and sadly, that's the only types of updates 90% of them make. I wish I could convince them to get off Twitter. Other than that, the best way to show them the utility of Twitter, I would think, would be to show them people who use it well. Don't show them a stream of "eating sandwich", "that was a good sandwich", "going to the bathroom brb", "okay poop is coming out now" updates. I had it memorized to 20 digits after buying a book about Pi. After that, I think I got bored with the topic, but I still remember about that many. Lemme tell you how many girls this gets me at parties. Every spam account I've seen has had several hundred followers. Mostly other spambots, I'm sure, or other karma/attention-whores, but the point is that follower ratio isn't a very good metric. I don't really understand why that would carry any stigma. I mean, do we hate doctors who are only in the medical field because it pays well? I've started telling people I'm a database administrator just to pre-emptively ward off "will you check why my computer is so slow?" questions. Go man go! I think one fascinating aspect of this whole thing is that by creating tougher and tougher captchas, Google and the like are actually helping make great strides in the field of image recognition by forcing spammers to adapt. But you could still make it out, right? Are kids nowadays so bored that they would fill up a disk quota with fake accounts just for shits and giggles? I attribute mine to the fact that I haven't gotten laid in awhile. Ain't that the American dream? when you are shy it helps a lot when you think about everything you do in terms of "what would be the worst outcome of this if I screw up?" Sounds like a quick trip to panic attack city. "Alpha Male" would be a better term. It doesn't imply that you should be constantly trailed by a bunch of frat breauxs, but it does mean that you're capable of leadership. You almost certainly provided a guarantee. And global weather patterns are too complex to predict. some embedded controllers in racks in the auxilliary deisel generator control rooms have EPROMs which have been known to be erased by camera flashes in the past Am I the only one terrified of the fact that any part of a nuclear reactor can be tampered with by a flash of light? Anatel and the Navy, according to the article. Short list. I think I'd rather prevent an eight year war that's going nowhere and all the unnecessary death than comes with it, rather than elect an arbitrary minority who may not have been elected if his opponents weren't the worst possible option. Taking on a full-time job is a way to earn "extra" money? When I’m in the office, I sit near the break room, which makes it very easy to corner people I need to speak to about projects — they’re bound to make a coffee or eat lunch in there at some point. Thanks, dude. Because when I'm sitting there with my lunch and a book, that's my secret signal for "COME BOTHER ME ABOUT WORK." Wait, so it would be unethical for a human to bring a Neanderthal child to term, but if we cram it into a monkey, suddenly it's hunky dorey? Hey, metajokes ought to have all the same rights as jokes, even if they were born of a chimp! "Earth-like" is pushing it. It's not ridiculously bigger than the Earth, and it's probably made of rocks. It is an important discovery because it shows that we can discover planets that are approximately Earth sized, but put down your home-made space-suits, people. Seems like it would be more efficient to use a binary search algorithm; first flash the first half of the alphabet, then the second, using their method to detect which half the user is focusing on. In fact, I suppose you wouldn't even need to flash both halves; just flash the first half and see if the user's brain "twitched". Edit: bah, nevermind, I misunderstood how it worked. I guess I should watch the demo videos before mouthing off from now on. Like the ones he linked to? Myspace becomes slightly more usable if you're running Flashblock. So, presence of oxygen and methane aren't necessarily indicators of life because "that makes assumptions about what life is", but stating that life must result in a huge majority of specific-handed molecules doesn't? I'd say that hackers helped win WWII. Jamming radar, breaking codes, etc. What's a book? Yes, I'd much rather adopt a function... although I'd rather not pay more than $5 a month. Perhaps a function could be adopted by more than one person? First two people get to be parents, then after that your title would be grandparent, aunt, uncle, cousin, and what have you. I, for one, have a really bad memory. Photos help remind me of the places I've been, and bring up memories of being there. Plus, that way I can help share a part of my memory with others, at their leisure, instead of telling people about details of my trip a dozen times. One of the best and easiest things you can do to stay healthier is to buy your own ingredients and make your own food. And "potato chips" isn't an ingredient. I used windows for years to do the same thing. Now, when I'm at home, I'll hook up my mac to the monitor and hide half of my windows desktop because I'm much more productive here. We should compare notes. I bet we're both doing something wrong/stupid in our rejected OS's.