Is the only innovation in how customizable the UI is? I guess it's way too hard to write a new rendering engine. With the existing ecosystem of chrome / Firefox / safari extensions it will be difficult to gain traction. 7% assumed return is the most ridiculous part of it all. I remember when NYC tried to reduce their assumed rate from 8.5 to 7.5 and people threw a fit ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-08-20/new-york-m... ) Everyone has their head in the sand Some people quit their jobs and throw everything into a new, risky venture. This is pretty dangerous, especially for those without wealth. More realistic people work 40-50 hours a week at work and another 40 on their own passions. The smartest find a do-nothing job where they could cash a check for showing up at the office and surfing the net all day (IT, help desk at large organizations) and devote their work time to their own passions. That is the point - the term 'Real Programmer' is meaningless and is merely used to disparage languages / tools / platforms and boost egos. You can look at Mel, a 'Real Programmer', and realize that you can't make value judgements of what true programming is. Programming is using logic to solve problems, regardless of the tools and language. On the contrary, I'm considered a 'good' developer by the normal standards (education / company / title / projects / etc.) and I would consider moonlighting. I usually work another 40-50 hours a week outside of professional employment on my own projects, so doing an app or website for some extra cash once and a while isn't a stretch. I applied. This is perfect, thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the time to write this out. Do you have any recommendations on books to learn about finding exploits in general? My specific skills are in deep and nuanced areas of the Android kernel, and I have some good ideas on potential areas to investigate, but a thorough understanding of the subject would be helpful. It seems like a very lucrative hobby or full time endeavor. I will make a slight derail into H1B's. Anytime that you allow a company to have significant control over an employee's life, such as putting a significant risk of deportation on the employee, you are putting the employee at severe personal risk. This is the central problem with guest worker programs, as you incentivize the company to threaten employees in order to keep them working for you and their costs down. I had an intense argument with someone about whether H1B's were good or bad for the economy. The key point he was arguing was that H1B employees do not have significantly less salary, and they are fully capable of switching companies. In my experience, the primary reason that a company would go through the hassle of hiring an H1B is for cost reasons, because there are enough competent workers locally there to fulfill open positions (at a price), and the quality of H1B workers is generally less than local hires. On rare occasions a foreign worker has extremely unique skills, but this is certainly the exception. Secondly, it is very difficult for an H1B to switch companies, as it's difficult to convince a company to go through the hassle of paperwork / lawyers / cost, so an H1B employee has little recourse for being treated poorly and paid less. Therefore, I'm against H1B's. If we had a more reasonable immigration policy, where people could more easily come to America as normalized citizens, I would be for it. But the H1B and similar programs give far too much power to the companies, which is ripe for exploitation. The problem is that "market price" is extremely malleable, and it's easy enough to tweak the job title slightly in order to change what the person is being paid. As I said, there are exceptions, but in general H1B is a mechanism for importing cheap labor. I've been reading various comments about this around the internet and many people are saying they will stop ordering from Amazon because of it. These white collar workers are highly paid, and not forced to be there. Most of them could easily find another job someplace else (and it sounds like many do). I just can't feel bad for them. If you don't want to work throughout your vacation, go find another job that won't make you work through your vacation. This isn't North Korea, Bezos isn't going to throw you in a reeducation camp. I will keep ordering from Amazon because they provide the best service. Simple as that. That is the same situation at any company with H1B's, and I didn't see anything in the article that mentioned abuse of those workers specifically. This isn't a man who is beating his wife. The employee doesn't have the social pressure to stay with someone they married rather than face the shame of divorce. The employee doesn't have a part of them that is literally in love with the abuser (a company). It's a stretch to use the 'abused spouse' argument with highly educated knowledge workers making 6 figure salaries. Find a new job. What an unexpectedly interesting post. I read a bunch of other posts he made and they are all very well thought out, with little fluff. He sounds like a really great and brilliant guy. I disagree that advertising itself is a broken model, but I like imagining that someone ruthlessly updates their excel spreadsheet of blacklisted companies every time they hear or see an advertisement for any company. You must only shop at flea markets! Jeb Bush doesn't know anything about computers or software, and neither does any major politician. I guarantee you JB's 'Technology Advisor' advised him on this policy position and a few talking points, and now he's saying them. FYI - the link has some sort of javascript problem, made my Chrome / Mac (Yosemite) max out a core and hog ram. It's amazing that Amazon thinks a useful feature is "ability to purchase stuff from Amazon faster". I don't make my decisions about products based on 1 touch ordering of supplies. If it solves a problem I have, great, but I certainly don't have an "Amazon ordering problem". I truly believe that general purpose self driving cars are much farther away than the latest press releases would suggest. Apparently they don't work well at night, in the rain, when the road lines aren't perfect, etc[1]. They basically only work in the perfect weather and roads of Mountain View during the day. In Boston, the roads are shit, the drivers are crazy (including me), and everything is permanently under construction. Once people learn how to spot these cars, very quickly the tricks to passing them are going to be learned. Not to mention the jokers using laser pointers and whatnot to mess with them. If you think this won't happen, you are sorely naive. I think self driving cars will work for specialized cases, like long haul trucking on highways, but for the commuter, it's going to be a long ways off. [1] http://gizmodo.com/6-simple-things-googles-self-driving-car-... It's harder to be aggressive when dealing with human-driven cars because people can react. The commuter dozing in his self-driving car is not aggressively driving, and with his car legally mandated to be in super-safe mode, it's going to take twice as long for it to make it through rush hour traffic. Wow what a ridiculous article. For starters, only an extremely small slice of fresh-out-of-college developers would get a 120k salary and 300k in bonus and options. This is still absurdly high, if it's even true (and not exaggerated for the purpose of getting an article into the WSJ). I've noticed a sharp uptick in CS grads, and it seems starting salaries are actually nosing downwards. Or at least that's the case here in Boston. This article is nonsense, and whoever the author is, I guarantee you he has no idea what he's doing. I'm a big self-driving cars skeptic. Expecting humans to "drive less idiotic" is basically saying that google's cars won't work until human drivers are banned. Driving is something of an art, and it's full of edge cases. So many edge cases. I'll just keep reading articles that say they are 5 years away, just as I did 5 years ago, and the armchair futurists will keep dreaming... Anxiety and depression very nearly derailed my career (and my life itself) right at the end of college. I was working 35 hours a week at a startup and studying two difficult subjects at my university (computer science and Latin) while maintaining an active social life. I kept pushing myself harder and harder, and essentially collapsed. Somehow I managed to stay at my job while I entered the mental health system and started taking care of my mind. I had an extremely bad reaction to Prozac and then tried to manage my issues with diet, exercise, and meditation. For 2 years I was surviving but I certainly wasn't better. Then I decided to try medication again, and started lexapro. Within 2 weeks my mental state had drastically improved, and I was actually feeling joy and excitement again. The panic attacks disappeared, while the general anxiety is much reduced. It's been several years since then, and I'm still on a low dose of lexapro while eating healthy, exercising, and meditating. I'm much more aware of my mental health and don't push myself past the breaking point. Yet my output, productivity, and drive is higher than ever, much better than it was before entering treatment. If you are suffering from similar issues, I highly suggest entering the mental health system and doing everything in your power to try and get better. Stay positive and don't give up. Multiple panic attacks a day, irrational and excessive worrying, insomnia, depression, feelings of impending doom, loneliness, lack of interest in subjects and activities previously enjoyed, lack of confidence and self worth. The usual stuff I suppose. After dealing with these on a daily basis for a year, I added suicidal ideation to the list. Death no longer seemed scary, but a way to escape the nonstop overwhelming pain of continued existence. On the plus side, after entering treatment, and then understanding and overcoming my mental illness, I am without question far, far stronger than I was before. I live every day to the fullest and have no regrets. My life is full of what's important to me- satisfying work, nonstop learning, appreciating art in various forms, and socializing with friends and family. This is what gives me pleasure and defines my life. I also have enormous appreciation for being healthy in a way that my peers seem to lack. Every day is a gift and it shouldn't be squandered. > These are odd facts, very suitable for puzzle columns and likely to amuse amateurs, but there is nothing in them which appeals to the mathematician. I very much disagree with any statement which says a mathematical fact is unimportant. It is impossible to know which facts and theories will be useful in the future. People thought number theory and prime numbers was intellectual masturbation until cryptography and computers came about. Any fact about numbers that someone can figure out is worth publishing, no matter how "useless" it seems. You mean writing a series of logical instructions in order to solve problems is tedious? I wonder what future platform will be created that doesn't require an ordered series of logical steps to solve problems... That sounds like an interesting subject. Could you please link me to your research or other relevant information? If 1 million people live in a city, and you add 10 million more apartments, would that lower the price of each apartment? Of course, because you increased the supply. Adding housing absolutely decreases the average price of housing. This is supply and demand. Now, does adding a small amount of housing have any appreciable effect on average price? No. Therefore, the solution is massive construction of new housing. Reddit would be a better place for comments like this. HN is for reasonable discussion The comment you responded to was about the utility of quickly filing missing persons reports. Your response said that people with dementia filed as missing would be lucky to survive an encounter with a police officer. It seems like you have an axe to grind that is completely irrelevant to the topic of discussion. I don't know your political inclinations but your arguments are illogical and confusing. I said it would be better for reddit, because comments like yours are common there, while fairly uncommon on HN Decorators are very easy to understand. They take the arguments going into the decorated function, do work, then call the decorated function, receive the return values, and then take the returned values and do more work. This could mean validating function inputs, changing inputs, raising exceptions, doing cleanup, etc. I use them liberally for web service endpoints to validate security, data integrity, etc. It's cool that you like Texas and all but the stats speak for themselves. It's SV way ahead of Boston which is a little ahead of NYC. And Boston has tons of enterprise VC which is unique. I have no problem hiring talent in Boston, and the numbers I snag engineers for are high, but nothing like the "500k salary and 2 million in stock" articles I hear about happening in SV. Also, the whole argument that it's harder to raise money if you are in [insert any place except Silicon Valley] is suspect. My company raised money from investors in Boston, SV, and overseas, as investors were most concerned with our business, not where we were located. As long as you can hire good talent and have a solid business, you won't have trouble raising money as long as you can jump on a plane. The issue is when you are chasing dollars for a failing business, or have no revenue. I just think it's the wrong way to look at things. It's better to cut 30,000 to save the company, than to keep everyone hired and wait for every employee to be out of work. I find it very odd also. As a highly technical person who has drank the apple kool aid, use mostly apple products, pay for iCloud subscription, etc. it strikes me as a desperate move to attack your competitor on its home turf. Especially when you are literally the most valuable company on the planet. I'm a millennial and I go to parties all the time. I chose my apartment partly on party-throwing amenities. And my social network has parties too. Maybe it's just the city (Boston)? House parties have always been a big thing for me throughout college and after. Does anyone honestly believe that the government doesn't collect every single email, phone call, message, credit card transaction, etc. or have the capability to query a database to get it if needed? You need to accept that the war is already lost. When you are doing something that needs to be protected, use end to end crypto. And buy things in cash > We solve problems in cancer genomics that make trains run faster. Uh... sure... Despite what I would like to be true, I know from experience that alcohol cannot possibly be healthy for me. Even with only 3 drinks, I feel slightly off the next day, and if I binge and drink 6 to 10, I feel awful. Plus, my memory feels a little fuzzier for a bit too. I love alcohol and I don't plan on abstaining. But I don't fool myself that it might be healthy for me. Drinking is a calculated decision, that I enjoy it more than the risks to my health. My company, like most companies, relies on an enormous amount of open source code in order to construct a closed source product. We have also contributed to open source, and have plans to contribute more. There are certain things that help everyone without jeopardizing our business, and other things that are too valuable to share. We cannot force a company to open source code without an extraordinarily good reason. I believe in open source and support it, but at the application level it is a trickier issue. He said it himself - it took years of prep work to get that job offer. Why did it take so long? Because there is a strong desire to get into the industry, lots of potential candidates, and he didn't seem to have any connections that would get him an easy foot in the door. Plus zero experience in that role other than internships. In his situation, I would have just taken the offer and cranked for a year, then demanded more money. And if they refused, it should be far easier to find a new job with actual experience. A year of being frugal isn't that bad for entry into your dream career. Having a college degree sends a signal that you can dedicate yourself to education and follow through. I find employees with college degrees are better than those without, regardless of degree. I suggest getting a degree and putting in some hustle to get out with zero or little debt. Scholarship, side jobs, whatever it takes. In America, higher education is not free, unlike high school. Our society will always make you pay, that is reality. The way to get around this is to get scholarships, which are not that hard to get provided you work hard and dedicate yourself in high school. I think in the USA college is too expensive, but I'm not convinced it should be free. I like the idea of students actually having some skin in the game. Also I don't want tax dollars to pay for someone to study poetry for 4 years for free. You'll get into a situation like Norway, where it takes a master's to get a foot in the door, and no one gets a job until they are 30. Mobile Device Management (MDM). Blackberry got the ball rolling in the early 2000's, but it was the release of iPhone and Android that got vendors rich. Apple and Google created API's and enrollment processes to manage devices (device lock, wipe, etc.). Companies created software to consume those API's, the biggest being AirWatch, Mobile Iron, and MaaS360. AirWatch was acquired by VMware for $1.5billion in 2014 and Mobile Iron went public, rising 22% in the first day of trading. MaaS360 was acquired by IBM for several hundred million. At first, license fees were high, competition wasn't too fierce, and the market was booming. Then many more low-cost players moved in. Open source MDM software appeared. One company (Miradore) gives MDM away for free to hook customers on IT management fees and various other upsells. Mobile Iron stock is down 70% for the year. I was listening to an NPR podcast this morning and heard an advertisement for a product named Bushel doing Apple MDM. I think the definition of commoditized tech is when you hear companies advertising on NPR. My take on the situation is that it's risky to build a core business merely consuming other company's API's. Doing analysis and more advanced things, sure. But simply executing an API command is not special. The MDM list of features is completely controlled by Apple and Android manufacturers, and anytime they release a new feature, every MDM player instantly gets access to it. The only differentiation between products becomes how effectively they use the pre-existing API's (scaling, integration with other enterprise products, etc.) and pricing. This obviously becomes a race-to-the-bottom on pricing, destroying margins. The reason I know so much about this is that I work at a company called Apperian, focusing on Mobile Application Management (MAM). We use to compete with the MDM guys, but it's a completely different game now. All of our core technology is unique, most of it is patented / patent pending, and we solve problems that the MDM API's cannot. We dominate the MAM industry, although niche and much smaller than the MDM sector, is growing very quickly. It would be extremely difficult and costly for a company to implement what we do, in contrast to the MDM guys. It's been very interesting to watch the rise and fall of big players, as our sales keep booming. I will keep watching the drama unfold. MDM uses operating system level API's provided by the vendors (Apple, Google). These require the device to be enrolled with management software (Airwatch, Mobile Iron, etc.). MAM vendors like Apperian use various other techniques to manage the applications and their data only. The device is completely irrelevant, because we only care about the app. We do this through clever use of API's and a technology called 'App Wrapping'. This takes the mobile app, decompiles it into machine code, and very carefully injects new security features directly into the decompiled app. This allows adding security features like data at rest, analytics, etc. without needing any OS level API's. https://www.apperian.com/mam-blog/app-wrapping-lets-get-tech... Are you looking for a job? We are hiring now for solid engineers. seibeljames@gmail.com or jseibel@apperian.com. We are doing some very interesting tech for governments / corporations with high-security clearance needs. I can explain much more in depth if this interests you I simply can't trust or rely upon a country where laws don't matter. Sure, in the United States, money buys you better representation, as it does everywhere. But in China, Russia, etc. being disliked by the government can be a death sentence. Start your company in China, fine. You'll move to a western country eventually, if you get big enough, and China doesn't reform. You simply can't trust a society where the laws don't apply equally. There isn't an Apple, Google, or Microsoft coming out of China. Instead, you get Ali Baba and Weibo that clone American startups. I won't consider China a threat to American innovation until they get a true rule of law, democracy, and intellectual property rights. This is a tall order that won't be fulfilled anytime soon. IP rights are the least important. I strongly believe that a protocol needs to exist to expel the top government leader(s) using non-violence to prevent corruption. Any system that exists without transparency and checks & balances ultimately results in corruption. FIFA is a perfect recent example. Irrelevant to the topic of innovation. I strongly dislike how gun rights, black lives matter, anti-police, etc. people have tried to warp many conversations on HN to this topic. I get it, USA has issues, stop trying to force the discussion everywhere. USA does not put citizens in reeducation camps for tweeting about their dislike for their leader. China will have you murdered if you agitate enough. The discrepancies in the two countries in how they handle dissent could not be farther apart. I wish USA's police did not kill so many people. But Obama does not have dissidents executed for their thought crimes. You should be happy you can post open dissent about the USA on a public internet forum. In many countries, such as China, this is a dangerous move. This is good advice! First came my love for sushi, then the condo, then the BMW, and now I can't live poor anymore. I found serial interesting for a few episodes, then she started spending hours analyzing the memories and text messages of high school students and it quickly became exhausting to listen to. I hope the guy gets a fair trial but it was simply a slog to listen to. Sometimes I use pinterest when I'm looking for cooking inspiration. It is absolutely nothing like 4chan, I have no idea what you are talking about. I love my iPad. When I'm in bed or relaxing on the couch, it's the perfect form factor for screwing around on the internet. RoboVM has been free for libgdx users. Xanarin is disliked by independent developers for its pricing structure. Will RoboVM remain free to use? I hope so Thanks badlogic. Can you provide any details about why libGDX gets special treatment? I'm curious badlogic, I can't reply to a comment thread going as deep as your last comment. Did Xamarin specifically put in the acquisition that it will remain free for libGDX developers? Because my faith in Xamarin is not high that they won't remove free integration with RoboVM, as Xamarin loves charging developers high prices, and thus me developing games using libGDX and RoboVM becomes a risky decision. What kind of job would you get with a PhD in "Future Studies"? My gut tells me that this is bad. However, intellectually I know that our court system is heavily skewed towards people and organizations with lots of money. So if this is a tool to help level the playing field, I'm all for it. If this swamps the courts, all the better, because that will force legislators to act, which will then cause a debate, which will be useful to society. Anything any rich person wants to do to improve education, I'm for it. The system is so broken for so many people that I welcome any attempt at reform. And the rich have the best chance of fighting the entrenched interests that prohibit improvements to education. If a college has a huge communications program and a smaller engineering program, it would be ranked less because of pay disparities. This methodology is simply inaccurate Boston born, raised, now professional. Best city I've seen, although Amsterdam is a close second. If you like software and despise San Francisco (as I do), Boston has the 2nd most VC investment in the world, and is #2 globally for software development. And Boston focuses traditionally on B2B rather than vague B2C stuff which is rife in SF. Go Boston! apperian.com | Boston, MA, USA | Full Stack Web Developer | ONSITE | Full Time Apperian is the industry leader in Mobile Application Management. We help companies distribute and secure mobile apps to their employees without using public app stores. Key to our security model is "App Wrapping", a technology that takes a mobile app, disassembles it into machine code, and runs algorithms on it to automatically modify the code to add new features. This allows customers to easily add features to all of their apps with a few clicks. We are looking for a full stack developer to join the team working on the administrator portal. The stack is JavaScript (Backbone / Handlebars), Python, PHP, and a little bit of nodejs. We have lots of interesting problems to work on. We are at the cutting edge of enterprise mobility and are growing rapidly. Email me at jseibel@apperian.com with a brief cover letter and resume. I originally thought this was a bad idea, then changed my mind. I was going to contribute to the fork but decided not to. What sealed it was several competitors to RoboVM emailed me directly after seeing my posts in the RoboVM fork message boards begging me to help them. No one wants to pay for anything anymore. RoboVM made the right decision. What a pompous, ridiculous article. I feel like the author was smelling his or her own farts the entire time they were writing this I prefer to refer to myself as a software engineer rather than a developer, although I do use the terms interchangeably. I like to distinguish between my vision of engineers, who have CS degrees and understand software at a very deep level, and programmers, who use the tools that are provided to them. Of course, this is just semantics, and at the end of the day, it's all intellectual masturbation. Puff piece by a guy trying to get people to use his startup. I think it's actually way worse to use his technology to automatically move money around your accounts. I like to be on top of where my money is. And "emergencies" happen several times a year. In a few month span I had to replace a water heater, then a dishwasher, then tires on my car. Several thousand bucks of expenses in a couple months. Having to withdraw from a 401k for life's unexpected issues is insanity. I wrote a long argument but deleted it all in favor of this. Everyone needs to toughen the fuck up and stop being offended so easily. Someone insults you for being different? Welcome to real life, get some thicker skin. This company has 121 MILLION in funding [1]. Can this possibly be true? Why would I need my refrigerator to mine bitcoin? [1] https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/21e6#/entity All the encryption tools needed are public and open source. Putting backdoors into Skype, iOS Messages, etc. isn't going to get terrorists. My experience is that buying likes, views, installs, etc. works for niche products that need to rise in rankings. You rise a few spots, then organic kicks in, and you have just the edge needed to take over the competition. Let's say you find some hyper-specific niche, like calculators for some obscure section of the American tax code. Very, very useful for a small amount of people. So you throw together an app in less than a day and put it on the app store. The market is so small, that there really isn't room for more than 1 app, and it's so specific, people aren't going to really bother searching around. So being the first or second app they see when they search "section XYZ tax calculator" is critical to getting any installs. As the app stores algorithms for thinly installed apps basically come to down to total installs, followed by rating, followed by recent updates, paying $5 on fiver for a hundred installs can really make a difference. Once you rise enough, people start finding you organically, they install, you rise higher, and it becomes a feedback loop. This is a contrived example, but if you can make apps and want to sling ads as a way to earn money on the side, it can really help. Remember HN, this blog post was brought to you by 121 MILLION in VC funding! As someone who has spent years building software on top of compiled android binaries, as in, adding features to apps with nothing more than the APK (no source code), I can say that what they are building is not only difficult but quite fragile. I have the benefit of customers who agree to certain OS versions and specific app versions. MS wants it to work universally with every app. It's possible to get it close enough that getting any single app to work is a few tweaks, but very hard to get it to the last mile, where every app "just works". My current company, Apperian, is the industry leader in a technology called "App Wrapping", for which we have several patents pending (I'm only there for another week, I'm leaving after nearly 6 years for a new adventure). Read more here: https://www.apperian.com/mobile-application-management/mobil... iOS is different, but on Android we run the decompiled binaries through software making heavy use of finite state machines to alter the Dalvik VM code. These alterations allow us to automatically add features like SSO, analytics, security, self-updating apps, etc. to native apps without the customers making any code changes. Because the binaries are provided to us by customers, and distributed 100% outside of the official App Stores, the risk of app-breaking updates is much reduced. Over the years the technology has matured a great amount, and most apps "just work", but we still get apps that have some edge case we didn't think of, that requires manual intervention by engineering to update the wrapping software. Now, the use-case that MS has is different from Apperian's, but similar enough that I can imagine what they are going through, especially trying to re-map the UI elements to native MS widgets. This is a hard problem that is difficult to nail seamlessly, and it is infeasible for them to tweak their code for every app. Even worse, the apps people want most (FB / Messenger, Google Maps, etc.) are the most complex of all, so their tech needs to be super advanced to get value out of it. If you are so weak that words hurt you, that the mere speaking of words makes you damaged, I am afraid that you need psychological help. I feel for men and women who face real dangers. I don't feel for Yale students who must listen to scary ideas. This is anecdotal (is it really that anecdotal?), but I have been called so many names throughout my life, and my response is almost always "go fuck yourself", whether said out loud (in so many words) or internally. I honestly don't care, and the bullies don't stop me. Adults don't need institutions to protect them from name calling and hurtful words. Children do. Should someone be arrested for saying a racist slur? I'm honestly curious about your opinion. An email about costumes and culture vs. hundreds of 4channers threatening physical violence and assault are entirely different things. An idea, which is free speech, and harassment, which is what you are suggesting, are entirely different things. I think it would give me a good perspective on the comment author's mindset, which is why I am curious. But do you, vacri, see a huge gap between completely destroying a professor's life, i.e. forcing them to resign their position, give up their salary, tenure, and reputation (which is what these students were asking), and going to prison? Going to prison implies all of the former, it's just an extra debasement on the other penalties, although an extreme one. The Economist has its quirks, one of which is to never assign attribution. The newspaper itself stands behind everything printed. If you disagree with the article, you disagree with the institution's opinion. Shouting fire in a crowded theater is not covered by free speech. An email explaining an idea about halloween costumes and culture is. Yeah, I mean, sorry they closed down, but an Android only niche product doesn't scream "sustainable business model" to me. In a previous article about crazy rents in SF I argued that increasing supply of housing reduced the price of rent [1], aka, supply and demand. HN commenters went apoplectic. It amazes me how basic economics is so hard for many intelligent people to understand. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=seibelj&next=1018868... If you disagree with the sentiment that having 200k more units in SF would reduce prices, then you fail to understand basic economics. Now, if you are saying that building 200k more units is impractical, I wouldn't disagree. I'm just saying that the solution boils down to 3 options: increasing supply, reducing demand, or both. That's all there is. You can warp natural economics and impose rent control, mandated affordable housing, etc. but nothing but those 3 options will make any real difference. I was a loyal giganews user for 10+ years. Then the content creators started getting content pulled very quickly, sometimes within days of upload, and the whole thing started becoming a huge hassle. By this point I was making enough money that $30 a month split between a few streaming services and a few bucks occasionally for a movie on amazon prime wasn't a big deal. It feels good to pay for quality. But as a young kid, who wanted to experience so many types of media and no means to pay, usenet was the best. Piracy is the perfect thing for kids interested in computers to use. It's complex, you need to figure stuff out, takes a lot of time (which kids have), and the reward for doing so is free content. But once you get old and are time-poor and have the money, it's not really needed anymore. Could this have anything to do with the crackdown on for-profit (and often poor quality) universities that used to vacuum up low income students? Throughout the history of innovation, eliminating jobs did not eliminate work. New jobs sprang up. This has happened over and over. If you think that the deprecation of hundreds of thousands of jobs will mean that hundreds of thousands of people can't work anymore, you are sorely mistaken. This is a fallacy intelligent people have fallen into throughout the centuries. Automation and computers have been doing their jobs for decades now, and America is still at 5% unemployment. I'll keep betting on capitalism while others continue to think, "this time is different". It used to take many people to plow a field. Then the steel plow was invented, and it only took 1 person. The work got done with only 1 person. Now if a robot can do it, that's only 1 additional job eliminated. It is certainly precedented. It used to take a professional to work an elevator. Then it became so easy that we didn't need an elevator man. The work got done without any person. Do users actually hate "app clutter"? I have plenty of apps I only use rarely, but when I need them, I need them. Space isn't a concern unless it's a huge game or downloads tons of media. 100MB or less is nothing. Many companies have built software products on top of this tool. I was heavily involved in enterprise apps for several years. It's a great tool One reason I prefer college graduates to the self-taught / bootcamp types is that the college grads had years to let the concepts simmer in their minds. This is because of time. You can't cram for 8 weeks at a bootcamp and truly understand things, it takes years. But a prisoner, all they have is time. All the time in the world. Someone with a passion and desire to learn to code while locked up, and with access to the correct resources, could really learn this stuff and learn it well. I hope this spreads. AdMob, interstitial (full screen) mobile ads, holy shit. Highest pay rates I have ever seen. The clash of clans style freemium games pay through the roof. Finally! The ban doesn't make any economic sense to me. It's a free market, let them sell it globally. There are plenty of open source projects to help you do that (re: github). Proprietary software's source code is not meant to be read unless the developers specifically want it to be. The web allowing it for JavaScript was a happy accident, that is basically gone now with the uglifiers. ... or at night, in the rain, really anyplace except the perfect sunny days of mountain view and Austin ... And now we must rely on each OS to implement their own version of a virtual firmware, and do comparisons between different implementations, etc. etc. etc. The whole thing sounds so pendantic, like "See? We are TECHNICALLY CORRECT!" Compared to the other theranos article on top of HN right now, this one is far more damning. The whistle blower is claiming that even the herpes test, the only test the FDA has approved, had its results altered in some way to pass the FDA's requirements. If this is true, what does theranos even have left? I went to Boston University for my undergrad degree, one of the most expensive schools in the USA. Current tuition / room / board is $63k, and another $3k is estimated for expenses [1]. If you could lock in these rates, a 4-year degree would be $264k. But that is assuming a lock-in. Costs increased 3.7% this year [2]. If there was a 3.7% increase every year during your 4 years, you would pay $279k for a 4 year degree. This is a $15k increase over 4 years. What's even worse, because of the magic of compound interest, only 9 years after you graduate, yearly costs would be $102k per year. I personally see this as insanity. It will have to self correct itself, because no one can afford those fees. So how does BU get away with it now? Primarily through allowing any foreigner with the ability to pay in, regardless of their educational merits. BU has a massive amount of Asian, Indian, Eastern European, and Middle Eastern students who pay the full costs. Anecdotally, a man in my freshman dorm was the young scion of a wealthy family from Dubai, worth over $100 million. US students rarely pay the full tuition, which is why the outrage isn't so large. [1] http://www.bu.edu/admissions/admitted/tuition-and-fees/ [2] http://www.bu.edu/today/2015/bu-tuition-and-fees-to-increase... McDonald's: "With all of the antibiotics in our livestock, you can be sure we killed the E-Coli" A puff piece about a struggling online retailer. Seems like a typical submarine article to me [0] [0] http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html