http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. Doesn't work for me in Chrome 18.0.1025.168 m edit: on Win7 Professional They had planned the IOC's route through the city and had GPS in the cars with them so I doubt the tracking was automated. And England seems semifamous for it's intense use of CCTV systems, on the traffic side larger US cities with advanced traffic control systems have cameras at most (major) intersections. Could also be chromatic aberrations too from poorly coated lenses. Edit1: Check out the edges of the world. Wonder what the issue there is? Jobs took existing concepts from the Xerox concept PC (with the GUI) and shrunk the price and hardware (in the Apple II). There were personal computers before Jobs, he brought together a lot of things which made it a commercial success. In many ways he's much like Gutenburg, he took a group of existing technologies and concepts and brought them together in a working mixture. I know this isn't definitive but at least the jury ruled fair use in the GoogleOracle case. This is why you buy Thinkpads. They've got a great warranty system, post the whole maintenance manual online, and don't void the whole warranty for single item changes (basically you change a hardware subsystem and you can't get warranty on that bit but the whole bit is still eligible) Maybe it's just for minor changes, simple user upgrades instead of huge replacements like the screen? shrug I've never had to warranty my Thinkpad anyways thanks to them being tanks. Anecdotal evidence is anecdotal I know, but I've had no issues with my laptop SSD, an Intel 320 Series iirc. At first I was really worried, which drove me to backup properly for the first time, but almost a year in I've had no issues with it at all. Just a question, did you take the swap partition off the SSD? That's one of the main tips I've seen in improving SSD life-spans. I agree, platform consistency is more better for your app than following something which is theoretically better. I'd be reticent to change the Ok -> Cancel order without some harder evidence than this. "More better"? Jesus I should proof a bit... What 3rd party app ecosystem? Honestly I've never used anything outside the netflix.com client. Ahh those, never needed a queue manager cause I'm streaming only. They never seemed particularly useful. Ok, so those are actually useful. Though it looks like Abetterqueue and instantwatcher will still be allowed under the new API rules. Ahh didn't look too hard at the app, my mistake. There's a difference between protecting a buggy alpha, which he probably didn't realize (or maybe wouldn't be) company property, and intentionally making an artificially weaker program in order to ensure your job security. SpiderOak perhaps? I haven't used it heavily my self but it seems to cover at least the encryption requirements the author puts forward. That only works so long as the rules given to the filtering program are accurate and feasible, and if a single failed requirement DNE complete rejection. Management drawing completely overboard reqs for the filter means the filter becomes meaningless. Check this reply: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4347383 Basically it wasn't an ATM but a Nightly Drop box that allowed them to declare the amount of money they were depositing. The thing with doing that it it requires the person signing the check to have a /single/ extremely consistent signature. Personally my signature changes a lot depending on the pen I'm using or even how quickly I go. And I doubt I'm the only one. The fees for the person carrying the cards aren't bad but the processing companies, at least here in the US, probably in the EU too since they're all basically the same companies, charge quite a hefty fee on the business end. In short? The companies and their lawyers. Litigation is becoming more about hampering your competition and protecting yourself than it is about consumers and things which are 'wrong.' I was wondering what the author was going on about until I remembered Ad-block. It's still a very clean interface and the distinction between ads and search results is pretty clear. Doing a quick informal search, the terms that the author chose seems to be a large outlier in terms of numbers of ads. I don't see the huge issue here. There's no real private information given by this, it's just character name and realm. That and the horizontal complaint are the ones I don't really get. Horizontal doesn't really make sense as a horizontal orientation. And orientation changes with widgets on the home screen brings it's own issues. Take for example a home screen filled with edge to edge one row tall widgets. How do you resize that to fit into a horizontal orientation? Yeah the only issue with this one is exploring the underground bits are difficult. It's practically impossible to get down the holes near the Mario bit in the east. Some cars already have that built in. It's a per manufacturer thing though. I think this is the app I was thinking of: http://www.viper.com/smartstart/ That's predicated on them being able to spare many employees just for drive sourcing, which as a relatively small company they probably couldn't. They went with the lower cost stop gap at first, if the shortage hadn't lasted as long they would have been better off with how they did it. They're DRM free ebooks so you can just load them. shrug Plane changes are one of the most expensive operations in an orbit iirc. The real test is how well you were able to pick up the concepts again. Not using it for, how ever many, years it's natural to forget. However if you can quickly reacquire the knowledge then you did learn it atrophied so to speak. The proof is that you listed the items which is clearly logged and visible.. The charge is for the listing not successfully completing an auction/sale. I always assumed those were set aside as unlicensed spectrum and that was why so many things existed along those bands. Probably also some propagation characteristics? Anyone else get an annoying social share floating toolbar making the bottom third or so of the page unreadable? Firefox 17. Except where did they plan to come up with that money? School budgets don't tend to grow that fast and building a new school adds additional costs. I'm not arguing that new schools shouldn't be built but taking on large debts without clear plans. Yes. Physically, it's running *nix though so you'd have to get windows to not freak out with all that power. Huh the only way you can tell 72.32.231.8 redirects to tumblr's crash page is the link under find out why. Completely unbranded. Is there a short explanation of what's happened? I haven't heard of all this. That might be part of their problem. Instead of making a big AAA game they keep reinventing the engine. It seems most really successful game studios have 1-2 engines that they're very good at producing good games on. They may update often but it's rarely an entirely new engine. (See Valve, ID, etc.) Making a new engine for every game can't help their delivery times. You assume the president's purchase came fairly early at the 100k mark. Later the delta from his donation continues diminishing rapidly. Any later than half way through and the delta is less than 2.5 cents and following the rest of your assumption gives them only 10k. Not to mention that the money is split between the donation options. (Default split on the Amnesia Fortnight is 70% to the developer, which I think is higher than the normal default) Taking that into account the numbers vary too wildly to begin speculating on. And beyond that it also raises large amounts of money for charity. Charity is Childs Play and Red Cross. What president would lump his company in as charity? Don't forget that not all of that goes to THQ. There's the default split but I can't find what that was for this bundle. It's 70% to the devs for the Amnesia Fortnight. (Might be higher than normal though) Possibly, I don't know much about the engines behind THQ's games really. To become just an engine company requires a well rounded and adaptable engine. There's probably some market for a superb niche engine but that is a weak position to put yourself in as a company. They might be reinventing their engine so often because they can't get a good future-resistant engine out of it. I'd rather no skins than the constant auth.minecraft outages. $51 million isn't really a shoestring budget any way you cut it. No gravity would simply approach infinity as you descended the well. And since we're being pedantic that's not an issue. >Not to mention the absurtidy of his conclusion. Proving a statement for a set of values you thought of is far more likely to be wrong than proving it with formal mathamatics. This, if the program did fail all that's been proven is that that particular delta-epsilon function, the defeatEpsilon here, doesn't work. In order to prove that the function doesn't converge you have to prove there is no function which can satisfy the conditions. (Luckily there are some theorems which make it so one only have to prove that two different sequences of the function converge to different values. But that's getting into Real Analysis which is a whole semester worth of explanations.) Instead try to write a program which proves that the limit sin(1/x) x->0 does not exist. (Remember proving that a single function doesn't work isn't enough. You have to prove no such function exists.) It only disproves that the particular delta-epsilon function works though. That just proves that the proof writer wasn't clever enough to find a working d-e, not that there isn't a d-e. It the page could download in one burst without any breaks the calculation would be correct. However those 14 requests aren't all run at once and end up triggering sequentially. It goes something like GET youtube.com, process reply, find other resources needed GET youtube.com's CSS, etc. etc. Combined with link delays, dropped packets, long round trip times and the like you get a much slower nominal bandwidth. BitBucket. It's essentially the same service as GitHub, but allows private repositories for free. And with an academic .edu email you get unlimited collaborators. Much simpler than running your own git server as others have suggested I think. Ah missed that, or an edit, either way. Yeah there's not the community because it's used for more private projects. GitHub has the community because it's focused towards open source and all the sharing and cooperation that OSS entails. Yeah, if the proposed payment flow was ever implemented there would be abuses, there's a limit to how much interaction you can hide away. Especially in payments at the /very least/ there has to be some form of approval and usually there needs to be a payment method selection. No interface is nice but some things have to have interaction you can't magic away. Even better depending on what you define as a reload a single action cap and ball could qualify. Restricting to rifles only, if you define a reload as taking bullets from outside the weapon and storing then in the weapon, which seems like a reasonable enough way to define it on the surface, a bolt action rifle with an internal box magazine (aka most rifles) would qualify. Also what would be the mission of the proposed volunteer police force? when would they be called in/up? who would govern and organize them? There's authorization in Square Wallet, and it's no where near the no interface that the article was drooling over. They're using a mildly questionable 'growth as popularity' for their measure. It has its uses, but does skew things quite a bit. The input bar says Javascript style before you start typing something in.. Why not just upgrade the W500? It'll be far cheaper than going to Mac and renting out a server. For disk space you could get the SATA HDD bay for storage and memory is simple to upgrade on Thinkpads (and better it doesn't void your warranty, because Lenovo doesn't assume your an idiot). Didn't know that. I thought as their mobile workstation it'd have a higher cap than that. It is a little old I guess. Personally I'd go with a new Thinkpad. MBPros are nice but the new ones are completely non-upgradable which is a real deal breaker. I've used a T500 for a little over 4 years now with nothing but more RAM, a new SSD, and a storage bay HDD. I think that's partially due to the fact that syndication, national providers selling programs to local affiliates is a larger thing here in the States. Those programs go out at a specific time and often the local stations are just relays and can't time shift things. Contrasted against the system in the UK with the BBC where there's not really a local affiliate but a national station. In that case it seems much easier to shift for longer running programs. Ok, didn't know the exact setup. I thought even the regional were run by a BBC branch. 2:13 if you count from the first message about high exceptions to the all clear "everything is working normally." NC State installed those a little while ago too. Haven't used them personally but they seemed pretty nice and very convenient. The same way it's handled on all other university computers I assume. There's no saving on the hard drive because they are wiped between uses and a new environment is setup each logon. That's the way it's handled at my university, looking from the outside I'm not part of the IT dept. It's more like they couldn't have Watson using them on national television. Many a company, even if it weren't showcasing a machine like Watson, would want to avoid that language on a huge television event like the Jeopardy challenge. I think you might be looking a little too deeply at this. What I was saying was that it's not a perspective on us not wanting a machine to reflect our language and how we us it back at us, as you originally said. It's just the normal clean decent image that companies prefer to present most of the time. Most Sudoku apps I've used in the past had a notes system like the one you described. It's not that unusual of a system, I think it's a fairly normal way of doing things. Game Type: Sudoku. I think this is the larger factor. Getting people to pay for Sudoku seems like a big ask considering the plethora of existing apps which scratch the same itch (and better) for free. Graphics aren't a big thing for Sudoku to me. There are a thousand apps doing the same thing you're doing without asking for cash before I can play an advanced grid. Except that runs counter to (a large portion of) the point of Medicare, which is to provide assistance to the old. (Yes it's also for low income households, but it's also a lot aimed at the elderly as well.) I'd never bothered comparing them before, never used Helvetica that I can remember, and I got 17/20. 2 at the start till I noticed the obvious lower case differences. The only other one was MATELL which difficult, didn't notice the difference in the As. Yes? I don't see your point though. I'll take a stab at guessing what you were trying to say though.. For a large number of the US jobs 65 is getting a bit on in years, think manufacturing, service, etc. also known as a large number of the , at 65 a large number of jobs aren't much of an option anymore. Ah, I stand corrected. Never used or really been exposed to either service. > Instead, Apple put a $50 computer in peoples hands- the iPod shuffle. Sure, it might not be as full featured as a laptop, but you have to walk before you can run. Lets draw a line between a device like the Shuffle and a general purpose computer. Apple is creating devices for consuming media not for creating which I think is the more important goal. For actually creating and learning there are much better devices than what Apple is putting out, and much cheaper. See the Pi or any number of similar devices. Also dismissing (windows) netbooks as unusable is short sighted, also they've improved greatly since they were first introduced. For all the problems with these devices they're still fully functional computers which don't rely on Apple to decide what you should be able to run. Do you mean the dean who ran the judicial hearing? If anyone were to have their heads roll so to speak for this it would be his. The faculty that voted were simply acting on the best information which was presented to them. If you're going to do a response blog post link to the original article at the beginning when you mention the original. I read the original but don't assume everyone has. Small claims has really low limits, here in NC it's $5000 dollars, and according to the text they're 8 months behind. Which would be a /really/ low rate to fit in small claims. edit: Texas has higher limits at $10000. I still think it's likely that their owed debts exceed 10k. I think it's years. Notice the '08 and '09 etc. If you read the article you'd have found out more about the device. Specifically the tube is about 12 ft long. The actual dimensions of the pressure chamber isn't really important here it's the design of the nozzle. Which they do have a proper schematic for as it happens: http://www.gizmag.com/how-to-build-a-supersonic-ping-pong-gu... Shattered it seems, with quite a bit of mushrooming. http://www.gizmag.com/how-to-build-a-supersonic-ping-pong-gu... Indeed it should. It's more than a search engine it aggregates the information from say 10 different studies or cases about a disease into a set of information which it then compares against the current case the doctor is looking at. At that point it posits some diagnoses or some treatments. Calling it a search engine is pretty dismissive. Not all of us. I'm graduating this spring and the top of my fucking awesome hire list was the Watson group in SWG @ IBM. For all the grand magic that Google works behind the scenes it falls pretty short of the work that Watson does. Ideally if Watson were able to parse documents well enough they would have to actively lie in order to twist Watson that way. Also a lot of what goes into Watson is peer reviewed in the medical field iirc so there's also that buffer. So add on about 12% onto a time estimate to account for the extra charging time. I'm estimating about 2.5 hours for 150 miles which isn't unreasonable for freeway driving. And that's awesome until yo need to go beyond that single charge range. Then charging might be a problem where ever you wind up still, though it is getting much better I admit. I don't think this would solve the electoral college problem because a candidate would go to the neo-states with the highest density and beable to work up more votes quicker due to the higher densities. I think we should just drop the EC completely or at least step away from the winner take all system. > Actually, in Soviet Union you did not have any money to bribe any of them. Fixed. Didn't know they were always or mostly energized. I thought they were only powered during an actual MRI scan. No, it's quite clearly supersonic. This is a different design than the tube they talk about first. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=I... Interesting. I will admit I was going shamelessly for a laugh there. Very incorrect. A short back of the napkin calculation: 286mi/85kwh / .12 (dollar per kilowatt hour) = 28 miles per dollar or .03 per mile. Gasoline on the other hand is: 30 mpg / 3.50 (dollar per gallon) = 8.5 miles per dollar or .11 per mile Electricity comes out far better. Cars are much less efficient than heaters at capturing the stored energy from it's fuel. With a heater you have the benefit of insulation and none of the losses associated with moving a hunk of metal through air. What's your gasoline cost like though? Similarly expensive I'd wager? These number have to be compared together to be worth a damn. Though yes the numbers make more sense in areas with lower per KWh costs. Cars barely make sense in NYC to begin with it seems though, who's that much of a masochist. Hellbans are reserved for the worst of the worst. Trolls and malcontents that a simple ban would serve as an encouragement not a discouragement. Large areas like NYC are also going to be the first to have the super charger networks rolled out to them and also more likely to have charging stations available in car parks. But yes home charging doesn't make sense everywhere yet. The Photoshop issue on the Surface is (presumably) just a driver issue and will be resolved shortly. Also having the whole of the Windows program library is a huge plus for the Surface. I've yet to see a truly viable solution for developing on an android tablet, SSHing to a remote server is sort of there but having a fully featured IDE is miles above in terms of usability. Also the keyboard integration seems much slicker with the Surface.