i.e. paper has higher resolution, and is more readable than a pair prototype glasses? I think so too. The title is needlessly incendiary. Explain to me, exactly, step-by-step. How forcing little suzy to click 2 times by having to use safari, instead of 1 click inside the app. Would stop the problem you're mentioning. You'd make an awesome politician: Can't answer the question? No problem! Ask yourself a different question and proceeed to answer that one instead! Slipery slope: Wow, how could the [Apple] products really need to cost $[600]? It's buttons with a touch screen. Honestly, it sounds likelY that [HTC] is infringing. In our copyright system, unfortunately you have to pay or you have to wait for it to expire for cheaper options. However, it wasn't worth it to me, as part of the Public, to give [Apple] exclusive rights to those ideas, especially if they're going to sell them for that price. This could be one way of getting around an "Internet kill-switch" I hope you realize that's a non-sequitor. The hypothesis was people only care about the iPad - not tablets. Which is laughable because a significant proportion of the market cares about non-iPad tablet. What does profit have to do with what people care about? Take a look at the Galaxy Nexus (the phone in question) and tell me which Apple design or patent it infringed. (Bear in mind the unified search patent has prior art - by Google to wit, and is likely to be invalidated) I see this stuff on here all the time, except it's usually $LANGUAGE vs PHP, and it's usually condoned/encouraged. United Launch Alliance competes directly with SpaceX. ULA comprises Lockheed and Boeing. Thanks for the awesome tool! I've found it handy on more than one occasion to trace jQuery/vanilla JS listeners. Any plans for Dojo support? Microsoft recently filed an amicus brief supporting Oracle's position on API copyright. I wouldn't speculate that this is the motive, but it would be interesting if Microsoft is pressured into using Google APIs So you are blaming Google not for what it has done, but what it could do? You seem to be contradicting yourself, earlier, you said "And yet, Linux doesn't have all that great driver support ..." The question is, what's cheaper- labor for optimizing the queries + paying (possibly reduced) SQL server licensing, or keeping the "mediocre" queries + throwing in more hardware? They'll still be silent: "Allow scanning by services" is listen-only with no transmission. Of course they were aware of the issue, if you read what JBQ wrote, he mentioned this was escalated 6 months ago. It doesn't take a leap of the imagination to conclude that the expectation was the issue would be resolved by the time the product was available for sale. Perhaps Qualcomm even stringed them along (I'm speculating) JBQ says he's very frustrated with the "lawyers", for what exact reasons- I don't know. Maybe he feels like they are not exerting enough pressure, or maybe it's Qualcomm's lawyers he's pissed at. You cannot say Google (or at least JBQ) knew how this would turn out. Are you suggesting that the rule of law is a bad idea?("This is...why China continues to eat our lunch"). I think legal frameworks are more tractable: a "Photography not allowed" sign, with enforcement is a more elegant solution to more technological ones (anti-photography/reflective coating maybe?) You can still argue your assertion further: you seem to be declaring that race (and not class) is the driver for crime. Race and class (in America) are strongly linked that when a person declares one thing (and not the other) as the cause, it tells you a lot about the person. Probably cross-reference it with their data? It didn't work out very well for them (or the U.S. in general. Innovation simply moved to France- further away from harassment by the Wright's. I remember reading an article stating that this is the reason so many parts of the aeroplane have French names (fuselage, aileron, &tc) In other words, you're confirming the 90% figure, right? I don't think having a exploitable kernel counts as being 'open' by any measure. I cannot understand how people are ignoring the security side of this. I think you are overstating the amount of control the US has. The US is spying on SWIFT transactions, that's a world of a difference from actually controlling SWIFT. > Google, on the other hand, is trying to turn the browser into an OS This isn't new, not since Marc Andreessen said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers" - in 1995. Which I take to mean he fully intended to make everything above device drivers the domain of the browser. Here's a Google Translate link: http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=n&pre... Yes- those with large patent pools. IBM and Microsoft, chief amongst them. I'm pretty sure "the government" in GP's context referred to the UK government, not the US. The knitting industry also uses the word "Thread" to describe some other thing. This is going to be a nightmare, I tell you. I think the 'Companies like Volvo are far ahead' needs to be qualified. IMO, Google is ahead in the following areas -map data -PR & public visibility -pushing legislation debate Because the keyboard has a dictionary and can choose the most likely word you meant from your swipe waypoints If I remember correctly, one of the characters hand-waved it as (paraphrasing) "multiple echoes of the same signal". Meaning there were no meaningful timestamps I don't think the whiteboard interviews expect an executable at the end of the process. It's not a complete test, but a partial one: testing if you can come up with suitable algorithms within a reasonable time - and perhaps how you work/your process. None of which is dependent on any (software/IDE) tools What is your opinion of the people who shared the DeCSS key? If "46DCEAD317FE45D80923EB97E4956410D4CDB2C2" is free speech, so is a magnet URI I have a Galaxy Nexus (2011) that's stuck on 4.2. I wouldn't mind receiving bug-fix releases. I think "restriction" is a poor choice: it's more like an architectural decision - that is exactly how they designed it. I could equally say your computer is more than capable of running a self-hosted version of GMail, but "it's a restriction [Google] added" for them to run it on their servers. Language design is about trade-offs. Broadly speaking: being good in one category means being bad in another. Storing your IM data & meta-data on their servers. i.e. Pending, delivered, read. If they allowed phone to be offline, that data would need to be synced when it comes online. I think medical care is the missing part of the equation in your anecdote (and gp's). If you get malaria and medical attention, you'll have a lousy time, but probably be fine. However, for people with limited access to medical care (too remote or too impoverished), preventing Malaria altogether is the best bet, hence mosquito nets. >No? I bet I've spent more years in Africa than you have This sound like an appeal to non-authority. How does seeing someone fishing with a mosquito net discount the fact that malaria deaths have been decreasing for 20 years? (a point you chose to ignore, by the way). Africa is not a monolith: it's 54-countries strong with a multitude of cultures (I'd bet you'd be hard-pressed to find a "local witch doctor" in Tunis). You are entitled to your opinion, just because you live there doesn't automatically make you an expert. I too have spent my entire life in (southern) Africa. Generally nets are not supposed to be washed with untreated water (doing so will wash away the infused chemicals). If you are going to wash the net, you are supposed to wash it in a bucket or any small container with treated water to maintain potency. I like the indentation + braces redundancy because indentations are for humans, brackets are for the interpreter. Logic blocks are more explicit with brackets I encountered a non-obvious Python bug that was caused by mixed spaces-and-tabs: to my human eyes, the indentation looked fine - the same as previous line, but the interpreter saw a different level of indentation. > Google wants developers to write the logic once in Java, transpile it to other platforms, and then make the UI natively using the SDK for each platform. That way the apps look and feel native to the platform they're on, and the UI should run a lot more smoothly. The article seems to suggest that GWT is being (should be?) used for logic only. If the Web UI is sluggish, it probably isn't GWT's fault (disclaimer: I'm not a Googler & I have never looked at the Inbox code) If Apple is "kind of okay with GPLv2", why doesn't it allow GPLv2 apps in the App Store? In my opinion, Apple was never okay with copyleft (whichever version). There is nothing wrong with a company objecting to copyleft licensing. > but the result of that would just be somebody putting up GNU Go for $0.99 and then getting sued by the FSF again. Why would the FSF sue in this instance? As far as I can tell it's not about the $0 or $0.99 price - if the $0.99 app provides the a way for users to get the source, it will be GPL-compliant the FSF will be fine with that. I don't understand why you would inject a hypothetical Android EV into this discussion. I feel that Apple/Google partisanship is off-topic when GP was talking about Apple v. GM/BMW/other established automakers The saying is full of crock - it presents a false dichotomy. You might pay and still be a product. You pay for cable TV but they sell you to advertisers. growing forest quickly =/= growing trees quickly. I might have missed something, but I don't think he mentions anything about making the trees grow faster. The "tricks" are to mature the forest (i.e. make it self-sustaining) within 10 years, tree growth-rate notwithstanding. Correctness beats complexity any day. Incorrectness is an unforgivable sin. While he didn't know WebVan would pioneer it, Loius Borders says he know ecommerce would rule the world. ...that doesn't quite have the same ring, does it? There is a lot of survivorship bias at play here. Thousands of individuals had convictions that their instincts were right as as well - but it turned out poorly for them. Luck and timing plays a big part in success, but more often than not, hn ignores this. To be clear: you are saying the toolchain does run, but not to your liking? It has been possible to install real Linux distros on Android for a while (X and all), with no root required. So you can install and run Android Studio if you so wish. It probably will be slow, but it can be done - today. So did Google suddenly realize they are competing with Firefox? Proof by contradiction says your theory is wrong (true for n=2015, false for n=2014 & earlier) Your premise, that the only possible reason to fund a competitor is incompetence, on the other hand, strikes me as absurd. If they weigh business cases at all, they might have considered the value of goodwill they generate for funding competitors to outweigh any loss(es). Aside: how does Google benefit from sponsoring Blender3D, in your immediate-profit-driven opinion? I don't find it confusing at all. If the sentences are composed correctly, the subject will be obvious. Ian M. Banks did this in one of the Culture stories (in a single paragraph) - I thought it was a succinct way of denoting the current gender identity. As far as I recall, the apologists don't say generics are bad - but rather, not necessary (at times conceding they are useful). Which sounds reasonable to me. Who needs generics? 'Need' in it's dictionary sense. i.e. is there an algorithm you can't write in a language because the language lacks generics? Great to have? Yes. Need? No. The freedom to deprive end-users the same rights*[1] the distributor got, of course. [1] The right to view the source and make changes as you see fit. VMWare knew the software was licensed under GPL for years. They chose to violate the terms of the license - that's what matters here. They could have chosen to base off BSD licensed code, but they did not Would you be ok with them breaking the terms of the MIT/BSD license?I'm not familiar with the MIT/BSD restrictions, but I think one of them is to acknowledge original author? How would you feel if they violated that? For me, Ars is still better than every other site listed. Their quality might have slid, but they are still the best[1]. I grew tired of other sites' clickbait and/or blatant partisanship/slant. 1. for me. > Can't the Google just admit it's using TypeScript? What makes you think they haven't "admitted" it yet? > AtScript is TypeScript: We’ve been collaborating with the TypeScript team on our proposed productivity [1] They have been collaborating with Microsoft, and it's no secret[2] 1. http://angularjs.blogspot.com/2015/03/announcements-from-ng-... 2. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2015/03/05/angula... > In the early days when there were fewer towers spaced farther apart the phones had more power (remember the old "brick phones"). Citation needed. What makes you think newer phones have less transmission power than old brick phones? The working range of a cell site (the range which mobile devices connects reliably to the cell site).. is between between 50 to 70 km (30–45 miles)[1] 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_site#Range > Would the statute of limitations be tolled for the duration of Assange's stay at the embassy? IANAL, but that sounds unreasonable: his presence isn't required in order for him to be charged. The statute limits the time in which he can be charged (regardless of his geographic location). I know for certain under Roman-Dutch law, one can be charged (tried, and sentenced) in absentia. I suspect other justice systems have similar allowances For disambiguation: it is better to say "plantains are staples in many parts of Africa" since they are cooked. The prescribed solution does not solve for all use cases though. Imagine if the meeting included a conference call to someone in Australia. A day before the meeting, the bureaucrats change the DST rule. The meeting invite for the Australian now has incorrect time. Storing as local time will work against events applicable across timezones. The problem isn't with UTC, it is unexpected rule changes that the converting agent (software) did not predict. That logic will have to be coded in. Pegging against "wall time" in Chile causes it's own problems. What if the meeting is with a person in "Europe/Berlin" via Skype and the appointment is in a shared calendar. How would the new Berlin time be calculated for the unfortunate Berliner after the Chilean bureaucrats have had their fun? ...Yet. It is open source: you are welcome to port it to Windows and I'm sure they would be happy to accept your patch. I am non-American, and I do not understand why (most/some) Americans think think the default/superior housing material is wood. If someone can explain, I'd be happy to learn. I'm perfectly fine with brick-and-mortar houses (and concrete sky-scrapers). Brick houses have less fuel for fires, better load-bearing properties (pros), although they take longer to construct. > Brick is just siding. What's the frame made out of? For brick an mortar houses, the "frame" is also made of brick[1]. All the walls are load-bearing, so there is no actual frame + siding: just brickwork. You have a concrete foundation, then you lay your double-thick brick-walls (for all load-bearing sections - all of the outer walls that are expected to support roofing trusses). Internal walls can be a single-brick wide. The only place timber is used is for roofing. 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brickwork Thanks! You are right falling/flying bricks are not a good idea in an earthquake or hurricane situation. After digging some more, it seems like cost is another factor. I suspect our backgrounds subconsciously color our opinions though: my childhood home (and 99% of homes I have ever visited) were brick and mortar, maybe that is why I am partial to it. > Terrorism is commonly defined as violent acts (or the threat of violent acts) intended to create fear (terror) It depends on the motivation of the pilot i.e. Did he intend to create fear? At this point the motivations remain unclear, so it can't be termed an act of terrorism. I highly doubt that Dropbox has a 10 year head-start (over Google and Amazon) in the area of "distributed storage and sync" - unless you meant it in the narrow case of building desktop sync clients. You might be experiencing imposter syndrome, and it makes you question if you deserve to be there. I suffered from imposter syndrome when I got moved to a new team (same employer) by myself after a cohort was moved.I felt like I wasn't properly onboarded and I did not have a fellow noob to ask "silly questions", and I suffered for it. I was tasked to do a major-ish feature and I completed it with no confidence: it was scrapped from the first release & I felt like I had failed. When a colleague was asked to 'redo' it, he only added about 5% more and called it a day. Looking back at the code: it was good work, and it was 95% of what was required (to me at the time it felt like 20%). I will tell you what I would have told myself then: don't be afraid to ask "silly" questions - don't let your egobget in the way.(try to figure it out first though). Also: it's a great opportunity to learn. That's an unfortunate side effect if the culture they developed, whereby quality correlates with the amount of whipcracking. A lot of job adverts have "must be self-motivated" (which I thought was a load of bollocks) but it seems self-motivation has been largely extinguished at Apple (by design or accident) Or possibly to increase the uptake of their projects at other large corporates: thereby increasing mindshare/developer goodwill. Don't tell me that Fb doesn't want to put up IBMs logo on the "who uses React" page Thanks - you're right about how I parsed GP's text! Apologies GP. > Whenever there is a thread about Apple development someone pipes up and says that HFS+ is horrible. Can you explain why it's so problematic? I never once thought to myself that the filesystem needed an update. Ok maybe the .DStore files piss me off but I'm not even sure a filesystem change could change that. I'm not OP, but Linus had a rant in a Google+ comment on where he laid out his problems with HFS+[1]. John Siracusa also chimed in with a link to a section of an Ars Technica post he made titled 'What's wrong with HFS+'[2]. Linus' complaints seem to center around Case insensitivity and Inadequate Unicode Normalization in HFS. The Ars review is more damning (accusations include: undermining data integrity, metadata locks meaning only one process can update the FS at a time, etc) However, I'm not a FS expert so I am likely not doing the views justice: I encourage you to click through to the source URLs below. 1. https://plus.google.com/+JunioCHamano/posts/1Bpaj3e3Rru 2. http://arstechnica.com/apple/2011/07/mac-os-x-10-7/12/#hfs-p... Ingress > Note that 25% is pretty generous when you're creating a derivitive work off of someone else's IP Your opinion is in the minority, I'm afraid. By and large,the gaming community (on reddit at least) has spoken, and Valve took heed. Marc Andreessen probably stoked Microsoft's paranoia when he said "[Netscape will soon reduce Windows to] a poorly debugged set of device drivers"[1] 1. http://www.wired.com/2012/04/ff_andreessen/2/ Outside of the US, not everyone has a phone capable of running iMessage or Hangouts. WhatsApp happily runs on feature-phones, because of network effects, many people who can run iMessage/Hangouts and WhatsApp I've paid for myself and my mother-in-law (you can pay for a contact's subscription) Good point about being an API. When combined with RFID, I can imagine smart fridges / washing machines utilizing this API to automatically order (or suggesting human do a 1-click order) when your Tide is about to run out. How frequently do you replenish your spices/WD40? If you are a restuarant, then a button would make sense. The dash, in its current form, seems suited to high-turnover products where the sales generated over the devices lifetime can cover the initial cost. As someone else mentioned though, think of it as "Dash, the physical button" + "Dash, the API". The API is probably the long term goal, the physical button is just a (temporary) drop-dead simple API client that people can use today. Amazon is likely betting on smart-fridges/-pantries/-homes catching up in the future Edit: in the near-future, I imagine Amazon adding a touchscreen (so it's not product specific) without adding much to BoM. They can also charge manufactures for on-device screen-time (who doesn't like ads that convert to an immediate sale?) It's not that black and white. Ant colonies are ultimate socialist societies - communist even. From each ant according to its ability, to each according to its need I am not a lawyer, forgive any inaccuracies. These are 2 instances of the same/similar license type - they remain 2 different licenses with different conditions that have to be met individually even if the code is merged. The licenses are compatible. However, for the Go team (and downstream lib users) to satisfy Intel's license, they'd have to credit Intel as authors, in addition to "the Go Team". This can become unwieldy if code is pulled from many different sources (code authors would need to check the authors of the various parts of the Go Standard libs they are using to give the correct attribution). This can be avoided if Intel itself makes the contribution & make use of a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) that assigns the necessary rights to the Go Team - meaning there is one license to be satisfied for the whole standard lib. > Those ever-cheaper laptops started as copies and spin-offs from the "helping the poor" projects and related technologies. I doubt that's true: can you substantiate that? How was the EeePC a copy of OLPC? The only commonality was that they were cheap (for the time). I'd say the cheaper laptops are as a result of a confluence of things: Android, the battle between ARM vs. Intel Atom, a glut of TFTs the high- and mid-range won't accept, >Well sure, but when the license is perpetual and royalty-free, what's the difference? There would be a difference if the license is non-transferable. Then Facebook wouldn't be able to give or sell that data to 3rd parties as part of a bankruptcy sale. Edit: in the case of RadioShack's user data, I doubt that they got customers' agreement for a transferable license to the data. I think he's comparing US's relationship with Ukraine to a hypothetical Russia-Mexico one. I'm not going to be as bold and say "US fostered the Ukranian coup", but I am certain they were very happy about it. The deposed former president of Ukraine, who happened to be close to Russia, had been democratically elected - his removal most certainly wasn't democratic by any stretch of the imagination. You can tell infer the US's political attitudes if you parse the language of US media / politicians at the time. If they are "protesters" rather than "rioters" or "insurrectionists" - they are friends. I perfectly understand that it furthers US interest to pull out Ukraine from Russia's sphere of influence. Just my $0.02, as an outsider. > If not touch screen activity for a long time, or when simply the screen is locked, then why is the camera on? Because the OS shouldn't be making assumptions about applications' interaction models. People tend to write apps that OS creators never dreamed about. There are legitimate reasons for resource usage (camera) to continue without user interaction.From the top of my head, I can imagine writing a baby-monitor app that uses camera to stream video to my phone in the other room using wifi. The resource-limiting heuristics have to be impossibly good, otherwise it gets in the way of useful apps. Percy.io seems somewhat similar to BBC's wraith[1], albeit easier to integrate. 1. http://bbc-news.github.io/wraith/index.html That's explicitly called out in the article: > ...there’s already advanced security features on your phone, contained in the SIM card, which protects the things important to carriers. Vault is designed to be an equivalent, but designed to project a user’s important content. SIM card is controlled by carrier, and protects carriers' cryptographic interests. The vault is independent of the Secure Element: it user-controlled, and protects user's cryptographic interests. Microsoft Research[1] is hardly secretive for things that are cooking in the lab[2] 1. http://research.microsoft.com/ 2. http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/news/headlines/hyperlaps... In your opinion, only those products with API's available today should be announced? That sounds overly restrictive. By the same logic - Projects Jacquard and Vault shouldn't have been announced either. I think it's fair to announce products so devs can be ready when the API becomes available. > Undoubtedly, but the issue is that they only have 2 months to take care of any bugs in their recent code Parent is suggesting that what you think is "recent code" isn't recent at all (if you mean the tech previews). The leaked internal builds are more recent, but only relatively so.Therefore you can't extrapolate the number of current bugs remaining from tech previews. This is correct - there are 6 Windows 10 SKUs[1]. 4 if you exclude the mobile SKUs. The "only 2 SKUs" was just a rumour/wish. I'm echoing speculation I read elsewhere: the reason for the numerous versions is Federal Money. The US government demands that it pays the lowest price the vendors offers an item for. Since Microsoft likes to offer discounts to universities, the government would be entitled to the lowest discounted price on the SKU. Their solution is to make Education & Enterprise versions and maintain the price disparity. Money trumps simplicity. https://blogs.windows.com/bloggingwindows/2015/05/13/introdu... (edited for clarity) > It's reasonable to assume that anything newer hasn't been tested to that point yet, so they still have a lot of work to do on the things we haven't seen yet. I disagree on that part - I do not think that is reasonable. If I read correctly, your assumption is that pipeline for everything is: Develop > Test internally > polish > public testing > fix. It's also reasonable to assume that not everything needs to be tested by the public, and only those deemed to require public testing were included in public previews. There a lot of reasons to release 'old' code, especially on a large codebase. It's not that they intentionally send out "buggy releases while sitting on a build that works", but gating is complicated business. I think a keynote should be more of 10,000 foot view > Regardless, the next thing you really need to defend, as this is what we are talking about: what are you, as a developer, doing to get ready for Photos? You can't imagine how unlimited storage of images and videos have no implications to devs and how we view curation of photos? Thats one less limitation to worry about. I 100% agree that I/O is becoming less and less developer focused. Lots of non-developers want to attend (I blame the freebies they gave - looks like that has stopped so it might get better). I/O (or any other 'developer' conference) goes beyond the technical. There is a lot of self-promotion, PR, recruitment (in the HR sense, and recruitment into the 'developer ecosystem') > From that communication, I read that Tim Cook is against some business models, not machine learning or data collection. Which sounds exactly like posturing to me. Contrast this with what he says about back doors - if it's there a key under the mat for cops, the bad guys will get it. The same applies to data collection - the motives behind the collection don't matter. If data is collected, sooner or later some of it will fall into the hands of a 3rd party the user didn't expect - possibly bad guys (through legal discovery, a hack, bankruptcy sale, or some NSA ALL-CAPS program). The right thing for privacy is to not collect the data, but Apple is unwilling to take that business decision (imagine how bad Siri would be if voice data wasn't sent to a backend). > Mozilla has over a thousand employees on its various projects, and this income is necessary to keep them in work. Here's a thought experiment - what it Mozilla spun-out a "Firefox foundation" that only worked on Firefox? How many employees & how much funding would that require? I suspect it could get by without the ads and could infact, be kick-started. Granted, this would not mesh with Mozilla's manifesto, and the other projects would die without the ad-powered money-printer that Firefox is. Apple and Google both collect user data and send it to the cloud. Why does the degree matter? If it's a matter of principle, don't collect user data at all! Since Apple are collecting data anyway, I guess the reason is not principle. IMO, the why doesn't affect personal privacy. Pure motives don't count for anything when user data falls into the hands of 3rd parties (through hacks, leaks, or divorce lawyers). > - 91% of Apple's income is from hardware. > - More that 90% of Google's income is from advertising. So, in a nutshell - it's not the collection of data that is bad, but advertising? That's BS. The collection of personal data itself is inherently bad, motives be damned. Apple is no snow-flake as Tim would have you think, they also want to gain a competitive edge from aggregating and mining user data. This is exactly what "Apple-is-better" people on this thread do not get. They are suggesting that the Apple IR camera is good because it improves the user "experience by syncing with itunes to play a song with the right tempo as you dance" as opposed to the Google IR camera which will result in sun-burn cream ads. What the typical person would want is no IR camera at all. > Apple collects far less personal data than Google/etc Agreed. I don't know if we are disagreeing. Or perhaps you disagree with the notion that the ideal situation for privacy is when no personal collection is done? >> The risk of you being personally targeted and hacked is greater than Google being hacked > This is a rather strange comment since we already know for sure that Google has already been hacked by both the British[1] and Chinese[2] governments. With that fact established, the question still stands: who do you trust to not get hacked by the British and Chinese governments? The point GP was making was Google's security is pretty robust and if it's not sufficient, you'd be hard-pressed to find another service provider who can do better securing the data.