I wrote a paper on what we thought was the optimal strategy for the beer game. My team won a beer game session run at the system dynamics society conference about 10 years ago. 1. Push all the inventory to the end of the supply chain (the retailer). 2. Run the inside of the supply chain on a "pass-through" strategy - order exactly what is known to be coming down the supply chain on that turn. 3. Use a control algorithm based on the outflows from the retailer to control production at the factory (the factory player has to watch the retailer's inventory closely). The best parameters for the control system depend on the exact demand deck. I can only speak to HFT. For dev roles, Python experts (emphasis on expert) and experts in modern C++ have the easiest time. C experts and systems programmers with assembly expertise can also find a job, but the market is smaller for them (although higher-paying). OS-level and systems programming are valuable. Understanding computer architecture is important, and computer systems as well. Credentials are an important filtering mechanism for them, so if you didn't go to a top 10 school, your resume needs to make up for it (or you need to be a very experienced hire). Working at a FAANG company or a bank doesn't necessarily make up for not going to a top school. Successful devs at HFTs usually have a ~50-hour workweek or are very efficient programmers. Nobody intentionally includes security vulnerabilities in a product. This is something that Doordash knows they are doing and have decided to do, not something they are doing accidentally. Even taking a negligent security posture is not the same as intentionally including a flaw. Remember that many US states are the size of European countries. This is the same deal that many countries in Europe have: subsidized tuition for residents. Also, a lot of state systems have good schools: UC Berkeley, UMass Amherst, UIUC, UT Austin, and UW Madison come to mind. I'm also in NYC. If AirBnB went under, the real estate market here would be in deep trouble. Virtually all drugs come out of an NIH-funded lab, but so do a huge number of other drugs and therapies that don't work. The vast majority of things that come out of research labs have no hope at making it past a phase 1 trial. The drug companies do a lot of R&D to validate the ideas of drug discovery teams and to test for side effects. They spend incredible amounts of money on this, much more than the labs that initially proposed the drug. The soft core approach has many advantages, but FPGA companies have dropped the ball on single-unit (hobbyist) sales. Chips that cost $1000 from a distributor cost 1/10th to 1/100th the price when you have a relationship with the manufacturer, mostly because distributors can't sell them very quickly and have to keep a ton of stock to have the SKUs you want. On a modern FPGA, processor clocks of 200-300 MHz are possible to get with designs that aren't huge. C2H is terrible for the employee and you should know that, as a professional headhunter. Negotiating your salary upfront is likely going to give you the best deal you can get. Don't kid yourself into thinking that you can "show your value" to improve your negotiating position. Your first few months on the job are usually when you are at your lowest performance, since you are learning the company's processes. That is your trial period. You are in your best negotiating position when the company needs you more than you need them, and that is absolutely NOT after doing contract work for them for a while. Once you're at the point of converting, if you get a lowball offer, the contract position is a black mark on your resume that hurts your negotiating position with other firms. That said, I would be happy to do C2H if the following conditions were met: * Signing bonus paid in full at point of signing the contract, with no clawback. * Full health coverage during the contract portion (extra money plus the option to buy from their plans). * Severance pay at full salary for at least 6 months if you choose not to convert. * Non-exclusivity during the contract period (I can do other work if I want, and you don't own any IP I produce other than what I produce explicitly for you). I think this is sufficient to equalize the negotiating disadvantage that I get for taking the contract. I don't think any of your clients would go for it. I think the word 'learnings' comes to software companies from India. A company I worked at didn't use the word until an Indian senior manager came on, and then everyone started talking about 'learnings.' Conversely, I have heard it used in conversational English between people from India. There are plenty of other English words that work in context where you might use 'learning', like 'lesson', 'insight', or 'takeaway'. 'Learning' just encapsulates them all without nuance. Higher speeds mean less time wasted in cars, so presumably more time to work Twitter allowed the NY Times to post about Trump's tax returns after they were leaked by an IRS employee: https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1310474354967359489 The official policy appears to be flexible when the leaked supports Twitter's political opinions. Many of the immigration restrictions in america started around the time the first welfare programs were introduced. Before that, it was a bit of a free for all. I don't know if the same pattern holds anywhere else, but I'm suspicious that might not be a coincidence. Intel had some heat problems when they tried this. The FPGAs weren't able to use their heat budget dynamically, and as a result, the whole SiP had bad performance. Altera Stratix V FPGAs actually had more market share than Virtex 7s. They were better chips. That said, the production delays around Arria 10 and Stratix 10 and the time lag caused by the Intel acquisition totally killed their market position. The only reasons to use Intel FPGAs now are (1) 64-bit floating point support or (2) if your Intel salesman gives you a really good deal. Beyond the GCC/LLVM, you also really need a standard library. Nobody is talking about that. Today, if you want a std::map on an FPGA, you have to either pay $100k or build it yourself. That's untenable. It's a mess. School kids really should learn the US constitution, but somehow that doesn't sink in and the pop culture does. People honestly didn't think Alexander Hamilton was an important figure until "Hamilton" came out. Then they rely on media to tell them everything. Usually that's fine when it's straight factual news, but there's been a lot of spin in the news recently. Supposedly, in knowledge work like programming, the distribution follows a pareto distribution: for n people, sqrt(n) produce half the productive output. I used to play the harpsichord, whose keys are about 3-5 mm narrower than piano keys. I have huge hands with big fingers, so it was a challenge at first, but after a week it felt normal. I doubt that smaller piano keys will be much different. The baroque harpsichord literature is riddled with 12ths and fast 10ths for this reason. The keys are smaller than piano keys, so it isn't be a problem to hit them. Most of the time, jumps like that are done by touch. You often need to look at something else like the music, the other hand, or the conductor. Serious question: Who suffers at the hands of Mastercard? These are all really good points, but there's some nuance missing in this view. There is actually a fairly narrow slice of the financial world that you don't like, specifically central banking and fiat currency. Currently, crypto traders are busy learning that all the rest of the financial world, including things like credit and financial derivatives (encapsulated in smart contracts), can still apply to cryptocurrencies. Things like consumer credit and fractional reserve banking will show up in crypto soon (if they haven't already). It's just a matter of trusted entities offering specific smart contracts. The one thing I really dislike about most crypto is the traceability: unless you use privacy coins (which themselves have dubious security claims), every transaction is 100% traceable. Honestly, I think the only real solution is to sue these accusers for defamation. If there's actual evidence that you are racist, then you can just take your lumps and don't respond to them. However, if you want to accuse someone of racism, you better have evidence of you're going to pay. Zen 2 has has 8-wide issue in many places, and Ice Lake moves up to 6-wide. Intel/AMD have had 4-wide decode and issue width for 10 years and I'm glad they're moving to wider machines. Edited "decode" to "issue" for clarity. AMD CPUs are very hard to fully utilize with a single thread, and Intel has always held the single-thread perf crown. Most high-performance use cases are multi-threaded now, so the single-threaded performance delta isn't that significant. The Apple chip is really built for running a snappy GUI: in most of those cases, you need to run ~1M instructions super fast on one thread for a short time. Intel has historically had the crown on this metric, but not any more with all of their problems. The Intel ISA has some very powerful instructions that allow it to keep performance up, but unfortunately decoding n x86 instructions involves doing a number of things that are O(n) in latency and O(n^2) in chip area/power - both instruction boundary detection and micro-op scheduling (since instructions can emit more than one uop) are included here. This isn't too bad when n is 4, but it has stressed both AMD and Intel's capabilities to make it to 8, and I don't think anyone would ever seriously consider building a 16-wide x86 machine. Once memory and I/O buses get fast enough to feed a 16-wide general-purpose computer, x86 as an architecture is in trouble. They have quietly gotten fast enough to feed an 8-wide machine. LPDDR4 very quietly took the speed crown from DDR4 due to the fact that the signal integrity problems are less demanding (soldered vs DIMM being the standard interface), and it looks like the DDR interface may be near the end of its useful life. Transceiver-based memory modules using standards like CXL and CCIX may be the long-term fix to the problems of DDR4. In the short-term, those are going to hurt, but long-term they should be a lot better. https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/amd/microarchitectures/zen_2 The actual instruction decoder is 4-wide. However, the micro-op cache has 8-wide issue, and the dispatch unit can issue 6 instructions per cycle (and can retire 8 per cycle to avoid ever being retire-bound). In practice, Zen 2 generally acts like a 6-wide machine. Oh, on this terminology: x86 instructions are 1-15 bytes wide (averaging around 3-4 bytes in most code). n-wide decode refers to decoding n instructions at a time. I have usually heard the top-line number as the issue width, not the decode width (so Zen 2 is a 6-wide issue machine). Most instructions run in loops, so the uop cache actually gives you full benefit on most instructions. On the Apple chip: I believe the entire M1 decode path is 8-wide, including the dispatch unit, to get the performance it gets. ARM instructions are 4 bytes wide, and don't generally need the same type of micro-op splitting that x86 instructions need, so the frontend on the M1 is probably significantly simpler than the Zen 2 frontend. Some of the more complex ops may have separate micro-ops, but I don't think they publish that. One thing to note is that ARM cores often do op fusion (x86 cores also do op fusion), but with a fixed issue width, there are very places where this would move the needle. The textbook example is fusing DIV and MOD into one two-input, two-output instruction (the x86 DIV instruction computes both, but not the ARM DIV instruction). Switches (L2 devices) recalculate Ethernet CRCs (L2 error detection codes), and routers tend to calculate TCP/UDP checksums (L3 error detection codes) and everything below. I've seen exactly this issue with switches that have bad RAM before, and I assume that they just have a router with bad RAM (and without ECC RAM, which looks embarrassing). The younger generation is always more likely to go to cities. As they get older they move out. And buy cars. IBKR does some of its trading off-exchange like the PFOF types, but they do it in-house, not on a paid-for basis. If you see "SMART" in the routing of an order on IBKR pro, often that order went to one of their darkpools or was filled by them off-exchange (at a price better than the NBBO). The price improvement per share also sometimes comes from exchange rebates that they pass through to customers. You should take a second to read the essay "On Bullshit." What he said there was bullshit, written to cause an outcome, not to tell the truth. These loans have destroyed any chance that a generation of underprivileged students will achieve financial prosperity. If they go away, the federally subsidized loan programs will likely be phased out over ~5 years or so. The private sector will replace them for students who are good bets, probably with income-share agreements or something similar and MUCH less predatory than the current federal loan programs. I would assume that based on the amount of money that is at stake, most software engineers would try to become extremely good negotiators. A 1% improvement in salary for a SWE could easily be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars over 10 years, so it is really silly to not try to understand how to get that money. Defamation lawsuits. Right now, a bunch of people can tweet "John Doe (some public figure) beats his wife" with no verification, and Twitter keeps the tweets up, and doesn't get in trouble when John Doe's life is ruined by the false accusations. What's more, media can then report "John Doe is allegedly a domestic abuser," citing the tweets as evidence that there are allegations that John Doe is a domestic abuser. You see this pattern with pizza gate (some dumb social media posts getting picked up by Republican news), and with Kyle Rittenhouse (dumb, false twitter posts picked up by left-leaning news). In the latter case, the news outlets have been getting sued for defamation because the reporting was damaging and so demonstrably false. Section 230 protection for these platforms erodes all standards of truth for news. I think most people who say they This are advocating for 230 to be rewritten, not misreading it. Personally, I think that individual curation of content should be considered an editorial decision, and not simply moderation. Tightly moderated forums where everyone sees the same posts are fine, but twitter/Facebook with their individualized front pages is not. Generally speaking, regardless of race and sex, upper management types tend to be sociopaths who are actually racist/sexist (see all the scandals about this every time an executive sexually harrasses someone). Embracing the idea of a "diverse workforce" is a great deflection tactic. Here's an alternative form of the "NYT/CNN should be canceled" argument: they should be held to the same standard as a private citizen when they behave poorly. If you write a blog post that doxxes a prominent figure and link to it from Facebook and Twitter, you are going to get banned from those platforms. The NYT can apparently do this with impunity, and calls for canceling other people and organizations who do this. In US law, there is a different standard for libel against "public figures" than against other people. The NYT gets to take advantage of this much looser libel law whenever they write a hit piece because they can argue that anyone who does something "newsworthy" is de-facto a public figure. As far as I have seen, the "cancel NYT" crowd is arguing that the NYT should be held to the standards that it pushes into others and obviously doesn't follow. It surprised me how well cloud providers have managed to sell "availability" and lack of responsibly for site downtime, and how much of a premium they can charge for it. Most people don't need 5 9's (not that any cloud actually provides that level of reliability) or infinite scalability, just a box that's good enough in both dimensions. They have usually gotten woke after becoming multi-billion-dollar companies. Being woke seems to be a luxury available when you have the money to spend on it. Cryptocurrency/blockchain is a valuable concept the way the internet is, but Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a nice proof of concept, but as a currency it has big problems that look like they won't be solved. Pets.com was also a good proof of concept. Except bitcoin isn't anonymous or decentralized at all... Transaction wallet ids are public and Chinese miners control the currency. This has always been a ridiculous argument. Human eyes have a much higher contrast ratio than commercial cameras, and have built-in stereoscopic capabilities with some degree of rangefinding thanks to the fact that they are quickly adjustable. Normal cameras have none of that. If there really have been no crashes with this system on the road, it is a testemant to how safe the average human driver actually is. That doesn't say good things about the future of self-driving cars. That is exactly what they should do, but the fact that a majority of voting shares are held by 2 managers makes the company have a huge conflict of interest that favors growing more and more rather than pulling cash out. I voted "no" on this. I didn't want to see Xilinx spend years working on getting acquired instead of working on new chips (which happened to Altera), and I thought that the acquisition price was too low given the current premium that AMD stock carries. My guess was the latter, given how high AMD's market cap is currently. However, Xilinx/AMD have some common technology requirements around 2.5d integration and 7 nm IP. I was hoping for an FPGA-SoC with some Xeon cores when Intel bought Altera, and now I'm hoping for one with Epyc cores. Intel at one point tried an FPGA-in-package with a server CPU. It turns out that you can't downclock/power gate parts of FPGA designs nearly as easily as you can CPU components, so the whole package had thermal regulation issues. You had to run the CPU at a very conservative frequency in order to let the FPGA use power as it needs to. There are FPGA-SoCs out there that are mostly FPGA, and that seems like the way to go if you want to combine FPGAs and CPUs, otherwise they should probably be on separate power and heat budgets. The move to the Intel foundry cost Altera a lot - I don't know if it was to position themselves to be acquired or if it was for some other strategy, but it was a very expensive decision. Stratix 10 on TSMC may have landed at the same time as Ultrascale+ from Xilinx. Generally, during and after a merger, there is a lot of instability in a company as layoffs in comparable departments get figured out and company infrastructures get merged. I assume that on the software side, you were insulated from this instability since they were going to need to keep developing Quartus (or its replacement) either way and Intel had no equivalent. I was an Altera customer before and during the merger (including after it was announced). It looked from the outside like sales teams and chip design teams had significant amounts of instability. I personally experienced months of delays getting Arria 10s (and associated FAE support) from our sales team immediately after the acquisition. Our new sales team from Intel (figured out 8 months later) was twice the size, had to push CPUs and Intel's software in addition to FPGAs, and was also dealing with the embarrassing situation around Stratix 10 delays. Unions in the EU have very different rules than unions in the US. In particular, American unions can essentially force an employer to become a "closed shop" through a majority vote. Everyone who works there then has to pay union dues and accept a union contract. EU unions involve more worker choice. By the way, one of the big proponents of gain-of-function research was Anthony Fauci. It makes sense that he came out and tried to control the narrative around the virus given that he may have been responsible for its creation. Some of us have to. Weirdly, the bitcoin exchanges are all there. Unfortunately, going one layer down, most ASIC tooling is extremely opaque about what it does, and it's hard to share chip designs that are open at all levels (you may have open-source verilog, but the GDSII might have to be closed-source due to vendor NDAs). I suspect that if you have problems with FPGA tooling, you will also have problems with ASIC tooling. However, the cost of an ASIC on an older node (~65-130 nm) is a lot lower than you think. There are (bad) free design tools and even older nodes may have open PDKs from foundries (the old scalable CMOS processes). I have been considering starting up a company to build hardware root-of-trust chips along the lines of Titan/Cerberus,but I don't know if there's enough of a customer base out there to make it a reality. It has not, and the type of design they show in the paper has a lot of room to improve (FIFOs everywhere, inefficient blocks, etc). However, video transcoding is suited to that approach since the operations you do are so wide that you can't avoid a speedup compared to software. Yes. Gain of function research involves putting evolutionary pressure on an organism to give it certain traits that can be found in the wild, but the resulting virus is anything but natural. I think a lot of people dismiss the lab leak hypothesis based on the idea that a lab-created virus must have an engineered genome rather than an evolved one. Fauci and his close colleagues (including the current head of the CDC) were ardent proponents of gain of function research, and funded gain of function research at the WIV to the tune of millions of dollars. Didn't anybody think it was weird that the head of the NIH, a research institution, not a public health institution, became the top public health communicator during COVID instead of the heads of the CDC? He had a massive conflict of interest and wanted to protect it. The problem with luck is that people who are extremely skilled at something seem to usually get inordinately lucky. Part of skill involves setting yourself up to get lucky. To some degree, problems of luck are also problems of volume: if you are president #45 and you have a 5% chance at creating a viral tweet, tweet 50 times and you will get one. While this is mostly true, there are some (very limited) circumstances where modern language constructs are legitimately the best approach. Generic libraries are probably the most obvious case where you may need some fancy metaprogramming. Move semantics and other similar tricks for avoiding copies are often used for saving much more than a 24-byte copy. Unfortunately, a lot of C++ enthusiasts who write this kind of code are language lawyers who might prefer to write in APL (a language with "expressiveness" and "beauty") than a language for humans. Honestly, I think the "killer app" for C++ was generics. If you could write a generic data structure in C without using macros (which are extremely hard to debug), nobody would have wanted C++. However, the Linux Kernel is stuck with AVL trees and primitive hash table algorithms due to complexity, while C++ programmers can blissfully use B-trees and fast linear probing hash maps without worrying about the data structure. 1. It protects his conflicts of interest by allowing him to routinely dismiss things like the lab leak hypothesis and control the narrative around the virus and its vaccines. It has allowed him to shape public policy in a way that deflects responsibility away from himself and his friends. 2. I was wrong. Wikipedia shows that the NIAID is part of the NIH. Still a research organization, not a public health organization. 3. Previous outbreaks, such as Ebola, SARS, MERS, etc. have _all_ been spearheaded by the CDC. The CDC is the branch of government responsible for managing disease outbreaks. The CDC head is therefore the "top public health communicator." It's worth noting that being a "communicator" here is much more than about talking to the public; it's also about who talks to the politicians. As a (former) FPGA developer, this revolution has been coming for a while, and I'm still waiting. Unfortunately, the programming model actually makes things really difficult for people who think in a software frame of mind. High-level synthesis gets part of the way, but not for low-level peripherals. PMODs are good for university/hobby projects with FPGAs, though, and I'm glad the bar is getting lower and lower. FPGAs are usually built on very high-tech processes, so the gap between an FPGA (at 28 nm) configured like an SoC and an actual microcontroller (at 90 nm) may be smaller than we think, and that may be the saving grace of FPGAs as hobbyist devices. I was an FPGA dev at a trading shop and moved to software at big tech. Hardware development in trading is fairly unique in that it is more like software than anything else. At other companies, FPGA dev is not well-rewarded, and is treated a lot more like hardware than software. That leads to slow development cycles and project-based hiring/management, which make it very hard to treat the project like software. In addition, lack of a standard library and bad tooling (buggy, slow compilers) makes developing simple things very difficult. The same attributes that made me a good FPGA developer have also made me a good low-level software developer (x86 assembly doesn't hold a candle to FPGA dev in complexity), so I do that now. FPGA evangelists like this really need a reality check. Programming in RTL is not easy, and it's not really a skill that most people need, so it doesn't make a lot of sense as an educational tool. The "killer app" for hobbyist FPGAs might be some sort of "SoC builder" tool that lets you build a specific microcontroller around a few high-performance cores, and then program it like software. But don't worry. Since 2000, mainstream FPGA programming has been right around the corner. Bitstream encryption is okay, but someone still has yet to make an FPGA that is truly secure. As far as I know, bitstream encryption on the Xilinx Ultrascale+ devices has been broken, so there isn't a lot of protection there against sophisticated actors. The tools are awful and software people don't know how good they have it. However, the tools also do a ton of optimization for you, and so it's somewhat justified that they take a long time to run. I think you are thinking of different types of tasks. A lot of RTL is brainless, but if you are actually trying to compute with it, it can get tough. A mediocre C++ programmer can write a (bad) hash table in C++ in a few hours. How fast can you give me one in Verilog? Nailing public figures who lie for personal gain to the cross serves a very important function by dissuading other public figures from doing the same. Otherwise, the math suggests that every public figure should be lying for personal gain since they can just get away with it. At least in the US, there are far too many politicians who think they can get away with lying through their teeth to the public. However, it looks like Fauci has outlived his usefulness to the ruling class, and they are currently in the process of throwing him under the bus. Fundamentally this comes down to the very American idea that everything legal is moral. What they did may not be illegal, but it certainly is immoral. People who do immoral things do deserve the public shaming they get. People do move there. Singapore picks up a ton of US expats, as did Hong Kong before it got swallowed by China. Bermuda and the Caymans have tons of companies and restrict immigration so tightly that they are less attractive. It's almost as if they get paid per click on that ad... There's no incentive for them to fix this, unfortunately. Everywhere else on YT there's a nice gray box that keeps the place of a UI element until that element loads. The first patent on a transistor was assigned in 1933 to a man named Julius Lilienfeld, who invented (conceptualized) the MESFET. He didn't get the same press coverage as Shockley, and also failed to commercialize. Shockley's 1948 patent was relatively late. Perhaps we just haven't had a "Shockley moment" in graphene yet. It would be nice if these other people stopped getting so much press, though. I tried the triplebyte test when I was finding a job ~2 years ago. The test was biased towards web developers (which I was not), and I failed it. It was an infuriating experience and turned me off to the whole concept. I went on with my normal job searching process (which generally involved recruiters who reached out to me, and friends giving referrals). I landed a very nice job at a big tech company and swore to never touch triplebyte again. This is just an anecdote, but I would bet that many highly qualified engineers failed the test once and then they decided not to ever go back. If the test had told you why you failed or what to study, I bet I would have tried it again. Stablecoins have ridiculous fraud potential. The idea of a crypto that holds 100% of its value in USD is just an unstable business. There's too much cash just sitting there, and it's too tempting to debase the coin just a little bit. Tether looks like they have been caught with their hand in the cookie jar a few too many times. I might trust a stablecoin backed by a big bank, but nothing else. Intel CPUs are also a bit more flexible on the high end: if you want 12T of RAM in one machine, you still need an Intel 8-socket machine. I wonder if this is costing AMD a bit in the server space. I actually was a hardware developer for a while, and I'm not sure this will pan out like the author thinks. A 1 GHz CPU on an FPGA won't happen, even a 7 nm FPGA. Also, host memory latency and bandwidth will likely kill any hopes of putting the special- purpose CPU far from its memory. The best outcome is a new RISC-V matrix extension, though, which sounds pretty cool and useful given the Apple M1. Good luck! HPC also sells a lot of GPUs. A lot of ML folks don't seem to appreciate that neural net training (outside of Google) is actually a fairly small market for the GPU companies compared to games and simulators. In college, I had the privilege of taking and then teaching a VLSI class like this. It was an amazing experience and I think more engineers need to go through the process. When I get the chance (no IP agreement with a company), I want to do the efabless thing that Google is offering 18 exabytes isn't that much if you want to uniquely address every memory byte in a (future) datacenter. Papers on RDMA-based unified memory systems are currently producing some very compelling performance results in workloads like pub-sub and mostly-read databases. It's conceivable that in the next 15 years, there will be special-purpose datacenter-scale computers networked with a unified memory space that need address spaces greater than 64 bits, especially with the high-capacity optane DIMMs that Intel produces. I used to think the same thing, but now that I work on SSD-based storage systems, I'm not sure this holds up in today's storage stacks. Log structuring really helped with HDDs since it meant fewer seeks. In particular, the filesystem tends to undo a lot of the benefits you get from log-structuring unless you are using a filesystem designed to keep your files log-structured. Using huge writes definitely still helps, though. A paper that I really like goes deeper into this: http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~jhe/eurosys17-he.pdf Edit: I had originally said "designed for flash" instead of "designed to keep your files log-structured." F2FS is designed for flash, but in my testing does relatively poorly with log-structured files because of how it works internally. Edit 2: de-googled the link. Thank you for pointing that out. I have been on both sides of patent lawsuits in the past, but I am not a lawyer, so this is not legal advice. You need a lawyer, but a lot of lawyers do this sort of thing pro bono for small companies. The EFF has a list of attorneys who can help. Interview at least 5 of them - ask for references, ask about past successes in this space, and ask about your case at a high level (give the one-minute overview of the case and ask about their plan). The good news is that most software patents are invalid (thanks to the Alice decision* in 2014), and will be struck down in a process called inter partes review, which is a cheap way to challenge the validity of a patent through the USPTO. When you interview attorneys, you might want to ask prospective candidates about the validity of this patent and if they see this as a viable strategy. Another dynamic at play here is that in many patent proceedings, the loser pays attorneys fees. You may not end up paying a dime, even without a pro-bono lawyer. Trolls like threatening lawsuits to pressure you into a settlement, but there's a lot at risk for them if they actually sue you for infringement. *The full opinion on the Alice case is here, and is very interesting: https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/13pdf/13-298_7lh8.pdf EDIT: Also, if your lawyer suggests that you might be able to invalidate this patent, you may be able to band together with some of your competitors to share the cost of invalidating it. Chinese law is extremely hostile to foreign companies, forcing them to give up their IP and have a large operating presence in China (including a political arm of the CCP within the company). No other country is so hostile to foreigners, and international pressure should be applied to get then to change this behavior. It is antithetical to free trade and free markets. It is completely understandable that foreign companies are staying out of China, because China effectively bans them from operating unless they are local companies. Robinhood's spreads are much larger than many other brokerages because of the deals they make with order flow buyers. Yes, they are still at or better than NBBO, but many brokerages will give you price improvement on crossing orders down to near the midpoint price (unless you are very good at timing the market and already have a great price from crossing). I did an A/B test of this, and found that RH was actually an outlier in terms of how bad your executions are. In my opinion, a hash map that needs to chase an extra pointer to do a lookup and uses insertion order to provide deterministic iteration order seems like a hash map that hates me. Using keys that aren't strings is also table stakes for hash tables these days. If your desire is only deterministic iteration, just use a hash function that gives that to you. Many libraries randomize this in tests so you don't rely on it, but you can always set a custom hash function. This will give you a much faster happy path than something like this structure. C++ unordered_map unfortunately forces a bucket-based implementation. I don't know about Java. I suppose that most people don't ever erase anything from a Python dictionary? Erasing items would lower the effective load factor of the array (or be O(n) so you can do a big memcpy). It's interesting that this highlights how Python users use dictionaries very differently from how I use hash tables (as a C and C++ programmer). In the last few years, people have been designing hash tables to run at much higher load factors, but if the decision was made before ~2018, I can see why the iteration speed argument would result in a structure like this. In the EU, patents have escalating fees. They don't escalate very fast, but I think this would help with innovation a lot. IMO the first ~4 years can cost a few thousand dollars (so you can get your startup up and running), but the 20th year of a patent should escalate to several hundred thousand or million dollars. That way, building a long-lived "patent fence" becomes economically infeasible the way it is today. Most drugs appear first in publicly-funded research, but so does every other compound that can get past a p value of 0.05. The main value proposition of big pharma is that they take those results, find the ones that actually work (very few of them do), study them for side effects, and characterize them. There is a LOT of work between the published research and an actual drug (there is actually significantly more risk and cost to go from a paper to a drug than to write the initial paper). Louis Rossmann is a popular youtube creator who is a bit of a rambler, but the upside is that you can read something else while you listen to him. In the last year or so, he has done a lot of ragebait on commercial real estate and the abusive government of New York, but his original content was on right to repair, repairing mac devices, and running a small business. New York (the state and the city), Chicago, and California are the reasons why I will never live in a state or city with only one strong political party at this point. All of them are kleptocracies (and effectively dictatorships). I've never lived in Texas or Florida. You are correct that the main competing technology is throughput compute (GPUs, TPUs, ML processors) rather than "general-purpose" CPU-style compute with batch size of 1. The way we use CPUs is fairly unique, though, where we time share a lot of different code on each core of a system. Trying to move CPU applications to an FPGA-style device would be a disaster. I used to believe that FPGAs could compete with GPUs in throughput compute cases thanks to high-level synthesis and OpenCL, but it looks like most applications have gone with something more ASIC-like than general-purpose (eg TPUs and matrix units in GPUs for ML). That has happened to me so many times that my last company shreds resumes from foreign students with a prestigious American masters where the undergrad is not similarly prestigious (eg IIT and Tsinghua are good, but not many other schools). We did only hire from about 20 schools in the US. The unfortunate thing is that the masters programs did not filter nearly as exclusively as the undergrad programs. The reason is signal integrity. Running a high speed signal (never mind a bus of 64+ of them) through a connector is hard and takes a lot of power because the connector can seriously degrade the signals. LPDDR can be low power because it doesn't have a "memory stick" abstraction, just memory chips and controllers. It's not the resistance that kills the signal, it's the inductance and the impedance mismatching. I think you're referring to DDR3L DIMMs, which are just a down-volted version of DDR3. LPDDR has never had DIMMs because of signal integrity issues. They take power to resolve. The last barnes and noble I went to had a liberal shelf and a conservative shelf (not labeled as such, but clearly separated). I live in a county that biden won by I 100% agree with breaking C compatibility, breaking ABI compatibility, and turning off vintage C++. Unfortunately, CVEs come up when security researchers find something interesting to publish, whereas actual breaches usually come from a hacker exploiting some sysadmin's poor configuration. but it has brought food prices from 'Reasonable' to 'European.'