> When discussing something with some one there are occasions when I'm genuinely curious as to why they have a certain line of reasoning. I want to ask "why do you think that?" but it always comes off condescending. The degree of condescension perceived here is going to be a function of /how/ you ask; but also realize that people often don't have good answers for their reasoning or can't articulate them well. If I'm going to delve in to someone's reasoning, I'll start with "that's interesting" - said as genuinely as possible. I want someone to think I'm asking because I'm /interested/, not because I'm trying to prove them wrong. I'll normally then start to ask them questions about their reasoning, rather than ask them for the reasoning straight out: "So does x mean that y is also true?" or similar. A small amount of prodding like this, and they will usually start to talk. People fundamentally consider their views and opinions to be both important and interesting - if you can /show/ interest in them, rather than worrying them that you've about to prove them wrong, then you'll get traction. > Is there a method/statement for suggesting an attempt at becoming friends with some one? "Hey, want to be friends" is unutterable for me. No matter how I imagine saying that line it feels pathetic. If I don't drink beer or coffee is there anything else to ask someone out to do in order to have some bonding time? I always use "Hey, are you on Facebook?" Facebook is a great way of making low-pressure bonds with people, although you'll have needed to build sufficient rapport first. Invite people to come to an event that you want to attend, that you think they'd be interested in. After the first few meets, it'll be way more normal to "just hang out" but people often want an excuse at first, so they're not worried it'll be awkward. > How to accept a compliment. Thanks or agreement feels egotistical. Trying to act as humble by playing it down doesn't seem to be received well either. Big smile, and "you're very kind". Then people don't know if you agreed, or you were being humble! Social win through obscurity :) Man, it's good to see Perl's barrier to deployment slowly coming away. Feels like CPAN has been both a blessing and a curse to Perl in this regard - it's obviously a feature that gives the language the ability to punch significantly above weight, but has also traditionally made simple deployment of Perl apps a PITA. cpanm and PSGI are big parts of the puzzle. I feel like I've seen a lot of metrics about how Android /will/ be the platform of choice, and little that suggests the vast majority of consumers buy Android phones for anything other than price reasons. I felt this way when my Kindle broke at a start of a holiday, and I ended up with 20,000 lines of code near the end. The English words for 'schadenfreude' and 'entrepreneur' are 'schadenfreude' and 'entrepreneur' respectively. Or did you think the rest of the language came to us on stone tablets? The follow-up point everyone is trying to make is that your idea of 'strict English' is bogus. It's a bit like complaining that there's no English word for 'forest' because we stole it from the French, or veranda, which we stole from Hindi. I also want a cut, but no-one ever asks me... https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Halo_effect This is a neat-trick, and I ♥ Javascript, so even better. In terms of ramping this up to actually be a viable revenue source... I guess you'd need a browser plugin which was hard-core about making sure you agreed to usage, and verified to the server that you were actually doing the mining you'd agreed to - and that could tap in to the GPU. But then, if Bitcoins become worth something meaningful, wouldn't we all be using our GPU most of the time to be generating them anyway? In which case, the website starts asking you for the opportunity cost of using your GPU instead, and you know how much that's worth, and boom, micropayments. I used to make about $1,200 a month from a website with dating advice on it, via affiliate sales of dating products. It started off as a Digg-esque site for the vast quantity of dating-related articles on the net based on some custom Perl I hacked together, but I quickly realized that while that was getting me linked by 'dating experts', the traffic it was bringing in didn't convert, where traffic to very generic articles ("How to meet girls at the gym") converted much better. I tried to make sure it was updated every day, and finding, sourcing, and writing the articles took an hour a day. I ended up selling the site for ~ $16k when I needed some money to pay a tax bill quickly. There are now so so so many sites farming this kind of content, I think it'd be very hard to reproduce in this field. That said, the affiliate commissions are pretty good - one guy would pay you $40 for every $20 ebook of his that was sold as a result of you (because he figured you'd sent him a paying customer who'd end up spending a lot more with him). This guy also wrote an awesome book: http://www.amazon.com/Power-Full-Engagement-Managing-Perform... These points are weak - there are other weaknesses of BitCoin, but these aren't really them. Almost every issue he raises attacks BitCoin as a medium of exchange (which it doesn't need to be) rather than as a medium for storing value. Taking them one at a time: > Severe Problem Number 1: Seeding Initial Wealth He doesn't really explain why this 'problem' is a bad thing. There is a limited supply, and there needs to be a distribution system. While this one may not be perfect, it doesn't cause any systemic weakness in the system. Early adopters will do well, yes. But the degree to which people mine or buy bitcoins now is the degree to which they think they'll be valuable in the future - bitcoins already have a price. People who have mined them will sell them to you. Nothing stops you purchasing bitcoins now if you believe the price will go up. This is how markets work. Hearing someone complain about it is like hearing someone complain that people who buy assets cheaply on the stockmarket will make a significant return. > Severe Problem Number 2: Built in Deflation A bad thing if you're trying to replace a country's currency system with it, and excellent thing if you see them as a store of value. This is the same as people complaining that any other asset deflates over time. > Severe Problem Number 3: Lack of Convertibility This is the closest point he has to being right. Lack of convertibility is a current problem, but economics should solve that. All you need in order to convert your bitcoins is a person who is willing to trade. To have an efficient market, you need an exchange. Here's the crux: bitcoins have a value as long as someone is willing to buy them off you. His key point here seems to be that 'no one is completely invested in the long-term success of the system' - yes. This is also true of your MSFT shares. No-one is guaranteeing that they will be worth anything in the long run. > Severe Problem Number 4: When Something Goes Wrong, It Will Die Perhaps. I went for dinner with some Fx quants last night. One of them brought up this point, and then they all laughed and said "And that's when you invest heavily in it". All assets change their prices based on bad news - most recover again and people who doubled-down at that point make money. A thousand times this. I got really in to programming when I realized I could create ... and then share with anyone to whom I could get a URL So to get this straight: the guy who took Apple's icon for syncing and added a wifi symbol thinks Apple ripped him off taking their icon for syncing and adding a wifi symbol? Who'd a thunk. Javascript is also popular because it's FUN and FAST. I'm working on a project where I've been doing parsing of HTML in Perl and I'm ripping the guts out to do in an embedded V8 engine - has the added bonus that I'll also be able to deploy the guts to a browser. Getting up close and personal with Javascript changed how I programmed in other languages. Passing anonymous functions around, abusing map and grep functions (which are easily enough hacked in), and the knowledge that many people will be able to read and understand and contribute to your code... I feel like the message here isn't so much a failure to accept failure, but more of an early, total acceptance that they were failing and allowing that insight to stop them wasting more money, rather than holding on for dear life... I used to run a JSAN mirror back in the day - I had thought it was largely defunct :-/ As a Perl programmer for ~ 14 years, CPAN is what keeps you coming back to Perl over and over and over and over again... Well there's that, and the license raj... But then there's also an empowerment issue - or so I have come to believe - which is that non-Western companies are loathe to empower their lower-ranking employees to make decisions of any kind. If I get on the phone to call a bank's customer service centre, and I get put through to an outsource call centre in Dublin or Glasgow I am a HAPPY man. I know the person on the other end of the phone has been given buttons they can press to make my life better. I know that if I explain a situation well enough, and am persuasive enough, that that person probably DOES have the power to change things. If I ring up my airline to beg for a status upgrade because I got 290 points instead of 300 last year, and I am put through to someone in a Western country, I know that they will be empowered to say "OK", and to help me out. If I ring up anywhere, and am put through to India, or Egypt, or Qatar, I know I'm fucked. I know that the person on the other end of the phone is not allowed to make decisions. That they have just a script. That they have not been trusted with the authority to help me out... I like: http://betterexplained.com/articles/how-to-make-a-bookmarkle... as a reference It's interesting what you can do with a questionnaire... Back in the day (a few years ago) I worked as a full-time dating coach. As you can imagine, there was always a credibility gap for potential clients, and one way we'd try and mitigate that was to offer (and to absolutely honour) a complete money-back guarantee - if you didn't get $3,000 worth of value out of your weekend, you could have your money back, just by asking for it. As a coach, with the way the business model set up, even one customer asking for their money back was a financial disaster - there were lots of sunk costs in terms of accommodation and flights. Anyway, through sensible use of a questionnaire, I got my personal refund rate down to literally 0. None of my 600 students (over the timeframe I ran workshops) asked for their money back, and I attribute it to the questionnaire (and our being awesome dating coaches ;-)) The workshops were split in to 5 hours of seminar on each of Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and 4 hours "in the field" on Friday and Saturday nights. We had to maintain a 3:1 student to instructor ratio, and could sell up to 12 places on the weekend. As a Lead Coach, I was responsible for all of it (and had laid out the cash from my pocket for all of it, too). On both Saturday and Sunday morning, I'd give the students a questionnaire, although Saturday was by far the more important of the two. I'd start by asking them general questions, phrased to get them thinking about the positives: * What's been your favourite aspect so far? * What's been your key learning point so far? * How many girls did you talk to last night? * Describe the best interaction you had last night... * What are you going to try and do differently tonight? (on the Saturday) As Tony Robbins says, the quality of your life is determined by the questions you ask yourself. Students will typically have had a LOT of great experiences, but also a few blow-outs, and a few low points in the evening. What I wanted to do was to focus them on the best aspects of what they'd learned. Our big worry was always that we'd get someone who'd come along, enjoy the program, and then ask for their money back right at the end because they were cheap. Now technically they weren't allowed to do this - the money-back guarantee stipulated that they had to tell us and give us time to fix anything they weren't enjoying. So to me, the crucial questions were then: * Which coach did you work with? * Would you be happy to work with them again tonight? (on the Saturday) Now the coaches were great guys, and what's more, would all go the extra mile for students. Students would run, hide, tell coaches they didn't want to do it anymore, etc, but the coaches would stick with the guys and MAKE them talk to girls. And the students LOVED them for it. By capturing the student's enthusiasm for the coaches in writing, I got two things: Firstly there was an implicit agreement that they were having a good time. And that was good, as long as the student /was/ having a good time. But also it gave us time to spot any problems WELL in advance. Every workshop, one guy out of 12 would have had a not-great time on the first night. Some students and instructors just did not get along, some guys had some really deep-set problems, and needed one-on-one love-bombing. Without the questionnaires (and at first, I was the only Lead Coach using them), these were the guys who asked for refunds. By getting them to answer questionnaires early in to the process, we were able to identify them and take corrective action... Anyway! That's quite a wall of text, so: tl;dr: you can use questionnaires to change the way people think about things, and also to catch problems well before they happen... I agree with the thrust of what you're saying here, although: > TDD won't improve your proficiency Disagree. Knowing that you need to test your code, and going back and testing your old code gives you a real feel for how to split out code, how to write interfaces, and how to organize your objects - at least in Perl and JS, which are the languages I'm proficient in. If you know that your routine that'll be accepting an object might be accepting a mocked up object, you're more likely to resist the temptation to get all molesty with its private methods; if you know you'll spend time trying to drive up the code coverage, you'll be more inclined to abstract and not repeat yourself. Random plug for a book that made me a waaaay better Perl programmer: http://perlmedic.com/ When I lived in Bangkok, I met a couple of interesting people passing through via ASW. And a couple of them, when I told them I was running my own show because I COULD NOT STAND working for other people, and because I'd feel like an abject failure taking a 9-5 for the rest of my life, said that they'd found this was a common theme - People who start out by themselves are often driven by an inability to be satisfied with a 9-5 other than some deeper nobler entreprenurial drive that people seem to fetishize... Here is an extract from an email I sent my cofounder recently, regarding getting external funding, and the martyrdom MUST WORK HARDER AND BOOTSTRAP complex. Seems relevant: "I've been reading a lot about boot-strapped startups recently. My feeling is that we want investment early ... although not too early. I think once we have an active small user base (1-200 users, even), that's when we look to investment for building up the next steps of it. This may not be the idea that makes us rich (although I sincerely think it will be), and I'd rather share the risk (and return) of that with an investor, rather than slaving away on it for three years to find out it doesn't work, just so we can squeeze out an extra percent equity..." https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/ASmallWorld Not mentioned in the article: sell your company to a competitor of the giant who's just realized one of their competitors has entered a new market place, and wants a way to catch up quickly... I feel like you've misunderstood the aim here. It's not /really/ to create a new cycle lane, it's to provide a visual indicator of the presence of a bike in a place where a motorist who has a cyclist in their blind spot will see... Lots of them will provide a very noticeable indicator, and that's good. Actually, almost all of the comments are since it got posted here, and as of right now this second, I don't see it's popular on Reddit... This seems to be an American thing - many Europeans really trust the police. Certainly in the UK I expect police to be helpful, polite, and fair; from everything I've read, that doesn't sound like the case in the US My Dad spent much of his life involved in developing-world water supplies. The class of problems they'd come up against seem to be the prototypical "Westerner Meets World" experiences eg: local priests convincing Brahmins that they'd lose their caste if they drank from newly installed village taps, as they were standing water - the result being that they'd knock the heads off all the taps, destroying the water pressure... What does any of that mean? He was a civil engineer working for DFID, then called ODA "I struggle with keeping timelines that I've set, and then have been late to achieve. I also struggle with communicating just how critical our timelines are to my developers." That's ... wrong. Your developers are unlikely to be missing deadlines because you haven't explained to them how important you think the deadlines are. Developer productivity is rarely linked to how important for the company a goal is perceived to be. Sure, you can squeeze out an extra day a week, once or twice, maybe, by making a big song and dance about deadlines. One of the things I like about Agile, or whatever you wanna call it, is the explicit statement that if something's going to miss a deadline, you can change three things: You can change the amount of resource; you can descope functionality; you can move the deadline. And that's all. As far as I can see from the pictures, people like women more when they smile, and men more when they lose weight. If you're in London, the Taste Card is a good option, although there are only a few 'high-end dining' option available on it... "If you thought the abortion debate was heated, wait until you have people trying to become immortal via the wire. " Misleading. People are against abortion because how else are you going to punish those terrible terrible women for not staying at home and doing what their fathers and brothers tell them?! Here's a Perl implementation: use strict; use warnings; use List::Util qw(reduce); use File::Slurp qw(read_file); sub word_count { reduce { $a->{$b}++; $a } {}, map { split(/\W+/) } map { lc read_file $_ } @_; } I just turned it on on my account now, and I was able to skip the phone number step. I started thinking about this after hearing MtGox talk about how they were 'gradually migrating' users over to a new hashing scheme. Yes, that's exactly what you'd want to do No, but it's fundamentally a lot more fun to program in than Java. Because of the slow initial rollout? Even Orkut did that... Learning Javascript changed my Perl for the ... more fun to write. Possibly better, too. I've started passing around coderefs as arguments to functions a lot more recently, and allowing people who use my APIs to do just that... I've been writing code that allows you to describe a website in data and at a high level recently, and builds you up all the methods you need to interact with it. In general, when people need to provide parameters, I also let them pass in coderefs that can be executed to provide those eg: my $name = ref($args{'form_name'}) eq 'CODE' ? $args{'form_name'}->( $self, @user_options ) : $args{'form_name'}; my $form = $self->mech->form_name( $name ); Also, randomly: I started putting bug bounties on my code on CPAN: http://search.cpan.org/~sargie/Data-Google-Visualization-Dat... This made me more conscientious about what I release ;-) It's a great book! Here's something really cool: ultra-linguist and general bad-ass Sean Burke went through it doing all the examples in ... Javascript! http://interglacial.com/hoj/hoj.html I recently put together a commentary + code on how to upgrade passwords hashed insecurely in your DB without user intervention. This was in response to MtGox talking about "slowly migrating users", which presumably means upgrading passwords at the point of login: https://gist.github.com/1051238 Here is an example: https://gist.github.com/1051238 Why do you think that isn't what this is doing, only with fault tolerance to allow more than one scheme upgrade? This article is /right/. We won't wake up one day and be all "oh shit we ran out of oil". These things work on a gradient, yo. As the market prices in upcoming oil scarcity, so prices will initially rise. The price of oil today prices in future scarcity. As the price gradually increases, other alternatives start to come online from a financial viability perspective. As more money is spent on those alternatives, so economies of scale start to kick on, so new R&D resource is spent on alternatives, so governments jumpy about energy security subsidize, etc. If you want a natural resource to get all paranoid about, in ~20 years, South East Asia will have a 300m person gender imbalance - there will be 300m men who can't find a wife, can't start a family, can't settle down, and can't get laid. I wanna see how the market solves /that/ one. Longer term, yes, absolutely. Also: rising personal wealth tends to sort the problem out too... But, the children who are going to cause this problem have already been born. Takes 14-18 years to grow a girl of marriageable age, depending on where you live... Maybe a sophisticated market in wife futures will emerge. UTC is enough for - as the article suggests - storing a date. Storing a recurring class of dates is - of course - more complicated; but then has anyone ever suggested otherwise? What would you replace it with for storing a single date? Now if you can just tell me the name of your first pet, we're good to go... This article gets angry and anti-Chinese pretty quickly from a fairly balanced start. > Does everything sexual have to be the bastion of men? No, but this was > Does everything sexual at a woman's expense have to be misogynist by implication? Yes. The clue is in the phrase "at a woman's expense". Does everything invoking female sexuality have to be misogynistic? No. > Does everything sexual have to be juvenile? No. But inappropriate sexuality (ie: naming a software library after sexual assault) is juvenile. Only in the hugely unrealistic scenario where doing such a thing suddenly pauses all of his cash-generating assets. Which it doesn't. I did this recently. I ended up using lesscss for the gory details: @space: 10px; @block: 60px; .block-width ( @blocks ) { width: (@block * @blocks) + ((@blocks - 1) * (@space * 2) ); } I consider this to be the canonical piece on grid-based design: http://www.slideshare.net/riomusi/grids-are-good-2593754 My knowledge is probably ~ 7 years out of date here, but back in the day when I worked in AV, labelling and removing spyware was a task fraught with legal issues. AV companies could recognize and trivially remove such a thing - but chose not to, so they didn't get sued by well-monied corporations who got very upset at their "User Metric Software Toolbar blah blah blah" being marked as malware. I wonder if that's the case here. This isn't the first time I've seen someone with experience only of a lower level language get all aflutter when they first make a real attempt at using a higher level languages. At a contracting gig I had, one of the Java guys gave us a talk about Scala. And OH MY GOD SCALA HAS MAPS and OH MY GOD SCALA ALLOWS FUNCTIONAL ITERATION OVER LISTS. It was like his entire relationship to programming had changed, and he had to tell the world. I felt for the guy - he was clearly pretty excited about this - and it must have been like a breath of fresh air for him. The talk didn't go down that well though, as it was to the Perl team... Actually, it's entirely meant to. Your velocity maps points (assumed difficulty) to real time. Once you've done a few tasks - some of which will have involved massive yak shaving - your velocity figure starts to take in to account estimating for unknown problems. Additionally you're meant to estimate in 'points' against other tasks - was this as difficult as x? And never never ever use hours for the estimation. I wonder what the ceaseless appeal of stories like this is. They seem to pop up a LOT. In Perl, for reference: use strict; use warnings; sub counter { my $n = $_[0]; return sub { ++$n } } my $c = counter( 5 ); say $c->(); say $c->(); In Perl you'd be more likely to write: bar($_) for @Foos; There are problems with this. a) What constitutes a 'test framework'? Is Selenium a test framework? Jenkins? What about Test::WWW::Mechanize? What about TAP? What about Test::More? These are all tools that one uses to assemble a test framework; I've rarely seen two projects that could be (or rather should be) tested in the same way. Almost all use a blend of custom parts, off-the-shelf parts, and a bit of glue... b) Not-Invented-Here is a problem, sure. But sometimes you need to build your own stuff because what's out there isn't good enough, and you want to do it your way. What if the guys who created Catalyst or Moose or DBIx::Class or Plack or Dancer had said NO, what's out there is good enough? This would have been so so so much better if it'd stuck at 99% Except contractors - good contractor in the UK makes £300-£600 day programming > The first is that most people with an unsophisticated financial perspective (eg: hair dressers) are not aware of gold Nah. Most people have an unsophisticated financial perspective, including loads of smart people. I have had many, many quite smart people I know (who aren't in finance) tell me about how they're buying gold or silver at the moment. Why? "It's safe and it has real value. You can't eat dollar bills [sic]" These people know what gold is, and have ultra simplistic views on why they should buy it, as well as the means. Anecdotal: Spotify on the Mac doesn't seem like a resource hog at all. Never had it spike the CPU as far as I can see... Running it on a MacBook Air on which I normally have a few Linux VMs open... I say I say I say... use strict; use warnings; use signatures; sub ( $builder ) { return sub ( $n ) { return $builder->($builder)->($n); }; }->( sub ( $recurse ) { return sub ( $n ) { if (0 == $n) { return 1; } else { return $n * $recurse->($recurse)->($n - 1); } }; } )->(5); More from Forbes: http://blogs.forbes.com/edzitron/2011/06/29/planered/ Whut? Listen kids, testing is a tool for HELPING THE DEVELOPER, not for using to engage in a "more pious than thou" dick-swinging my Cucumber is bigger than yours idiocy. Testing is about giving YOU THE DEVELOPER useful and quick feedback about if you're on the right path, and if you've broken something, and for warning people who come after you if they've broken something. It's not an arcane methodology that somehow has some magical "making your code better" side-effect... The whole concept of "test driven development" is hocus, and I speak this as someone who writes a lot of tests, and who charges a lot of money for fixing test suites. Instead: developer-driven testing. Give your developers useful tools for solving problems and supporting themselves, rather than disappearing in to some testing hell where you're doing it a certain way because you're supposed to. It's hocus where contrasted to developer-driven testing, because Test Driven Development - as a development methodology (as opposed to a tool) - espouses that you Write All Your Tests first. Have I had experience (and much value) out of sometimes writing tests for certain problem classes before writing any code? Yes. Changes to existing functionality are often a good candidate. Does TDD as a methodology suggest you should ALWAYS write your tests first? Everything I've read suggests so. And "as any fule kno" [sic], this is idioicy during a design or hacking or greenfield phase of development. Allowing your tests to dictate your code (rather than influence the design of modular code) and to dictate your design because you wrote over-invasive test. tl;dr: Writing tests before code works pretty well in some situations. Test Driven Development, as handed down to us mortals by Agile Testing Experts and other assorted shills, is hocus. Civil Engineers these days (or this is my understanding, anyway) DO use AutoCAD and 'all the fancy computer stuff' because testing allows you to code more productively, when you do it right. That's why engineers these days do automated simulations... At the point where you're writing tests to impress other programmers (see article) about how much of a 'craftsman' you are, you lose. When you're writing tests that help you as a developer, and help get the software out more quickly and with higher quality, then you're doing it right. I think you're narrowing in on the distinction I'm trying to make between a methodology and a tool there; writing tests before you implement a piece of functionality is a useful tool to have in your testing toolbox. Labouring under the idea that Tests Must Come First (and everything I've seen, and everything I /do/ see now suggests that that is the central idea in TDD - you write a test, then you write the code to pass it) without pivoting to see that testing is a useful practice in so much as it helps developers is the wrong approach. Sure, but you write /some/ tests first. And that means, if you want to do it meaningfully, that you either need to zoom down in to tiny bits of functionality first in order to be able to write those tests (see the isPalindrome discussion in the article), or you write a test that requires most of the software to be finished, or you cheat and fudge it. Making tests a central part of the process because they're useful to developers? Awesome. Dictating a workflow to developers that works in some cases as the One True Way: ridiculous. > I can understand it doesn't suit all problems, and can potentially be a hinderance sometimes Then why do it exclusively? Testing is about helping developers, and recognizing that automated testing is about benefit to developers, rather than cargo-culting a workflow and decreeing that one size fits all. Writing tests first as a tool to be deployed where it works is "Developer Driven Testing" - focussing on making the developer more productive by choosing the right tool for the job. Generalizing a bunch of testing rules and saying This Is The One True Way Even When It Isn't (I mean seriously, you continued to use it when it was a hindrance?!) - that's not right. It's funny how only people who've never lived in the Third World ever compare the UK or the US to Third World countries. Doesn't this also mean that someone(s) is betting $1B that the US will NOT lose it's AAA credit rating? A trade needs someone on both ends... The line from Lisp to Ruby should go from Lisp to Perl - all the Lispy features Ruby has - as I understand it - were lifted via Perl... > [I personally think that] the tone of this "list of rules" comes across as rude > I've been around academia for long enough I wonder if these two things are linked. I'd love to receive a list like this from someone I'm meant to be interacting with - it shows me they're serious about the work rather than serious about egos. You couldn't get away with this politically in the Western world without a huge stink, although from a capitalistic point of view, it's the right thing to happen. China in capitalist trail blazing shocker? ;-) I'm in exactly the same boat. I've been doing Perl for 14 years, and never use a REPL. Occasionally I'll hit 'perl -e ""' on the command line, which I guess is a similar idea... All governments, everywhere, suck, but the UK coalition appears to have been sucking less than most recently... I have this pet theory that coalition is always going to be the way forward for the UK. All the mainstream parties have some pretty good ideas, with a few pieces of radical idiocy on the edges. In coalition, parties can drop the radical bullshit parts, while implementing all the sensible ideas they have. Or even your own projects. I have day job, I'm finding a few hours every day to write open-source, and I'm finding a couple of days of extra time a week to work on my startup. Hard work? Yes... But I only see the day job as actual work, and that's only when I'm not working on something interesting. Programming is awesome, especially in Perl :D Step 1: Huh, that's a pretty cool feature Step 2: I bet I could ... Step 3: Quick check of CPAN Step 4: Zounds. http://search.cpan.org/~erwan/Python-Decorator-0.03/lib/Pyth... http://i.imgur.com/nta4G.gif (from SMBC, and I can't find the original :-P) I'm really happy where I'm contracting at the moment, but like to apply for challenging-looking roles. Two big benefits here: a) If somewhere offers you a lot money, you can take that back to your current employer. I've had a 30% payrise from that before on my day rate. b) Slightly bigger companies with big pockets are often hiring 'unofficially'. That means if they know you and like you, they're often willing to employ you. If you've applied for a job, but turned it down while being very very positive about the company, you've got a set of contacts there to email when you current contract doesn't get renewed... I like MJD's quote the best: "Like C without the speed, like Perl without the toolbox" Nothing there is stopping you reading the source. That may be your opinion. I suspect in the UK you might well fall foul of the Computer Misuse act: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1990/18/section/1 I've sent people links to my CPAN modules before and asked them to critique the code; if they come back with something sensible, that's a good starting point for discussion. > but you know one of the big lessons of a big project is you don't want people that aren't really programmers programming, you'll suffer for it! Take that and shove it up your cross-functional agile team :-D http://www.amazon.com/Self-Discipline-10-Days-Thinking-Doing... http://search.cpan.org/~abigail/Regexp-Common-2011041701/lib... I was coming here to write almost exactly this. Markets are provably not 'instantly' efficient because arbitrage exists. Arbitrage is simply not possible in an efficient market, because it's an exploit of inefficiency. However, exploitation of abitrage (and of knowledge generally) is what makes markets largely efficient. > For customers, Groupon adds almost no value And yet my girlfriend and her friends spend a shit-load of money on items they find on it, because "it's such good value". That's /a/ point. Whenever people start harping on about Market Efficiency, you need to find out "why do you care?". The answer to "Are markets efficient? I have this hot stock tip I read on Tech Crunch" then the answer is yes, because other people have more time, money, expertise and - as you point out - computational power - as well things like preferential data access and physical proximity to the exchange. In our case, we haven't returned. Whenever she gets her hair cut now, she finds somewhere that's on offer, which is a specialization of the bigger point, that she nows uses GroupOn with the expectation that there will be a deal on something she wants... That was my hope too, but it seems to say you need to already be working under an H1B visa.