Many colleges/universities existed before the Gutenburg printing press (see Oxford, Cambridge,University of Paris). Was there speculation at that time about how the book (the next big thing in information distribution) was going to put them out of business? When I first started coding, both reading it and writing it, I found that a lot of people wrote code in an unnecessarily complex way. Then I would decide to code it in the much simpler way I saw in my head. As I coded along, trying to add the features I needed, I would see a way to be even more flexible for only a little cost. Frequently I would go back and look at the "ridiculously complex" code, only to find that our implementations were similar after all. My understanding of the problem was much more sophisticated tho. This happened frequently, but in retrospect, as I practiced this more, I found that I was discovering the similarities between my solution and the already existing code much sooner. Eventually I learned to trust the other developers, that they had a more sophisticated understanding of the problem than I did. I also learned about refactoring and how that affects code shape (going through a similar process to that mentioned above). Other times when I find reading the code to be a problem, it is due to "future flexibility". Sometimes this is needed, others it is a waste. One thing to keep in mind tho, is that the "future" represented in the code may have already passed. I have some code I am frequently accused of "prematurely future-proofing", however in reality the changes the code was handled to design are now mostly incorporated. At the time the future-proofing was done however, life was hectic and "must do" changes were coming down the pipe daily and the flexibility paid off. Finally, there is the option that its crap code. I and most others have written plenty of that too. One thing that helps me in that case is to stop trying to figure out the code as a whole. Instead I refactor it as I go, since well factored code can lead to a big decrease in cognitive load. Best luck. Wait, you're actually saying that: 1. Someone still makes non-standard cd-roms? 2. Someone else still buys them? After learning you are person #2, why would anyone ever trust any other judgement you make? Speaking of strawmen... Please tell me which desktop you mean. Do you mean the home desktop? Or perhaps the administrative assistant desktop that needs access to the calendar, word, and email, (maybe the web too...). Perhaps you mean the desktops of the engineers, using autocad and a pile of specialized tools. And so on. Each of the above has different needs (perhaps even vastly different). A smart consultant/company/etc would go ahead and stop trying to use the same tool for every job. Some of those environments could probably switch to linux, and after a couple of months of "getting used to it time" everything would continue on as if nothing happened. The point is that "the desktop" has always struck me as a strawman to begin with. 1)Korea 2) I have yet to meet a cd-rom in this century that didn't just work with linux, no matter what it declared. After naming an asian company, then stating some vaguely related nonsense about talking inanimate objects, I will now imply there is some sort of link to your sex life: you are impotent. Despite your pretense of cleverness, I did in fact see what you did there. You pretended that my ad-hominem attack, which trivializes his judgement based on my disbelief of the existence and his subsequent buying of some obscure hardware invalidates his sweeping generalization about an entire industry (an argument silly on its own since driver problems are a universal issue), is somehow the same type of ad-hominem attack as stating random unrelated facts and listing the implications of poor reasoning, reductio-ad-absurdum. Well sir, you are wrong, my blatantly ad-hominem attack (which is pretty absurd in itself) is not the same as your poor attempt at using a witty question to counter it. Edit: the above run-on sentence is intentionally confusing and absurd. Im too young to know firsthand, but I recall during the .com boom here in the states one of the problems was that anyone who knew how to spell html could get a programming job. It was a hot field and people seeking the "big money" were getting programming jobs they didn't deserve. On the university side I knew several people who switched majors to business when they learned that coding involved typing (no joke). Perhaps the same is going on in India right now? From all accounts, programming is the hot job in India. I bet if someone put together a good summary of the "brilliant" people in a field, and had them talk about the level of talent when that field is the hot job, it would look the same as these coder stories. I think this article makes some good points. In fact there are times when I've been very frustrated at the "We can't to better than RDBMS" attitude many times. Particularly that time we were storing a tree in a table. Specialized data stores are very neat. I do however think there will always be a good place for the traditional RDBMS. For instance, there are times when I'm creating that I don't know what the layout of the data will need to be, and where the optimizations will be most needed, so I back an app with Postgres. Should I need to expand later, it will be easier as I have actual data to work with. I guess the point I'm trying to make is: unless you know for sure that your data will benefit from a different model (e.g. known performance needs, or a better conceptual mapping), not using an RDBMS seems like a premature optimizaton. Just because the frog in the pot turns out to be not literally true, it certainly demonstrates a point in a nice, succinct manner. Im sure everyone knows by know the frog will jump out in real life. Do you teach your children to ignore "its not easy being green" since no frogs can actually play guitar or sing? Or do you let them take the metaphorical meaning anyway? Can you please go over the cases when you would choose one over the other (BSD vs Linux that is). Even some bullet points would help. I've never found anything that didn't delve into a flamewar, and I have always been curious about such choices. I know many of my better ideas have been done over a weekend or afterhours for a week. The thing is that when its not a "complete project" these things are very easy to bang out. It's the next 6 months where the polish gets added. (side rant: and over those 6 months the frontend guys get all the oohs, ahhs, and credit, despite your having done the core work). I've been thinking about this a lot lately. It seems that hardware may be the New Way (tm). There exist some pretty exciting technologies for cheap, namely FPGA boards and SOC (system on a chip... and/or nano-itx). These make a very large portion of hardware design much simpler. We can suddenly apply software rapid development techniques to board design with the FPGAs. Further the SOC makes much functionality within a product just software development. Further, there are many exciting "hobby kits" which make gadgets very creatable and testable, since they allow for easy plug-and-play hardware creation. This sort of thing makes prototyping very very easy, and the rest can be outsourced pretty well. Sure there are complications that I know nothing of, but I think there is an abundance of supply chain for a lot of projects, making small hardware companies totally possible. A slightly different perspective on the above: I beleive there exists at least one market that can be exploited by putting together existing big components in fun new ways. I really enjoy looking at other people's code. I also enjoy them working on mine. I tend to approach the situation as "I can make it better". Sometimes I'm just blown away by what is there. Most of the time however fresh eyes are good, and I can refactor it prettier, or add edge case handling or whatnot. I also find maintaining my own code boring. In my head, I've already done all the interesting bits. Letting someone else work on it, then bring it back to me makes it interesting again, because it turns on all sorts of new ideas based on what the other person discovered (and I missed). In general the best code I've ever been part of has included passing code around the group. Ownership of modules was shared by at least 2 people, and everyone had input on it. Unfortunately this gets ruined frequently by the type of dev that thinks my changes to his code are an insult ("it was working just fine before, now its all weird, I don't know what you did" where before means before the spec changed). That feeling of not wanting to stop, while responsible for most of my noteworthy accomplishments, scares a lot of people. I have had several people who have tried to "fix" me because they decided that me being up most of hte night finishing something was unhealthy. They never seem to understand the idea of ramp up time, nor do they seem to understand the fickle mistress inspiration. There was one guy, a kind of mentor to me, who tried to tell me it was a moral imperitive to get up early and get to work, to show the bosses I cared. For some reason staying late didn't show the same thing, particularly if i took advantage of the flex time and showed up around noon. Fortunately this guy was not my boss, and instead I get to be productive in the way that fits me best. Fortunately this guy broke off the mentorship after I got promoted in spite of my "terrible scheduling habits". I worked in a place where devs were also top-tier tech support. This worked well, as we got to figure out what the problems were, got to help teach our users the capabilities of the system, and got to look cool when we fixed a problem in 2 minutes. This was for an in-house network appliance, so our users were pretty technical anyway, which definately helped. What did not help tho, was when the help desk got lazy and started directing tickets to us which had no place in our laps. Then it all went down hill. In short, its balancing act. Well, are you also including the fact that there is nothing forbidding repeated words? You sir are right. I should of course trust the officials and you as to wether or not I should know something. Those people didn't get to be official without obviously having the utmost concern for my well-being, and without wanting me to be fully informed of the important stuff. Who do I think I am, wanting to know something that someone else deems improper for me to know? I used aquasocks as my footwear for a long bike ride (70 miles each day for several days), and they were great, breathable like flops, but not nearly so many collision issues with panniers. :) I dont know about running, but I do know about barefoot. I have always been a "no-shoes" kinda guy. The less I deal with them the happier I am. Seriously, if it is a cold spring my friends will avoid me till the weather warms up. Unfortunately I live in Illinois, and we have those times of year where frostbite is the natural result of barefoot. So every winter I put on shoes :(. This causes me to revert to heel walking (a natural result of shoes). Once the shoes come off it takes about 2 days to get back into midfoot walking. This seems to me to feel more natural, and my feet just sort of do it. I presume this will be similar for you, maybe not quite as fast, but I am certain your body will have walking instincts for barefoot styles. HTH I'd also reccomend wearing flops as much as possible for your walking around shoes. Midfoot strike is not just a running thing, it's also a walking thing. Flops help this. Barefoot is better, but glass is a bitch. So here is my general thinking on this contest, with an eye on computational efficiency: 1. SHA-1 is done in 64 byte chunks, with the result of one chunk being the base of the next. Padding and length only factor in at the last chunk. This means you can half the number of computations (or even 1/3 it...) by computing the first block of a "prefix string" then going from there. 2. Cuda is good on integer ops. SHA-1 is integer ops. 3. All the combinations of Not saying anything the article says was wrong per-say Im saying that large amounts of computation can be factored out from the naive approach, large enough to be meaningful that is. Actually, if anyone has a good cuda card and wants to team up on the code writing email me: sophacles@gmail.com. We an use different random seeds when it comes time to running the stuff or whatever... I just think it would be fun! A simple criterion would be "capable of calculating the most results", which can be objective and meets some definitions of "best algorithm". I thought that shared mem of 16kb was on a per core basis? It's very possible I misunderstood, in which case: crap! Either way the, the algorithm I have in mind looks pretty matrixy, if you want I can keep you updated as I test things out. True. However I do not have copies of code I wrote in the past, but I can probably bang out all the interesting parts in a matter of a few days, from memory. It's not that I am that super of a coder or anything, it's that the interesting parts took a lot of thinking, therefore remembering. I think that's why it was 'steal' instead of steal. Right. I think the point is that someone wants me to work for them based on what I did for a competitor. This whole code stealing thing is silly when its really my ability to help them steal the ideas that matters. They already have the knowledge by getting me, code is pretty irrelevant. Of course the technical stealing is easier to prove with the code... I don't need to be a chef to know someone's cooking sucks. I don't need to a writer to know hack writing. Why does this guy need to be a programmer to know crappy webapps? Further why does his marketing mean that he can't have observed and lived the "do what you love and the rest will follow" message he presents? I call bs. Sure, the chef needs to go listen to other chefs about cooking, technique, ingredients, whatever. But I bet that same chef can go to non-chefs about things like book keeping, marketing, what customers want, etc. Further, plenty of restaurant owners, restaurant workers, restaurant enthusiasts and/or people who eat can totally get up in front of a chef and say: hey stop making crappy food no one wants it. Or even "this food that you are all making used to be trendy and clever, but now that everyone is doing it, its just sucky and boring. Here is something cool instead". Bringing the analogy back around, it is pretty arrogant for developers to think that the only person that can speak about the end product is another developer. Sure, I wouldn't listen to a marketer about what framework to use, but I sure would when it comes to declaring aggregators old-hat and sucky. Can someone explain to me why this comment was modded to -1? I mostly agree with you, but I have one serious doubt remaining. If the company in question was so broke, how could they hire a new contractor instead of just paying the current one? That action leaves a bad taste in my mouth, I think perhaps the original developer had good reason to want more than just the money they owed him for his contract work. It looks to me like there were lies involved, at least somewhat. So, the book Omnivore's Dilemma asks a question which I'm not sure is sufficiently answered by this study, but may be answered elsewhere (and I just don't know): Is it correct to treat food as a commodity. For example (ripping straight from the book here) is a carrot grown in Michigan the same as a carrot grown in Florida? There is a base assumption that we can treat the foodstuffs as commodities, but if this is not true, we cannot believe this study. If the organic is grown in already marginal land, while the "standard" food is grown somewhere fertile, is it possible to get these results, or possibly results indicating organic food is less healthful? I find this to be sadly true. I work for a university, writing software for research groups. I only have a Bachelor's degree, and many of the people I work with are working toward's ph.d.s or already have them and are doing post-docs. What they don't have is practical programming knowledge. I spent 3 hours yesterday convincing a group of grad students that the just because the library we are working with claims to be standards compliant does not mean that it is. I even wrote code to demonstrate how the library was broken and the simple steps to work around it. The other group members refused to believe the real life results, because the documentation and some ph.d. (who wrote the docs) said otherwise. The worst part of this is: it is not even a core bit of the research, it should be simple to say: hey this 3rd party thing is broken, but when we do foo, we get the behavior we want. I firmly believe every CS degree should include a practical component such as internships, or a demonstration of skills by working on OSS or similar. This would not only help cement the theory, but also help with practical issues like making code maintainable. Most current curriculums use throwaway homework assignments, encouraging and reinforcing ugly code. Woah! My birthday is at the end of august, and for the first time ever I know what I want and it's only July. I have a similar, but slightly different problem. While I know that CS and programming in general can be translated into useful math knowledge, I always mistrust my math. I suspect that i don't understand the math correctly because I understand it, if that makes any sense. The weird terminologies and reputation for being way hard always erode my confidence in my understanding. I know nothing of abstract algebra. In fact I don't even know what it is :). I do however view mathematicians in the same way I see the programming languages crowd: they like to play with these ideas and extend them for their own sake. The solve these puzzles and show that this principle is true, or that group of formulae can be generalized like so. It's up to the rest of us to notice when a particular problem fits some solution they have provided. Another part of this is: math is like alpha, and computer programming is blub, at least according to the math guys. According to Apple and AT&T , jail-breaking supports terrorists, or some such crap. woah, talk about alliteration, I wasn't even trying! One thing this guy doesn't mention, that I would think relevant to the discussion: Every language currently used by more than 4 people has a notion of FFI via C. This is nice as it allows for the old "profile it and write the slow bits in C" type programming. I particularly like that style of programming, because in the end, you only need to do C style intensity for a small bit of code. Over time, the number of these small, but useful bits accumulates, and the result is a decent, bottom up style library, without the pain of having started in C. (It also helps avoid the cruft...). He's not saying don't do anything. To use your metaphor, he's saying: Don't put a bandaid on it and claim you saved the man's life. Moving towards personal sustainability is OK, but there is no use pretending it is a major fix. It is more of a start, a way to get people thinking about the world they live in. After that the real work must be done, and not just harm reduction, but actively fixing the things we've broke. In fact the article points out one thing that struck me as particularly insightful: Current environmental thinking suggests we can only live in such a way as to harm our environment. This suggestion is way too convenient, as it reminds us all that we are sinners (environmentally). I think that maybe this sort of thinking is what bothers people about environmental types: it feels like religion, not any sort of fact based solution. Not according to the book mentioned, they are actual portable electric fences designed to be very light and trivially easy to set up. And... if you don't need lots of communication between nodes, I'd guess EC2 probably is the best way to go in terms of $/computation too. I write open source software for fun. No other reason. Your ability to use my software for stuff is a side benefit for you of this. Writing documentation is not fun. I don't want to fill my fun time with not fun activity. I will however take money for writing documentation (quality not guaranteed). In this case, I'm fairly certain your last sentence gets to the heart of the issue. The biggest motive of most people writing OSS stuff is: Fun. Documenting is un-fun. Since there is 0 obligation on the author's part and any benefit gained by others is a side-effect, documents won't get written, particularly to appease people who come in an demand better docs without offering any compensation. Good point. I wonder at what % utilization a cluster beats EC2 in terms of $/computation. Actually I'm sure there are all sorts of variables, and it becomes an optimization problem, but I think it would be cool to see an analysis of this in terms of $, computation power (time/jobsize or something), etc. The best index writers can't match a decent full text search. For that reason I fully support google book search -- It's easier to re-find information I already read. I have read books on google books, and then didn't buy them, but I wouldn't have bought the book anyway, particularly technical books. At least this way I may recommend your book to someone. You make a good point, however: 1. I have had many people become angry with my stance on documentation for MY projects (written with the above contraints, for fun, for me, if you want to use it: cool not my goal tho). That sort of entitlement ruins it for everyone. 2. It is still done for free, if you don't like the results offer compensation for your choice of improvement. If the work is all volunteer, some stuff that isn't fun won't be done. (debugging is more fun than documenting, since the former is required for something to work right). This is why most non-profits also include someone who is either paid or otherwise rewarded for doing the crap work. Strange -- I always just sort of assumed that since they are making big clusters, they could spend the extra $$ for a good multicast switch, and that MPI did ip multicast. (a quick googling shows me to be wrong...). Ugh, after reading that article I have that same feeling as when I accidentally stop the remote on fox news. This one time I had to work at a place where a postgresql install was not only the main datastore, it was also the main system message bus by abusing notifies. Further the enterprise message bus was a homebrew thing that was written to both pass messages and do RPC, oh and be the main way to monitor if a remote site was up or not. I think both of those count as well. For those who are curious: given these were linux systems, d-bus was the right answer for the former, and something like RabbitMQ or OpenAMQP, or even JMS solutions would be the proper answer to the latter. Oh man, I wish I had this at my last job half the team had over 50% of these symptoms, one guy had 90%. They believed, and had somehow convinced management, that they were great programmers! Some awesome practical examples from those guys below: Overheard statement "You know when I was in college I learned C. I just can't get the hang of these objects, so I try to avoid them". The guy who said this is now 34, and has programmed python for 4 years. A guy who would copy and paste 100 line blocks of code, and then occasionally thing "oh yeah, i need functions", and then finish out the current function by passing 12 parameters of state to current_function_2(). If you combined the func, func_2 and factored out the 100 line blocks it would be reverted with a commit: "stop making this so complicated". There was one guy who insisted that using templates was only for web frameworks, to use them to write system/config files (done frequently due to 3rd party daemon limitations) was an abuse of the templating system, and we should just use inline prints. The program was to be called with prog > /etc/conffile. One guy who decided that threads were so tricky, that he was the arbiter of thier use. My idea of a job queue and worker threads was "too abstract and hard to debug", so we stuck with the "tried and true" one thread per job method, all spawned at once. I could go on, but you're all prolly bored now :) tl;dr: i worked with the guys the article was written about Good question! The postgres solution was unexcusable, it was always used side-by-side with dbus. The other was around before any affordable[1] enterprise message busses existed, however as that changed the buggy solutions was still touted as "amazing new tech that keeps us ahead ofthe competion. No we can't switch to something else". [1] Affordable being defined as: this particular company could pay for it without going out of business. I have done this too, particularly in small projects. One thing I try to do in these situations is imagine what functions would be useful should I extend the program later. Anther trick is to imagine a different pardigm, i.e. coding it up as a state machine. What I gathered from the original article however, is a focus on those guys who will decompose long_function(params) into short_func1(params), the last line of which is return short_func2(params, 12 state params); . For starters howabout: 1. you read the bad list and thought "oh crap!" 2. the oh crap is no longer a problem for you, but remembering the code with that problem makes you wince. Cool link, cool vid -- Im so glad this wasnt some javascript thing taking the metaphor too far :). Seems like a waste of metal tho -- anyone know why this would be done? (other than to show off 1337 cnc skillz?) Thanks for the info. Why is machining stronger than casting? it seems to me that to make a billet you'd need to cast that first... As a related question: Is one method more energy efficient than the other? It's always nice to see someone do an honest self assessment, and then own up to it, even the negative parts. My current office-mate is like this, he sucks at coding, but is very broadly knowledgable in tech stuff, and very good at bringing ideas together, and getting broad strokes of what needs to be done fleshed out. I'm sure a lot of places will hire someone like this, but the job title is usually Architect or similar. As a tangent, if I was him, I would fess up to this at interview time -- any employer who doesn't want good self assessment from employees doesn't deserve someone like this. Thats not the only part. Near the beginning about 4 groups of women, and the ones who exercized a lot did not lose a significant amount of weight over those who did not exercise beyond normal. The heavy work out group did however report eating more calories. Then there are 2 or 3 pages about low intensity workouts being good because they stimulate calorie burn without stimulating hunger (with a tangent on brown fat in rats). In fact there are several examples in the article about compensatory eating, such as the women who would get muffins after jogging, canceling any extra calorie burn. My friends and I call that jabber :-P I also do this naturally. I call it "reading a movie" and it works best for: fiction, computer stuff, and to a lesser extend where I already have some knowledge. It also works when I'm not tired. When I start 'reading words' (your wife's inner narrator), I have to give up and stop for a while. When reading new and difficult stuff I'll usually read each chunk[1] twice, once for the words and once for the picture. This seems to be the best. I do notice that I have an above average reading retention in my peer group, but at a conceptual level. I am absolutely terrible at quoting, since the ideas are transferred, not words. Does the your experience match mine? [1] The groupings can be a couple sentences or a couple of paragraphs per chunk, depending on how unfamiliar I am with the topic. Well stated-- thanks. Quoting the article: "Fluent interfaces Now that's an interesting recommendation since it contradicts directly Stephan's suggestion of not using setters, because make no mistakes: fluent interfaces are setters in disguise. So, Stephan, which one is it? :-)" Functions are just goto in desguise. switch/case is just an if/elif/else in diguise. Objects are just structs with some fancy function calling semantics. So which one will you use? Fluent interfaces may just be setters in disguise, but they add quite a bit of value. I can do plenty of physical activity and labor without going to a store (an activity that I very much dislike, with the exception of the grocery at 3am when I'm the only customer). The point is I can now choose how to do my physical activity. Better gaming model: design a cargo box for the tunnel with web cams and laser turrets (or some other form of rat killing small arms). Working title: ratpocalypse, until something cooler is suggested. Dvorak has a reputation for publishing these screw-ups. It has been going on for years. The guy is the shock jock of tech columnists, or maybe a Bill O'Reilly, or at least that has been his reputation for a long time. This sort of history, going back years, should be taken into account when people judge the most recent actions. This is just common sense. Your personal ignorance does not mean you are correct to chide those who do know of Dvorak and his history. No, it's ok to call them incompetent. However it is ok to call self-admitted trolls jackasses, so you're safe :-P The python code mentioned is still susceptible to timing attacks. Not on the same scale as a bytewise, return on first inequality algorithms, but it's there. The return statement will take longer when the result value is 0, because then it will compare 2 lengths of strings. This could be enough to distinguish between correct and incorrect compares. Since the usage of zip in that case will only compare the shorter of the strings to the start of the longer string, you can still achieve the timing attack, since the only inconsistency happens on the final comparison. A better solution would be to check for length equality before doing the zip, or to pad the shorter of the strings compared to the length of the longer. Maybe also to just make the return statement: return (len(a) == len(b)) and (result == 0) which may be sufficient. Cool, I didn't know that would work in python in this case (testing shows it does). Thanks :) y/w. This actually brings up an deeper problem too: the vast majority of the timing attacks exist because of little algorithmic optimizations, such as return on first inequality. In most cases such a comparison is desirable, as it is on average 50% faster (depending on specific data characteristics). We as computer people do these sorts of things as second nature, because we have been taught that efficient algorithms are always best. In cases like these, even when I know that there is a major problem being fixed, I cringe at the inefficiencies. It seems also to be a cause of other types of security hole, e.g. "why should I check this data, it should have already been checked, If I do it here, it's a bad redundancy". Anyway, rambling thoughts aside: thanks for the article. Not really, if this attack is doable over the internet, which will have latencies randomly[1] distributed (in a normal curve), rand does not actually do anything, well maybe require a few more sample points to get that noise out. Heres one: http://crypto.stanford.edu/~dabo/papers/ssl-timing.pdf which is rumored to have been used a couple of times "in the wild". (edited to have the link i meant). this is pretty cool. If only xkeys would put out drivers for osx and/or linux to program their matrix boards :(. This has bitten me a few times. CS type journals should totally start requiring source, or at least links to it. I have more than once gotten the source used for a paper, only to find the claims of the authors were nothing like what the source actually did. Worse is that frequently there are leaps of "oh it will work like this" in the papers, which are show to be wrong by the code! Yes, used properly. He's showing ways that information can be misrepresented when using colorscales IMproperly. Also he's showing that there is no such thing as "the one true colorscale". If this product can replace roofing boards (usually plywood), would that mean no more need for shingles either? A close join with good caulking seems to me a reasonable roofing material. Other similar uses seem to exist in places where plywood is traditionally used but rots away relatively quikly. Could this also be used in lieu of pressboard for cheap furnishings? My big question tho is how much energy does this process use? Is it energy efficient enough to offset the wood/glue/manufacturing of plywood stuff? Except when we get our real job we will get the same starting pay you got. That's without adjusting for inflation. Seriously, My best offer out of college was for a programming job paying what my father was offered for an entry level sales job in 1979. However, we are paying 2000's prices on our college education. We'll be lucky if we get to have the inflation adjusted equivelent of 500K in retirement to lose. Fair enough, shingles + tarpaper (or polymer) seem to work as a pretty good waterproof layer, supported by plywood. I guess it seems to me that the polymer/tarpaper layer is more for keeping moisture away from the wood than keeping water out. The shingles seem to be for water.... so if the support layer doesnt need the protection, and instead offers an impervious barrier, why not use this plastic sheet in an overlapping manner (think roof slats for lincoln logs). It essentially becomes shingles + board all rolled up into one. Edit: it also seems that metal roofing does not follow the same set of constraings that shingle roofs do, which suggests to me that this plastic roofing could be very viable. From the article: "... around 50 micrograms (billionths of a kilogram)". Oh NPR -- I thought you were better than that :( Edit: njm below is correct, i misread that as "billionths of a gram)". I rescind my above frowny face and apply it to myself :( Hopefully this will lead to a better metric for digital cameras... like the: Low-light ISO eQuivelency Rating (LIQR), in which a higher number means it takes better pictures at parties, the pub, etc. :) In seriousness, this is cool it's about time a digital camera manufacturer realized that I don't want to be a lighting expert when taking snapshots. No, i missed the that they were talking about kilograms not grams. Once again my "no posting on the internet before coffee" rule shows its wisdom... and me my foolishness for ignoring it. Good spot. Funny I call all scientists who did important work by thier first name. I don't know why I do this, but I frequently refer to Dick (feynman) or Enrico, or Bertrand. Actually, if I were to hazard a guess, I would say it is to confuse a certain type of person, namely those that have very rigid thinking (a little lateral stretch is good for you once in a while). Perhaps I should make an exception for Galilleo and start calling him Galillei. :) Gah, this piece is fluff. I don't have a pile of poems memorized, I'll admit that. I don't have phone numbers memorized either. What I do have tho, is a very broad knowledge. I know enough about a lot of things to effectively search, and i can retain lots of stuff, I just don't do the details. Does this mean I am not as capable of coming up with something new, or that Im not as capable of coming up with something new in the same old ways? Because I have access to top-shelf knowledge of many fields, I can put ideas together that would have remained separate for lifetimes in previous generations, or is this synthesis different from some "one true creativity"? Another angle: How many of the tags you use to idendify yourself are actually group membership tags... e.g. pythonista, founder, etc.? How many of the activities you do only make sense in the context of people (productive member of society stuff)? Even more, how many of the things you do are because of the consequences for or from others (feed your family, help your friends, do something recognized as really cool)? Where "me" stops and society begins is always a bit fuzzy. Wait, you're saying this article, which is about the past, somehow requires prescience? So the now-past is different from the future-past? Can we compare the now-past with the past as it will be on 9/1 and somehow glean a way to make piles of money? Please add an academia option for employment. I work at a state school so I put government, but that feels wrong. Maybe, just maybe, this statement is not about the politicians. Maybe the comparison has to do with the part where there is arguing on the streets between "the sides" of the healthcare and stimulus debates. It could be about a certain charged tension one feels because you can't look anywhere without someone trying to convince you that "$issue is (good|bad)". Maybe its the blowhards on tv are raging about how unfair the other side is being, in a way that rivals election shennanigans. Heck the politicians are double-speaking about policy just the same as always, so I'm not even sure what your retort means. But you are probably right, that comment was about the politicians themselves. Only politicians can make it feel like election season. That's what smileys are for. :) Agreed. If you had been here, i would have picked up on the body language/intonation cues that it was a joke. But keyboards don't got that :( Becuase the university signs my paycheck, not the state. Some of the money to fund me comes from Federal grants, some from federal contracts, some from private contracts, some from private donations and some from state funds. (I work on several projects). So while the institution is subject to state regulation, and can be claimed by the state it is a separate entity. Thats why claiming government is wierd, it is not the only source of my income. Most people in academia have a similar mashup of funding. Oh man, modern SCADA protocols suck, mostly because none of them are modern. There are hundreds of small proprietary protocols, and a few larger "standards", such as modbus and DNP3. None of them are very good. Frequently they are designed to be run over serial lines (rs-232,423,485). The IP layer for these is mostly just "ecapsulate the whole thing in an IP packet (or TCP/UDP), and have some bad glue code for the networking". Sometimes there is no real IP connectivity, but instead it is effectively telnet to a serial port concentrator. Further, being designed for serial, many of these protocols (the state machine for the prot itself, not the implementation) can't handle multiple packet streams at once, opening easy DoS attacks (way less traffic than "flood the network"). Finally there is no concept of authorization or authentication, so anyone who can get a command to the right box can send a "turn off everything" or "change parameters to damaging[1]". To further complicate matters, these networks are usually cordoned off with firewalls, but there are all sorts of wierd exceptions, for vendors, engineers, consultants, etc. These may be through the front door, or via a cellular modem randomly attached to a device somewhere in the facility. The final complication is that SCADA networks and systems have lifetimes measured in decades, that $1B plant better work with no significant downtime if it is ever to be profitable. Of course with such big stakes, no one ever wants to change anything once it is working well enough, which does not help (sometimes with good reason, it will take a year of disassembling to get to that controller!). A big human factor I have not discussed yet also exists: The control systems engineers tend to scoff at computer security folks. They think security is easy... put up a firewall, sprinkle in some encryption and always have strong passwords! They flat out deny that there may be real world implications to some bug that is found, or they say "the firewall will handle that", or "its unlikely to happen". In all there is a lot of interesting work to be done here, as these systems are increasingly hooked to public networks for efficiency and business reasons, there will be more call for good security. And there are TONS of these systems, your building's hvac... if it is medium or large it is on a SCADA loop, power grid, traffic lights, factories, SCADA is a quiet giant, it is everywhere and no one seems to know it. [1] It is very much possible to tweak settings in control systems to ruin products, to run just outside of "safe operating range" and ruin a part in 1 year instead of 10, and other subtle forms of sabotage... I think I wasn't clear enough. You are absolutely correct in your assessment of those guys, 30+yrs of live system is a big deal. Its the guys these days who, despite the tech having moved forward, and problems having been found, and solutions to those problems being well tested, still insist that modbus is the way to go in new systems, "just run it over ip, it'll be fine, we can artificially limit concurrency out" (their method is DoSable in at least 4 ways). Sometimes "its been done this way for 30 years" doesn't mean "nothing better has been found", it means "there is a lot of inertia and stubborn-ness". Is this because the semantic web is completely unattainable, or because the definition keeps shifting (e.g. todays "normal web techniques" are yesterday's "semantic web")? In nyc 100K is a modest salary. Judging by cost of living calculators, it is roughly the same as teachers make where I live. So you're saying that we should not or can not learn from the experiences of others. The idea that most people are wired roughly the same holds no sway with you, and that only personal experience can possibly show you how things work. This means you never take into account reccomendations for movies, or books or restaurants. Never learn from others' mistakes right? Thats what you are saying. Of course none of the above takes into account the fact that you are biased to judging yourself well (my actions were of course right). Your analysis could be based on some flawed assumption (the happiness i get from X is the maximum of happiness, maximizing the little happinesses reaches a global maximum, not a local one, etc). Or that other people could possibly know more than you. Not that this comment matters, only your judgment and thoughts could possibly be correct in the end. Thank you. That made my day. You should make stickers, with a picture of turing. Across the bottom it should say: "Dude deserves a KCMG". Aren't they the same line? I have the 500GB in the same series (with the corrupted firmware) and the fix did very nice things for it. Also, I have never had problems with the 7200.12 (the newer version of the same drive) in a 1TB model. It seems to me that their business model, and their requirements, and their implementation solve one problem, and they do it well. The problem backblaze is solving is backups. Their front-end software sends a pile of data to the datacenter, where it is written en-masse. Should restore ever be needed, the data is then transfered back en-masse. Both of these operations have needs that are different from an S3 type service. Backup/restore can have latencies built in, can have slow seek times, etc. This allows them to take advantage of the lower end hardware. For example each of these "pods" only has 4GB of RAM. If I was doing lots of random I/O on 67TB of drives, I would want a heck of a lot more ram for caching efficiencies. One thought I had regarding that -- their client talks to a "main server" management system, which talks to each pod on using the tomcat layer. The "main server" then replies to the client with an IP or similar to send data to directly. Since this goes over the web, https is used for security. Since https is already being used, it is not so difficult to use it all the way for authentication etc. Not day to day, but I can send a vial of spit off to a company which will then tell me if I have any genes which increase risk for certain illnesses. I can then take preventative measure. For an old timey medical thing, which is really what you should be comparing your medical knowledge stuff to, not electricity, what is a practical, day to day, benefit of antibiotics? (I would argue the curing your sickness is a special occasion benefit, even less day to day than preventative measures taken from the genome thing). One of the big problems with this article, and it also applies (albeit slightly differently) to the singularity folks, is this: You are comparing normal existence today with front edge people of the past. This is easy to accidentally do, because it is much easier to see the people who really jumped all over lighting, and telephone in the past when looking from now. Further it is much more common to write about those people than it is to write about the smiths, who not keeping up with the Joneses, didn't get the telephone for another decade. There were plenty of places in the us that only used outhouses into the 70's. Horses were used for plowing and whatnot into the 1950's (tractors having been around for decades at that point). My point is, in 50 years we will be writing about the curve the internet took, and my children's kids will grow up believing everyone did this internet thing fluently. It will be hard to explain to them how a lot of my contemporaries will never quite get it. Much like I still can't quite wrap my head around the telephone troubles my grandfather's parents seemed to have. I guess the point is, there really is not a good way of measuring impact of technology until we can look back and go, "woah, that was a big change!" or "what a dud!". Compare period write-ups of the future of zepplins or pneumatic tubes, to current reality. There is the possibility that reaching singularity means something different than those folks think. For example, it could be that the singularity is real, however one of the consequences of ever increasing technological improvements is that more people have more power than ever before, and social structures and protections (e.g. law enforcement) are not able to keep up. Such a thing can result in the death of all of us at some point shortly before singularity, via accident or madman or similar. Another possibility (assuming singularity) is that the after effects are far, far, different than anyone predicted, and it happens pretty frequently around the universe. This could easily explain why we haven't heard from super advanced species elsewhere in the universe. Singularity effects could have reached us as many points in the past, perhaps starting our own quest towards singularity. Or, as you say, it could just be that singularity won't happen. (I am inclined to agree with this myself, the above disagreement is just an exercise to keep my mind open.) So this is nice, but is it super fast/efficient? It would seem to me that this sort of thing is where inline assembly, on a per processor basis, would really make a huge difference. Is this sort of thing well enough known that compilers already do it for us? Anyone know a lot about this sort of thing?