It's interesting that UI's started out program-oriented, then document-oriented, and now going back to program-oriented. Microsoft in the 90s Standard Oil "Pay them enough money and they'll start caring? Yea, right". We should tell the same to CEOs and bankers. It will have gone full circle when Facebook, Groupon and Twitter will have an IPO. VCs and other investors will get their money back and individual investors will absorb the losses of the collapsing pyramid. I agree. In the 90's bubble the public got let in earlier. Now VCs and investment banks squeeze all the value out before the public finally can invest. That's the problem with Microsoft these days. It's just plain boring. Windows 7 has been out for more than a year and no new features. I agree. It's just hard to stay interested when they update their stuff only every 3 years or so. Very true :-) I love Dell's site too. They could do something that my Windows folder doesn't eat up 30GB of my SSD disk. Or do something like an app store where all applications get updated in a uniform manner. They could make the backup program usable. There is so much that could be done. Sometimes I wonder what the 50000 (just a guess) or so people in Redmond do. I think reducing doctors' salaries is a good idea. This theory is one of the most self-serving (for overpaid executives) arguments I have ever heard. In the US he would get a boatload of money as retention bonus to stay on. It works pretty well though. Every issue is framed as a decision whether the country as we know it will be destroyed. Seems a lot of voters like this style. That would be OK if there was a functioning market for ISPs. But there clearly isn't. Most people don't have a choice of service provider and the cost of entry is too high for new competitors to come in. This is just basic human decency and I am sure Apple is not the only company doing this. I don't think it's a good time for some guy from Silicon Valley to praise some entity from Silicon Valley for doing great things. Reminds me of Twitter getting all the praise for revolutions while people were dying. Let's praise them when they spend some of their billions on earthquake relief. I always think the same thing about lobbying. The contributions to politicians are really small in comparison to the benefits received. Maybe we should make bribing more competitive to raise the price in order to make it less profitable? I don't think regulation will help (maybe a little). They will find other ways. The whole culture needs to change. As long as they can get away with blatantly unethical behavior nothing will change. Not sure how to achieve a cultural change though. The current system is very profitable for both parties. I think a third party or a press that reports facts and calls out blatant untruths may help. That's what worries me about nuclear power. A well maintained plant is probably very safe but there is an incentive for operators to cover up flaws in order to save money. Let's wait until more power plants get old. They probably should be shut down but that's the time when they are the most profitable and fixing problems is the most expensive. http://www.theonion.com/articles/american-people-hire-highpo... I don't understand why they can't give us a profiler that shows memory consumed by add-on and start up time by add-on . This shouldn't be difficult. Then everybody can see where the problems are. If I leave Firefox open during the day the memory goes up to 1.2 GB. The performance slows down at about 800BM memory. I have 8 GB so it's not a big deal but it still seems an awful lot of memory. It worked for them well for a long time. From what I hear managers there finally have managed to take over. They probably made the necessary changes in the 90s. While VS is good I think they made a huge mistake pricing Team System to up to $10000 per developer. The Express versions are nice but they don't contain a profiler for example. I don't think it's smart trying to make money from developers. Apple made the same mistake with the Newton when they priced the dev kit at $800 (not sure if that's accurate but it was expensive) while the Palm dev tools were free. I think the idea is good but such a system could probably be gamed easily. I am sure students would start to pad their resumes with great sounding projects without any substance. This is one of the few areas where bipartisanship works. Wall Street is the most important part of the economy no matter who is in power. That's the thing about lobbying. The ROI is very high. I think the compatibility with older browsers has always been a cheap excuse. It shouldn't be too difficult to have a setting that forces certain URLs to run as a specific browser version as you mentioned. I think that's fine if you spend other people's money. For boot strapped I'll always go for mediocre instead of failure. Sometimes you can use this for trade ins to Amazon directly. Last week I traded in a book that had several prices for $100. Amazon took it for $27. On other sites you can get it for $24. Cancelling the sale if you don't like the price sounds a bit unethical :-) It's definitely a real issue. I have been working at a desk since my 20s. Now in my 40s my legs go numb after sitting for a half an hour. The problem goes away when I am on vacation for a few weeks. I bet a lot of health issues would go away if people could spend less time sitting. I have tried different chairs and postures without success. I teach yoga classes a few times a week and I see a lot of people (age 40+) showing similar symptoms: numb legs and arms, lower back pain. I believe an additional problem is that if you sit the whole day the muscles at the front side of your body get too short and the back side too long. So when you finally exercise this imbalance may cause even more problems. Same here. Left leg goes numb. Daily exercise of around one hour can't compensate. I think sitting pretty much the whole day is a very new thing. I don't think many people did that before computers. I have read somewhere that the ratio of administrators to teachers goes up constantly. That would also explain the rise in college tuition. More and more administrators and consultants to pay. Wish I could find hard numbers somewhere. But as with all political discussions real data is hard to find.., I wonder what the nutcases will make out of that. - Why did Obaba wait that long? - What did they cover up by burying him so soon? After reading the article maybe it should be titled "Open source developers are like local musicians but maybe can make a bit more money". In general I don't believe that open source developers are rocks stars but the people who use open source. Pretty much all well known web companies use open source but don't open source their flagship products. E.g. Google. Facebook, 37 Signals Maybe it should be called "stage technicians". Working hard in the background so others can become stars. the right way would be to stop trade with china since they are the ones holding up that regime. Of course that won't happen. I think there is a noticeable slowdown when the wing goes back into normal position so the driver will know if something doesn't work. It may still be a problem. Yeah. It has been a mess for a long time. In the end, though, C/C++ is still the main API and it will probably stay like that. HTML5+JS will still be Windows only. "Germany’s approach, which Mr. Davidson said typically starts with acquiring a deep understanding of the problem before making the decision to act was exactly the opposite of the culture he saw both in his home country of Israel and in America." They should appreciate different approaches instead of calling them a "problem". It's ridiculous to tell the Germans to become more like America or Israel. The German strategy has its problems and so does America's. I think a lot of developers are simply getting tired of MS cranking out half baked technologies and abandoning them after a while. If you want to write a desktop app there simply is no obvious platform of choice. You have Winforms (abandoned), WPF (slow, future unclear, do fonts render OK now?), MFC (has been out of date for 10 years), Win32 (hard to use), Silverlight (direction changes every 3 months). They all have different problems MS doesn't seem to interested addressing. I wish MS would make a decision to bet everything on one platform (I don't care which), stick to it and make it really good. A simple to medium complexity WPF app will be slower than its Winforms or Win32 counter part. It will use a lot more memory too. There may be ways around this but why can't MS optimize it instead of forcing every developer to jump through the same hoops? Winforms did not replace Win32 and WPF did not replace Winforms. That's the problem. They can't drop IE8 because too many businesses are still on XP. I wish there had been a careful reexamination of standards based on new knowledge. More likely is that bringing old plants up to standard was too expensive. Or even worse, taking them off the grid. In my view this is the real danger of nuclear power: New plants are probably quite safe but they are very expensive to maintain when they get old. On the other hand, if you relax the standard they are more profitable the older they get. So at some point you end up with a lot of old plants that are extremely expensive to maintain or shut down. The real reason is that decommissioning old reactors is very expensive. Keeping them in service is much more profitable. There would be much more lobbying from the nuclear industry if they really wanted to build new reactors. The nuclear industry can't just drop their current equipment and move on to new stuff like the computer industry can. Getting rid of an old reactor is horribly expensive. While they are at it they should also make them state the actual price of the service instead of adding them on your bill. I am tired of having random charges on my phone bill. I am waiting for the day when there are laywers in single practice who charge rates of less than $100/hr like many other professionals do. I know some laywers who are complaining about tough times but they still think they are worth $250/hr. Somehow I doubt that these fixed costs justify $250/hr vs $100/hr. But I am not 100% sure. > I don't think they have that kind of manpower. So we give it only to financial services companies :-) AT&T plans don't include any free messages I don't think it would stop the deficits. Instead we would get a new Congress every 2 years with crazier and crazier representatives. The balance of power is all wrong in many areas. E.g.: There would be no Wall street without Main Street but they still get all the power. Main Street could exist without Wall Street. People with lots of money have the means to shape laws their way and to produce propaganda so everybody believes they are important. The same could be said for venture capital. It can get much worse. Right now I am with VIPYourLife. Their cheapest plan is 14.97/month. I can forward the calls from there but since I don't use anything else I hope I can get away cheaper than this. I thought Twilio is for web sites that want to integrate voice services. Can I use it only for forwarding a number? Twilio looks pretty cool. I had only heard about it but this looks very good. I have created a URL in the format http://twimlets.com/forward?PhoneNumber= number>& and entered it into my app under Voice/request URL. Option is "Post". But when I call my new number (I have created a new number with another account) the call doesn't get forwarded. Am I missing something? Never mind. Got it. I am impressed! I could have used this some years ago for an app I was working on. The Twilio approach other people have described here works. I haven't got my phone number ported yet but with a test number it works great. Looking at how things developed in other industries like movies and banks I'd expect laws to be changed so things will get simplified for big companies with deep pockets who can afford lawyers. Small businesses don't have a lobby so congress won't help them. The problem is that a lawsuit easily can take out a small developer. Even if the lawsuit is completely frivolous. I can't afford tens of thousands of dollars for a lawsuit. If I get sued my company is probably done. It doesn't matter if the suit has merit or not. That's interesting. From my subjective observations while traveling in Louisiana and in Switzerland I'd say people in Switzerland are living much better. Where does all that GDP go? How can you determine the value of the degree? The only thing you know for pretty sure is that without degree you will have a massive problem on the job market. Very interesting. I am always amazed how quickly browsers can update the layout when you work with jQuery to update CSS or the DOM. Good point! I should have phrased it "the right degree". I could have added "from the right school" too. It's the same as "Don't optimize prematurely". True, but also don't be stupid. Wait until it's done. It will be 200 or more. It's probably the industry that gets the biggest bailouts, the fastest, without any serious questioning and without having to make any changes. I would have been OK with the 2008 bailouts if there had been any serious reform of the banking sector. I think they should have reinstated some version of Glass-Steagall. I see an increasing unwillingness of companies to train people who don't have EXACTLY the right skillset. This used be different in the 90s. In Germany there is the word "Schweinezyklus". Pig cycle. It's mostly prevalent in engineering. It works like this: 1. Companies complain about not having enough qualified engineers 2. Everybody gets told to get into engineering in college 3. Boom crashes. Companies lay off engineers. The new engineering graduates don't get hired and are unemployed 4. Everybody flees engineering 5. Back to step 1. I think we are at the end of step 1 and 2. - I knew plenty of people who were top-notch developers who didn't find jobs back then. I don't think this cycle is evil. I just want people to be careful when they read stuff like this in the article: "Are you in college and bothered about the job market ahead of your graduation, should you consider switching majors? maybe. The industry is booming and doesn’t look like it will be slowing down anytime soon. In the middle of all the unemployment, maybe we can take solace in the never ending demand for Engineers." After a boom there is always a bust. And the bigger the boom, the bigger the bust. It will be interesting once there are no jobs for humans left because robots will be better at everything than humans. In theory, everybody could have a robot that provides them with everything they need. Nice site. Some thoughts: - The fonts are way too big. On my 13 inch screen it feels as if the site is constantly screaming at me. - How does the phone trigger work? I suppose it gets triggered when a call comes in. Do you port the number or how else would you know that a phone call comes in? If the guy had made 2 billion by accident the CEO would get credit for it and take a big bonus home. It again shows how messed up the system is. The big guys have all the upside but pretty much no downside. It saddens me that the best advice for so many situations is "Get a lawyer". Besides the fact that they are expensive I find it frustrating that society has become that adversarial. I would see an incentive for hiring people if I didn't have to deal with health care at all. I think employer based insurance is a huge drag on America's businesses. I would happily pay some percent more in taxes if I didn't have to deal with it. The comparison with politics is a good one! Working together but still keeping some distance is out of fashion. It seems most of America's leadership is too busy serving their egos instead of working on the things they have been hired to do. This guy assumed responsibility at least. The Wall Street guys in 2008 demanded retention bonuses instead. I don't propose suicide but I would like to see CEOs being a bit more shocked when their actions turn out to be a total disaster. I think it would be better for the country. The people who made the stupid decisions were rewarded pretty well. Weideking still sits on a few hundred million euros. This seems to be the new "free market". Another counter example is Singapore. This has nothing to do with envy and retribution. It's about an economic system that pretends to be a free market but is increasingly skewed to giving a certain class of people guaranteed rewards no matter how they perform. Not a healthy thing for an economy. It's a well run dictatorship. Probably the best environment for capitalism but hard to maintain over a long time. The financial sector or defense? They operate within a framework where they are pretty much guaranteed profits. Nice point! I come from Europe and you are right from my experience. You forget there are a lot of people who don't have the things you mention. I am not sure this is the whole story. The Wall Steet Journal lately seems to be on a mission to discredit any form of government. Of course it's different when they wear a uniform, do things in secret and tell us they are there to protect us... Dare to explain? Please don't make this into another democrat vs republican issue. They may be using different language but both parties are essentially the same when it comes to the things they actually do. Group insurance should be abolished. Take the whole country as one big group. It doesn't make sense to have small groups negotiate their coverage. I think it works if you have a very strong leader who has a good idea where the product should go. I do a lot of consulting where I don't see people but am always amazed how many issues can be resolved when the whole team sits in a room together. It's a necessity for a civilized country. I also think the real problem is that they are so cheap. Whatever I read about lobbying the ROI is huge. Obviously having politicians make it more expensive to bribe will have some serious problems too... I think the best would be to make all payments anonymous. If you like what a politician does you support him but he should never know who donated to him. I don't think you can generalize that. As far as I remember Obama got a lot of small donations in 2008 and as a small donor your donations are pretty much anonymous. You don't get any special access for your $100 or less. But people still donated. Maybe the big donors would go away but I am fine with that.