You need attorney generals, which generally run on shoestring budgets, to be willing to criminally prosecute millionaires and billionaires who are likely going to drag court out forever and most likely walk anyways. It's much easier to pop a couple of low level guys for possession to make your numbers look better. My understanding is that they collect scan copies of massive amounts of mail meta-data. Specifically the stuff on the envelope, but not the contents within. The contents within are highly protected and would require a warrant. The problem with e-mail is that it's really difficult to analyze the metadata without also capturing the e-mail content. I subscribe to Netflix, Hulu+, and Amazon Prime. I find I rarely ever watch video on Amazon. I value it primarily for the free shipping and the video service is a bonus. $120/yr is a LOT of shipping. Especially when you actually look at how Amazon Prime products are clearly priced to include the shipping fees compared to the non-Prime versions of the same product. Israeli security is based on profiling, but not racial or religious profiling. They profile primarily on the nations you have passport stamps for. If you've been in a country that is known to harbor and train terrorists, you're gonna get the microscope. I feel like this is healthy profiling. I traveled in mid-December (between the holiday peaks) and I was able to enjoy a new "expedited security process we're testing" that was essentially the old metal detector only screening. Can we agree that, to a certain extent, both are necessary? I can't speak to their corporate support but as a consumer I've had issues with two Nexus devices and called them for support. The first was fixed by a factory reset and the second meant I needed a RMA. Both times the person on the other end of the line somewhat immediately recognized that I didn't need to be instructed to "plug it in." They asked me what I'd done already and moved forwards from there without making me (pretend to) re-do steps I'd already taken. While it's pretty crappy that I've had issues out of the box with 2 out of my 4 Google devices, the tech support has been great. I think this is reasonable as bad guys might have multiple accounts per person. Or a single warrant might be issued for the contents of two conspiring bad guys. I'd only be concerned if it was a dramatic difference. Given that there was never more than 1k in a 6 month period I think it's safe to say that at least with respect to FISA requests to Google there isn't wide-spread broadly scoped requests. That stuff is done via other mechanisms apparently. If you're pushing anything close to real bandwidth you're probably getting an individually negotiated price that is not public. IMHO the re-think wasn't too far off. Microsoft's tablet OS is pretty nice. It was just late to the game and needs a stronger app ecosystem but they're working on that. The UI for Win8 desktop was DOA. They really over-shot there but have taken what I feel are appropriate steps to mitigate some of the damage and I think we'll see a nicer, better solution come Win9. Large corporations hold on to all sorts of assets as investments. This can range from stocks and bonds to real estate or intellectual property. This is very common. Tangentially related to this transaction you may or may not be aware that pretty much any company that funds its own insurance (most large companies) are required by law to hold investments that will help carry them over for any insurance claims. So there is some fund they hold that has stocks, bonds, etc. set aside so that they are covered for insurance claims. The same is true of pension funds. As someone that owns both an Android and iOS phone I think Apple has nicer form factor than the various Android options but Android has superior software. Here's my quick thoughts. iOS has caught up in a lot of the features it was missing early on (multi-tasking) but it still lacks widgets. It may not be for everyone, but I use two widgets on my desktop daily and Apple's answer to it in the notification center is bleh. I originally liked Apple's Passbook but Google's Wallet and Now surpass it in features and in some ways usability. By this I mean Google automatically creates cards for my packages from UPS without any effort for me at all. It also keeps track of my boarding passes, tickets, etc with no effort. Apple's solution requires (generally) that I open an e-mail attachment or something. Last but not least are the Google Apps, most notably Maps but it does include the others. iOS is made better by Google software and most iOS users I know use one or more Google apps. In a full Google platform though the integration is superior. Let's say I'm sitting at my desktop and search for a restaurant. The next time I open Google Now it'll have a card with that restaurant and allow me to navigate there in a single touch. It's important to note that it's the Java language, but not the Java bytecode or Java Virtual Machine that are used in Android. It could easily have been really any language that Google wished to provide a compiler for towards their custom bytecode/VM. It was somewhat arbitrarily the Java language but was a good business choice IMHO due to the prevalence of Java developers in the market. Secondly, there's nothing stopping you from writing your apps in C/C++ to get whatever sort of response you need. What happens if I sell you my phone and then brick it remotely? I have always argued that programming is not "intellectually difficult" (for me) but is rather "emotionally difficult" for a lot of the reasons mentioned in the blog post. I think you have made a very strong argument that the internet content is not particularly damaging. As you assert you can see some pretty horrific stuff and just move right along. Of course seeing a picture on the internet is different than real life. Seeing that stuff in real life would be seriously damaging. Seeing it on the internet is "meh." I'd also like to add that I don't believe I've ever personally seen pictures of mass graves anywhere other than conventional media, television and news magazines. Yes, everything is on the internet, but if you're not looking for it you're not generally going to find it. And if you're looking for it, you're likely not going to be seriously harmed by seeing it. In my own anecdotal experience I would say the team matters way more than the methodology. I've been on teams that could have been (and were) repeatedly successful on projects that ranged widely from strict agile to strict waterfall. Every single time that team pumped out good quality software reasonably on time. I've also been on teams that were not successful no matter what methodology they used. The team just wasn't cohesive, didn't have enough talent, and/or had poor leadership. I've never been on a team that didn't have some manner of unnecessary ritual put on them by the management or client. I agree with your comment, and I would additionally add that a good team can go with the flow and work well within the context of most silly rituals. The success of dieting programs is that people change their habits from unhealthy behaviors to healthy behaviors. The most successful ones are done in groups that offer emotional support in addition to health education. The point of these methodologies is to help replace unhealthy development behaviors with healthier ones and to use groups that offer reinforcement of the healthy behavior as part of the process. Of course, much like diets, not everyone is really going to "buy in" to the new "healthy" habits. They will drag their heels, whine, and generally continue their unhealthy behavior. And having a ringer like Chu from time to time gets you more press. So I would not be surprised if the occasional strategic player is intentionally selected. If I were anywhere near being the richest guy on the planet I would have a hard time caring whether or not I was taken out of context. In fact, I'd probably just say all sorts of awful stuff that people would find shocking. That's probably one of the many reasons I'm not one of the richest guys on the planet. In his AMA he contrasts his younger self from other young billionaires and millionaires by stating that they are often much more interested in "giving back" than he was until he was much older. He was a ruthless man who cared only for himself in his younger days and that led to some rather unethical business practices. It wasn't until much later that he chilled out and learned some compassion for the rest of the world. I was going to suggest this.. that people replace high fat foods with high carb foods which translate into gaining more weight. I've long said that fat doesn't make you fat, it clogs your arteries. Though the latter part of that is now up for debate based on more recent studies. You out-scienced me though. Your doctor is awesome. "The AAP recommends this, but only because it's trying to fight childhood obesity. Your kid is nowhere near obese so let's give her the best diet for her as an individual." There's a difference between "pretty" and "useful." IMHO the Yahoo Food site is pretty while sites like Reddit and Hackernews are useful. There's a place for both, and each will attract a different market and use case. I wanted to add, in addition to your comment, that it takes surprisingly little exercise to make a dramatic change in your over-all health levels. Blood pressure, cholesterol, etc. can be significantly affected without becoming a gym rat. 10 minutes here, 15 minutes there makes a huge difference. I had to re-read the OP because I originally read it as having never met an unemployed person that is curious about the world around them and makes a real attempt to learn how things work. I find very few adults still have that child-like curiosity about the world but the ones that do are generally very well employed. That's interesting and kinda funny since you still get the familiar clicking sound when your turn signal is on I can only assume that this sound is made artificially. It immediately reminded me of the fact that computer keyboards are naturally silent but they engineer in "clicky" sounds. This was very important in the old days when people were transitioning away from type writers and were accustomed to the audio feedback. Now we still have this, but keyboards are a lot quieter these days. I would argue: not for anyone under 30. These kids eat up social media like it's going out of style. More than likely the people in charge will not act pre-emptively by upgrading to IPv6 during the normal upgrade/replacement cycle of their network hardware. Instead, they will wait until there's a real crisis so they can ask the government to fund their next hardware upgrade. The best type of firearm to have for personal defense is the one you have on you, not in your gun safe. The 12-gauge is only beneficial if you're going to carry it with you from room to room, keeping it at your side at all times.. The time between hearing someone kick in your door to being on you is just a few seconds, there's no time to open a safe. So in this type of scenario the 12-gauge isn't bad, but I'd probably still prefer a pistol on an over the waist band or shoulder holster. When you don't need to conceal it's not that difficult to carry around a full sized pistol in any reasonable defense caliber. It appears that this guy is toting his shotgun with him though, so I guess there's that. Freedom! Google was clearly in the market for a phone OS. If they hadn't purchased Android they would've likely purchased something else. Android was likely not the only phone OS they looked at and may not have even been their first choice. That's just the way it goes sometimes, semi-random chance. According to the internet the slugs are mostly aluminum and/or copper. I'm sure it's more complex than that, but that's the ELI5 answer I guess. Well they've positioned themselves well for the IPO by doing the trademark grab recently. If courts continue to allow them to assert their dominance I think they'll continue to make decent money for a while. I would agree that they're not a long game investment but I think they'll make it over 5 years. Conversely: everything should be available over the counter. If someone wants to kill themselves by destroying their liver with acetaminophen, that's their business. I can't speak to the Valley or any other "top tier" places but I live in a 2nd tier technology city, Orlando. We are the simulation capital of the world, two full sized Lockheed Martin campuses, really any defense contractor name you can think of, some household brand video game companies, etc. Lots of action going on here. The unemployment rate for developers is under 2%. This means that not only do "above-average" developers have jobs, lots of really awful developers also have jobs. It's INCREDIBLY difficult to find talent with under 3-4% unemployment. Also, I'd assume no one is mass producing these rounds yet, so they're all small scale production which greatly increases the unit price. Once the military puts in the first order for a few million rounds the price will go down a lot. I'll try to explain it with simplified physics. Let's assume for a moment that the projectile is fired 50 ft off the surface at a speed of mach 8, or about 9k fps. If we assume no resistance vertical or horizontal at a 50ft drop the projectile is travelling downward at 55 fps by the time it hits the ground. As you can see, the horizontal velocity is still orders of magnitude greater than the vertical velocity. As you start to deal with curvature of the earth your drop distance will increase, but not enough to overcome the 9k fps in horizontal velocity any time soon. The horizon is 3 miles off, or 16k ft. Less than 2 seconds of travel time for our projectile. Of course, there's always going to be resistance, so at some distance the horizontal velocity line will cross paths with the vertical terminal velocity, but I doubt that happens at any practical firing distances. I wonder if anyone in NY, SF, or any other 1st tier developer city can comment on the local unemployment rate for either software devs or IT in general. Here in Orlando/Tampa it's been around 2% for YEARS. Living in a high cost of living area is a FANTASTIC way to get your retirement plans going. Putting 10% of your SF income into your 401k is way better than putting 10% of your Austin, TX salary into your 401k. So while you're young and single you bank away lots of cash. Then you move and start a family elsewhere and retire comfortably. The problem is that I don't think enough people life-hack in this way. Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I'll copy/pasta my response to someone else who made a similar response: Let's say in SF you get $150k and put 10% away with a 5% match. That's $22,500 per year you're socking away into your 401k. If you live in Orlando and you're making $90k/yr and put 10% away with a 5% match that's $13,500, a net loss of $9k every year in early retirement savings. After compound growth over 40 years of maturity that's going to be a TON of cash. As long as you don't plan on RETIRING in SF, you're much better off working there. I remember the XP start button being called childish because it utilized a color scheme straight out of the Playskool toy section. It wasn't the functionality of the start button at all. We had been happily using the start button since.. win95? People don't like any kind of change. My daughter has no reference about what is "normal" or how computer interfaces should look. She is quite happy with the win8 interface and took to it like a duck to water. I disagree. If a food charity enhanced their distribution system in a way that allowed them to feed an additional million people internationally I think we'd be just as interested in what they changed in order to meet their goals. We're interested in any significant success. As it stands though, for any for-profit company, money is the primary measure of success. If someone tells me to try out a new language I generally give it about 10-15 minutes. If I'm not running hello world by then I'm not interested in something I'd be taking a casual interest in. The only time I'm giving it more than 15 minutes is when I have a real business need for it or want to enhance my resume with something that has a lot of businesses seeking that skill. Python, for example, I was easily able to get up and running in under 15 minutes with a hello world and now I use it regularly for lots of little tasks. I can't be fussed to toy around something that takes too much work/infrastructure to get up and running. There's other options out there I can be more productive in faster. I would never consider being a teacher because of the assumption of men being pedophiles. Well, that and pay. In this case it's designed this way because the ATM vendor is not the same company as the bank that owns/runs the ATM. The bank will want to put different text depending on the locale, default language, their own bank marketing jargon, etc. This is a perfect example where design should come before copy. Money is relative. Education is one of the easiest 4 year degrees to get. The low pay for teachers is a myth compared to other jobs with similar qualifications. At least, the hourly rate isn't that bad. You get lots of holidays and summers off so your yearly wage looks bleh. It's still way less than what I make as an engineer, but I dare say most teachers could not get an engineering degree. In my neighborhood I can choose between them. I believe Brighthouse owns the lines, but I can get Comcast service over them. How many hours have you worked the last 3 weeks? Also, these phones have been in development for a while. If anything they took what they had and slapped the MSFT services on top. I would like to think that the business folks that purchased Blackberry devices for the security mechanisms would be interested in a device like this now that it's been made clear that Blackberry was compromised. Of course if someone really wants you, they're going to get your data. But a device like this might be (imho) a good solution for most business level data protection of the sort people thought they would be getting from Blackberry. If you read the article it's plain to see that the monopolies are enforced and encouraged by the currently existing regulations. There is no free market in ISPs in the US. Nice try hacker. He grew up on food stamps. He wasn't on them in his adult life. Going from being a kid whose parents received food stamps to a billionaire is an amazing example of social mobility that is definitely not the norm. The fact that he wasn't poor for his adult life is just one detail of the greater story. You're looking at it from the perspective of a person that can't really afford a Tesla. When you look at the world and say "What's the best bang for the $100k I'm going to spend on my next car?" then you may feel a Tesla is a good monetary value based on resale value or other factors even though it's not the most economical way you could transport yourself back and forth to work. If you were going to steal bitcoins in this manner you'd run them through a number of tumblers. Tumblers are essentially the laundering facility for bitcoins. Lots of coins from various locations come in, put into a pool, and then get sent back out. There's no way to track coins you receive back to a particular transaction. Since 6% of all bitcoins are stolen, more than likely anyone holding bitcoins has a good chance of holding some stolen ones. I went all the way through differential equations in engineering school and don't know how to do anything with matrices. shrug If I delete my wallet and all the backups, it might still be in the blockchain but it's effectively gone forever because it can never be spent. The fact that those private banks did not have their shareholders wiped out completely and no one went to jail are the problems I have with TARP. During the savings and loan crisis in the 80s there were a dozen task forces in the DOJ, over 1000 FBI agents were tasked with investigating the banks. It resulted in over 1,000 felony convictions. This financial crisis is significantly worse and we've had virtually no effort put into finding out the root causes. If nothing else we have internal e-mails from banks like Bank of America acknowledging that they knew they were selling junk bundled as AAA rated bonds which amounts to fraud. There's all sorts of evidence of collusion in the industry around getting those bond ratings and around selling them as something they were not. And that's just the stuff an armchair investigator can pull out of news articles over the years. Nothing compared to what a forensic accountant could determine. It's of course unrelated but when it was found that HSBC was found guilty of laundering money for drug lord the DOJ decided not to prosecute because doing so was a systemic risk. It doesn't take much to understand that there were no prosecutions from the banking crisis because of a fear of systemic risk. Most people just throw away those compostable paper filters and they wind up buried in an oxygen deprived environment where they will never biodegrade. I wonder which one compresses into smaller land fill space: the paper filter or the plastic k-cup. With the DMCA it is illegal for competitors to reverse engineer the DRM to produce compatible products. I want to take a step back here. Two things are fairly clear to me. The first is that there would've been a housing bubble with or without illegal activity. I think that's something we agree on. I personally feel the biggest contributing factors were the repeal of Glass-Steagall, as you mentioned, coupled with the need for the fed to keep interest rates too low for too long. They were low from the dotcom bust, but after 9/11 had to be extended to prop the economy back up. What's also clear to me, but perhaps not to you, is that there was also a lot of illegal activity going on by the banks that took advantage of what was going on in the industry. I mean seriously, there have been exactly 2 banker convictions since all this started going down. There should be more than 2 banker convictions just as a matter of course due to the statistical probability at any person might be committing a crime at a random time. That so much money was made under so many shady circumstances followed shortly by the open admission by the DOJ that they would not prosecute HSBC bankers due to systemic risk make it pretty clear that there was plenty for the feds to go after but they chose not to. My access to coffee is a human rights issue. The ability to use a printer is not. One million dollars in $100 bills is 10,000 bills. A bill is 0.010922 cm in thickness. That would be 109.2 cm. That would be a stack of bills just over 3 1/2 feet high if you made a single stack. You could probably fit a million bucks in a decent sized brief case and could definitely fit it inside a duffle bag. It doesn't take dump-trucks to steal a million bucks. This is somewhat mitigated with the Android Play store and the iTunes app store. I haven't used the Win8 store thing yet, but it should resolve these issues for most users. That's why even though I prefer an open ecosystem for my own devices I do appreciate the need for semi-closed ecosystems for non tech savvy users. I fail to see how 99% of USD, which are just records in a database, is different than bitcoins in that regard then. The failure I would argue is in the original analogy of taking physical money to begin with. First, your boss is a jerk and is obviously trying to get rid of you as others have stated. Secondly though, please consider that just because you're working 11 hours a day doesn't mean your boss/company considers you valuable. I've seen lots of cases where a guy works 10 hours a day but simply isn't a productive member of the team. Others work maybe 2-3 hours per day and are the most productive people around. I don't know you or your situation but it's entirely possible that your long work hours are just not being used effectively. In addition to finding a new job I would seriously suggest that you take a moment to reflect on how others (not just your boss) consider your value as a productive team member and be careful not to confuse the fact that someone at work might think you're an awesome guy personally with whether or not they think you're highly productive. Even if you're NOT productive, your boss is horrible and the company you work for is horrible so you should leave anyways. I hope it works out for you and you find better, happier employment in the future. In high school my calculus teacher was part of an experiment where they gave teachers the SAT. They gave the teachers the regular version of the SAT as a baseline and then gave the teachers a special version that contained only the answers choices in the multiple choice without the questions. Teachers essentially had to use their intuition about the types of answers the SAT looks for to take the test. The teachers each scored in the same approximate percentile as when they all received both the questions and answers. That is to say, the teachers that knew how to analyze the test itself (not the questions) scored better than those who didn't. Yes, correct. They scored in the same percentile, not the same nominal score. This was the most infuriating thing for me with my daughter. She was tested in kindergarten to read at a 3rd grade level. She also was beginning to learn multiplication, fractions, etc. I went to her school and asked her about special programs for her, potentially skipping grades, etc. Their response was essentially that in a couple years time the other kids would catch up. Well, of course the other kids will catch up, you're going to tie a big anchor to my daughter that she has to drag through a bunch of boring curriculum she already knows. Whether or not there is shame in getting help for your depression is cultural. Saying so on a hackernews post doesn't change the reality on the ground for any potential viewer in, for example, Japan or China. I do consulting work and here's what I do. Maintain high level skills in one or more of the most popular languages. This is easily found by doing searches for popular languages on any jobs site. Right now my bankable job skill is Java. There's a ton of work for it, it pays pretty good, and keeps me busy. I also pick up languages that I simply find interesting even though there may not be jobs for that skill. So I might pick up Scala, Ruby, etc. even though there's not currently jobs for those skills in my local area. And honestly at this point, if you pick Java or .NET and maintain your skillsets with new versions as the platforms advance, you could probably make an entire career out of those languages. There's so much code out there that you can be maintaining it for a lifetime without having to try hard. It may wind up being less interesting work decades from now when people are using the new whizbang, but there's always going to be work. You don't have to get them to delete it. Just defund them so they can't afford to do it in the future. The data will be worthless pretty quickly as it ages. It seems to me that they are sending out packets identifying themselves as facebook. If you're not using SSL this is expected to be possible. If you are using SSL to communicate with FB then it's likely that the NSA has the private keys for FB's SSL certificates. Luxembourg is a magnet because the UK government is stupid and creates taxes that are easily avoidable. IME great developers and great managers are attracted to each other. The few times I've been on great teams (I'm a developer) when the top one or two devs left, the team fell apart. Same thing happened on other teams when the great PM left. The talented people with career mobility know when they're put in a bad spot and have the ability to get out. Well, most dealerships are probably used car dealerships that almost certainly qualify as small businesses. Of course, that has little to do with our current conversation. I'm just feeling extra pedantic today. I'm not a novelist but I rather enjoy being able to annotate my work with the review features in Word. That's the primary benefit to me over a plain text editor. I would assume an author working with editors and such would find these features to be even more valuable. I think it's important to recognize that not all innate abilities are created equally. Innate intelligence will make you a social pariah but innate ability in a physical skill that results in you being an amazing basketball player will make you Michael Jordan. Actually, prison is exactly the type of place we invented for the sole purpose of putting people we find disagreeable. We create laws to attempt to define disagreeable behavior and intentionally keep them vague enough that if someone gets out of line we can lock them up. Did I miss something? The only thing he states he's actually learned from female founders so far is that women and men express confidence differently. I was hoping for more substance. He didn't even talk about how men and women express confidence differently. IMO the article was a waste. Our prisons are primarily filled with unpopular people. We tend to refer to them as minorities. Some specific examples off the top of my head of intentionally vague law is when there's purely subjective decisions as to whether a crime is just a "regular" crime or a "hate crime." There also seems to be a lot of ambiguity around what exactly constitutes copyright infringement or the legal vs illegal varieties of hacking. I worked for a company once that had a suggestion box. If you made a non-anonymous suggestion that wound up saving the company money you got 10% of the savings over 2 years. While I was there no one got rich off of it but a few people got some nice bonuses. I don't understand why more people don't do this. I've been coding in Java for over 10 years. If I ran across pretty much any project that wasn't including Apache commons I'd be startled. I get your point, but some libraries are in such common use that for all practical purposes I consider them part of the language API. To me I think he's clearly qualified to make all sorts of judgements about Perl. For opinions on Java, I'll look to people who have written well reviewed 500+ page books on Java. It's currently better than it has ever been with in the open source movement as it pertains to mainstream computing. Never before have so many consumers had so many devices with so much open software under the hood. Of course it may not be what you hoped for, but it's hard to argue it's not better than it was, say, in the 90s. Generally, yes. Short term capital gains are taxed at a higher rate than long term capital gains. Theoretically you could probably choose any arbitrary price on the day you "receive" the bitcoins.. which given the nature of bitcoin price fluctuations could be significant. The other side of the equation is that serif fonts are easier to read. What is the cost in time and/or productivity that a person might lose by utilizing a font that is less easy to read? You guys all seem so altruistic. I never focus on titles. I focus on maximizing my income to effort ratio with a side of trying to do work that interests me. If someone wants to pay me more and call me a junior developer with no responsibility? That'd be just fine by me. I just bought my daughter a Chromebook for her 7th birthday. I seriously doubt she's looking for anything unsavory at this age but I let her use it unsupervised and don't intend to start supervising her in the future. I have mixed feelings. I mean the entire game could be copied in 2 days? Sounds like a serious lack of content in your game. I do feel bad for them though, they might miss their chance to have the game of the month and sell for a billion bucks. >Sure, he might be innocent, but he really needs to put out a statement clarifying what his involvement was and what he knew. Why does he need to do that? What benefit will it be to him? If he said he was unaware of any underhandedness would you believe him? Do you think that if he was aware that he wouldn't have signed NDAs about these things? You get a lot more integration than you probably think with Google Now. It reads my e-mail to keep track of my upcoming flights and packages being delivered. It checks out my calendar and will conveniently provide directions to events on my schedule. There's not a great level of integration for the google chat and voice features yet, but it's coming I'm sure.