Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Y0r5j3yu5TUkLWMIeCr_rBef9uO... Email: See resume You may be talking about iodine: https://code.kryo.se/iodine/ You can host it yourself. Try the "track motion" feature, mind blowing doing that in the browser. One possible method: Write a script to request the site continuously and see if it fails to respond with any regularity. From there you can start dialing it in and determine what the rate limit actually is. A rate limit should be consistently reproducible unless it's implemented in a clever way. The nature of executive compensation is often different than rank and file employees. A common trick is to say "The leadership team took a 30% paycut, so the 10% paycut you are taking isn't so bad" however executive pay is often split between equity, bonus and base compensation with equity and bonus making up more than 50% of the total comp. Often when they say 30% they are talking about 30% of base. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Possible Technologies: I mainly work with Python and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. Résumé/CV: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Email: See resume Disqus was baked into the template I used for my blog so I kept it: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ It works well and is simple to implement. One hour later and 2151 in line ahead of me, talk about exponential growth. https://www.fastorslow.com/app/profile/244179fc-78d2-5cf3-8c... > allocation free algorithms Do you have any good sources for information about this concept? I'm having trouble understanding how a algorithm could produce useful work without allocating anything. locutusofb.org has not turned out to be a boon for me either. I'd volunteer to present on the QVC-for-software-demos livestream if such a thing existed. The question is, is it the exam developers task to produce software that works in the world as it is or the world as they would like it to be? If the latter this is a roaring success. As I understand a proportion of buybacks generally (maybe not at IBM) were financed by debt. If this was the case they would have to sell enough to cover the debt and interest first. My wife bought into one of these services, the $25 box we received contained about 10 - 15 dollars worth of produce from my local store but at a lower quality. It was also random and often contained undesirable items in large quantities (who needs 12 lemons for the week?, What am I supposed to do with 3 fingerling potatoes?). I used to work in food service and it was pretty obvious to me that they were sourcing items from Sysco or US Foods by the way the items were tagged and packaged. I think the shipping costs eat away any value you could expect from something like this. Even if Texas Instruments implemented SSL the fact that you went there would not be a secret to anyone who can see your packets due to SNI[0]. HTTPS is really only useful when you want to hide the contents of a message, not the recipient. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication +1 for jetbrains. I prefer webstorm to visual studio myself and the licensing scheme is very fair. They aren't allowed to opt out, well except for Texas. I've had luck with digital ocean by sending friends emails (who have accounts at major providers) and having them mark it as not spam a few times over the course of a week or two. After that, it worked without issue. From my perspective the growth potential globally is massive, the majority of people on earth live on less than $2.50 a day. This can't be where we stop the wheels of progress. > The 25 vs 15 dollars issue means their business sucks unless they have a value add on top? As I am buying "less desirable produce" (from what I can tell it all came from normal cases that a restaurant would order, I think this fools some people as they aren't used to seeing produce that still has dirt on it and is less presentable like that) I would expect more of it for my money, not less. I understand they have to pay for shipping but it's not as if I don't have to go to the grocery store anyway, maybe I just don't see the value proposition, for us it just wasn't there. >If you were getting 15 lemons per week, maybe contract the vendor and try to address the issue? Even if the product was more evenly distributed it wasn't enough for it to provide value for me. That point was just the final nail in the coffin. If you have two solutions and the first solution requires humans behave in a certain manner (getting them to use high entropy passwords) and the second does not. The second is more secure. I've done something like this [0], postfix sends a nice rejection message the next time they try to connect. Ironically I've had people email me that rejecting their spam is filling up their inbox with error messages. [0] https://blog.tinned-software.net/permanently-reject-a-specif... The method you purpose is less secure as humans often use low entropy passwords even when you ask them not to. If you are building a system only for humans that use high entropy passwords (are you really willing to bet the farm on that just to save a couple clock cycles) or other machines it might work but I also see no benefit to that approach so you might as well just bcrypt it and call it a day anyway. >it’s not reasonable to demand universities operate at a loss to provide the remote education at a rate less than it costs them to operate I feel its not reasonable to ask students to pay more than fair market value for what they receive regardless of operational costs. They should refund up to what similar online schools charge today. If it costs the auto dealer as much as a new BMW to deliver a used Toyota, that isn't my problem I'm only paying used Toyota pricing or I'm taking the matter to court. I can more easily change grocery stores than I am able to change colleges. Credits aren't often 100% transferable, also a degree from another school may be less valuable but also less costly, therefore the money I already spent on the more expensive degree may be lost. In my case this isn't it. What happens is during the connection process the server on the other side first announces what email its sending from, at that point my server responds with a reject message and closes the connection. I don't think my server even sees the subject or body. My server doesn't send a email, but instead that email is generated by the sending server to let the user know the message was rejected. This error message is often delivered to a catchall account, they are often configured with small mailboxes, that box fills up, throws alerts and ticks off a sysadmin somewhere. I only do this in cases where it's easier to SSH into my box and configure it than unsubscribe, and never to random address spam as that is wack-a-mole and futile. I think the sending servers may also be misconfigured to get around greylisting. As sometimes they will try repeatedly to deliver to me. My server dutifully rejects each attempt and the messages pile up on the other side. Hi. I'm Will Cipriano and I have been working in healthcare IT for 5+ years and in healthcare software development for the last 3. I like Python and Flask. Location: Philadelphia, PA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: I mainly work with Python, Java and vanilla JS, I also have deployed Java and Jquery/Bootstrap apps into production. Knowledgeable about REST api's, sql databases and no sql. I have a good bit of devops skills but I'm looking for software engineer roles at the moment. Résumé/CV: https://resume.willcipriano.com Contact: https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/contact/ Weevs AT&T 'hack' (unsecured api) is the first thing that comes to mind. With infinite scrolling what's a page? If compared to European countries the US has higher wages generally, is it possible this effect is due to wages in those economies being at or near the wage floor already? >This is widely cited as the reason that teachers earn less than other professions, and why garbage collectors earn more. Looks like the median pay for garbage collectors is $37,840[0] and for teachers it is $59,420[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes537081.htm [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... This is the sort of thing that I see and I feel disappointed that I didn't come up with the idea myself. Great work. It would probably be hard to find a rental during that period, as legally you wouldn't have to pay to occupy the space. Though landlords might be cash strapped enough to let you move in to get the down payment. I have a personal license, you can absolutely subscribe without a company. > interns > more than 10 years ago How that looks to me: Wow, that application has provided so much business value (over a decade worth) despite being designed by less experienced software engineers. PHP must be a great language. Years ago I took a job that was headquartered outside of my state. Did a phone interview or two and then got a offer letter by email that I accepted. A couple of weeks later they flew me out to the HQ for my first day paperwork and to meet everyone. When I arrived they had a number of contracts that I had to sign as a condition of employment, I was in a position to agree with them but made a mental note that in future I should get a copy of any contracts that I am going to be required to sign on the first day before accepting a offer. It would be terrible to give notice at a job and then on the first day at the new role be given a contract that you have concerns about. I ask "Before I accept a offer of employment, would it be possible to see any contracts, employee handbooks, etc I would have to sign on my first day?" and you would not believe the push back I get from that question. I often hear "We don't share our employee handbook" or things to that effect. I explain that it is impossible to evaluate a offer that has terms I can't see and often the interviewer shrugs their shoulders and tells me that's just how it is. I guess it works to weed out the jobs with bad terms. However I have a hard time seeing how any of this is enforceable from a legal perspective. > But if a candidate is motivated to take a job because they get to use shiny new technology, i would suggest that they are not, in fact, a good candidate. In my experience the tech stack is good indicator of how technology is viewed at a company. Java and C# shops I have encountered are very process driven, bureaucratic firms. In my experience they are management focused as opposed to tech focused. Where firms that use Python, Node, Haskell, Rust, Go, etc tend to be more tech forward. The reason I want to use "shiny new technology" is because I want to work at the latter as opposed to the former, I'd be happy to write C or PHP even at a tech focused firm but I rarely see jobs like that advertised. I may not be using the best terminology, but what I am talking about are firms where the majority of players consider themselves "non-technical". I haven't found these to be pleasant places to work or places that particularly value software engineers. I wish to work in places where my contributions can be understood and valued by the people I work with. In my experience, if the workload supports it multiprocess works well in Python. The overhead for a new interpreter is cheap and this sidesteps the GIL issue. If you require communication between your 'threads', ZeroMQ(ØMQ) makes this simple and fast. Not the OP but I think it's essentially a event driven system as opposed to real time. Think of a account with $0 in it. 1. A -$25 event comes in 2. A +$50 event comes in 3. A -$25 event comes in The first event would fail in a transactional/real time system, but in my bank it doesn't. This tells me the balance is only calculated every once in a while. The balance you get in a app is only a estimate. This makes sense when you think how slow bank transfers and using paper checks is. At some point it is decided to run the events "for real" and that's where overdrafts and the like are applied. Don't think of them as transactions, instead it's a transaction request that can be rejected. In the US they clear overnight, as I understand (from a previous hn post I can no longer find) it's a big sftp server and flat files. For MongoDB in Python I once had to construct a list of two dictionaries containing dictionaries themselves with various two and three character magical key and value names (eg. $gt) in order to query a collection by date. If that's intuitive I'd hate to use something unintuitive. Oh and MongoDB Compass is a dumpster fire. Query takes too long? Too bad it will time out with no option to let it complete. Also I get to write my query in JSON in compass then I have to convert that to native Python objects if I want to use it from there. With SQL I copy my query from datagrip, inject my parameters and call it a day. I forgot the best bit, if your query has a subtitle mistake most often you simply get no records back where a similar mistake in SQL throws a helpful exception. I got the impression from friends that it was a worse situation in India with relieving letters[0], the way it was explained to me you needed your current companies written permission to start a new job and that is frequently abused. [0] https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/20945/what-is-... Similarly, as I understand it In the US most noncompete contracts are actually unenforceable due to the concept of consideration[0]. Every noncompete I've signed offered me nothing of value in exchange for my agreement, they weren't part of the negotiation process and were simply presented with the health insurance and other forms on my first day with a implied "sign this or you don't have a job". However that wouldn't stop someone from calling your new employer and threatening to sue. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration To an EMT doing chest compression on a dying man is a menial task, but if I did it I would probably bore my family and friends with the tale for the rest of my life. We may be talking about different things. Executives often negotiate a contract that contains a noncompete. That noncompete has clear consideration as it was negotiated as part of a total deal of employment, theoretically the employee is more highly compensated for this term of the contract. However rank and file employees are often not presented with the noncompete contract until their first day of work after salary negotiations have already taken place and the position accepted. Such an agreement probably isn't enforceable[0] as far as I can read[1] as it's hard to argue its part of the employment contract as the contract is signed after you are already employed and have reported for your first day of work[2]. If it was a employment contract it would've came attached to the offer letter. [0]"Performance of existing duties is not good consideration" - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consideration [1]"The very basic requirements are that the non-compete must (1) be in writing; (2) be part of an employment contract; (3) be based on valuable consideration; (4) be reasonable in scope of time and of territory; (5) not be against public policy." - https://lincolnderr.com/is-my-non-compete-enforceable/ [2]”One of the most common reasons that courts refuse to enforce Non-Competes is that employers make the mistake of obtaining the agreement from an already-hired employee without providing the employee with anything of value in return. Generally, such agreements are unenforceable because the employee did not receive any additional “consideration.”" - https://macelree.com/the-top-10-mistakes-with-non-competitio... The point is it has a chilling effect[0], fast food restaurants aren't having employees sign noncompetes[1] because they think they have specialized knowledge, the purpose is to reduce churn and therefore training costs. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chilling_effect [1] https://www.foodandwine.com/news/fast-food-non-compete-agree... Presumably you'd want to retrain the model from time to time and that would require the original material. >I have such a hard time to understand how the risk vs. reward ratio for pulling this stunt made any sense. Classical economics likes to think of firms as rational entities working to maximize profit over the long term. In my experience that makes much of what companies do inexplicable. Instead I view firms as large groups of individuals all acting in their own self interest, this seems more complex but really all you have to know is what the incentive structure is to understand the choices a company makes. Similarly I've found you can also do this in reverse. It is a virtual certainty that from a compensation perspective moving to SMR was better for the individuals who made that choice. Ghost supports tables via markdown. You can embed SoundCloud and YouTube natively for audio. As for gifs and comments here's a link to my ghost blog with a gif as well as comments(disqus) https://thoughts.willcipriano.com/weird-python-tricks/ Embedding third party services may go against the values of some Richard Stallman types, for me however it enables me to host behind cloudflare with a $5 a month digital ocean droplet and not have to worry about getting hugged to death. I can live with the tradeoff. I was not insulted. The links added further reading and more context. I've always called these direct database applications. The implication that the client directly connects to the database without the benefit of a middle tier. Hacker competitions often seem very contrived to me. I suspect that in order for the red team to make any progress you have to tie the blue teams hands behind their backs. Most of what I see from the penetration testing community is pretty gimmicky and situational generally and often doesn't take into account the attackers risk/reward ratio. That's good. Perhaps something like if they can attribute the attack to a particular machine the red team gets "arrested". Diffie–Hellman[0] is pretty cheap, you do it every time you visit a site with SSL enabled. Having the meeting leader do it 200 times to pass around a shared key generated on the client would be e2e and have minimal if any performance impact. There is probably a cleverer way to do it that I'm not aware of as well. Edit: One issue is the client can run out of entropy but I think that would only happen on modern operating systems if you had hundreds of thousands of clients to negotiate with. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_e... Even if it was MRI sensitive, never having a MRI again would be a small price to pay for a Parkinson's cure. Offer a 10% tax free finders fee to anyone who finds any wasteful spending like that. $600k once for a $6 million annual savings (and that's before you fire whomever is in charge of auditing the books already) is a steal. Accountants and auditors could work like bug bounty hunters. If similar environmental impact studies cost half as much or if the study was not read by those who ordered it that is a pretty clear case. Some things are ambiguous I admit but I'm willing to bet there is enough low hanging fruit to keep a good number of people employed looking for it. Edit: This is a HN faux pas however, please don't downvote the person above, they added to the discussion. I suspect that may be a common objection and I'm glad to be able to clarify it. > Who defines "similar"? A court of law. > Is a study performed in Texas similar to one performed in California? Is a study performed on land that drains into the municipal water supply similar to one performed on land that doesn't? Are two studies performed near each other location 10 years apart "similar" if new laws have come into existence, or a local species has been declared endangered in the meantime? I don't have the answer to these questions but I wager that we can find experts who do. Presumably firms exist that do hundreds or thousands of studies annually, those firms could testify how they would bid such a project. What the cost structure typically looks like. > How do you prove that those who ordered it did not read the study? A government employee could send a email to the effect that the report was not considered that is later discovered. Alternatively, a whistle-blower may clandestinely gather evidence in order to collect the bounty for themselves. > And what if they did not read the study, but instead read a summary of it prepared by someone qualified who did read the study? That seems like a reasonable use of funds. This isn't going to catch every case, the purpose is to provide a natural check to government corruption and waste. Discoveries made by this system may lead to the judicial branch investigating those who made these choices. The FBI could use these tips to target sting operations. The voting public may use this information to decide whom they are going to elect, and the best part is it's free. You can even benefit from it without bothering with the type annotations (though they make it more effective). https://google.github.io/pytype/ Homomorphic encryption. https://github.com/CEA-LIST/Cingulata My thought was a way to clandestinely destroy enemy electronics. The Wells Fargo model. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wells_Fargo_account_fraud_scan... Yes, with a service like internet you are paying for the previous months service, not the next month so the money is owed even if you cancel the credit card. Netflix bills you for the month upfront, so when you don't pay them simply remove access to the service and you owe nothing. Added to list of projects to keep in mind in future. Great work. I came up with a bad way to share files. It's a website that takes a file, encodes it into a series of URL parameters, and then allows you to put them back together again. (it's really only practical for small text files) https://podje.li/ https://github.com/willcipriano/Podje.li Thank you! Most of the heavy lifting is done by the lz-string library[0], the compression works well for small text files, sometimes the URL out will be shorter than the input in that case. Things like images work out to be hundreds of URLs unfortunately. [0] https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Another use case, for my daughters first birthday I had a Elmo impersonator (this guy was spot on, you could not tell the difference) make a video with a puppet for her. It was a private thing we shared together not something I publicly shared but her face lit up when "Elmo" said her name and wished her a happy birthday. It's weird to do this for yourself, however it makes a thoughtful gift under the right conditions. > FTL protocol, a streaming protocol based on UDP which had sub 1 second delay times, far far superior to what Twitch is capable of. I don't use/watch any of these platforms but I heard the delay is a feature of Twitch to prevent people from "screen peeking" players when they play online. As I understand it, very far. The materials science isn't there, we have yet to conceive of a material that would be able to carry it's own weight let alone move a useful load. My source: > "No current material exists with sufficiently high tensile strength and sufficiently low density out of which we could construct the cable," he told me. "There's nothing in sight that's strong enough to do it — not even carbon nanotubes." "The best that theorists can do right now is come up with a material that's about two-thirds the strength needed to make a practical elevator," Henson told me. "And that's a very, very short tiny tube."[0] [0] https://io9.gizmodo.com/why-well-probably-never-build-a-spac... “Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.” ― Henry Ford "There is nothing impossible to him who will try." ― Alexander the Great I know, these sound like platitudes but in my experience they are mostly accurate. I listen to this speech by Arnold Schwarzenegger when I find myself thinking I can't: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQxqIKTO2Ck It's probably similar to this: https://pieroxy.net/blog/pages/lz-string/index.html Check the 'How does it look?' section. This will happen anytime you put something new online. It's basically a whitelist and they wait until they see a few hits before you get added. > "They don't have flying experience," he said. Yeah, I have no idea how that works. "Just wing it!" but literally. I use cloudflare precisely because I don't want clients hitting the server directly. That's its entire purpose. For both caching and anti-ddos reasons. Go for the gold, make the result for apple a blog post about how apples suggestions are terrible >They are often paid quite well because its dangerous 2019 median pay for a police officer/detective: $65,170[0] 2019 median pay for high school teachers (often cited as underpaid): $61,660[1] [0] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/education-training-and-library/mobil... The 90th percentile of "Secondary School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education" makes upwards of $99,660[0] per year. [0] https://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes252031.htm That figure includes detectives, who do often have a degree[0], removing them brings to total down to $63,150[1] for year round work. [0] https://www.learnhowtobecome.org/detective/ [1] https://www.bls.gov/ooh/protective-service/mobile/police-and... A possible solution: Human reaction time is on the order of something like 215ms, if the change happened less than 100ms ago or so, the user probably wanted the previous result as opposed to the current one. Add a additional dialog to confirm? Acting up on my end as well. Looks like a iframe 404ing. I run pi hole as a data point. Looks like it's based on the honor system, the buttons can still be pressed even if you don't put a coin in. Still pretty impressive for cardboard. I work this way and use this method to help keep me on track: https://lifehacker.com/jerry-seinfelds-productivity-secret-2... Isn't that what the big button on the front of the machine is for? Zed Shaw is coming out with a book[0] on the topic, I like his Learn X the Hard Way series so I'll probably pick it up when it arrives. [0] https://learncodethehardway.org/javascript/ I came a bit later than you I suspect but I had a similar experience in my middle school computer lab with NET SEND. https://ss64.com/nt/net-send.html That isn't a salt. Salts are per user, high entropy random strings. I'm a big fan of peppering. It strikes me as a defense in depth move. Say a programmer on your team accidentally pushes code that makes your salt a static value for all users going forward, the pepper might protect user passwords in that case. >I'm not sure anyone would actually want to fly in a heli they knew had forged paperwork I don't know anything about aircraft. However if I was to fly myself one I'd want to know enough about it to verify its safety independently. If I had the skill to verify the safety independently (effectively I'd have to be a pilot/helicopter mechanic), I wouldn't care all that much about the paperwork. No, because the static salt will be stored in the database alongside the passwords. The pepper would be compiled and live in the application layer. The value is minimal but so is the cost. Fair enough, but adding a database column and generating a random string on registration is perhaps a 10 minute job and provides all those benefits plus many more. You've never seen someone break or add a @ignore to a unit test they don't understand in order to push out some code? Unfortunately I have, either way that isn't the only situation where a pepper is useful. It's possible that the programmers who built the system are really bad at security and really good at audit logging but I doubt it. Personally I would take the risk but I understand why others might not want to. I've never reviewed such a change but I've fixed bugs where a test that would've caught the bug was ignored because it caused the build pipeline to fail. My guess the programmer was on a tight deadline and had to ship it so they cut a corner and forgot to get back to it. That's the reality of many if not most organizations, good software engineering is a afterthought compared to the concerns of keeping the lights on day to day. As such I have changed my personal operational model and include as many cheap safeguards as I can when I'm doing something important. This is just one of those things I have in my anti-footgun bag of tricks. Often on Google I see ads right above a organic link to the same site. I wonder if marketing teams count the ad click as a "win" when in fact I was looking for the company because I learned of it via word of mouth. You'd probably be able to cut your ad spend in half and get the same result if the niche is small enough. If only you are buying ad spots for Amish chocolate teapot fans all of the sudden I imagine the price goes down quickly. If you have access to the email account, you have access to the linkedin account (via a password reset). The security argument is entirely baseless. The human mind is incredible, the sound of a car in the distance getting slightly muffled by the body now directly in front of you might cue the subconscious mind that something in the scene has changed triggering you to look up. My guess is all the talk of a sixth sense is just tiny cues from the other senses all getting subconsciously analyzed together. > (1) make it work, (2) make it right, (3) make it fast. I've always disagreed with this. In my view you should make it a habit to write optimized code. This isn't agonizing over minor implementation details but keeping in mind the time complexity of whatever you are writing and working towards a optimal solution from the start. You should know what abstractions in your language are expensive and avoid them. You should know roughly the purpose of a database table you create and add the indexes that make sense even if you don't intend to use them right away. You should know that thousands of method lookups in a tight loop will be slow. You should have a feel for "this is a problem someone else probably solved, is there a optimal implementation I can find somewhere?". You should know when you use a value often and cache it to start with. Over time the gap between writing unoptimized and mostly optimized code gets smaller and smaller just like practice improves any skill.