Still not good enough to compile most of their "open source" projects. Windows had it first and then it was added to Linux (at least that's what I'm told). The reason this isn't a mistake is that most desktop apps (unlike mobile apps) are open source and community maintained. Command line apps work pretty well on android, I use them every day. They're in the process of rewriting the DOM handler to support dynamic changes from JavaScript. JavaScript itself runs well. Maybe it would be better to just specify the length of the source file in bytes, so we don't have these weird arguments about line length. Have you ever tried hacking on any of Google's "open source" projects? Android is ~100GB just to download for example, but I think chromium is smaller. Critical systems should be open source by law. Any android ROM is still primarily built for consumption at the end of the day. The good news is that FB has behaved so poorly that almost no one I know uses it or trusts it any more, so we know that in the long run at least this kind of behavior doesn't work. There have been others, at least one last year. I don't know why they say this is the first. After Toyota I don't think I would trust a closed source self driving car. Having ability is not the same as having incentive. And in this case having ability doesn't just mean "showing that it works" like most people seem to think. You can supposedly do Google docs style colaboritive editing with it (and the plugin supports Emacs and atom too). It's a storage api not a spreadsheet api. Dropbox itself can't do that, but it can get you the data and you can use an xls library or program to edit them. As if building android didn't need more bizarre dependencies setup. And how exactly do you build your projects? Msbuild? That's a 2 (4?) GB download. For a long time I only downloaded open source apks. They're easier to find and there's a good chance they're safe. It depends. Older style controls yes, but it wouldn't be hard to use encrypted digital control signals and make that impossible. Android would be a much more interesting is if the source for everything was included and could be compiled on the phone. Satilite ISPs actually do this. The one I had when I lived with my parents gave us 18 GB a month with unlimited downloads between midnight and 5:00 am. Since I ran Linux I'd just throw my heavy downloads in crontab and go to bed and have my big shiny package the next morning. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. On Linux you're allowed to mmap gpio as well if I'm not mistaken. Actually, that looks like it's not run by github at all (github allows it's users to host static pages). Someone else made that and is hosting via github.io and then a 3rd person found this page and linked it using the JavaScript page. Honestly, Gopher is clean and pleasant. I'd imagine one of the problems with that is most researchers must sell the rights to their research to journal publishers. .com and .net are pretty similar if I understand correctly. They do with shell scripts (although there's a way to turn it off). I had a Mac before the iPhone came out but after Lion I switched to Linux. RSA is pretty short (just modular exponentiation). The problem is all the stuff that goes around it: key generation, padding etc. git, tar, make, and gcc (or clang/llvm) Probably still work. That's hilarious. I did this years ago and haven't looked back. You can compile the gimp. Sounds like a furry orgie. The best part about android is that all the important apps are tied together and have to be updated at once. It seems like it really wouldn't be hard to write an MMS worm that stuck around for a while. Qualcomm SOC abandon all hope! Captcha'd downloads are the worst: no restarting, no automation, no direct linking. Preemptive killing like that is murder. It's nice to be able to run go and vim on my phone when I want to. How on earth is that better then a raspberry pi? The math will be a prerequisite so the university will handle making sure he has taken a high enough math. Honestly the hard part about college courses is motivation to study and do assignments not comprehension, so if he is motivated enough he'll do well. So this is why what-if hasn't been updated. My phone has at least two encrypted messaging apps on it that I've been meaning to learn how to use. Everyone I know uses Kik though and has 0 desire to switch. So we really don't know that they where actually using them if that's all they really found. To everyone complaining about the price: It's pretty difficult to build a robot that does much of anything for under ~$40. And this isn't just a robot, it has All these pieces that communicate with each other. You could do this in theory with gpg by signing keys with a master key after generating them but there's no way to do it automatically with ssh (that I'm aware of) I think it only had spheres to terminate each pipe. Just a reminder about why people still use xp:, earlier versions of windows supported a real time mode (sort of like the preempt rt Linux patches). This is needed in order to run some equipment but later versions of windows (post xp) have dropped support for it. Linux software also != website but doesn't suffer from these problems. Current mobile software really sucks in pretty much every way and there's nothing more to be said. While that might be true in theory, in practice app stores aren't much safer then Linux package managers are. You can tell they're non trivial if you do any kind of HF radio stuff. When you plug one in the higher end of the spectrum fills with one kind of wideband digital looking noise for about a second, and then another noise there after. It only says CSE in the readme, which makes sense. The older calculators (including the CSE) use the 8-bit z80 while the CE uses the 24 bit ez80. Furthermore, the OS and app signing keys on the CE have not yet been found. You can't really know what it does because the firmware is closed. Firmware on devices like this is an example of why open source is so important. Golang is pretty great. The power consumption was the number 1 reason I couldn't use the PI in most of my projects so this is super exciting (the number 2 being cost). Of course you don't want web pages opening TCP and UDP sockets. The web isn't for writing apps it's for publicly editable documents with hyperlinks. I'm giving synching a try after fighting with Google drive both on my phone and on my laptop. The complete lack of a Linux client meant I could never heavily use it anyway. iCloud sounds like it has all the Google drive problems and then some. I wanted one of their phones so incredibly badly but you can't buy them here in the US. Now there's the Ubuntu touch phone which you (supposedly) /can/ buy in the us and (from what I've heard) also runs X11 apps. That sounds really cute. But dangerous... It really doesn't matter whether your computer is that fast. For heavy (scientific) number crunching you probably want to use a cloud provider or at least a dedicated machine. For pretty much anything else a two year old phone has plenty of power and it's just a matter of whether the proprietary OS that comes with it lets you run the software you want to run. I honestly don't know what you mean by saying mobile phones are abysmal at multitasking (multi threading? Multiple processes? Drawing Multiple UIs?). Mine doesn't seem to have a problem with multi threading or multiple processes and the only reason I don't use it more is because the UI is horrible and I can't replace it. Also if your source files are long enough to slow your editor down you should probably start factoring stuff out (long files are hard to read), but I've never heard of or seen that actually happening IRL. I suppose there's compiling but I've built kernels and other large things on my phone and it wasn't noticeably worse than my laptop. I bought one and definitely recommend it. I played around writing a brainfuck machine in verilog to learn it and it's very different. Visitor count fluctuations differ on sites with differing content. HN for example has far fewer visitors during the weekend. I stopped using steam because it seems to expect a broadband internet connection. It will often (sometimes without prompting) overwrite and re-download gigabytes of data The university I go to makes a point of telling us almost every day that we have no rights because we signed them away when we accepted the application. Cellular carriers at this point are really just low traffic ISPs anyway. He's dead. Computing theory and information theory apply to much more than just Von Neumann architecture computers. I don't think I've ever thought of "addictive" as a positive attribute to a game. Reddit and HN are addictive, I want entertainment that I can leave when I want and that has depth. Or maybe a ti84+ port? :D Which is how most people.wear watches (especially expensive ones). Just a note to anyone new to rsync and friends: Rsync is a really fast version of cp that also works over networks. Rsync does not go both ways /and/ handle file deletion (you have to choose one or the other), so it can't replace dropbox and syncthing for example. Can't zoom. The reason one would want to do this is to reduce wear on the watch, since the dominant hand is going and doing things the dominant wrist is more likely to be smacked. This goes double for expensive watches. I absolutely love fvwm. Motif beats the pants off gtk any day of the week. He acknowledges and supports that. He's not saying "don't use facebook" but "facebook is fun but temporary, like a party. Don't leave stuff there." Android is an OS for text messaging and web browsing. If that's all you want to do then it's great! Otherwise it's absolutely aweful. This is an underrated post. To bad Google play doesn't offer older version downloads. I've never used x11 on the pi but it seems like a lot of the memory is allocated as disk cache in the default distributions. Plus if you use a crappy/huge DM/WM it will feel sluggish even on a fast computer. All of those are important though. I've watched affluent kids drop out of school due to a lack of hard work. The best thing for reliability is to use multiple companies. AWS has proved that multiple times. Maybe if universities offered incentives to undergraduates who cleaned up some of the articles? It would help them get recognition too. Matrices can be thought of as the coefficients to linear systems of equations. Things that linear systems of equations can do to their input variables are rotations, translations, scaling etc. Perspective distortion is another linear transform so it can be represented by a matrix. That's a good first step, now switch it to UTC. It's what most employers do. I wouldn't be so upset if the divice firmware was completely open source and easily user modifiable (android does not meet this, 100gb source download is not easy to modify). I had to become a failure in the eyes of my parents before I ever started to succeed. Obviously it only works on yes or no questions. Or just disable JavaScript? Seriously: why would you brows for with JavaScript enabled? Don't put HD background images on your website! Desktops have bandwidth caps too and most people are only interested in the page text not frilly multimedia. You're already on tor. JavaScript should be disabled by default in the tor browser bundle anyway. >Beats me why anyone is writing in C full stop. Deterministic execution, type checking at compile time, portability are all just three reasons. C does that too unless you sit in a tight loop polling something all the time. Or you could just not slap a fucking GUI on everything since most Linux users probably don't care. How on earth does this threaten Intel compared to running a normal Linux distro on any other arm machine? I already have a raspberry pi2 B set up identically to my laptop and synced with syncthing and everything just works. If I wanted to leave Intel today I could and nothing would change at all (no thanks to android) No wpa2 support though. I use it for events.