I like it. One thing it's missing is the lack of a way to add your own perception of how normal your week was - as an employee this is more stable, I guess, but as a business owner sometimes every week is a new bouquet and a new brickbat in one. I didn't really 'get' the interface until I realised that Blender is to 3D modeling as vim is to text editing. Yeah, using a crude name for a specific gender's genitalia as a pejorative is a bit of a dick move. This was my response too. "Random" doesn't mean much without specifying a distribution. The problem here is that this sort of termination clause is basically standard practice these days. For instance, Google's TOS just says "Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time": http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/ - That's pretty damn scary given that I (and most people I know) have a Gmail account as their primary contact! Everyone just accepts it on the assumption that it's a last-ditch protection against 'bad people', and hopes that in their case if anything goes wrong the company will deal transparently and fairly with them. To somewhere that's not America then? Because you've left a few options open... To the right of the '5' key, above the '3' key and below the '9' key. This was my thought - it's an awesome read and 3D printing definitely has its place, but its strength is generally in one-off or very-short-run custom items rather than building mass produced parts. It's closer to hold'em than it is to a lottery. But like both of those comparators it is certainly a gamble. Everyone who ever did anything that truly changed the world did so thinking it was obvious and that anyone in their place would have done the same. In the case of your Coke vs. Pepsi scenario, would the recipe for Coke not be protected both as a trade secret, and under copyright? On the other hand, I can't believe it'd be against the law for some employees from Coke to quit and start a company that manufactures soda (assuming they didn't actually use Coke's recipe). Object-oriented programming is a paradigm that can be followed in almost any language. If you're creating a conceptual 'object' that stores state and has associated methods then you're using OOP. Question for people who own Pebble watches - have you read the Pebble privacy policy? They track a ridiculous amount of stuff (everything from your GPS location and activity to what other apps you run on your phone), log it indefinitely (literally 'for a period of time') in personally identifiable form, and reserve the right to sell your data to third parties. It baffles me how people can be OK with this. GadgetBridge is the only reason I haven't canceled my Pebble Time Steel order. Hopefully I'll have time to help out with the project once my watch arrives. You mean for Unix phones (a la Ubuntu Phone)? Or you want to tether it to your desktop/laptop? Either way the Gadgetbridge source should provide a good starting point if no existing software is available. I guess I just don't understand how you can not be bothered by the fact that your watch (or more accurately, the companion app on your phone) is constantly uploading detailed, realtime information about your life to a third party? Are you hardcore in the 'nothing to hide' camp? Do you just not believe that privacy is important? If you're fine with Pebble knowing everything about you, are you fine with them selling all of this information to anyone they choose? And given the ongoing litany of security breaches and data leaks, even if Pebble never use or sell your data for anything, are you fine with your information becoming public knowledge if Pebble ever get hacked or have their database leaked? Some day we may just have to accept ubiquitous surveillance as the price for technology, but I don't think we've reached that point yet. The problem is that the app needs internet access, and access to much of your phone's data, to provide the watch's useful functions. You can't just block internet access without disabling apps that require online data. That's no excuse for them to then upload all of that data to their servers for monetisation and possible sale. Thought experiment: Dogs tend to act guilty when they know they've done something wrong. If you get two dogs together, and one does something naughty, do both act guilty afterwards or only one? If only one, then is it not reasonable to assume that the guilty dog has internally models the situation as "I did bad thing, I am bad dog" but the other dog internally models the situation as "I didn't do bad thing, I am good dog"? I'm not saying dogs sit around quoting Kant, but they're highly social animals and I find it hard to believe they don't have some internal representation of themselves. Or terrifying, if you consider that a simulation of his son's brain is , in a very real sense, his son. And that when he shuts that simulation down he's killing it. > I also think we can see a huge bias about some of our theories of what human beings are: [...] I agree. A common theme in articles like this is the suggestion that when our subconscious mind does something, it's "not us doing it", as if your conscious experience is all that counts as "you". The 'conventional wisdom' you quote sounds valid in a professional environment. If your only experience of teamwork is with group projects in university then worrying that 'teamwork' equates to 'being saddled with a bunch of slackers' is entirely reasonable. I think their answer was a very honest answer, which was a classic rookie mistake (although totally excusable since it was their first 'real' job interview). After being round the block a couple of times, we learn to add some spin to the answer, the way you did, and the interviewer sees that we can play the game, and we get hired. I just finished reading Blindsight and Echopraxia (as the omnibus release 'Firefall') a couple of days ago, they're both great reads. I don't agree with his conclusions about sentience but I think they're well worth exploring nonetheless. Edit: Oh wow, not only is Blindsight available online, but all of his short stories are up as well! http://www.rifters.com/real/shorts.htm Consciousness is only useless when performing tasks that you have already mastered. Think of your brain as a box containing a programmer (the conscious) and a computer (the subconscious) - the programmer only gets in the way of a program's execution once the program is written, but is indispensable when a new program is required. It's referenced in Echopraxia, but only to explicitly state that the Bicameral Brotherhood isn't named for that study. :) I agree. Social animals need to be able to model other members of their group. Once that model evolves to include their internal models (including their model of you) then recursive self-awareness pretty much comes for free. This makes heaps of sense, they say "wow it looks so much like a Gaussian kernel" and my first thought was "is Gaussian not the go-to kernel for image processing?" > Plus -- "first newborn in the house" is something that causes upheaval for maybe 6 months or so, and then life settles down again. Ha! That's fine until they get to 8 months and stop sleeping through the night again (which apparently is a common thing). A few weeks of chronic sleep deprivation can absolutely destroy your ability to do anything vaguely brain-work-related. Gotta push the market down before the next round of buy-low-sell-high! Nor does it matter whether you eat carbs or fats or protein. In the immortal words of Doctor Rudy, 'You haf. To eat. Less.' Did anyone else think it was strange, in an article about runtime efficiency, for them to say that problem-specific optimisations promise speedups of "several orders of magnitude"? Because, well, that doesn't change the order of the algorithm... So basically n=12, and they saw 2 instances of one thing and 1 instance of another. Sure, maybe p You can't just lump things into two categories: https://youtu.be/bXKvRNnXF3A I think being difficult "for computers" is a misleading concept. Go is more difficult for our current algorithms than chess, at least in part because we've focused on chess for much longer. Sooner or later we may discover some new algorithm (this deep-neural-net-based approach may be it) which will reduce Go to be as tractable as chess, or even more so. It's discoverable in the sense that if you do the right thing, you discover it. It's undiscoverable in the sense that, even now with long-tap being a fairly common "right click" on touch devices, there's no indication (unless I've missed one) that a long tap does anything here until you try it by accident. It's not a question of "that's hard to do", but of "why would you even do that?" A horizontal pinch-zoom or horizontal drag would be arguably more intuitive as a way to expand the like button. From the announcement on the Parse blog, it sounds like Parse might in fact be the open source Parse alternative: > Second, we’re releasing the open source Parse Server, which lets you run most of the Parse API from your own Node.js server. Sounds like he's viewing things very much from a research-scientist perspective. From that point of view, sure, a lot of the groundbreaking work has already been done. From the point of view of someone who just has a job to do, though, it's a tool in the toolbox. If it's the most appropriate tool then you'd be stupid not to use it. Round is 2-3 days, yeah. IMO it gives up the major drawcard of the Pebble (ie. the battery life and simple 'just the basics' design) for no advantage other than being smaller and prettier. I've got a Time Steel and it lasts around a week, and it's chunky but not hugely so. I like it. Mechanical watches don't hold terribly good time and need to be re-set every few days at the outside. It's quite a pain. And yet this is how people seem to view it (even looking at the "serious" conversations on singularityhub and similar places). Their view of has this real idiot/god dichotomy going on, dramatized so that it only takes seconds from "it's just a dumb computer" to "it's become self-aware" to "it's taken over the entire internet and built an army of robots!" Thinking about it, it probably comes from our general perceptions (based on conventional software development) that computers will either not do something at all, or they'll do it blindingly fast. And even people who work with computers often don't really grok the difference between multiplying two big matrices, and pondering the best way to approach an unsolved problem. Why will an artificial general intelligence automatically be "thousands of times faster than the entire human race"? Are you assuming that this theoretical AI algorithm is trivial in terms of computational complexity? Precisely. The image recognition and natural language processing that's "just a deep learning algorithm" today would have blown the socks off anyone ten years ago. Chess playing programs were AI until they could decisively beat all humans, and then we decided that chess doesn't require intelligence. Self-driving cars were AI until they got close to market and now apparently driving a car doesn't require intelligence. It would seem that only True Scotsmen are intelligent. Works on an original iPhone (if I print it out and glue it to the screen) I've done similar images in the past and the approach I used was: 1) Choose a target image resolution, and set up a square array of that size, initialized to zeroes. 2) Decide on the bounds you want to use, and linearly map coordinates into the target image. Say you want to graph x in the range [Xmin, Xmax) and your resolution is Xres, then pixel_x = (int)((x - Xmin) * Xres / (Xmax - Xmin)) (Note that if you have a higher-dimensional attractor you'll need some form of projection down to two dimensions.) 3) Iterate your attractor equation (starting point doesn't matter because it's an attractor). Each iteration, increment the pixel that matches your current coordinates. Stop iterating when you land on a pixel with a value above some preset. 4) Apply a palette to your pixel values to turn it into a nice picture like the ones linked here. If the author feels they can't be part of a community because of some code containing a suggestively-named (in their particular culture) variable, then that's their choice and more power to them. The response from this Duncan guy was probably unnecessarily rude, and while I mostly agree with the content of his response, he certainly came across as a bit of a dick. That said, I fail to see why we should care. A person was part of a community until they had a snit and left it. Okay. (Edit: As rightly pointed out below, the author was effectively kicked out of their role after complaining about said variable. So fair enough, I'm upgrading Duncan & co. from 'bit of a dick' to 'complete dick who shouldn't be in charge'. In which case we should definitely care about a project's admin abusing their power in that way.) After a re-read, you are indeed correct. And I agree, that kind of behaviour does warrant warning potential contributors away from the project. I do understand why he behaved this way. Look at the recent attempts to coerce various high-profile projects into adopting a particular code of conduct. These attempts invariably introduce identity politics and drama into a previously purely meritocratic community, and result in a huge amount of wasted time and lost productivity. Regardless, I don't think he went about it the right way. It would have been more effective to simply reject the patch with a note stating that the variable name was appropriate in context (assuming it was so). And here is the exact phenomenon we're talking about, in action! Back when neural nets were "fundamentally novel" we didn't have the understanding or computing power to tap their potential. So they "weren't really AI" because they couldn't do much that was interesting. Now, we have a better understanding of how to use them, and we have enough computing grunt to make them do really interesting things. But they're "not really AI" because they're "not fundamentally novel." 10 years ago general purpose image comprehension by computers was nonexistent and Google image search for $word basically just returned images with $word in or mentioned near the URL. Nowadays you can search for "young einstein" and get 3 pictures of Yahoo Serious and 10 pictures of Albert Einstein as a young man. It still looks like magic to me even though I know a bit about how it works. Just wait, after machines become unarguably sentient, the only thing for them to fall back on will be "yeah but it doesn't have a soul". :P So what happens if (when?) we come up with a system that does everything a human can do, better than a human, but doesn't contain any 'crazy insights', just a bunch of incremental improvements on what we have now? Does that mean we aren't intelligent? Or does it mean that the system isn't intelligent but that we are "because we do it differently"? Or do we accept at that point that intelligence is composed of simple building blocks interacting in complex ways (which we already know, if we eschew Cartesian duelism)? I got a "You've been XSSd" popup. Not sure if humorous alert("test") or if demo JS exploit... Edit: Some Ctrl+F resulted in "console.log("halp"); alert("you've been XSSd");" from "Harrison Shoebridge". Naff. No-one's "fixed" email because of the network effect. You think trying to break into the social networking space is bad? Consider that everyone who does use social networking has an email address, along with almost everyone who doesn't. What, any time someone wants an analogy they can simply summon one to their location with their mobile phone? > Most of my friends are feminists . > There's practically no hostility There are many people who identify as feminists who are fair, rational, and genuinely want equal opportunities for all. There are many other people who identify as feminists who are militantly against anything but total female domination. The word is used by so many different groups with different ideologies in different contexts that it's become meaningless. And this is why driverless cars will never (or at least not soon) attempt to optimise trolley-problem-style for number of human lives saved or similar. The algorithms chosen will optimise for one thing and one thing only: Legal defensibility for the car's actions. I don't know about the specifics talked about here, but he's absolutely right that no matter how much raw talent you have, eventually you will find yourself facing a challenge that you can't beat. And at that point, if you want to keep improving, you will have to start learning the same kinds of engineering discipline and using the same kinds of external aids that everyone else has had to use all along. I've seen a few people go through this process (and experienced it myself) at various stages in their careers and everyone has a rough patch after hitting that wall. Eventually they admit that what they've been doing is no longer working, and they become better engineers because of it. But it's tough when you're in the middle of it, and for a while your work definitely suffers. Precisely, and this is all the email is saying; that it's better to learn how to use a winch or a snatch strap before you get yourself fully bogged. "The enemy of my enemy is my food." I love this restatement of RPS. Dancers are more likely to be girly girls and welders are more likely to be blokey blokes, making the two more likely to be compatible? Species go extinct all the time, and the world doesn't end. Wiping out one species deliberately will probably not be a disaster. Letting mosquitoes continue to exist is just as likely to "bring along with it an endless string of unforeseen consequences, one that could possibly be worse for humans than the problems we have now" as not doing so. On the other hand, we should probably do some due diligence before deciding to embark on a mosquitocide, just to try and swing the odds in our favour. "Yeah, well I expect the lights had gone out." Although I guess if this describes Linux, then closed source is generally more like the plans being on display at the local Galactic Council office on Proxima Centauri. Yeah, even if there are no obligate mosquivores, we're perturbing a chaotic system, which is defined by sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Any action we take (including none at all) is going to have some arbitrarily large (or small) effect on the future state of the system. If it works exactly as described, the 'only male offspring' modification should be nice and side-effect-free. But then, evolution is a big-numbers statistical game. Who knows what interesting variations we'll see.. Even 'dull' and 'unimaginative' are outliers. You need to be... beige. But my mum had to cut all the tags out of my shirts when I was in school too! Finally someone who feels my pain! :P Edit: She did though, damn things were itchy. Doesn't seem to be a problem since I grew up though. Funny that. True, species with heterogametic females (such as some reptiles) will revert to parthogenesis if no male is available. If mosquitoes are like that (are they?) then that could lead to all sorts of interesting consequences after a dedicated push to release infertile males. Totally privileged. If these problems can't explicitly be scaled horizontally by the developer, why would this system be able to scale them horizontally by doing it behind the scenes? Any limitations of data exchange between nodes would still apply. Agreed. I took one game to calibrate (I've just never worked with scatter plots much and had no idea what various P-levels "looked like") and got ~30 on my second game. What finally killed me was a streak of low correlations - Eyeballing gives me no idea if it's a 0.05 or a 0.35. Anything 0.45 - 0.8 seemed pretty easy. I didn't really get anything over 0.85. Really? The issues OP lists: * For consumption but not creation - a 'dumb' mobile is even more so, you're stuck with the built-in functionality and can't install any other software. * Not real network clients due to battery limitations - arguably true for 'dumb' phones as well but they don't have the 'powerful CPU and fast network connection' that OP bemoans wasting. * Massive centralization / shift to "the cloud" - 'dumb' phones have limited or no online presence. * Ruined web design - 'dumb' phones have little or no web browsing capability and web pages don't target them. * Insecure - can't really argue that one. * Malevolent / locked down - technically applies to 'dumb' phones but they were never advertised as general purpose software platforms. I'd say most of his points stand. You got to the unsubscribe form? Every time I inadvertently follow a link to that site, I get to their "show the article then cover it in a popup demanding I register" screen, think "to hell with you" and close the tab. Which is a pity because it seems like they have a lot of interesting content, but there's no way in hell I'm going to give them my Facebook or Google+ account to get at it, and I can't be bothered creating a new throwaway email just for them. C++ is a language that's easy to code badly in, but that doesn't mean it's hard to code well (portably, maintainably, effectively) in. IMO it's a language that well suits pragmatic programmers who are willing to cherry-pick the most convenient and productive features for their projects and leave the rest alone. It's a terrible language for those of us who compulsively try to be clever and use every little nook and cranny of the language they're using. They get lost out in the dark scary corridors and spiderwebs, and then say "C++ sucks" instead of "what the hell, don't go out there unless you really NEED variadic templates today." Edit: And it's easy to get yourself in really weird pickles if you don't know what not to do, (static initialization order, I'm looking at you!) I've found my WTF-per-minute rate has dropped dramatically over the years as my coding style has improved. Compare and contrast: https://sense2vec.spacy.io/?dank_meme|NOUN > Meanwhile, the previous designers and implementors seem to fade (who knows where they end up?) 'Promoted' to management, due to the all-pervasive and asinine perception that the only way to recognize a highly skilled technical person is to waste their time with bossing other people around. I think the implication is that the Chinese government exerts a lot of control over the internet there, and are openly monitoring/intercepting internet traffic. As such, they shouldn't be considered a trusted authority for security related purposes. Is that necessarily a bad thing? Maybe if you're transcribing text for dictation, but for many voice recognition uses, you would be happy with text conveying the semantic content of the spoken text. Not my field either, but I wouldn't have thought that mere word proximity would lead to something as interesting as word embeddings either, and they seem to be a general purpose "input token -> semantic meaning" mapping, so who knows? (Seriously, if someone does know, tell!) > They're just facing a bubble, for the time being, that will produce lots of bargain prices when it pops. All those 'old people' who we complain about are going to start dropping off the perch sooner or later. That's when the bubble will really burst. Popular media: "Y and probably Z!!" Social media: "You'll never believe that W leads to this one weird thing!" It sounds like it'd be trivial to nop out the timer on repeated passcode attempts. Which makes sense... Leaving any short passcode trivially crackable. >The fact that they can push weak OS updates to a locked phone is the backdoor. This times nine hundred and eleven thousand. If you're good at picking things up in a hurry, the best way to gain experience in new skills is to get hired for your existing skill set, either at a very small company or (better yet) a large one with incompetent management. In a small company, everyone wears a bunch of different hats and you will often be asked to do new things outside your official role. In a large company with bad management, staff turnover will ensure that they regularly find themselves short on skills, at which point you can stick your hand up to pick up the slack. Either way, if you consistently deliver the goods then they'll keep coming to you with new challenges. Everyone invents slang to seem more important. Google+ was going great guns until they started forcing people to use real names everywhere. There's a big step between "building a social network" and "trying to own your users' real life identities". Just playing devil's advocate here (and I'm in no way full bottle on U.S. law) but from other posts here, one of the most contentious points about national security letters is the very strict gag order that is usually attached to them. Yes, there's a publicly available court order. How would you know there isn't also an NSL? It's amazing how many parallels exist between an abusive workplace and an abusive personal relationship. Good on you for getting out and finding somewhere better! > Carrying a balance on a credit card is almost never an appropriate use of debt. One exception: Credit cards with those introductory "6 months interest free" clauses. Sign up for as many as you can get, with as large a limit as you can get. Max them all out on payments into a mortgage offset account. Just before the end of the interest free period, pay them all off again. (I've heard of this being done but I'd bet it's a lot harder to pull off these days.) Wouldn't they get very hot in the presence of a strong, rapidly varying magnetic field? There's your business model right there. For a modest sum, you will buy your customer's house off them for the new market value, then immediately sell it back to them for the same value. $8000 - 2 x property taxes should still leave some margin. If that quote shows how overrated he is, I should read more of his stuff. This is true but, in terms of security, is meaningless. If they can order Apple to unlock one device this way, they can do it again, and once they've got a precedent, the next time won't be national news, it'll just be routine. Exactly. If there's one thing I hate about the direction of tech these days, it's this headlong rush to gratuitously shackle all of our previously-independent devices to a mesh of online services. My bike lock (to use this example) should NOT require an internet connection, and should not depend on some web service (run by a super trendoid startup which might not exist in six months time) to fulfill its function. And don't get me started on phone apps which shift some trivial processing off into "the cloud" as a thinly veiled excuse to upload all of your personal data to the company's servers so they can then flog your details off to some advertising company. /rant "If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear." Reassuring thought when new laws can be added at any time to criminalize your past actions... Real robots will have their second and third laws swapped. Robots are expensive and humans are stupid. Robots will politely refuse any order which will damage them - for example, a self-driving car isn't going to drive into a wall even if it's empty and you order it to do so.