Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all. ... also often you don't know or even can't estimate how much dollars something can bring in in long term. If you are starting new unique venture you can't really estimate potential gains. But from history of man kind seems that investing in new things and even exotic research is in the long run extraordinarily beneficial. Gains from gathering resources and building ITER (or GPS, or orbital power plant) earlier not later can give humanity much greater benefit than it would gain from instantiating 5 mln startups with 1/5mlnth of the used resources. I'd even say that no value can be created by human activity (by means other than resource exploitation) if it does not involve inventing or applying new technology. Can't people use some better models for monetizing on their creations in place of old "Pay us or we won't show you!"? It's hurting all of us and we have technology now to deal with this some better way. Study comparing apples to oranges ... Why anyone takes this seriously? Just because of thrill value? From Wikipedia: However, this study has been considered to have next to no scientific value, because it compares the irradiated population with the much older general population of Taiwan. A subsequent study by Hwang et al. (2006) found a significant exposure-dependent increase in cancer in the irradiated population, particularly leukemia in men and thyroid cancer in women, though this trend is only detected amongst those who were first exposed before the age of 30 Dolphins do sleep. But only with half of the brain. One of the functions of sleep might be just inactivity but another much more important one must be associated with neurons. I think sleep (namely REM phase) is needed for neural network to avoid overlearning. That's why sleep deprived persons hallucinate. Their neural network is overlearned to recognize stimuli from senses and it recognizes known patterns even if stimuli is week. Nothing better to avoid that is to disconnect neural network from muscles (to avoid hurting yourself) and discharge neurons randomly for some time. "Understanding a pointed finger may seem easy, but consider this: while humans and canines can do it naturally, no other known species in the animal kingdom can." So chimps can't follow finger if it's beneficial for them? Or dolphins or crows? My friend was afraid that someone might want to hurt her dog by feeding him something nasty, and since there is much more right handed people she taught her dog to avoid treats given with right hand. Dog gladly accepted treats given with left hand. At first I was amazed that dog can discern between left and right side of human or the world. That's not something that comes easily even for humans. After the dog refused to take treat lying on the inside of my left hand I turned the hand by 180 deg along wrist-elbow axis and placed treat on top of my hand. Dog accepted the treat without much hesitation. Dog did not understand the concepts of left and right, just relied on placement of the thumb on the human hand he saw. That's how I circumvented her little security measure and hacked into her dog. ;-) What amazes me is that in relatively short lists of things on internet I often see duplicates. May this be lists of jokes, arguments even photos. Copies are usually close to each other, often on the same mid sized page. Is there something in creators psyche that causes having a blind spot on such duplicates? Example from this article: 4. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. 11. Entrepreneurship doesn’t always run in the family. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. Surely this can't be sole reason for all occurences of this effect on the interenet (and even in books). ;-) That's not the point. I am not talking about lack of originality. I am talking about failure to notice duplication in short list of supposedly interesting content published by oneself. From my experience on pair programming: - it occurs naturally if you give two programmers one computer and one problem. - one programmer becomes tactician/executor, other one becomes strategist/supervisor - tactician thinks how to make loop to iterate properly, strategists thinks why to make loop and what to do next. - it helps immensely to have someone who has different ideas than you on your side, if you are willing to submit to this ideas if you don't have other than idealistic arguments against them. I found it much easier to achieve "pair flow" than just "flow". I think someone should write internet worm that upgrades IE on the computers it infects, spreads for after a while then closes hole through which it spreads (so the computer won't get infected again) and then delete itself. The fact that such worm does not exist yet after all years of IE6 suffering might mean that worm writing hackers are assholes. The cause could be that inside the block there were already the /* */ comments, and editor did not have single keystroke option to add // at the beginning of each selected line. Ok. So I have another theory. In place of false there was previously some ugly condition and he wanted get rid of the things that were done on this condition with minimal necessary effort hoping that someone in the future with more time (maybe even himself) will clean that up since doing cleanup in such case is not hard thing to do. "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Again repetition in short published list. Am I going insane? Do you also see this? How that happened? Maybe I am indeed going insane. Again repetition in short published list. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=834697 "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Do you imply that people who ignore some laws do things only for profit? I know that such worm could accidentally be harmful. But IE6 is also very harmful. Security issues in IE can attribute for large fraction of infections with malicious software. Drugs can have side effects in some percentage of treated patients but if they help more than hurt they are still used, especially for diseases where no good treatment is available. Just like in case of IE6. Probably only small fraction of current IE6 users needs IE6 and would revert to it in case other than reinstalling windows after total system failure and thus involuntarily bringing IE6 back on board. I guess there is no good way to weeding out IE6 from corporate environments. Maybe MS should just revoke their licences to use IE6 and sue them? It's interesting question in general how to weed harmful piece of software out of ecosystem. I have friend like that and he saved my ass many times. When I was stuck trying to find satisfying solution, he was almost always coming up on the spot with something simpler then I was striving for, but upon close inspection good enough. If I pointed significant problem in his solution he either came up with fix or abandoned his idea without regret. I like to think that I design better apis and libraries than him because I concentrate much more on what I want to have and try to weed out any inconvenience, but when I can't get what I want then he comes up with the idea I actually can get and is good enough. I think the idea is awesome. It's so much more convenient to go to one place aggregating information from internet to decide whether brand is trustworthy instead lurking around different hard to read forums to get the info yourself. Therefore it's a good free service for customers. It also may become good service for companies because as massive amount of people starts using his site to get information about brands, he offers the companies cheap way to cover up their errors for large part of their potential customers. Guy is a genius and Lisa Barone just doesn't get it. Being Chief Branding Officer probably makes you angry about anything that may help customers recognize true value of brands. Venting anger helps. Often when I was pissed off at my client I wrote angry letter pinpointing all the inadequacies in his behavior. After I wrote it I was calm enough to write another letter where I proposed constructive ways to alleviate the problems we had. Of course I was just sending the second letter because only useful purpose of the first one was to help me calm down. I agree but it's a fun idea to anonymize such unsent angry letters and publish them for own and other peoples amusement. Plus you can learn a lot from other peoples mistakes, may that be mistakes of the criticized ones or the critic himself. From my experience I learned one thing. AVOID DUMB PEOPLE. Never work for dumb people. Never work with dumb people. No matter how beneficial for you the deal is (or seems to be) so far, if you notice that people you rely on are dumb, just quit as soon as you can. Dealing with dumb people almost always backfires hurting you financially and psychologically. I don't say that you have to quit as soon as somebody around you does something dumb, but you definitely should quit as soon as you learn that someone you rely on is dumb, even if he hasn't been dangerous for you so far. There is only one sure way to prevent all kinds of attacks involving javascript. Never emit contents of any variable to the browser without treating it with htmlspecialchars() (or equivalent) first. If you want your users to post formatted content either don't use html for formatting (use something like markdown) or parse the html to tree, and run it through whitelist filter that will let through only tags you want to pass, only attribute values that you want to pass, and only values of attribute that you want to pass (defined by narrow regexps that dont allow such thing as background:url(javascript:)). To sum up never mix other data types with html (kept in static places like template files or read-only database tables), unless you are absolutely sure that they contain html you want to display, either by htmlspecialchars-ing them (safe and fast general policy) or by parsing and whitelisting (for cases that you really, really have to allow some html). Think like that and you will save one dollar in computing power during normal operation and lose over nine thousand when you'll be forced to clean up mess after xss worm attack. Maybe it would be more useful to declare what types of exceptions method handles. Declaring what types of exceptions methods (throws|receives and not handles) should be optional. The way it is now is too much work and too little gain in typical setups. > The string conversion issue was brought up because I think it is an excellent case of 'programmer knows best', but the exception causes the whole dataset to be rejected, not just the one record out of 3.9 million that were fine. The programmer first has to know that he has to make decision what to do with partially wrong input and there is no better way to let him know than throwing exception in his face. Then he will know that there is configuration option that will let him to go around the problem one or other way. Default option in case of any trouble should be exception bubbling up with information what can be done to avoid it. a() throws Exception; b() throws Exception; c() throws Exception; eeeverbody() throws Exception; There, I dealt with exception handling. The more you have, the more you waste. If you have a lot of your working hours available, there is a greater chance that you'll waste them on useless crap like freaking out and stubbornly making useless misguided things. It's better to be a bit lazy and treat your work as scarce resource and think about ways to allocate it better. > That's like saying, "Much more important than breathing is having a beating heart." According to modern resuscitation guidelines this is actually true and meaningful statement. > Working hard does not guarantee success, but it improves your chances. Not a bit if you are doing the wrong things, as you may learn from many startup failures. > They don't want to accept the fact that there may have been guys that could outdo them, but didn't bother. I guess I was one of these guys too. I perceived striving for best grades as inefficient use of my time. I remembered interesting things automatically, I memorized things useful for applications of interesting things with bit of effort. With the rest, I didn't bother. For much effort on my side reward would be very little if any, so I was satisfied with any grade I got, as long as it was passing grade (it was not always easy to get, lack of interest and reputation in the subject sometimes makes getting passing grade really hard). I believe that striving for best grades can have significant mental risk because some things depend only on chance and there is nothing more stressful than seeing how your hard effort becoming pointless by silly accident of teacher being in a bad mood. That changed a little bit in college. There I was satisfied with grades that gave me grade average high enough to get highest merit-based scholarship, because I always liked getting money for something else than my time. With this strategy I ended up as one of 10 best graduates. Along the way, when current school topics aligned with my interests I was getting highest grades. In case of C++ course after spending week on reading interesting half of Bjarne Stroustrup's book, on tests I was pointing out the mistakes in test questions, and providing two answers, one according to intention of the question writer and other according to exact erroneous phrasing of the question. The grade I got was something like A++ (no one else got it) and it was illegal so on later occasions it was counted as A+). When topics diverged from my interests other people were doing better. I wasn't jealous of them because I was never interested in competing with them on their ground and I was pretty sure that on grounds that were important to me they could never be significantly better than I was. When I think of this now I never actually felt good about beating them in my domain. I felt that if they were as interested in these things as I was they could achieve similar results as I did. All software that someone wants to be protected by copyright should have source code publicly available. That would be exact equivalent of standard patents. If you publish all the details of your invention you get temporary monopoly on manufacturing it's copies. If not then you get no protection. > The same reason as copyright – to protect innovation. Does the innovation need protecting? And if so then protecting from whom? Would copy-pasters do more damage to innovation than lawyers do? Grading on a curve is a strange idea. It completely destroys incentives for pear to pear learning, that was very important part of my college experience. I learned a lot by explaining material to my peers. It would be much harder if there was something as discouraging as grading on a curve. Also third point seems valid. In software any change can be made technically at any stage, at cost of work hours (that can be sometimes priced as low as 0$ in case of unpaid overtime) and the software quality. The quality is hard to quantify. You can tell apart perfect from usable from unusable, but software very rarely achieves perfect quality and usable software has fair margin from being unusable so changes rarely bring easily noticeable degradation of quality. But changes do have cost. Developer time has to be paid one or another way eventually and degradation of quality raises maintenance and bug fixing costs. All this has to be (and is) factored in the price of the software. On the other hand I think the first point is completely bogus. Computers are extremely cheap. Before personal computers I'd have to buy very expensive manufacturing machine to provide such value with so little work. If I had no money to start with I'd be forced to work for somebody who had capital to purchase the machine. I might never be able to afford one myself. Actually software is extremely cheap because computers are cheap. Software that costs zero could not be possible if computers were expensive. In my country (that fortunately is not third world but also not the first world exactly) I can buy decent (not high end) computer for my monthly developer earnings and I consider this to be really cheap. There is no other machine so cheap that could provide me with way to produce so much value. chan anons could probably refactor this into some foul meme Maybe you are being downvoted for spelling cheap as cheep or maybe some programmers feel offended by your "cheap programmers" that sounds degrading. "Less affluent programmers can buy cheaper PC's" sounds better. I always wonder: "How can they enforce such laws without putting police officer behind everybodys back 24/7 ?" and if they can't why do they come up with such laws? In my opinion that's exactly why SETI has not detected any signal. There is a very low probability that two civilizations will be using radio waves for few exactly same centuries (even taking into account birthday paradox). Civilizations just few hundreds years more advanced than us probably routinely use cheap neutrino based communication channels. Sadly even if we can detect them they will be probably multiplexed, compressed and encrypted so much that without proper (impossible to guess) algorithms they will be indistinguishable from background noise. Looking for radio waves in space and sending them is almost as dumb as making big fire to create huge smoke signals for aliens and using looking glass to spot same kind of messages from aliens in the sky. I also implemented for my purposes backup scheme that deletes older backups in order to keep backup density inversely proportional to age of backups. Does that mean Apple can sue me because they came up with the same scheme and patented it? _In the corporate structure the to do list doesn't appear at the "C" level._ I guess nobody at "C" level has actually anything that he has to do. These people just wander around dreaming solely or collectively with similar people and/or yelling at subordinates. Look at biohacker42's comment. Autodesk theoretically might raise it's prices since there is more value for customer in item that can be sold when it is no longer needed. > Maybe at the time this was a fairly unique idea, but now it's common place for many many websites. It would not be if Eolas could help it! fail early, fail often ;-) "[x] early, [x] often" is nice rule. Why not apply it to failure? So much like me, especially my deficiencies as free-electron are painfully obvious to me. What's even worse, I'm a loner so there's no one to compensate for my deficiencies. Guy is whining that Google dared to clear up some of the mess of book copyright that was hurting human knowledge preservation and dissemination. He thinks that since Google is rich and can spend money on what they want then whatever they achieve is cheating. He perceives that any endeavor Google decides to spend their money on indicates a precious market that they want to monopolize. He somehow not manages to take into account that before Google took its shot it was a messy desert. To paraphrase Nancy Kress, question is not who should be the repository of such public trust as knowledge. Question is who can be. And it seems that Google is first to stand up to this task. It just shows how dumb are large organizations. Single human being doing educated guesses can be smarter than corporate entity. Great leaders perceived efficiency is effect of two factors. One, they manage to actually strongly influence what happens in their organizations. And two, they are not dumb. At least one of these just must be false for Steve Ballmer. Static typing gives you 'redundancy of meaning' solution for a fairly rare and not especially harmful, or hard to detect by other means, error of holding some data types under identifier that you meant to hold values of different type. It's a hard solution (vide generics and all the redundant typing) for minor problem and it cannot justify its existence on such basis. For me static typing is just a hack on the side of compiler guys to make their work easier for them. It was claimed to have benefits for programmers at later date. > Why do so many people talk about youth as some sort of idyllic time in one's life? I totally second that. Youth consists of people telling you what to do and hitting you without any consequences for no apparent reason beside their own amusement. For me things started to lighten up during college. At last there was almost no boring things to learn (in comparison with previous stages of education) and virtually no homework drudgery. There were fewer interactions with people that were likely to assert dominance over me just on basis of formal authority. Vacations lasted three months. You didn't need to take notes during most courses, just xerox them from someone with better handwriting week before final exams. After college life got even easier. I just have to earn enough money to keep myself and people I care about alive. The only struggle I have today is to build wealth generating system that makes money for me without putting in additional work so I can relieve myself from the last obligations. Paying bills is easy, acquiring and keeping job if you are educated in something useful is also easy. Politics you can withdraw from. Disappointments are spread through all life and they are more harmful when you are young and emotional. Being forced to learn boring stuff on daily basis for 10+ years (that actually longer since you are younger) while coping with your emotions and huge amounts of people you meet is far more hard then anything in adult life. If you positioned yourself so well in life then accumulate wealth, wait for retirement and do whatever you like then. There is never too late to become entrepreneur. Being successful entrepreneur is about hiring guys smarter then you anyway so age is no barrier in becoming one. I'm using language without static typing for most of my work and I can hardly remember any bug that was caused by having wrong type of data in unexpected place. I remember very well redundancy of using language with static typing, I know how much boilerplate code is needed in languages such as java, and how complicated can generics become in C# if you want to achieve fairly simple architectural things that can be concisely expressed in dynamically typed languages. I don't think that's the case. You praise us for having unmatched aptitude for understanding complex systems. While it's probably true, reading such open praise made me uneasy. Strengths do not balance weaknesses because understanding thing fast and thoroughly does not help me to finish what I am building before loosing interest. Sometimes you have to pull off any dirty trick you can google on yourself. Strapping myself to chair with trouser belt worked for me once when I had to do work for customer but my brain constantly zoned out away from drudgery and was raising my body from the chair and sending it to kitchen to look for something unspecified. > He rejected the idea that unrestricted access causes overuse, calling that "nonsense promoted by insurance companies .... There's nobody I've ever met who gets their pleasure by seeing doctors." In my country where medical care is completely free (only medicines cost but they are often partially subsidized) there is problem with overusing doctors time by old, lonely people that just want to talk a bit and meet person that is concerned about them. Of course 100$/month price tag would drove most of them off. Funny thing is that there are ideas in my country to introduce personal health insurances to get rid of ... long waits for some procedures and wasting money. That must be interesting problem if two antagonistic solutions fail similar way. That's the way it's organized in my country as well. You have to go through GP to see any specialist (with exception of dermatologist, urologist and perhaps few others). It sure helps to save specialist time but there are public complaints about wasted GP time. Maybe the trouble in my country is just lack of money for medical care. Not really. It takes less than 10% of your income and it's almost completely deductible from income tax. Main trouble is that you have to wait long for some procedures (but not for general care), and that doctors and nurses as government employees periodically go on strike. I recently mailed short set of logins and passwords to my old customer instead of my current customer. Source of my mistake was that these two people shared both first and last name. Fortunately I felt uneasy and double checked to whom actually I sent the email, and after noticing mistake I promptly changed passwords and sent them to the right guy this time. For some time it is. You can be well for some time just with the oxygen lingering in you lungs and in your blood, as long as the blood is circulating through your body. Right. Because who could build a successful company selling soft that can do some math priced at thousands of dollars? Isn't the math free? People who would buy nice mobile interface for wolfram alpha are not the same people that buy "paper toss". > The game is however slowly rising up the charts (e.g. top 100 apps in Japan) I wonder if any of these can be due to a buzz generated by people playing game for free? I modern harsh world you have to give away a lot to actually sell anything. You can't sell a newspaper without DVD. You can't sell DLC without giving free client to anyone who wants it. You can't sell a game without giving cash to advertisers or free pleasure to pirates. You choose what you prefer but pirates will get what they want anyway. Because they can. And where do you place huge amount of interesting innovative flash games available completely free? Why the thing that keeps them from occupying the same quantum mechanical state by holding them apart (like in neutron stars) is not called force (the fifth one)? That's actually quite funny that we call 'fundamental forces' only the forces that we can't explain the source of. Most open source software is created with the purpose of making grandiose amounts of money, but rather for fun or for showing off. But it's still business and lots people make a lot of money out of it. I'd say first rule of programming is KISS. It kinda includes your rule. Maybe it's just involuntary reflex. I met someone who said he works as admin and complained he can't find a job in the town he lives (he commutes more than 4 hours a day). I couldn't understand that, but later in conversation I learned that he's a windows admin. Then I had the eyebrow rising involuntary reflex and everything became clear to me. Windows admin skills are kinda useless in town where most companies can't afford to use MS solutions where good open source alternatives exists, let alone employ many windows admins. Not in my country. And if they do they don't have money to hire administrator. Son in law of the owner can usually take care of things well enough. Funny how those kinds of calculation fail to take into account how people were slacking of before twitter and facebook. I guess there wasn't articles titled 'Reading newspapers at work costs economy 2bn' because offline slacking off is harder to monitor. Shouldn't something be done about the way we work to get real and take into account that human cannot concentrate on boring tasks for 8 hours a day without breaks? Watching windows logo while your computer boots up is kind of waste. You already bought up this windows thingie and won't be buying another one for a couple of years, so why not present you with Big Star logo or Mc Donalds or something else. Pausing your boot up process to show you the commercial is completely different (complete no no) thing. Actually having apple logo on lid of your laptop is also a waste for the same reasons. Jobs should strike a deal and put Mc Donalds logo there. Lazy and dumb programmers are ok until they discover copy-paste which unfortunately happens very early. "What's the word for bribing people with their own money?" Discount. Nice case study of what happens when delivering software is left solely to corporations. The trouble is that as engineer or researcher you have to actually do some hard, useful things. As for financial sector, so much money is floating around these guys that they can earn exorbitant wages almost effortlessly without having any skill at all. I guess people claiming they can predict future always earn disproportional amounts of wealth without doing anything useful. That is as long as everything goes well. Squeeze this free-riding and casino mixture that is called financial market a bit and you will have plenty of smart people available for hacking physics as they loose incentives for hacking money game instead. I overshot myself a bit with "without having any skill at all". I meant "without skill that they must had to get comparable salary from engineering type of job". Also I didn't mean CRUD jobs because they are probably same as everywhere else. Smart person with a bit of social aptitude can pass them fairly fast. I don't think that during work you would be using skills that you were tested for during interviews. Any highly profitable branch that does not require skill has to have high barrier on entry. Because if not, soon all people would d it, and that would make it less profitable. If job actually requires skill then barrier of entry need not to be so high because lack of skill will quickly become apparent anyway. For example barrier of entry to my college was fairly low (it was technical and not many people actually wanted to get in because math is hard so the college set their barriers fairly low to not put people off, this also probably had to do with the way the school was financed). Semester later one third of the students were gone. After first semester only half remained. > At Microsoft, a new PhD in computer science makes about $90K, while Microsoft pays newly-minted lawyers $140K. And the gap grows after that. That really shows who brings beacon to MS. :-) I encourage all people who enjoy seeing lots of bikes on the streets to visit Florence, Italy. When you are there buy bike for 50 euros and sell it for the same amount when you leave. There are literally hordes of bikes parked everywhere. In this city crowded with tourists you can safely ride a bike though dense crowd, and leave your bike anywhere next to fifty other already parked there. Of course bikes do get stolen as everywhere else so locks are obligatory, but herds work for bikes as well as they work for herbivores. I have a friend who studied econometrics. They learned quite cunning math during their courses. Trouble is that they didn't understand it. They didn't know where it came from or why it works. It was black box to them. What is more this math allowed to calculate things according to one of many competing economical models which none of have been proven in any way to be actually true. It's all fine at the university when you research models, but later on the job it's completely useless. These people perform calculations on daily basis that they do not understand as a form of cargo cult. Later I had a pleasure to work for econometrics professor and his PhD employee. Even they didn't understand all the math they were using. I'm sorry but I am not proper researcher so instead of pieces of evidence I have only experiences and thoughts most of the time. But I still want to share them with anybody interested. Math requires a lot of memorized knowledge to solve anything interesting. Without knowing the right theorems to use in the proof you are trying to compose ... all your efforts might be futile despite having excellent problem solving skills. Math uses mountains of knowledge derived over many years by hundreds of the smartest people in history. You just can't physically repeat their work for the purpose of making your proof. You just have to know what is known so far. For me one of the most fun parts of educations was non-organic chemistry in primary school. So little to learn and you could attempt to solve problems that twisted your brain like a pretzel (and succeed). I could solve problems my teacher couldn't because I was probably smarter then him and we both knew the same about the problem domain because it was all that was to know. It could be easier to understand if instead using z-Transform they shown that you could do better numerical second order integration if you take few previous points into account instead of just one as in naive method of integrating twice with forward Euler integration. Of course purpose of this lecture was probably not to make you understand what you are actually doing while numerically integrating, just to teach you how to put this stuff into simulink that has z-Transform as one of it's primitive building blocks. I was always annoyed during college how math notations occluded what was actually happening. I always had to translate math to common sense. Translate derivatives to speeds of gain, gradients to slopes, vectors to movements and so on. Only then I could understand why given theorem actually might be true (and useful). I could often spot some error in lecture during this process. Unfortunately my peers were most of the times not able to do the same (at least not in real-time). I think much more general understanding could be achieved if my teachers could stand back from math notation and do some hand-waving more often. Smart = Intelligent + Having a lot of domain knowledge It's as simple as that. Being intelligent can also make transforming information to knowledge easier. If you have high IQ and still are stupid that must mean that you don't pay much attention to the domain that you are stupid about. > Bugs in the application resulted in garbage in the database that wasn’t discovered until a couple years and terabytes later. One of my colleagues had the joy of spending 6 months as “data garbageman” cleaning up the database. Cleaning up should be faster. It's strange that thing A is optional but without doing thing A up front you can get yourself in a mess such hard to clean up. If thing A is optional cleaning up the mess resulting in not doing thing A and having bad luck should be much easier. Db guys tend to overlook interesting problem how to get out of the mess. They just have pie in the sky rules and if you don't use them all and get yourself into trouble then it's your fault so suffer! Mr. X got fired because Dustin published his email. What reasonable man could publish somebody's email in which author bitches about his corporate workplace and expect not to get him fired by this? Corporations perceive them selves as saint. If anyone complains about the smell in their cathedral he gets kicked out. You can probably get away with such offense if you are customer but never if you are employee. Another question is: Is money worth so much to justify visiting such smelly place daily? It's actually quite funny that they fired him for violation of NDA. It's like an old joke that someone got punished for disclosing military secrets after he said that general is stupid. With longer eyeball you don't tire muscles in your eye by looking at close objects so it's actually a gain not a loss. I'm attributing my ability to look at screen for 8-16 hours per day, every day for last 15 years to this. Of course progression of myopia is very bad but I think it can be almost completely attributed to wearing corrective lenses. If your eye elongated to adapt and you trash benefits of this elongation by wearing glasses without changing you lifestyle then you encourage further elongation. Before I formed my theory about myopia it progressed already to the point where I couldn't look at computer screen without glasses so not wearing them for most of the time is no longer an option for me. Three years ago I bought myself new glasses but now I started noticing that they are no longer adequate when I have to look at distant objects. They are of course still perfect for watching computer screen. My plan is to buy myself new ones and use them only on occasions where I will need to look at distant things. For other needs I'll still use outdated ones. That kinda reminds me how when you upgrade hardware for your webapp new features quickly crawl in that utilise the hardware. They might not be needed but they become possible so they come into existence. To reduce amount of bureaucracy you'd have to pick some work-consuming area of the operation, make it obsolete by government act and fire all the people that were doing that work so they will not be available for other tasks inflating them. To avoid their complaints you should still pay them salaries for few years but allow and encourage them to find themselves another job outside government sector. First of you are already burned out so make yourself two year holidays to rebuild your strength and relationships with the people you care about. Surely you must have accumulated enough wealth by now to afford such things (of course this will require cutting down on some expensive stuff). After two years start freelancing. Eventually build a startup. Live happily ever after. There is a very long way form audiophiles to people who delay giving hastily developed precautionary drug against illness that has 0.02% mortality rate on diagnosed patients. Audiophiles are just people who pay vast amounts of their expendable money for feeling well. They are just plain stupid because if they changed their friends and forgot the audio thing altogether they'd feel well at no cost. Cautious parents just show reservation and that is not stupid at all. Especially taking into account in haste preparations of the vaccine, major amount of money that is going flow to pharmaceutical companies and information noise generated by the media. You don't want to be early adopter of potentially buggy solution if your kids health is at stake. > PS if I was marketing the swine flu vaccine, I'd name it after a kid who died last season and put her picture on the release form. Ah the old "Buy our stuff or your kid will die like this one" pitch. Always works. I just say that mentioning audiophiles and swine flu vaccine in same article makes me uneasy. And not acting on something you hear in media is neither stupid nor irrational.