I'm not sure if they really "blur the line". Speed wise, the new SSDs are coming closer and closer to RAM, but latency wise they're still miles off. There's still a lot to be done before SSDs can truly rival with memory. I compiled a nightly build of LineageOS yesterday. Building it for just my phone requires: -8GB of RAM -70GB of disk space Pulling down the source code from github using my 500mbps connection took about half an hour. The first build took over 90 minutes. Adding a single file and rebuilding took 25 minutes with compiler cache enabled. Presumably the compiler cache will speed up building for multiple devices and device specific builds will probably only take half an hour after the first build, but these numbers will not fit in any free plan. Granted, bitbucket seems to have decent pricing for their Pipelines but the price for building weekly for all devices will probably be too expensive in the long run. That's why they're looking for servers donated by the community. So these people were expecting a private company to spend thousand of dollars on construction costs because their house didn't get hooked up back when the cables were put in the ground for the first time? I don't understand why they ever expected to get a free connection in the first place. Internet isn't considered a public service (yet) and there are no government goals to connect every household. ISPs won't get any subsidy for connecting up these people so it's only logical that they need to pay the construction costs themselves. Governments should make broadband Internet a public service but the companies involved will never cooperate. The only way everyone can get a decent connection is when the government takes over the responsibility for providing Internet access. But that requires money which requires tax increases which will anger the people so that will never happen. This might cause a lot of infections around the world for systems without the other code execution prevention systems... Older versions of Android don't have much protection against Stagefright or other such attacks if ASLR is circumvented. The same can apply to older versions of Windows (7 or earlier) without EMET installed. It took the most popular desktop Linux operating systems (like Ubuntu) a very long time before they even shipped ASLR. I hope further defense in depth will be implemented now that ASLR is proven weakened. There's not even a need for installing a proxy! SSH has native SOCKS proxy support, so all you need to do is set up an SSH connection and set the browser connection to a dynamic SSH port forward. This also prevents leaking DNS requests : with a standard proxy your computer might be trying to look up domains using the company DNS system. With a SOCKS proxy, you can forward all DNS traffic as well! This is a good point. Google has added functionality so that user installed certificates bypass all certificate pinning utilities, so users using these tools are less protected. However, there is no indication of the network being monitored once the certificate has been installed. On Android every time a user-installed certificate authority is used a warning is shown. Furthermore, the user is forced to set a lock screen the moment you install a certificate. If Google can push this (frankly user unfriendly) UI through, why not change "Secure" into "Monitored" in Google Chrome? The green padlock is a lie and the truth is exposed only after inspecting the certificate using the web developer tools. The latest browser I can think of that should still support your OS and still gets updates (for a few more months at least) is the extended support release of Firefox 45: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/all/ While it may not support the latest HTML5 features, you'll still be patched against security vulnerabilities. Alternatively, you could install Windows 10 using bootcamp according to the bottom post of this thread: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7171259?tstart=0 Windows 10 works pretty decent on low RAM devices, and you'll be able to run all the latest browsers and software. Except that in this case the blind will no longer be able to listen to the audio recordings and the deaf will no longer be able to use the animations and automated closed captions. They should have struck a deal where all new content will be ADA compliant and all courses will never depend/actively refer to the old material, but keep the old material still online for further research. Of course UC needs to stay compliant. But that doesn't mean forcing it to take down old material will help anyone. I assume Google wants to push their own image format (animated webp) instead of supporting an old format nobody has been using for years. This is good news though; finally we can start to abandon the cruddy old GIF format and move to something more modern. Imgur converts most moving images into mp4 and webm, serving the optimal file to the browser the visitor is using. I think this is part of the reason why people use the word "GIF" for any moving media these days as imgur is a very popular medium. Very interesting to note: > However, searching a small sample of firmwares I have present, I've been able to verify the existence of the "ccx" tag in the Galaxy S7 (G930F, G930V), Galaxy S6 Edge (G925V), Galaxy S7 Edge (G935F, G9350), Galaxy Note 4 (N910F) and Galaxy S5 (G900F). This could mean that not only Apple devices are affected. Broadcom chips are everywhere and bringing out patches and firmware update is a big problem in the Android world. This is probably decompiled code. Many functions loose their names if code gets optimized or obfuscated. function_XYZ is probably a placeholder used by the decompiler. There's already a system to do so: it's called DNS. You can check for timeouts using XHR already and if a server doesn't respond then having it send a new IP wouldn't work anyway. The problem with using DNS that way is the usual 30 second time out. On the other hand lower values than 30 seconds can cause problems for many users with slow or mobile connections. Honestly I can't think of a reason why the HTTP specifications should contain anything about IP addresses. I don't agree with the parent post (I think all traffic should be encrypted now that let's encrypt exists) but this is an interesting point. For example, Google is making it as difficult as possible to install certificate authorities in Android. Root certificates are encrypted as if they are client certificates, requiring the user to set up PIN or password protection on their lock screens. Removing this protection immediately disables the installed user certificates. Google has changed the Android 7 API so that by default the user certificate store is not used to validate the validity of certificates (only the system store is used). Apps need to opt in to still support user certificates. Of course this is all done to prevent malicious actors from performing MitM attacks on users. Still, I would not be surprised if Android P removes the user certificate store all together. This is why video content websites suck. Getting in the way will only frustrate users. In my country there is a legal right to copy audio and video content for your own consumption. We can download your video, play it on the TV in living room, save it to our phones and watch it in the train to work. And if your content is interesting enough, people will do so. If your site were interesting enough, I'd probably write a quick Chrome extension that adds a big download button to save others the hassle of going through the developer tools. Although the domain name registration was intentional, activating the kill switch wasn't. The author registered the domain name without knowing what would happen (the virus might as well have wiped the entire disk) and was surprised to see that he had activated a kill switch. That's the accidental part. Exactly! The first thing I thought of when I read the title of the patent was the tmux session I had opened in my terminal. Given how GNU/Unix Screen has been available for thirty years I doubt this patent will hold up in court. I'm still missing the insight into websockets that Chrome offers. The network monitor can see websockets being made, but there is no way to see the data inside the data frames. There are of course extensions that fix this but in my experience they are heavy and slow down the debugger. I really hope this feature will be added soon (or has been added without me noticing it) The dementia argument is compelling; is a criminal missing all of the memories from his criminal past still a criminal? Punishment makes no sense when the punished doesn't understand what they're punished for. As for the other elderly, although there is not much of a risk that these elderly prisoners will fall back to a life of crime, they are still there for a reason. One of the prisoners used as an example has been convicted of a sex attack he committed when he was 68. Another prisoner used as an example has committed several serious crimes, each worse than the last. He's been given multiple chances to better himself; he didn't, so he has to face the consequences. We can hardly stop punishing criminals "because they're too old". The whole idea of a prison is that you get less freedom and luxuries than the people outside. Putting prisoners in a special home would give them the same (and for some people, even more) luxuries than the elderly outside the prison have. Apple still doesn't allow true browsers in the app store. Not because they disallow duplicate system applications (plenty of calculator apps out there). The problem is that Apple does not allow any developer to use a browser engine other than built-in Safari. Apple also doesn't allow virtual machines/on the fly compilation of code, making any alternate, fast enough Javascript engine practically impossible. "Browsers" on iOS, such as Firefox Focus and Chrome, just repurpose the built-in Safari engine with some modifications (bookmark sync, extra content blocking, etc.) That sounds like an interesting idea for a mod though... FYI: Firefox (and other browsers as well I think) already have built-in functionality for generating a cURL command with all the headers and cookies included. In the dev tools, you can right-click on a request in the "network" tab and click Copy > Copy as cURL. Sadly, this only works for requests you haven't already done with the dev tools open and it doesn't generate wget commands, but you might get some use out of this while the add-on is being updated. Whatsapp Web works perfectly for me in Firefox, but only after messing with my adblocker settings; the website depends on javascript from at least three domains to work. FINALLY, someone who had the same idea as me. I've actively looked for ways to do something like this and even considered setting something like this up in a quick and dirty way (by abusing X forwarding over the internet across devices; probably the closest I'll get to making this system work without modifying every program on my computer). The sheer inefficiency of getting my email on my phone, laptop, PC and tablet across several apps without any of them communicating between them is driving me mad. I have an overpowered gaming machine in my room and a slow, old Samsung tablet near my bed. If I want to read something in bed, I'll have to suffer through the slow Chrome browser with all of its lag and lack of hardware accelerated decoding while there's a machine with incredible graphical power available _right there_. I'd love to turn my tablet into a thin client for my PC, but that requires a mix of slow or unstable remote desktop apps. In my mind, this concept would also have other devices help with the workload. For example, when my server is busy running compilers, my laptop can kick in and help out with some of the work by doing the Javascript for my tablet. This makes the work more complicated, but combines the power of my collection of personal devices into a single platform. I really hope someone or some company can help the world move this way. It's been done before in part back when thin clients were the latest hit and after the last few years, responsive design has been normalized to the point combined systems like these have a real chance of becoming the next thing in computing. Sadly, I fear the moment this becomes popular the general population will just pick a cloud-based solution so they don't need to set up an application server, which gives companies like Amazon and Google even more power and data then they already have. Works fine in Firefox + reader mode Text-only link because NPR couldn't be bothered to make their GDPR compliance page link to the correct page: https://text.npr.org/s.php?sId=621752789 Based on what I see around me, people just use the first browser they see. Until someone with technical know-how comes along, people will use Edge on Windows (and usually complain about how the internet is acting up, but that's another story). The same goes for Samsung and its own browser, simply called "Internet": people often have heard of Google Chrome but won't go looking if there's a working "internet button" right in front of them. Other vendors use the same trick. Personally, I would think this is a good thing as it takes away some of the monopoly Google has, if Samsung etc. would just give their browsers regular updates through the Play Store/their own app store (latest version I can find on the Play Store still uses Chrome 59). There is no technical reason to install the Google app or to install Chrome. Vendors can easily install their own WebKit/Blink engines for all the WebView/technical requirements (as seen by alternative ROMs) and the Google app can be deleted without affecting the other Play Services. I think this is a ploy to prevent companies like Microsoft from coming with their own ROMs that focuses on Microsoft applications (Cortana, Bing, Edge mobile, Outlook, Microsoft Office etc., MS have a near complete stack of applications for Android) without offering any pre-installed competition like Google does. Wikipedia has a nice graph: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Android_version_history#/media... Needs an update though; this one only goes up to February this year. It's possible on most devices to use adb over the network. It's a separate toggle in the de developer settings as it exposes the adb port to all network interfaces (think WiFi, LTE, Bluetooth, etc.) Use `adb connect ` to connect to your device over WiFi and you should be able to use this tool without having a wired connection to the phone. This isn't just an iOS bug. The affected CSS property is just not available on most platforms. Sinfe I do not have access to any apple hardware, I tried turning on the experimental web features in Chrome Canary on my phone and it managed to freeze Android as well. The Chrome browser crashed on Windows with this setting on. Microsoft Edge, the only browser other than Safari to have support this property without messing with config, just showed a generic "this page can not be displayed" message. I think this problem affects the entire WebKit/Blink code base, the only reason the crashes are not being detected on other platforms is that most browsers just don't support this feature yet. From the WebAudio spec ( https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/#allowed-to-start ): > An AudioContext is said to be allowed to start if the user agent and the system allow audio output in the current context. In other words, if the AudioContext control thread state is allowed to transition from suspended to running. > Note: For example, a user agent could require that an AudioContext control thread state change to running is triggered by user activation (as described in [HTML]). This means the user agent (the browser) is allowed to choose when the AudioContext can be used. It's up to Chrome to determine when playing audio is allowed. I can't think of an example where auto playing audio without user interaction is a good idea anyway. This was explicitly warned for in the moving standard since at least late 2016( http://web.archive.org/web/20161031141656/https://webaudio.g... ). So people with an exotic email address can't use your service because you don't think their email is valid? The reason you don't see those exotic addresses are mostly because of bad programs not knowing how email works. This reminds me of that story of a Chinese man unable to get registered at the bank because the computer systems don't have a character required to write his name. Sure, "it only affects a small amount of people", but it shouldn't be that hard to just flag strange but valid emails with "your email looks strange, check it again and tick this box if you're 100% sure you typed it right" instead of outright refusing to work. The check box doesn't even need to be interpreted server side, this can be done in one or two lines of javascript. Also very interesting how they do include IP addresses in their regex but only ipv4. As far as I can read, the author makes points based on the data he analysed. The jabs at gender studies near the end were somewhat misplaced in my opinion but they do not contain the core message. It should be easy enough for someone opposing this man's view to take the dataset presented about and disprove the conclusions made. Claiming statistics like "amount of citations at time of hiring" are offensive is by no means helping anyone's case. I hope the author will be reinstated quickly because I see no reason to act revenge upon him just because one disagrees with their conclusions from a statistical analysis. This is exactly what the peer reviewed system should prevent. The WiFi adapter restrictions are either the result of hardware restrictions (the UEFI firmware not allowing a different device) or a lack of drivers (there's no macs with Intel PCI WiFi cards so Intel doesn't have any MacOS drivers). Although there's plenty of reasons to critisise MacOS restrictions, the WiFi hardware issue is not one of Apple's faults. Depends on how competent the package maintainers are/remain. You might just be one script bug away from wiping random files ( https://www.slashgear.com/steam-on-linux-bug-can-delete-all-... ) Browser vendors have previously expressed their trust in the Symantec ecosystem. After Symantec repeatedly failed to hold up their promises, the vendors are now revoking the trust they had placed in Symantec ecosystem. Browser vendors can no longer tell their users they are connecting to a secured and validated website because of this. To accommodate Symantec customers, browser vendors have given people (a lot of) time to change certificates, trusting the certs even though the party that signed them was no longer trusted. This placed users at somewhat of a risk, but made possible a grace period. Now that grace period is nearly over. The companies at fault, who gave out unverifiable certificates, have not contacted all of their customers or their customers have not acted on their messages. Either way, this is not the problem of web browser vendors. End users trust their browsers to warn them if their safe connection is fishy and browsers will soon actually show those warnings. If you disagree and want to ignore the recommendations of Google and Mozilla, feel free to disable the Symantec distrust flag or to use a different browser that still accepts the bad certificates. That is your choice and the choice of any end user. However, those who don't understand the underlying problem continue to rely on the safety their browser software provides, as they should. If a small website can no longer display simple information because of Symantic not being trustworthy, that website should take it up with Symantec. And it's not as if the certificate wouldn't have to be replaced within about a year from now anyway; there's no extra costs or effort required, just earlier costs. Let's not forget that it is the web browsers that gave Symantec a business model to take away in the first place. If from the beginning non-commercial key distributions would have been set up (public keys over DNSSEC or something like that) this would not be a problem and the whole HTTPS certificate market wouldn't even exist. Sure, X509 certificates are used for other usages as well, but not as prominently as for web browsing. A lot of MTAs are improperly configured. There's still a lot of plain text email sent across the Internet. The secure mail servers often have trouble connecting to anything with a TLS version higher than 1.0 (if even that). Many mail servers also don't have a valid server certificate (self-signed, expired or even from the wrong domain). In my opinion, the email ecosystem is hopeless with regards to TLS security. Gmail started showing red padlocks for plaintext or insecurely sent emails a while back and I still see the red pad lock to this day. Bexause of this, disabling old TLS versions could make your server unreachable for large parts of the Internet or have servers fall back to plain text if they're improperly configured. Nobody wants to be that one company that can't receive your grandma's emails so everybody just keeps accepting improper configuration. Another problem is that a lot of MDA servers share their TLS config with the MTA side. I know from experience (worked at a small company that upgraded their email servers to TLS 1.2, at least on the MDA side) that old Microsoft mail clients (Office 2007 and lower, Windows Live Mail 2012) have trouble with TLS 1.2, especially on older Windows versions. Although these clients have all been deprecated for a long time, a lot of users with few tech skills still use them because that's what their PC was set up with years ago when they bought it, or because they don't want to waste their time learning how to deal with a new UI (you can see this with a lot of elderly people). For programs that use the Windows 7 TLS libraries TLS 1.2 is even disabled by default in Windows 7 because at the time Windows 7 launched, other implementations had major bugs. It can be enabled using a registry key though. This includes Office 2010, which still gets security fixes from Microsoft. So, if a large company would disable TLS 1.0/1.1 on their MTAs it might get a large amount of customer support calls from their least technical customer base. You can tell your customers that their program is out of date and that their program is the reason they're getting errors, but in the end the customer will still blame you for "breaking their mail program". Aside from a massive blow to a company's reputation, this would also overload the customer support desk and cost a lot of man hours. Actually, I've seen the built in mail app for Samsung smart phones fail on TLS 1.2 for Android versions up to Android 8. Other Android vendors generally have trouble up to Android 5/6. With the lack of system updates on the Android ecosystem, this could be an even bigger problem. I believe disabling old TLS versions is the right thing, but not until large parties such as Microsoft and Google decide to take the first step if you still want your server to receive any email. I agree with you in the case of old encryption methods (plain DES, RC4, NULL cipher) but not all protocol problems are because of the lack of a recent encryption algorithm. There's heaps of old modems that use a weak DH key and will never see a firmware update. You're left with either accessing the device insecurely over HTTP, hoping your ISP will send you a new one (good luck with that) or paying for your own modem which will probably never be allowed on the ISPs network. Weak DH keys should not be that hard to keep in the code base yet still most browsers will present an impassable TLS error screen. Honestly, I don't know why corporate systems just plain reject standard HTTP(S) traffic and require browsers to configure a corporate proxy which signs connections with their own internal certificate authority. Transparent MitM is such a hassle and in a corporate environment you should control the client devices anyway. As an added bonus you can choose which protocols you will or will not support on the external side, protecting your ancient Windows XP boxes from SSL2 downgrades and allowing them to contact modern websites their SSL libraries might not support. As other wrote, this might cause problems when TLS 1.3 contains a major vulnerability TLS 1.4 fixes. In my opinion, the `ssl_protocols` config should accept a string like "TLSv1.2+ -TLSv1.3", basically stating a minimum version, allowing exclusions and including anything newer. In the same spirit, one should be able to do "TLSv1.0-TLSv1.2" for setting a maximum, with specific exclusions if a new TLS version ever becomes a problem. I think SNI will remain in fashion even after IPv6 is introduced globally. SNI works fine for plain IPv6 address. If you run multiple websites on a single server for example you can move your server to another IP address / host / datacenter, update the IP address in your DNS settings and you're done. If you use IPv6 for this purpose, every domain and subdomain need to be configured with a new IP address and need a special line in the DNS config. This leads to administrative overhead, which leads to mistakes. You can host your own repository if you so wish and have users download the app from the standard F-Droid app, similar to the many PPAs available for Ubuntu. You end up having complete control over your APK distribution and users can receive updates through F-Droid. F-droid certainly isn't perfect, but it's the best Play Store alternative I've seen. Load balancers, IDS systems, traffic analysis, bad firewalls, content filtering systems, transparent proxies, some kinds of "intelligent switches", consumer routers with AV capabilities. Also anything sold by Blue Coat. You can read detailed examples on Cloudflare's blog, they've been very eager to experiment with TLS 1.3: https://blog.cloudflare.com/why-tls-1-3-isnt-in-browsers-yet... Actually, Firefox does prepend the www subdomain but only if it fails to resolve a domain. When I mistype a website (exmaple.com) I often end up at www.exmaple.com if I don't interrupt Firefox. Chrome is moving towards the opposite though, hiding the www subdomain in the browser bar. Because most server-side web apps are complicated. The ones that aren't (too some extend) can just get [apt-get|dnf|yum|pacman]ed into your server and you're ready to go. WordPress and Roundcube are one command away from running on your server. If running apt-get, picking a database password and setting your domain name are too much to ask, it's likely that someone like that might not have the expertise to securely run a web-facing server-side application securely. There's several systems set up to make self-hosting projects easy. It usually involves some behind-the-scenes docker containers with custom scripts and a custom web interface. If you're interested in something like this, try Sandstorm: https://sandstorm.io/ It has a free demo that shows exactly what it can do. It works quite nice, actually. As you might have seen, there is only a limited amount of software packages available on Sandstorm. The trouble comes with dependencies and overhead. Not every project can talk to Postgres (WordPress mostly relies on MySQL), leading to multiple databases running at once unless you go and manually configure addons and config files to make software talk to each other. Software is designed to run well on a specific base system, be it Ubuntu Server with postgres, CentOS with MySQL or Arch with sqlite. To make this easier, large software packages are usually packed into Docker containers. Running multiple Docker containers still requires some effort (you need to specify what persistent data needs to go where) but that's nothing compared to manual installation. It's also a requirement one cannot easily get around, as most people/companies have their own preferred storage paths and data storage requirements for important data (think encrypted databases, separate encrypted disk mounts, etc.). This is tiresome and requires reading up on the relevant documentation, but not difficult. With most of the complexity removed (just ports and paths), you quickly end up running multiple versions of Nginx and Apache at once because every docker container comes with its own web server and its own specific, non-compatible add-ons. This wastes RAM and CPU which could be used to have your services run more smoothly. Most big applications therefore are designed to run best on their own separate hosts to take full advantage of the (virtual) hardware. The article linked is a good example. It is not a manual about writing config stanzas and downloading packages; it's the bare minimum one needs to handle to configure something like Mastodon. The constant boxes are actually against the spirit of the GDPR and it's only a matter of time until they are banned as well. The GDPR requires all tracking to be opt-in and to be completely optional. Blocking access to a page by requiring the users to tick one or more permission boxes is not opt-in. The same is true for many other GDPR permission forms (like Tumblr's) where all uses and parties were/are enabled by default and one needs to disable each one individually. It's a matter of time before one of these big firms gets investigated for these practices and a fine is dropped. Publishers will learn to stick to the rules soon enough. They will probably forward all DNS traffic to their own resolvers by just changing the destination IP of any UDP traffic to port 53. This won't work with DNSSEC or encrypted DNS though. If you run Firefox with the -P command line argument, a profile selection screen comes up in which you can create multiple profiles. These are completely separated (down to the HSTS state!) "accounts". I don't know how MacOS works, but if you set your Firefox shortcut to firefox -P you can switch profiles by restarting Firefox. Granted, it's not as nice as Chrome, but it might still be of worth to you in some way. One of the most common problems in ISP customer support is customers changing their default WiFi password (good) but forgetting it (bad). Then their laptop crashes and they need their replacement laptop to connect to the WiFi. This is also the moment a customer will straight up deny the existence of ethernet cables or claim to have never heard of any Internet-related device that does not use WiFi. To satisfy these customers, you need to be able to either read out the WiFi password or have some way to push a new one. As it's just plain easier to just allow full-on access to the modem GUI for their customer service agents, it's often possible to read any passwords or settings from the help desk. As impressive as this toy sounds, I don't see how it is related to robotics. The comparison between a vibrator and a full sex robot does not make sense to me; a sex bot needs to articulate joints and show human expressions, a vibrator needs to make some ver slight movements in very specific places. I don't blame the author for being upset about this because I can't see a reason to retract the submission to the contest. I do, however, feel like these kinds of sex toys are only minimally related to robotics, so I think they shouldn't have been able to submit their device in the first place. That's another fault on the end of CES. As sibling comments note, there's been vibrators on the robotics section before, but it might be that they slipped through the submission process as well and, to prevent controversy, let through unscathed. Now that more of these submissions come through the board seems to have decided that enough is enough and actually speak out against these just-if-not-nearly robotic devices. Their defence that the product has been designed with the help of roboticists is very strange. If me and a few aerospace engineers build a fence that fence does not qualify as a space craft, no matter how many heat shield we stick to the side of it. Spending half the page blabbering about empowerment of women and LBQTI+ only detracts from their argument. Their baseless claim of mysoginy and homophobia distracts from their reasons for why they should be included in the first place and should not have been included in this response. It makes the author of the piece look very unprofessional and desperate for help from some of those action groups that take to the streets the moment they see the word "discrimination". To me the first response sounds very much like a canned PR response written by someone with little knowledge of what goes on inside CES. CES has allowed vibrators before so I don't see why they wouldn't stroke with policy now. As another comment in this thread states, OhMiBod has been showcased for years. I think at first someone at the top (or middle management) just said "that's not relevant, someone get that project out of here", which got passed down the chain of the company to some intern writing a standard email with a useless explanation. Then, when that blew up, an actual response was formed by the PR department, then by the top of the company, complicated further by the authors of this piece contacting people unrelated to either statement and getting another explanation from them. Just a corporate communications cluster fuck. "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity" and all that. I won't say anything about the immorality because differentiating between male and female sexual experiences is incredibly bigoted and I don't believe this is what was meant by their message at all. I'd expect a similarly advanced fleshlight to be refused on the same grounds as this toy, despite being built for men. I don't think it's fair that this product, advanced as though it might be, is put in the same category as fully articulated sex robots. That's not really the EU failing, that's just poor countries being poor. A smart businessman will export his goods for the highest price to make more money if he can. That will lead to shittier products sold in poor countries, but it also brings food to the table of the farmers. It's not as if Poland and Hungary would have been booming economic superpowers if it hadn't been for the EU. The people fleeing their country because of the lack of jobs won't suddenly find new jobs if they can't leave. The exploitation of cheap, foreign labour is an issue though and it's not just hurting the people being exploited; the natives of the country the exploitation takes place in will see their wages drop if some shady outsourcing company can have the same work done for half the price. Those old people don't want their assets wiped by someone who can barely understand their language either but they need to put up with it because of cost-saving measures that has degraded the level of care. This is something the EU can change, but the many labourers who'd be out of a job if the EU added more restrictions to foreign travel wouldn't agree with changing the policy to make them unemployed. The double production line issue would just come back in a different fashion if quality goods weren't exported; there'd be no money to be made selling most of the goods, so they either become a luxury product or only the cheap, garbage production line remains. Despite all the known problems, countries like Albania, Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia are all applying for (or already negotiating) a position within the EU. If they would really be better off without the "dysfunctional" EU, they'd form their own bloc or remain independent. Even for poor countries, the EU brings benefits. With the shutdown of nuclear reactors, Germany is starting to rely more and more on coal plants to provide a stable source of power that isn't dependent on weather patterns (sun for solar panels, rainfall for hydro electric). Up to a point that's true. Low-speed roads are fine for mixing bikes and cars but once cars start going twice as fast as bikes (say, 40-50kph) you need separated bike lanes to have a safe biking experience. If you don't, bikes are likely to cause either massive safety risks or huge traffic slowdowns, which themselves can be a safety risk. The same can be said for these scooters. Pedestrians walk at about 5kph; Lime scooters (at least the Lime-S ones) can go up to about 25kph. That's 5x the pedestrian speed; that's like biking on a road where people drive 100kph. These scooters should be treated like bikes, not like pedestrians. A safe traffic segregation would be pedestrians separated from bikes separated from motor traffic, with anything going above 10kph classified as bikes. There was a civil lawsuit and Huawei won. This is probably just part of the general witch hunt the US is undertaking against Huawei. Don't forget the Stagefright-like bug in iOS where a malformed TIFF file could lead to remote code execution! I've seen people that had their default background colours to dark green since the Windows 95 era. This is not a new trend. It's just not as common anymore as it used to be back when you as a user could specify easily how you want your system to look. Is it a PWA? I didn't get the normal "add to your homescreen" popup and manually adding it to my homescreen adds a bookmark instead of opening in a separate instance. I think this is just a regular old website with strange javascript libraries. The footer says it's based on Polymer and Hugo, perhaps they don't play along well with Safari? Strange how Safari still has trouble with PWAs, web applications were one of the main selling points of the original iPhone... I love Matrix and I am planning on running a home server of my own and integrate it with all the different chat services I use. Last time I checked there was the Matrix reference implementation and Riot. Today, there's a bunch of gorgeous Matrix clients that I can see people actually use. Alternative clients like Fractal and Nheko can make or break the ecosystem and I'm glad to see continuous improvement in that area. It's especially nice to see the cross-signing proposal approved, as trying out just a few Matrix clients over time has added 9 separate keys I need to approve to my account already. Stuff like this will make it easy to switch phones/desktops/apps and will be wonderful for public uptake. There's a whole bunch of bridges available for Matrix. I plan on trying the whatsapp and telegram bridges, and maybe discord as well. There's a list here: https://matrix.org/docs/projects/bridges The "cable" has WiFi, so it's probably possible to set up a hidden WiFi network around the premises of the target and have the implant connect with that. With the right type of antenna you can set up a WiFi connection to a specific device from quite a way away. Then tunnel the connection from your malicious AP and emulate ethernet on the USB side of the implant. Or, search for open/guest networks and use those as an uplink. There's plenty of possibilities for this to work as a malicious network adaptor. However, I think the network example is just a proof of concept and the remote connectivity is much more interesting to any real attacker. In my experience, there are actually networks that throttle certain kinds of traffic. For example, on the WiFi on Blauwnet trains I can connect to my OpenVPN server but WireGuard just doesn't seem to make it through. I assume this is because of a combination of unknown ports + UDP + uncommon protocols. I think the trick to bypass this kind of nonsense is to use port 443/1194/53 so QoS + firewall rules will still allow the VPN to pass through. Haven't tested it yet, but in my experience non-default ports only make the problem worse. Most filtering/QoS services are pretty dumb and will just match source and destination ports; most firewalls will just plain ignore everything targeted at port 443 because the moment you start messing with HTTPS, you're in for a world of pain. Because WireGuard uses UDP, it's possible to listen on port 443 even if you're already hosting an HTTPS website. Sadly, you won't be able to use QUIC or HTTP3 if you do, but I don't think that's much of an issue these days. To humans, 01 is the same as 1. To computers, there's two integers separated by a slash. While it's true that there's a leading 0 on the card itself, there's no reason not to just split on the / and convert both sides to integers. Actually, the EU privacy laws already forbid loads of data being stored in countries where the privacy of that data might not be maintained. When the US was ruled as not trustworthy enough, the Privacy Shield agreement was quickly thrown together. That's currently why some sensitive information about European citizens is allowed to be stored on US soil. However, acts like these (Cloud act, PATRIOT act, etc.) make me, as a European, very uncomfortable. I hope the EU will take action against the US. Russia and China already have regulations that certain information can only be stored inside their own country's borders and MS Outlook still works fine; there's no need for the EU to just take crap like this without putting up a fight. If you want bang for your buck, Contabo (Germany) might be for you. If you want reliable service, Leaseweb is based in the EU (Netherlands). There's also OVH (French) which provides decent service with their cheaper subsidiary Kimsufi (super cheap, older model dedicated servers). As for companies which I don't know much about quality wise, there's Strato (German I believe), CloudVPS (Netherlands), Hetzner (Germany) and Upcloud (Finland). I only know about North Western European hosting providers, but I assume there's loads more across the continent. TPMs have been in phones for years actually, both iPhones and Android phones. The iPhone chips have become a lot better the last year or two though. Some apps, like government or banking apps, actually have been using ARM TrustZone (and probably Apple's T2 chip) for secret storage already. If you use krypt.co, you can store ssh and GPG keys on your phone's TPM, as well as a secret key for use with a browser addon to facilitate WebAuthn. So, you can already use your phone as the "thing you have". I've never heard about "Web Design 3.0" before, but now I know a term to describe websites that care more about artistic expression than bringing across information. Seriously, most of the examples of "Web Design 3.0" look like a piece of modern art. That's great for showcasing your portfolio as a web designer, but if you try to be artsy with the menu of your restaurant I'm going to the competitor. Compare the "Web 2.0 vs Web 3.0 in MS Word" comparison. On the left: "Web 2.0" (looks like "Web 1.0" to me) with quickly skimmable paragraphs, concise information and a clear overview of where to look for what information. On the right, a flat-out clusterfuck of random boxes and pictures that doesn't tell you anything at all. By the way, we already had free positioning in the "old" web; stacked floats and absolute positioning are nothing new. It became easier with flexbox and css grids, but only for people writing actual HTML/CSS. Whenever I see a website made by a tool like this, I generally don't even bother reading what it has to say. The themes are always form-over-function with huge swathes of whitespace and PNGs that suck up my mobile data. If you're a designer and looking to make a website, please get someone competent to write proper code for you instead of wasting your design on an awful tool like this. I assume there's tons of Indian blogs that are just fine, but for some reason most of the time I see blog posts without any depth but full of buzz words being spammed around, they're written by someone from India (and less often Pakistan). Now it could be that this is just purely because because there's more Indian blogs, making the percentage of spam blogs higher, or because there's three or four people spamming their useless blogs everywhere, but I do hesitate to click blogs with the .in TLD these days. Probably just a few assets ruining for the whole group, but in my circle Indian blogs do tend to have a bad rep. I've never even thought about clipboard managers for Android. While I can see the lack of such tools might limit some users' productivity, I think the overal result of a change is still a positive one. I'd much rather see background clipboard access as a separate permission classified as "dangerous", but I doubt most people won't just click allow till the prompts stop happening. Maybe things would improve if aside from a permission, a notification would appear each time an app is accessing/has recently accessed the clipboard, with the option to mute notification sounds about specific apps. That way, background clipboard access is discouraged yet still available. Actually, there's still massive growth in countries like India, China, but also Ethiopia. As other countries start improving their economy, the economic boom of post WW2 America seems to finally wear off while at the same time the computer revolution is making short work of old-fashioned manual labor. That's great for humanity in general, as more people can have better lives, but it comes at the cost of luxuries to the already rich countries. I expect the economy in the west to decline in the next 20 or 30 years as more developing countries are getting their economies in line. With China investing massively in the African continent and with the enormous natural wealth Africa possesses, we can probably expect Africa to turn into a major economic power somewhere in the next 50-100 years. If Microsoft can make the Mac version perform as well as the Windows version, this is good news for Apple users. Apple's current attempt at antiviral software seems to be "prevent infection by making it tough to run malware" combined with a very simple signature based system. This approach works for people who k ow not to click strange links, but as long as people give their life savings away to scammers pretending to be the IRS or Microsoft, people will just open random software from the Internet as long as someone is telling them how to open the relevant executables. Linux is much the same way (are there even antivirus products for Linux other than ClamAV?) despite half the Internet running on mostly-unprotected Linux servers. However, due to the lack of signatures available on macOS viruses, I do wonder how effective MS Defender will be. There's various interpreters and shells available by default which make it easy to write an obfuscated virus script for OSX (python, Ruby, bash, and so on) which is not as relevant ik the Windows world. To the people who complain about "bloatware" being forced onto their machine: you're just as likely to get infected by a virus as the other techie people in your company running Windows or Linux. How can you blame your boss for wanting to prevent getting hacked? Apple's own AV is just not up to the task. Based on what I've read about the native "protection" macOS provides, there's no real alternative way to scan files on-access other than to place hooks. However, if you look at the performance on Windows, Windows Defender is one of the best scanners out there. While some sort of added bottleneck is inevitable (especially during workloads like compiling software or downloading thousands of small files (NPM/Composer/etc)), I wouldn't be surprised if regular users wouldn't notice such an extensive slowdown in their daily work. Perhaps to some extent the Windows and Mac version share a portion of their code, but at kernel level the Windows Defender system is simply incompatible with macOS. A redesign of the performance-limiting features is a necessity in this case, so I strongly doubt the "people who know Windows" were the ones that designed the kernel interface layer. Basically, expect small freezes during compilation, but not crashes. It's true AV software won't fix behaviour. However, plenty of software gets exploited. There was a news item a few years back when pirated versions of Xcode inserted malware into some iOS apps; several big software projects have had their servers hacked, serving malware through official download links. AV won't fix users wanting to launch pirated games or software from sketchy sources for example. However, it can fix malware placed on a system after an exploit. I have more faith into Microsoft and their Defender suite than any commercial AV vendor or Apple itself. Right now, people are using Sophos or McAfee or Bitdefender on corporate Apple devices; none of those have a good reputation with me. I'd strongly prefer Microsoft's AV solution over any existing macOS security suite. As for performance, any AV will cause some performance drops if you enable live scanning or during periodic scans. Having a macbook scan overnight does not cause an issue, having live scanning running during compilation will slaughter performance. The performance impact is up to how the AV is configured. I'm not sure what law that's included in, but it's not part of GDPR. Might be the copyright reform, but comments should still be fine with that. The GDPR doesn't say anything about requiring automated systems do do any of this. The volume of erasure requests is so low that I doubt it would even be worth it for Microsoft to invest in such a system. MSDN comments still exist and Microsoft operates several forums. Perhaps GDPR is a questionable excuse for some lazy sysadmin not wanting to migrate comments, but it doesn't fly here. Is there a good reason why running this requires you to install a certificate authority? I get that this might be because of software signing requirements on Windows, but in that case you should bundle a script that generates+signs the build using a local certificate instead of loading a random CA into the system trust source. You can generate your own CA using common open source software (openssl is often used) and use that to sign your packages (and sign any intranet websites you can't be bothered to set up letsencrypt for). This website has a nice intro into running your own CA: https://roll.urown.net/ca/index.html You can use the CA itself or an intermediary to sign your software. However, be aware that this will only work on computers with your personal CA installed in the trust store. I'm pretty sure network admin related versions of Windows also have tooling for operations like this but I have no experience with those. Be warned though, a self-signed CA can be dangerous if someone else gets their hands on your private key. I myself have set up intermediary CAs to deal with HTTPS certificates or code signing certs so I can store the CA private key somewhere safe. Interesting. If turning on developer options also allows you to run unsigned software, I don't see any advantages at all for installing this random certificate authority. Thank you for your explanation. For the general consumer maybe, but for media distributors the story might be a bit more worrying. Some forms of DRM keep the keys in special areas of the processor such as these and any key leaks might allow for recording or piracy of very stringently controlled content. If the leak is bad enough, the license holder might urge distribution platforms to have certain models of Intel CPU where these exploits are most successful against blocked from playing certain content. I doubt this will happen any time soon but there might just be indirect consequences of such inconsequential data leaks. What would removing Firefox accomplish? Why would students not just download one of the bazillion Chrome VPN addons? Or regular VPNs that they can just turn on and off? How is _removing Firefox_ a solution? What these schools need is to set up sensible group policies. Managing BYOD on a school with kids (as opposed to grown-up people whose jobs are on the line) is simply impossible. Very interesting concept, although not very usable for me as it stands right now. This collection of settings disables features like HTTP/2 and websockets for some reason. Furthermore, if you're the only person in your city using Firefox with very different behaviour, that just makes you easier to fingerprint. If you want to resist fingerprinting, wait for Firefox's fingerprint protection to advance and keep everything as close to default as possible instead. With some effort, yes: https://github.com/ghacksuserjs/ghacks-user.js/wiki/1.6-Fire... It doesn't work on iOS because Firefox on iOS isn't really Firefox but just a Safari webview with a bunch of extra features and a different logo. This isn't a local news website though, it's a branch of Fox News pretending to be a local news site ("affiliate television station"). As a tip to you/your company: unlike Chrome and most Chrome-based browsers, Firefox for Android has a separate root certificate store and your old devices will still be able to access Letsencrypt websites if you switch browsers. Netflix can't really be cached anyway because of DRM + rotating keys. You'd need to cache for every device (type/model) and get the big wigs from Hollywood to accept allowing data storage in caches everywhere. Also, I don't want my employer to know what movies I'm watching. I'd personally opt out (or not use Netflix) if this became an option. That's true about Netflix, large networks can apply for boxes with Netflix caches for free (or at least they used to be free, maybe there's a small cost today) if they want to reduce load on their peering/network. I don't see how Roman gladiatorial combat is so different from modern sports. The only major difference is the fact that nearly all gladiators were slaves, but otherwise I see no difference between gladiators and UFC fighting tournaments (or for that matter, American football). I just don't see the peak decadence point. I think the idea is that Europe would rip out all Huawei components after the scandal, requiring a revamp of both 4G and 5G networks. I doubt the US is that much ahead of Europe. It's true 5G networks are yet to really roll out, but with the higher population density the 4G coverage and residential internet is better in most of Europe, making the current 4G network suffice for now for many people. "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity" Some lazy engineer probably added the feature as a remote monitoring/debugging tool with no regard for security because it needed to work before the next big release. Disabling the feature before the next release would probably break all kinds of support and monitoring, potentially leading to instability or them being unable to service failing equipment. I've been using KDE Connect on my phone with GSConnect in Gnome and I can safely say that KDE connect is what made me boot Linux more than Windows. I've been dual booting for ages but the ability to copy text and send files across the network with a standardised interface made my life a load easier. How is Germany bad for free privacy or speech? Any location out of easy reach for China and the NSA is a plus for me. Depending on your bank you might be able to import transactions with the tool I use for my finances ( https://firefly-iii.org/ ): it can import using the Spectre/Salt Edge API or through CSV files. Why are they using a custom distro? Is it just different graphics or do they have changes significant enough that a customised Ubuntu installer wouldn't suffice? Does anyone have a screenshot of the rejected Android Auto app? Because my experience with apps from privatised government bodies isn't great and I can easily see how such an organisation can indeed create a buggy or unsafe app and cry wolf when they get caught out doing so. I remember downloading the Visual Studio 2008 documentation and installing it locally on my PC. The docs were well put together and integrated neatly with the IDE. This stopped when they switched to a new offline help viewer (probably for valid reasons but still) that just didn't work well enough to replace the old one for me. That being said, most Microsoft documentation is still top notch once you use Google (or god forbid, Bing) to find the right article. I can see improvements to readability and accessibility of the site every once in a while but I kinda just want to the old docs back. They contained a beginners guide that didn't require clicking around a bunch of links to avoid the video tutorials, for example Even if Huawei would let you unlock the bootloader properly, using LineageOS on an unauthorized device (such as upcoming Huawei devices) would be a pain. Google recently started requiring you to register a device with your account for every unauthorized device running Play Services (that is, a device that didn't get certified; certified devices running custom ROMs don't have this limitation) and apps might not show up. Netflix is not available for rooted devices, for example, and probably won't be on uncertified devices either. I don't think it's the people who are worried about Huawei though; this whole thing reeks of US government power play, trying to protect US businesses over the backs of consumers. Let's be honest, if Huawei (sponsored by the Chinese government) creates their own open/shared OS together with other Chinese manufacturers, Chinese people will switch eventually. If WeChat is ported to the new OS, other apps will soon follow. The result: a Chinese OS that's completely independent of American manufacturers. It's also possible that this will cause Huawei and the Chinese government to pour funding into Chinese chip designs. Eventually, China will become less dependent on the US and the US will lose another point of influence. Is this bad for Huawei in the short term? Of course. But is this hurting the Chinese economy in the long term? I don't think so. Why did it take ten months to apply a (what I presume is reasonably simple) change to the firmware reset functionality? All they needed to do was wipe the config backup files when a user factory resets their device and unset a bunch of variables. A company with as much resources as Apple should not be given this much time before publication. A Project Zero-like 90 days grace period should be fine, especially as you need either physical or SSH access to such a device. I know Apple tries to make people who report bugs stick to their procedures and agenda but taking over 300 days to roll out a patch for a product that was not seeing any active development regardless? That's quite a lot of patience to keep.