Being able to choose a place to live strikes me as so American; reading the article I realized I've never considered the possibility of living anywhere else than where I was born (Paris). In fact my mother was born less than half a mile from where I was raised, and today I live less than two miles away from there, 35 years later. I feel a little bit like a tree: if I move I'll probably die; besides, what's the point of traveling if you don't come back to your friends to tell them about what you've seen? The "virtual city", however, changed everything; I check Reddit everyday (or more accurately, every minute! damn addiction), watch The Daily Show, read Slate; the problem is I have a hard time finding people to talk about it. "In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents?" -- Mark Twain It's funny how little has changed in more than a century...? I don't know, I never tried. I don't understand why mobile devices have so little "RAM" when they have fixed storage in the tens of Gos that is effectively made of memory chips...? What is the difference between the two kinds of memory, and why isn't more RAM added? Is it a cost problem? a size problem? both? Or is the CPU not capable of addressing more RAM...? I get htmlspecialchars() [function.htmlspecialchars]: Invalid multibyte sequence in argument when trying to access the homepage? http://i.imgur.com/K390I.jpg Although visited links are quite visible on HN, I sometimes end up clicking on articles I've already read; marking them as "hidden" avoids this (as hidden articles are non-clicable). Articles can be "unhidden" ("show" link); hidden articles are remembered between sessions, for 7 days (since articles move rather rapidly on the front page there is little point in remembering the status longer -- should maybe be user-configurable though). The "option[s]" page has just one option for now -- open links in new window. I wrote it for me and I use Chrome; also, it uses localStorage to remember preferences, which is not available everywhere (I couldn't get it to work with recent versions of FF for example). But if there is demand I can try to repackage it as a greasemonkey script (Chrome extensions are essentially greasemonkey scripts anyway). Once it's installed, if you reload the page you should see a "hide" link below each article, after the "comments" or "discuss" link. If you don't see it, it should be either that you're browsing HN on a different domain than "news.ycombinator.com" (?) or that you're using a version of Chrome http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html but some things are not totally obvious so I might compile what I've learned in a blog post, yes! Wow. You're quite the debugger! ;-) It was indeed the problem (you had to have options before you even used it!) Fixed it in 0.1.2. Fixed in 0.1.2. Sorry about that. Update: version 0.2.0 adds 2 options: "autoHide" (hide articles when clicked) and "collapse" (remove articles from the list instead of blanking them) Version 0.3.0 adds collapsible comments. Nobody's addicted to air. You need air: just enough to get along. But you don't try to inhale as much as you can; you don't get sick getting too much of it -- although there is enough air around to inflate yourself like a balloon if you were actually addicted to it. Addiction is when you take too much of something; under 5 cigarettes a day don't give you cancer; 1 glass of wine a day actually makes you healthier. But if you get addicted to tobacco or alcohol (or bad food) these things end up killing you. Incidentally can modern addictions pg's talking about, really kill you? Can you die from Internet addiction? Porn/TV/Farmville addiction? If they can't kill you can they be called "addictive"...? I don't think this example, however sad, is valid: - addiction should harm the addicted, not somebody else - from the article: "The girl, who was born prematurely and weighed 5 pounds (2.25 kilograms), was often fed rotten formula and was beaten when she cried out of hunger, the affidavit said." so what killed this child is not "Internet addiction" but being born to abusive parents... "Identifiers should not carry meaning": for some reason people just hate this rule and try everything to circumvent it. It drives me crazy too. I built an extension for Chrome that lets you hide articles + collapse comments (HN HideIt); it's here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/dibillbafbngeilo... Best passage of the letter from Wikimedia to the FBI: «In your letter, you assert that an image of an FBI seal included in a Wikipedia article is “problematic” because “it facilitates both deliberate and unwitting violations” of 18 U.S.C. 701. I hope you will agree that the adjective “problematic,” even if it were truly applicable here, is not semantically identical to “unlawful.”» Exactly. Just because the FBI doesn't like it doesn't make it illegal. Yahoo Search API (whatever its real name is... BOSS or something?) is also fantastic and much superior to Google's (which isn't even really a search api). Uneven does not necessarily mean "some good, some bad"; it could mean "some bad, some terrible" or "some good, some fantastic" or any combination thereof. In fact, taken literally, it is devoid of meaning, because any group of human beings can be described as "uneven" for any descriptor one can think of. But it is not used literally in the article; it is used as a euphemism for "bad", as opposed to the quality of Google engineers (which one guesses is "even"...?) Now you're playing with words; assume what you mean. > One argument was that the adventurous sailor would be subsumed by the cobbler or tavernkeeper in the mating game. True, but he wouldn't be subsumed by the beggar, now would he? Well, if the beggar is Diogenes... The main counter argument is that most world conquerors are not especially fertile; Napoleon had maybe six kids (max.); Alexander had two and was maybe gay; Hitler had zero. How would the "conqueror" trait have so much influence on humanity if conquerors did not father many children (and there were not enough successful conquerors to start with). I try to develop a more substantiated analysis of this article here: http://blog.medusis.eu/of-parrots-and-men As a (happy) father of three I feel the right to share a dirty little secret: taking care of young kids is boring as hell. But somebody has to do it; in mammals it's only natural that it's the female, since she has to be around anyway in order to breast feed (which is not the case with birds for example: both parents can find and bring back food to the young). So maybe the adventurous sailors explore the world simply because they can ; not "in order to come back rich, and mate" but because, having mated, they can leave their family behind and go do something else. > So if you’re traveling to Los Angeles this summer, you can check out tweets from Angelenos... > Often a single tweet sparks a larger conversation of re-tweets... > Now you can create an alert specifically for “updates” to get an email the moment your topic appears on Twitter... Ok, so basically Google is setting itself to be an interface to Twitter? Like I said, I'm a very happy father (my kids are 5, 2 and 1). I love them (they helped me understand what "love" actually means). They are the joy of my life. But spending too much time with them is not as fulfilling as actually doing something -- or even reading a good book. There is no fulfillment in wiping a child's ass, or even feeding them. You do it because you have to, and I actually don't mind doing it. But as useful as it is for them, it's pointless for me. That is not a problem as long as I have other things to do / to care about; it would be if they were the beginning and end of my day. From the article: " perhaps nature [designed men] to strive, mostly unsuccessfully, for greatness ". Leaving aside the fact that nature does not design anything, if evolution is to select a trait that is "mostly unsuccessful", then this trait is to be incredibly successful when it actually succeeds. And in fact, Genghis Khan is the exception; other well-known world conquerors are not exceptionally prolific, casting doubt on the possibility that "unknown world conquerors" (if such people ever existed?) would have been prolific enough and numerous enough to have an impact on the human species. I'm well aware of Evolutionary Psychology, its premises and its shortcomings; it isn't "soft science" but rather "non-science" since it can't be refuted. Most of its claims may be right, or wrong, but that doesn't matter because we have no way to tell . Yes! Excel formulas === FP! And as you say, there are orders of magnitude more Excel users than imperative programmers, so FP can't be as hard as is usually claimed, and certainly not as "unnatural". (Before Excel 5 and VBA that Joel Spolsky claims he invented, macro language in Excel was also FP; it was a crazy but fascinating language in which I developed a whole billing application (in 1992...) I miss this language.) > I don't know why foreigners still come to America We don't, mostly. I used to come to NY every two years, used to love the city. Now I go elsewhere. Haven't been there in six years and I don't think I'll be back. This is a big world, there are other places to see; America is abusive at home just as it is elsewhere. Flying in Europe is still acceptable; in Germany the local TSA let you carry almost anything on board (and joke about it). ? Why is that? I was also in the middle of Morocco the first time I tried. Then it worked. I think what happens is, the first time you go to geosay you have to allow the browser to give away your location; if you click on "search here" (bottom left) before having given this authorization, you land in Africa. A simple fix could be to not show the "search here" link before the application has a real location...? Is this an old Irish joke? I thought I knew for a fact that it was French! - "Pouvez-vous me dire comment aller à Paris"? - "Ben si j'étais vous je ne partirais pas d'ici!" Very French in its non-helpful but matter-of-fact way... but maybe the Irish are the same! I often use Google to search for very specific phrases -- error messages, for example, in quotes -- and that doesn't help. It actually hurts. What hurts even more is that Google returns documents that don't contain all the search terms, but where the missing search terms can be found in incoming links (or so it says). If you try to use the allintext: parameter you're almost always considered a bot (why??!?) and your queries get delayed or you're shown an indecipherable captcha (they're getting harder, or maybe I actually am a bot, because nowadays I fail to solve every other one). It seems Google is aiming at some lower common denominator of the general public, someone who can't spell, can't type, can't be bothered to learn a basic search syntax and just wants to know where to buy the latest gadget. There is a space to be filled for a "Google for grownups". Cooking and "total utilization" are two different goals. It may be laudable (and very politically correct) to teach kids to "totally utilize" every last bit of food from yesterday's lunch, but it's not fine cooking. I love leftovers. I love rillettes, and saucisson. I made saucisson once, when I was maybe ten. I watched the pig being killed, and hanged by the feet for the blood to go, and then I helped cut it, and put the meat in the machine and the intestine at the other end. I liked that. No problem. (The problem is you have to wait six months to eat what you just helped make). But there is a reason why good restaurants serve food from the "noble" parts of animals, and chicken nuggets are found at McDonalds: noble parts taste better. They require less processing -- or no processing: "just the product". The goal of Jamie Olivier is not to convince kids not to eat nuggets; it's to show how things are made. Maybe I should mention that I'm French and live just outside Paris. I buy my food at the "farmers'" market -- which is just the market: there is no other kind. (There are supermarkets though, of course; but even inside supermarkets you find real butcher's shops where you can buy whole animals. Well, not whole cows -- but you can find whole rabbits or chickens (or any kind of fish/seafood) in any supermarket here). I would oppose "trash" to "noble" and not "offal"; a liver or a heart is "offal", but a chicken carcass (the subject of Oliver's piece) is not, because it can't be cooked and eaten as such. Also, I think you fundamentally agree with Jamie Olivier: you're denouncing junk food just as he is. Your point is that meat is over-processed during its (short) life; his point is that we're fed carcass reprocessed to look like whole food. Aren't you both making the same point? It won't make me click on more ads because I run adblock (on FF) and adthwart (on Chrome), and also because I already disabled it. (Why do most posts these days feel the need to address the reader directly? "What you need to do", "What you don't know", "What you'll need"... I know what I know and don't know. Tell me what YOU know.) YASHP! Yet another self-help post. YES! At the very least, please give us an "allintext:" that actually works: absolutely no stemming whatsoever no "words were found in links pointing to this page" (this is the most infuriating thing ever) and... no "you're a bot" crazyness (or captchas that normal people can solve...) Yes. From the introduction to The Big Short (page XV): "I hoped that some bright kid at Ohio State University who really wanted to be an oceanographer would read my book [Liar's Poker], spurn the offer from Golman Sachs, and set out to sea. Some how that message was mainly lost. Six months after Liar's Poker was published, I was kee-deep in letters from students at Ohio State University who wanted to know if I had any other secrets to share about Wall Street. They'd read my book as a how-to manual." This looks like a new bubble. Why would a Twitter IPO raise so much money? What are its growth prospects? Facebook may be different, but still, it all sounds very crazy. There was a story not long ago on HN (can't seem to find it though) about a blogger who had a special Twitter pipeline to send tweets whenever he blogged, or something. The thing failed silently and stayed broken for two months, and NOBODY NOTICED: neither he nor any of his "followers" (he had more than a thousand). So, having found out about the situation, he decided to stop using Twitter altogether. On LinkedIn I now have to see all the tweets of my "contacts" whenever I log in; this is so annoying that it may push me to quit LinkedIn for this reason alone. People on Twitter are just copying and pasting news found elsewhere; there is an infinitely small proportion of original content: for one "Shit My Dad Says", there are millions of users who only mulch old content from the likes of Digg (RIP) or Reddit or HN. Twitter users are not paying attention to one another; they shout in the desert and nobody cares. This cannot go on forever. > My dive buddy took a minute to realize what I meant and then another minute to fumble for his spare regulator (emphasis mine) Yikes! Why didn't he let him share his main regulator while he was looking for the spare?? What if he couldn't find the spare?... (they often become entangled in the tubes in the back and are hard to get) This is really bizarre. In a talk last year at (I think) the business of software conference, PG said, among other things, that business schools are useless because successful business people don't waste their time teaching business in business schools, and instead either run their business or enjoy the fruits of their success (another song to the tune of "those who can't, teach"). His depiction of university professors accurately describes most bloggers. In reality, there are good teachers and there are bad teachers (and more bad than good). Those who are good at teaching, teach implies that somehow teachers are selected by their ability to teach, which is not true. Teachers happen to be teachers for a variety of reasons; but their talent has little to do with the fact that they continue to be teachers. The case of bloggers is arguably a little different; certainly lack of talent or experience does not prevent people from blogging, but traffic provides at least some objective (if imperfect) measure of success. But I would expect people who describe the road to world dominance to first document what they really know about it: if they haven't traveled it themselves, have they at least interviewed many successful people? What books have they read before writing anything? What do they know ? The argument between spolsky and dhh is funny but ultimately they seem to not be talking about the same thing. They are both right, but one is more right than the other. Joel is talking about market value. What Joel is saying is "dude, you don't understand value. Value is what people are willing to pay for. If someone - just one person - is willing to pay $100 for a millionth of a broken piece of crap, then that broken piece of crap is worth a hundred million dollars, your opinion of it notwithstanding ". He's right. Technically. But David does not care about market value (although he tries to attack it and picturing it as not real). David is talking about intrinsic value ; he's saying: "this thing has 500 million users, and that's amazing. But they don't make much money out of all those users, let alone any profit. So if we try to estimate the present value by actualizing future cash flows, we find the real price should be... well, not much". He's also right. And I think he's fundamentally right. During the housing bubble, some people (Peter Schiff for example, or the heroes of The Big Short ) argued that the real value of housing was a multiple of rent (10-15 times rent), and that anything above that was crazy. At the time, they were wrong -- they were very wrong; the value of a house was the market price, not the "intrinsic" price. The value of anything is always the market price. But then suddenly there is no market. The bubble bursts and nobody's buying. In that situation, if you're selling you don't have many options; but if you're buying how do you calculate a price at which you'd be willing to buy, and a price at which you may convince a seller to sell? - - - In a sellers' market (Joel's market) prices are fair because people accept them. If everyone wants a piece of Facebook at any price, just because they have to have it, then, well, the value of Facebook is infinite. It's not 33 billion dollars: it's the whole amount of dollars in the universe, plus one. But this situation never lasts. There has to be a time when Facebook will be out of fashion, and someone will have to ask what is the intrinsic value of this thing. The intrinsic value is hard to compute because you need to actually know how the company makes money, you need to understand its operations, its cost structure, strategy, etc. That's hard work for a public company; it's almost impossible, from the outside, for a private company. But one thing is certain: the intrinsic value of Facebook is not infinite. And then and there, David has a point. Death actually is great. It's not being meta-contrarian to see that. There was a great speech by Steve Jobs making just this point (and I don't think he was trying to signal his intelligence by saying so?) My death is bad for me (somewhat -- I'm not sure I'd enjoy living forever) but great for the world. I understand that the point of the article absolutely is not to argue about the goodness or badness of death, but isn't it regrettable that the main example they use is so flawed? My point was not to argue about the goodness of death either -- I would have thought it was non-controversial. It's a very good thing Einstein did die, since his most important work was done in the first third of his life, and at the end he was simply denying that quantum mechanics were real. Besides, if death did not exist and "people had less children" (meaning probably zero), Einstein would never have been born! Please (re-)read what Steve Jobs had to say about death: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. From: http://news.stanford.edu/news/2005/june15/jobs-061505.html Is commenting about making friends? Isn't finding the truth more important? Strong analogies are a way (not the only way, but a way) to do that. Oooooh. This is the best news of the week, maybe of the month. We've been waiting for sooo long for this. I never thought it would actually happen. So sometimes Google does listen. So maybe we can hope that not hiding http://www in Chrome will become an option someday...? I use a thick client mainly; I use GMail as an archive or when I'm away; GMail downloads my mail via POP (my primary address is not GMail). So, usually, I read mail outside GMail -- but GMail does not know what mail is already read. In a big thread, it opens all "unread" emails: the tens I read already and the last one I'm interested in. This is crazy and infuriating. Also, why are most recent emails in a thread at the bottom?? (maybe it can be configured somewhere?) And finally, like most "intelligent" features, it's much too smart (or not enough): it adds new mails to old threads. Many non-techies (and some techies as well) take an old email that has the list of recipients they're looking for, to start an entirely new discussion. Aggregating those new emails to an old thread that has nothing to do whatsoever with the subject at hand is idiotic. I just want mail sorted ante-chronologically; and then I just deal with the sorting myself. I upvoted you because that is me. I want a stack. > If you start a new conversation from an old thread, just change the subject... I'm not the one starting the conversation so I'm not at liberty to do anything. There is a thread. Then, days later, some member of this thread decides to start a new conversation by replying to this thread. It's the same "mailing list" but it should be a different thread. (But GMail has no way to know; this isn't a failure of GMail. The failure was, until today, to not allow to do without the threaded view). At least GMail should have had the option of breaking a thread; for each message in a thread, display a button that says "start a new thread here". > Most recent at the bottom: because people read from the top down, I'm sure. For one, most people is not all people: why not let us set the sort order? And secondly, I too read "from the top down", but I want to start with most recent emails; and then when I have read them all (if I read them all) I'll know the whole of the conversation -- but I can stop at anytime and still have the most recent status. If you start reading the most ancient emails, then if you stop before arriving to the most recent ones (because of a distraction, a phone call, etc.) then you have an "open" conversation in your head that is waiting to be completed. That will create a memory leak ;-) Ok, maybe. http: and // are two different things anyway; http is the protocol and // is the start of the path. (They (the Chrome team) seem to put them in the same "useless" basket.) Same for me. But the upsetting part is the attitude of the Chrome Team, who says "if you don't like it just use another browser". Well, there are lots of things I like about Chrome; this seems too small a detail to stop using it. An option buried somewhere would make me completely happy. "Too many user choices are bad", certainly; but advanced options are a different thing from decisions every user would have to make. For now the only possibility is to download the source, set a boolean somewhere in the code, and compile your own version. How crazy is that? The article is strangely written but full of very insightful observations. I like this one best: "Customers buy outcomes, they don't buy attributes" . Endless lists of features are pointless; features that work and are integrated into a predictable, enjoyable user experience are what customers want. But of course the hard part is to build a credible promise; Apple's has been 30 years in the making. Microsoft has one for the enterprise market. I'm not sure Google still knows what it is doing. Well if the management team won't work for Yahoo, then it's doubtful the Yahoo offer would stand; therefore there is no Yahoo offer and they should have taken the Google offer. It's not clear why they even considered the Yahoo offer if it was in fact impossible for Yahoo to go ahead. But as part of their diligence to consider the Yahoo offer, could they not have come to a conclusion such as this one: "given the fact that the management won't go, and that Yahoo won't buy Yelp without a management team, it follows that the Yahoo offer is void and nonexistent. So, let's pursue the Google offer"...? If for example I offered 3 trillion dollars for Yelp, would the board consider my offer (as opposed to laughing it off)? I guess my question is, What is the "reality threshold" of an offer? Great post, thanks. Typos: For one HN has it's own 'flavor' => its HN gets it's (more than) fair share of spam => its Weird HTML: It seems line-breaks are hard-coded with BRs inside of P elements? In this phrase the BRs are missing and therefore it crosses over to the invisible right side: The thresholds at which this happens changes over time, the downvote threshold is at 200 right now and the flag cap is at 100. There Ex-(French trader). This ruling is crazy (pay back everything (how??) and go to prison for three years). I very much doubt it can stand on appeal. Isn't this just wishful thinking? Everybody hates labels, and so wishes them dead (and for the record, so do I). But just because everyone wants them to die doesn't mean they will die. Labels sit on content, and their monopoly is protected by the full force of the law. The number of startups in the field or the evilness of label people does seem a little bit irrelevant. There is only one way labels can die: if they cease to have a monopoly on music content -- which means, either the world gets rid of copyright, or (young, new and aspiring) artists stop signing with labels. None of this is happening anytime soon. (It may happen, but in a rather distant future.) I have never visited, no. I know people from school who work at labels, but I can't say I meet with them often. Why the question? EDIT: oh, I understand the question, you work at a label. Well, I live in France, where "Hadopi" just went live. It's a government agency that monitors Internet traffic for copyright infringement and that can then cut off the Internet access of alleged offenders -- not because they themselves are convicted of copyright infringement, but because their Internet connection was used in this manner and they failed to prevent it. This law was inspired by and received the heavy support of professional organisations such as SACEM, etc. When an industry is instrumental in creating such legal monsters, I think it deserves the hate and contempt of the public, and more. Now, none of this has much to do with the subject of the article which was about the "digital future" of the industry. I just wanted to elaborate a little on the "hate" part of my initial post. You're right, but it was largely implied. My point is that the industry is right not to care much about its digital future, and to care more about what matters, ie, their monopoly on content. For as long as this monopoly stands, they will be strong and prosperous. That doesn't make them likable, but that does not make them stupid, either, as the article implies ( "They killed competition. Brillant." ). Besides, here's what PG writes in one of his essays: If you can figure out a way to turn a billion dollar industry into a fifty million dollar industry, so much the better, if all fifty million go to you. ( http://www.paulgraham.com/web20.html ) So maybe the "dream" of a "digital future" is just self-preservation, and maybe, yes, it IS brillant... I guessed between 500 and 700 because there are 4x10 blocks (40) with a range between 0 and 40 tickets per block (time slot). But in fact the top two rows are almost empty, and the bottom two have many tickets left. That makes: Max = 40 slots x 40 tickets div 2 rows = 1600 div 2 = 800 Min = 40 slots x 10 (average number of tickets) = 400 Probable range: somewhere inside 400-800 so lets say 500-700! (that is not a "strong" reasoning, that is just what I thought). Fantastic. From the examples in the paper it would seem possible to use this system not only to "translate" poetry but also to "produce" poetry, ie to transform a non-poetic text into poetry. The first example is wonderful (table 2 in the pdf): Reference: A police spokesman said three people had been arrested and the material was being examined. Baseline: A policeman said that three people were arrested and that the material is currently being analyzed. Poetic: Couplet in amphibrachic tetrameter An officer stated that three were arrested and that the equipment is currently tested. Couldn't agree more. If the .com is not available DON'T DO IT! I heard about http://wordoid.com/ here on HN -- it's a wonderful little webapp that lets you generate domain names that "sound natural" in a select list of languages and that (optionally) contain specific words. In the "more options" you can filter out domains where both .com and .net are unavailable (it would be better to just filter unavailable .coms but it still saves a lot of time). What makes .com the best domain is CTRL+Enter: .com is the default TLD; it's like having no TLD at all. All other TLDs, including .net, .org, .yourOwnCountry, .someExoticCountry are bad because they have to be mentioned. I don't find any of this controversial, it sounds like common sense -- except the thinking that "they" are animals and "they" are bad people. Just watch toddlers; the ones who can walk hit the ones who don't walk yet; and then they are happy about it. We're all animals; we're bad when we can get away with it. Not being bad requires a life of practice and self-restrain. > Normally the writer's craft is so obvious that it buries the art. When the art buries the craft, you have something special. This kind of formulation is upsetting because art and craft are the same thing (in many languages they're the same word, too). If you can't see the "art" "behind" the craft, then the craft is poor. The whole purpose of craft is to hide itself. Now, the craft is usually so poor that we made a whole other concept for "good craft", and that is "art". It wouldn't be a problem if "art" was just a shorthand for "good craft", but then it took a life of its own, and became associated with miracles, "gift of God". - - - That said, to me, "the best movie I've ever seen" is A Few Good Men , by the same Sorkin. I can't wait to see this one! You can't express yourself if your skills are poor. You're right that someone who has nothing to say will create artifacts of low value; but I would argue that expression is a function of one's mastery of the craft. There is a recurring theme in PG's essays about how computer languages affect how you think and therefore, what you can say using them. This is also a common theme in the "suits vs. geeks" debate; if you can't code, how can you imagine what code can do? In general the (philosophical) jury's still out on whether language predates thinking or the other way around; but it's a fact that all great "artists" produce their best work after many many years of practicing and perfecting their craft. This is the ultimate Glenn Beck machine. Look, everything is ultimately connected to Hitler! You should try to approach Jon Stewart with it, it would make for excellent satire. But... why bother being a millionaire if you can just pretend? The author of this article seems to assume that it's better to actually be a millionaire, even if it means living like the poor. I would think it's better to drive a luxury car (whatever that is) and drink expensive wine, even if you can't afford it, than the other way around. It's "bad" to pretend, only if it doesn't end well: if you have to repay what you borrowed, and can't -- but if you die before you're bankrupt you win! Now, none of this means much; it doesn't matter to live like a millionaire, or to be or not to be a millionaire, etc. What matters is peace of mind, happiness, fulfillment. A subject for another article maybe? Although probably not in the "Color of Money" column. I had never heard of Riak before (shame on me!) and it looks like the exact thing I would need for a project: does anyone care share success|horror stories? What about price? There is a free version but the prices of the commercial version (with support) are not disclosed. This makes it look like it's targeted at big companies...? How does it compare to S3? This I had seen, but it looks like big firms. The only thing that prevents me from using a Kindle is DRM: I want to be able to backup and really "own" the books I buy, and read them in whichever device I choose (or Notepad). Does Amazon realize how terrifying the '1984 incident' was? On the other hand, Amazon doesn't need to lift DRM: a crack would suffice. Any news on this front? That the universe, apparently, is nonlocal. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bells_Theorem (This article is quite complex; there was a superb article in Scientific American that described Bell's experiments and conclusions simply and clearly; it's here: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=was-einstei... but unfortunately it's behind a paywall). Here's another idea, for what it's worth: a home router that would also filter out ads and act as an antivirus. I would pay good money for this. At my home there are not less than 6 computers, each with two-to-three browsers that need an ad blocker, and all running some kind of anti-virus software (except the two macs). I understand incumbent anti-virus companies would rather sell me the same product four times, but there could be a disruptive startup selling the router... And ad-blocking software is currently free, but I think people would actually pay for an ad-blocking (physical) device. I would. A pilot does not need concealed weapons to crash a plane...?!? He pilots the damn machine. You strip search him, find nothing, let him go, and then he takes command of the plane and can crash it anywhere, any time. How obvious is this?? The link you posted below, to the "FedEx Express Flight 705" incident is completely irrelevant since Mr. Calloway was not in charge of steering that plane. Had he been, he would not have tried to kill the crew. Calloway was not flying the plane! From the Wikipedia article you linked to (twice) but apparently did not care to read: "The scheduled three-man flight crew consisted of 49-year-old Captain David Sanders, 42-year-old First Officer James Tucker, and 39-year-old Flight Engineer Andrew Peterson." "About twenty minutes after takeoff, as the flight crew carried on a casual conversation, Calloway entered the flight deck and commenced his attack." This incident is therefore entirely irrelevant to the conversation. - - - It's interesting, though, to find (articulate) American people who actually approve of the TSA methods, because I thought it was the TSA vs. the rest of the public (cf. "Ask the Pilot" Salon column for instance). It's interesting, but disheartening, because it means the TSA and its gropers and thugs are really here to stay. He was in uniform, maybe, but he was not in charge of flying anything that day. So he was a passenger that day (in a pilot uniform). Interesting. I don't remember if it's a real quote or if it's from a movie, but an elected official said once (again, a real official or an actor, I'm not sure): "let's have two planes; to get aboard plane A, nobody's searched or even asked a single question; to get aboard plane B you're submitted to the current TSA procedure and more; let's see how many people are willing to fly on plane A". The answer seems obvious: nobody will ever take plane A (or, only terrorists). But I'm not so sure. People do very dangerous things all the time. I drive a motor bike in Paris (also when it rains or snows): it's is much more frightening than flying in a commercial airliner, and statistically much more dangerous. But I can't stand the metro, however safe it is. The point is, there are many motor bikes and bicycles in Paris, so many people make the same trade-off between security and convenience, and prefer convenience. So, why not try it? You want to be searched and safe, take plane B; make sure to get to the airport 4 hours in advance, though, and to wear clean underpants. You don't care: take plane A. No problem. The meat of my comment is in the first sentence: "Calloway was not flying the plane". As per your second point, maybe we could actually go like this: every new invasive TSA procedure would be A/B tested on similar flights (same departure and destination, comparable times, same price). Do people want to be strip searched? Well, let's find out. You can take flight A where nobody is strip searched, or flight B where everyone is (all other existing security measures unchanged). If nobody (but me) is willing to take flight A, we have the answer we're looking for. My point was that everyone assumes that nobody will take flight A, but in fact we don't really know. You're right! I didn't know this word and assumed, wrongly, that it meant something like "deadbeat". I should have checked first; got caught up in the heat of the discussion. However, that makes the reference to this incident even more incomprehensible. Who said anything about off-duty pilots? Being a qualified pilot (or dressed as one) is not the point; the point, as has been stated many times now in this discussion, is that: 1. whoever is flying the plane today does not need to go through security, because they'll end up in the cockpit anyway 2. whatever piece of ID is enough to get someone at the commands of a commercial airliner today should also be enough to get past ordinary security procedures designed for passengers [Caveat: I really don't know anything about raising money, so this question may be stupid. If so, please be kind!] PG says that 1. "super angels" (acting like angels, but with outside money) are out to eat VCs' lunch by filling the gap between ordinary angels and VCs, putting more money than angels into startups but without requiring a board seat like VCs usually demand 2. VCs react to this threat by blowing up "valuation": they invest just like super angels, but at higher valuations, because they don't really care about valuation; they aim for the Big Exit (IPO) 3. super angels have a problem with high valuations because (presumably) they want to exit early; in an early exit the multiple is very dependent on the initial valuation. Super angels are so reluctant to accept high valuations that they brag not to fund the most high valued startups (which sounds crazy: the most high valued startups are probably the best ones) So, here's my question: does valuation have to be uniform? If I sell 2% of my company to Mr. A for x amount of dollars, do I have to sell 4% to Mr. B for $2x? Or can I sell 4% to Mr. B for the same $x, because he values the company less? It would seem, value is in the eyes of each buyer, who can pay what they want; I don't understand how VCs can single-handedly manipulate the total valuation of a startup? Why not segment the price for each kind of investor? Yes, but isn't the core use case the same with any third party identification service, such as Facebook Connect or MS Passport or whatever? On the target page it says $1499...? You don't buy them because they're cheap, you buy them because they're good and they work . The potato peeler IS a great product, and who doesn't need one?!? For the record, I had (and anyway, I had never visited this page, so it was not a local cache problem). I sometimes eat potatoes with the skin on, too, but carrots? And at some point in the video he mentions pineapples... surely you don't eat the skin of pineapples? > Keyboards are an impediment to your work. Programming is thinking and creating... This at first sounds true but really isn't; programming is not pure thought: it's thinking and implementing and seeing how the implementation goes and trying a different way, having new ideas, etc. You can't "think" in a pure vacuum; you need to bounce ideas off something real. I do some woodworking and let me assure you the "ideas" that I have before starting a project get changed a lot when confronted to the reality of wood and tools. After a while you discover that, to some extent, you end up making your own tools, that fit you and the projects you like to do. Programming-wise, that's also why I dislike IDEs: they add an additional layer between you and the object you're working on; it's like woodworking with gloves (impossible). And they don't contribute much; they advertise "speed", but the slow part is thinking, not typing! - - - (I'm typing this on a daskeyboard with blank keys, I've used it for two years, it's fantastic.) Ok, I'll bite. It's a little app that lets you find Imdb scores and release years for movies: you type a list of titles in a textbox and it responds with info that you can then export as .csv It's in the form of a Chrome extension for now (because I want it to be a Chrome app as soon as possible) that you have to use on a specific page. The extension is here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/bjkkhgcacicbgbkn... The page you use it from is here: http://moviemagic.adgent.com/ I built it for a friend that has a big collection of movies on disks, that he has yet to watch, and who wanted to know which movies were worth his time. It still needs a lot of work, but I lack motivation to improve it since I don't watch many movies myself and the friend I built it for found it met his needs as is. But if anyone is interested I could go back to it. Not directly related (but not totally unrelated), try to search for "PDF/A" in the "ominous bar" => error. What you're looking for: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDF/A What you get: This webpage is not available. The webpage at http://pdf/a might be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web address. The reason for this, is probably that anything with a slash in it has to be interpreted as a url, since there is no protocol left to make the difference between a web address and a search... Maybe my post wasn't completely clear: I want to search for PDF/A, and actually the expected result is the Google result page for this search, ie: http://www.google.fr/search?q=pdf/a What I get instead is an error because Chrome tries to access the non-existent web page http://PDF/a ReadyForZero connects with people and empowers them with the right information ... "Empowers them"?? When Obama said to Jon Stewart that Larry Summers had done "a heck of a job" fixing the economy, Jon laughed and responded: "dude, you don't want to use that phrase". (Obama then said "pun intended", but still). Same here. If you're going after credit card companies and big corporations, please don't try to "empower" anyone, because by now people have learned what it's like to be "empowered" (hint: it hurts). Also: - most of their data seems to be from 2006 -- that was a long time ago - many problems listed, not many solutions - it seems highly improbable that people are drowning in debt because they don't know better; people have debts because they can, because they enjoy it -- they enjoy the goods the debts help buy, and the debt, they forget about it. Empowerment is a word used by big companies (and found many times in Microsoft marketese) to tell people they are going to be more powerful if they use their tools, when in fact they are going to get screwed, and pay every penny for it. When you think about it, power is not given, and esp. not given from the powerful to the powerless. Power is something you take. The fact is that the "empowerer" is looking down on the "empoweree"; if we're talking about parents and children, then maybe that's fine; but if we're talking about companies and customers, or bosses and employees, then beware (better still: run). That's the issue that I have with this article: it sounds like ordinary marketing PR, and plays on two very different levels. "OMG! Debt is a big problem! And look! we've found a (secret and unique) way to solve it!" Debt is a little bit like smoking: on a national scale, it's a huge problem, very difficult to solve; but on a personal scale it's not really a "problem". You want to quit smoking? QUIT SMOKING. Those guys seem to be talking about debt at a high level (where solutions would be needed, but are hard to find) to sell their individual-level solutions (which are easy to find, and therefore not really needed, since if people really wanted to be out of debt, they wouldn't get into it in the first place). This is apparently it: http://videos.apnicommunity.com/Video,Item,1068300085.html Many answers to this new policy proposals mention some version of the argument that if you don't participate, you shoudn't be able to solicit the help of others . While this is true to some extent, it undervalues the fact that RMS posts create value for everyone, since the comments are then available for everyone (not just the poster). I sometimes would like to be able to bill hourly, but find it impossible: 1) When I'm thinking about the project in the shower (where all the real thinking is being done) shouldn't the meter run? Apparently from the original post, the only billable time is the typing time, which is a little bit funny. 2) How do you know if you're fast or slow? Are you even consistent? Sometimes a stupid feature takes me half a day; sometimes something really complicated snaps together in an instant. 3) Even more so, the client has no clue of what time it takes to do something (and how could he, given that I haven't got many clues either, beforehand). If I tell him that it took me 3 hours to do X and 5 minutes to do Y he will be shocked! He will think I'm crazy, or bullshitting him, or that I'm trying to convey some other message that he'll spend the next week trying to decode. 4) What about warm-up time? When I get back to a project I left a week ago, it takes about an hour to get up to speed; how should this hour be billed? Besides, every theory of pricing tells us that price should NEVER be based on costs. Price should be based on value because that's what it is: price == value. The problem of course is that the client won't tell you what the value is. What I end up doing is: - if I can get an idea of the client's budget, and I find this budget acceptable, then that's my price - if not, my personal rule of thumb is (maybe counter-intuitively) to bid low on things that are new for me (and interesting), because I really want to learn the skills and get the reference on my portfolio; and to bid relatively high on things I know well, because I don't really care to get the project or not, and if I do get it I expect it to contribute financially to all the other stuff. (So if you want to hire me cheap, make me do something I've never done). Also, it's been my experience that clients care about the price before the project begins, but never after. > put an appropriate price on the value you're providing to clients My point exactly... Actually, my whole point was that I try to bill: (value to client) div (my willingness to do this particular project) It looks great but it appears to be down? Every request of the form http://api.ihackernews.com/profile/pg answers {"username":null,"createdAgo":null,"karma":0,"about":null,"version":"1.0","cachedOnUTC":"\/Date(-62135575200000)\/"} and this page http://api.ihackernews.com/page says this Server Error in '/' Application. Oh, ok, thanks for the info. But did it send a request to HN with every request it received? It could have answered with the data it had...? Now everything is a 404, did you take the service down completely?