Hello, and thanks for your feedback! We're sorry to be less exciting, but we do indeed only index the historified sites, otherwise the noise would be too much for historious to be of any usefulness. Luckily the cost of bookmarking a page is really low (just one click), so you can do it as often as you like! The extension is open source, you can download and run it yourself if you don't trust the packaged one: http://bitbucket.org/Stavros/historious.crx Thanks! When were computers fast enough? Each computer I've gotten is exactly as fast as the previous one, from the 100 MHz pentium I had in 97 to the quad core I have now. Programs do more things, but that's why the speed has remained the same. My only hope that this will change is with SSDs. I swapped my laptop's SSD for a HDD and now it's a dog, which reminded me how big the difference in performance is. Well, it's only good if it's making you money... 1) The factory owner should have been happy with the bill, given that it was what six minutes of downtime cost him. 2) "I have found the problem, the fix will cost $10,000. Should I proceed?" The gun does the exact same thing the picks do, only with less flexibility and more easily. I don't see why a locksmith who had picks handy already would have to run out to get the gun when you told him you didn't need the show. He should be able to scrape it with the proper pick regardless... Although, I realise I'm probably just nitpicking. Then you won't like the Greek version of that proverb, which makes little to no sense: "Whoever has the fly gets flied." The difference is that you're scanning, they're aggregating. Scanning is O(logn), aggregating is O(n). I remember trying for hours to understand Adaboost before it all clicked (it's an ingenious algorithm, by the way). The paper could certainly do with some more explanation, rather than just "this is the weight updating function, this is the evaluation step, done". Basically, bottle was here and things were good, and then Armin decided to announce Flask as an April Fools joke and ate poor bottle's lunch. Bottle and Flask are similar enough, but I think Flask has more momentum and support. It works with our oven's alarm clock if I hum, regardless of frequency, I seem to recall. > You mean we should be talking about rate of infection in a population, rather than their contribution to the raw infection numbers overall? Either is fine. "50% of HIV positive people are gay" is not. For all we know, there are only two HIV positive people, and one is gay and one straight. That's hardly a reason for excluding all gay people from donating... Where's the payoff? All I see is a system that had to work first time, so "agile" wasn't even an option. If there were an auto-update mechanism to get everyone on the latest version, it seems to me that you might have delivered months earlier and polished it over time. The GP mentioned arbitrary precision integers, which Python has. I believe they're called Long, and integers that overflow are cast to Long (represented as 123L). I will second this. A friend was trying to teach me the four different tones of the sh syllable, I had no clue what the hell was going on, they all sounded exactly the same. I'm not even a native English speaker, I'm Greek, which also isn't tonal. It's a Dylan Thomas reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_not_go_gentle_into_that_good... Goddamnit, I don't know what's sexist and what isn't any more. What if the message was 0xB1GD1CK (okay, there's no K in hex). Should men be offended? > yet you often see well endowed women used in advertising as nothing more than highly sexualized decoration with a disproportionate focus on their breasts (or other parts) That is because the advertisers want to show something that will immediately capture the attention of their target audience. You don't see women with big breasts on ads for female hygiene products, or, indeed, anything that doesn't target mostly (or even specifically) men. A long, reasoned debate showing how intelligent and wise a woman is won't do much for a 20-second ad. I don't find this any more objectionable than ads using tan, muscular men to appeal to women, which I don't find objectionable at all. It's human nature to be attracted to the opposite sex, and the most available factor is external appearance. > This is merely saying "big boobs" for laughs. It's the kind of stuff young children do (see also: the penis game), so I'm not sure why anyone's rushing to defend this sort of behavior. I completely agree. However, I don't see anyone defending it, people are mostly just saying "this is just childish, not sexist, and isn't that big an issue". I am equally (un)comfortable showing this to a female developer as I am to a male developer. I find it childish and might be a bit embarrassed, not because of the gender of the new hire, but because it's a childish and unprofessional thing to have in code. I am not sure how comfortable the female developer would be, I assume she'd laugh it off, but that's projecting my own feelings onto hers. If I am wrong about this, it will be precisely because I do not know how a woman would feel in this situation, so that's a bit of a moot question to ask me specifically. Can someone tell me what the advantage of emitting LLVM IR is, compared to machine code? I don't think I ever saw that clarified anywhere. I'm the same way, but then I figured that I won't be regretting it for long. HPMOR is amazing. I have an up-to-date ebook version at http://www.leanpub.com/hpmor . I lost so much time to that game. I would probably recommend it. False dichotomy. I'm sure someone in the entire company has five minutes while fixing the problem to explain to us what's going on. Then it didn't reflect the actual value of the company. It was a low offer, and the unpredictable events are just that: unpredictable. The winning lottery ticket still costs $1, because you don't know if it's going to win. This is inaccurate, and just the sort of post you would expect nowadays on HN. It's turning into reddit. That was my thinking as well, this post is light enough that we can all unwind and joke around. Hindsight bias. What if the GP told you he was lying, and that the people who didn't notice were the last ones to get laid off, because they were so absorbed by their work that they didn't have time to notice the cups? Does that make more or less sense than the alternative? I really do hope this (or something like it) takes off. More choice in languages is better, and JS has been the only option for too long. It would be amazing if browsers added interpreters natively, then we could check for a native interpreter and fall back to loading a JS one like brython. Is it because your stairs won't fit in the table? (Sorry, couldn't resist). Or, you know, encryption. Ah, right, so the decisive factor of the GP is not whether the guy is running a legitimate business, it's whether the guy is using the domain to mislead people into thinking he's Nissan cars. So, for example, a personal site with a few family photos of someone called Nissan, or whose nickname is Nissan, or who just liked the word, would not be infringing, so they couldn't take it away, correct? I don't understand how you can compare two strings in constant time by doing a pointer comparison. Can you elaborate? I migrated from MongoDB to SQLite for a project a few years ago, it was much more performant: http://www.stavros.io/posts/using-sqlite-for-great-science-p... I think the data size ended up being a GB or so. Yeah, exactly. My normal scale was missing the big picture of how my weight fluctuates month-to-month. I do need to implement some smoothing, though, as the raw daily value isn't as useful. You know how it goes, "explain everything, predict nothing". Or maybe you don't, because I just made that up, but it fits. Meanwhile, the iPhone has slowly but steadily been losing mindshare to its amazing competition. I disagree with "liberally", as there's a cost associated with commenting (they have to be maintained and people have to spend time to read them), but I'm certainly of the opinion that judiciously commenting is very useful. Nice easter egg in the user who wants to change the password to CoHoBaSt (correct-horse-battery-staple). You're being downvoted, but I agree that a greater amount of tact would have been warranted. Phrases like "I am not making this up", "argh!" and "huh?" add nothing to the review, but only serve to make it more personal, and I say this as a guy who also has very little tact. Well, the fact that someone has made it is proof that anyone can make it. It doesn't mean that everyone will have the same likelihood of making it, though. Knock knock. A UDP packet. Who's there? Everyone? Really? Because half of my friends are unemployed, and every single one has a university degree. And who starts building and then doesn't finish it because they don't want it to be taxed? They aren't, though. Have you seen how removals for anything use the same option, or there's no push or pull, or remotes are much more sane, or creating repos is the same regardless of whether you're cloning or initting? It's much more geared towards actions rather than commands. The thread model TOTP addresses is someone having your password and being able to log in with just that. It's not to protect against people stealing the database, it's not to protect against people having root access to your phone, or anything like that. Which of the solutions you mention works even if an attacker has actual physical access to the two-factor device? I can't tell if this is a joke, therefore I'm coining Stavros' law: Without a clear indicator of an author's intention, it is often impossible to tell the difference between a startup direction and a parody of one. It hit zero multiple times, and they just kept resetting it. I think it just ended with them taking it down. By the way, if you want to share your terminal ephemerally with someone over SSH, I swear by http://tmate.io/ . It was something I desperately needed a solution for, and tmate delivers very very well. Linkbaity title. Google is actually asking developers to add an exception for its third-party ad network, if the developers use Google ads in their apps, since Google can't guarantee all third-party ads will be TLS-enabled. Why do I need to run a whole stack for a mail client? It's a mail client! Why is everything JS web services :( That's not what I got. She does say: > Although it’s hard to credit the study entirely (it may have happened anyway), the study did give us a way into a relationship that feels deliberate. In that light, the "we made the choice to be" is, in part, because they chose to ask the questions. "Version: Python 3.1 (Python 4.2)" Usually the people are also free to leave whenever, which is not so much the case for the animals. Found the manager! It takes a few months for one person to build a house from raw materials? I'd like to meet this superman. I don't really understand this post. The author seems to be doing a lot of handwringing for no reason. Why not just tell the new company "I'm currently employed, so it is unlikely that I would leave my job, but I would be open to it for the right opportunity, if you're still interested"? That way, you both know where you stand, and you have a better negotiating position, since you don't need to take the new job. I don't know what Radare does, but after I read your comment I installed Radare2 (because binja didn't let me save my file). I didn't get anywhere because Radare2 looks like it has a super steep learning curve, whereas with binja I just right-clicked the jump that looked like it'd do what I want and selected "Patch -> Never jump". I'm not sure why you're dismissing usability, but it's a very big feature in a tool, one of the most important ones. Similar story, I was in Barcelona, and if you walk around the beach at night, you see dodgy-looking immigrants that will approach you and quietly ask if you want a cold beer. See, it's illegal for stores to sell alcohol past a certain hour, so these guys provide a valuable service. However, I was with a friend who wanted to smoke some weed instead, so he went and asked one of the guys "do you have any weed?" The guy looked horrified and quickly blurted out "No, no, only beer! You can't get that stuff!" before moving along. It just struck me as funny that they would dodgily sell you illegal beer but that they would be righteously indignant at weed. "That, sir, is where I draw the line of illegality!" A friend of mine is blind and I've heard him echo this sentiment. I tried TalkBack for Android a few months ago just to see how he uses his phone and it was a buggy piece of crap. I get that a lot. The answer is "if the service goes down, I'll send you an email well in advance so you can switch. If you die before that, well, your emails will have already gone out, so you don't have anything to lose." Having just installed SolveSpace, a parametric 3D CAD tool which includes a solver in 1.9 MB, I can't help but feel a bit sad when a minimal Markdown editor is a 34 MB file :( I wonder if there's a better option for crossplatform apps than Electron. Maybe Rust? Or Python+PyQT? I don't think so, have we? Windows applications are very small because all the UI libraries are in the OS itself, where they should be. It's very very not user-unfriendly. I finished the tutorial in 20 minutes and it was very intuitive and exciting! I had a pretty negative experience with TopTal, where the first interview/screening thing involved me solving programming puzzles on some sort of code editor. After spending an hour on a puzzle whose solution turned out to pretty much be "return len(A) - A.count(X)", I gave up in frustration. One of the site's founders emailed me later to tell me that he knew that those questions didn't actually really test programming skills, and that they were trying to improve, but the damage was already done. Exactly. Most of my value is in telling the client "you'll never needs this. Here's something that will do the job you need right now for a fraction of the cost, and won't prevent you from scaling later on", and not the fact that I can write optimized code to find the midpoint of an array so that the two halves contain an equal number of items divisible by 3 in half an hour. Alright, I tried it for you guys: I ate one miracle berry tablet (I think the recommended dose is half a tablet, but screw it). The tablets were pretty old, so after consuming it I tested with yoghurt to see if the results held up. Indeed, the yoghurt tasted like cream and was not sour at all, so the tablet was good. Afterwards, I tasted Sriracha sauce, Tapatio and Valentina Extra Hot. All sauces retained their usual taste, except there was no burning sensation in the tongue and mouth at all. However, the sauces retained their burning sensation in the throat, completely intact, as far as I can tell. I'm afraid that I didn't have a control spoonful of sauce before the tablet, because I didn't think of it, but I can have some once the tablet wears out. I seem to recall, though, that a spoonful of Sriracha does normally burn my tongue. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. Like your sibling comment, I also injured my back while deadlifting (with proper form and everything) years ago and it's been very tender and ever since. I also get back cramps in that spot around once a year, making me unable to move for about a day. I very badly need a TLS library in my embedded firmware so I can accept new firmware updates over HTTP. The GP's points are all a bit weak, especially if this method uses a good KDF like bcrypt to generate the keys. I used SuperGenPass for a while, before switching to KeePass, and the major drawbacks I found were: 1) No way to change a password. None at all. If a site required you to make up a new password, you're out of luck (or you have to come up with a new master password every time and remember which master password to use for which site). 2) If a website is incompatible with the generated password, you're out of luck. My bank (because of course it would be the bank, cat sharing websites are more secure) would throw a fit because I had a number in my password and refuse to set it. 3) If someone has a keylogger or otherwise steals your master password, you're done for everywhere. This is not so with password databases, because the attacker also needs the file. 4) It's just not really that much more convenient than KeePass + KeePassAndroid. Hell, the latter is more convenient because I don't have to keep retyping my password, I can store it in memory protected by my fingerprint, which is something that no SuperGenPass-compatible app I've found does. In summary: Go with KeePass, it's better. My data point was that I got an Intel SSD back in 2010 (one of the first affordable ones, $500 for 160 GB) and it started showing bad sectors in 2013. I immediately copied all my data off, and sent it to intel, who sent me a replacement for free. The replacement has been working fine ever since. It sounds to me like most of the other people were disagreeing with him. I'd like to second Hugo. Static sites with Netlify are a joy, since they can handle however much traffic you want, there are no scaling headaches or updates or stuff for bots to randomly hack. I'm currently trying to decide between Lektor and Hugo, Lektor's data model seems more powerful, Hugo seems harder to learn (worse-quality docs) but Lektor doesn't seem very actively maintained, and Hugo has a larger community around it. Clickable magnet links are fine, since the query doesn't actually go to the server. Why can't we get Rust for the ESP8266? :( I really dislike C, I'd love a higher-level language. As great as MicroPython is, the interpreter needs too much RAM, and I think Rust would be a great alternative. You don't "remove" a canary, you just stop updating it. The intent being that they can't force you to keep updating it. I've been using (well, "using". Borg sends data to their server, checks have never failed, I've never had to look at it) them for years and like them, so my experience is similar to yours. The problem I have with storage providers being expensive is a sense of unfairness. Disk prices get cheaper all the time, so a provider that doesn't periodically cut its prices feels to me like it's been getting progressively more and more expensive. Now that I saw that Backblaze is ten times cheaper than my rsync.net plan, I'm sad :( I should just bite the price bullet and move to them. I've moved everything else off Google (even search), it's about time I move my email too. Isn't that basically saying "fuck liking the thing you do, instead practice doing it even though you don't like it, and if you have to train one of the two, train the latter"? If I had to choose between liking the thing I do and not liking it but doing it anyway, I'd choose the former. I don't find "how can I be more motivated?" a bad aspiration at all. I've been there, it's great (and in a very nice building). SPOILERS AHEAD I don't like how the movie makes her daughter to be dying of a disease. In the book, she dies in a climbing accident, which the protagonist knows full well will happen but does nothing to prevent it, thus demonstrating how committed she was to an immutable, deterministic future. I liked the story better. I think it helped that the actress reading the story in the audiobook was excellent. I read it differently from you. What I read is that there are two "modes", one with free will but with no knowledge of the future, and one with knowledge of the future but that effectively "forces" you to play your part in what you know the future to be. I feel that this explanation agrees with the two "interpretations" of refraction mentioned in the book. However, then the question arises: How do you reconcile the fact that some beings can see the future when there are other beings in the world that have free will (and thus are able to change the future that the former see)? I consider the explanation in the book sufficient, though. I don't expect my fiction to be perfectly consistent with everything, and this particular story passes my personal, subjective bar. Speak for yourself, I'm an abysmal dev by that metric. I think so too. It's not freedom of speech if it's "you're free to say what you like as long as it doesn't bother me". It's also concerning that this service is the arbiter of what's moral and what's not in their domains. You're right, but I prefer my conditions as open as possible... I agree with the GP. I find myself surprised at something someone didn't know, only to realize upon further reflection that I wasn't actually surprised, I was just asserting superiority, which was unconscious and crappy. It changed after I saw the XKCD "Ten thousand" comic, which changed my worldview for the better. I don't think I was, I was doing Starting Strength, so if it was too heavy, it would have been by 1 kilo or so. I doubt it, though, because I had plateaued at the time, so I just lifted around the same weight every time. I wasn't overly exerted, I had done the lift many times with a straight back, etc, something just "popped" during one of the lifts, and my back hurt like hell for weeks, and nowadays that injury comes back once a year or so and renders me unable to move for a few days. That's a very interesting notion, I didn't know you could use a GA pixel. That's a much better alternative to the full-blown JS tracker, thank you. Why? Just don't log in with it if you don't like it, why does it specifically have to be removed? I understand your point, but there is a good middle ground for people. As a software developer, I was amazed the first time I connected a LED to the RPi's GPIOs and made it blink with software. From that, I moved to an Arduino, with its Lego style shields, and to an ESP8266 and my own PCBs. I don't think the Arduino is just for people who don't want to learn anything about embedded. Those people exist, but it's good that they can do stuff with hardware without learning. The people who do want to learn, will learn faster with the Arduino ecosystem than without it. That said, the Dev environment sucks, PlatformIO all the way. Reading the article, I was a bit disappointed that people were trying to pull the book, but reading your comment I remembered how much I had to argue for Python 3 with a friend who was just starting to learn programming and was reading LPTHW because I had suggested it after hearing it is a good book. The book apparently said that Python 3 sucks, that people shouldn't learn it, and that "if someone tells you to use Python 3, tell them you'll use it when all their code is in Python 3", which is just absurd. It was very harmful, because Python 3 is definitely where the community is, and 2's days are numbered. That part may have been true back when it was written, but it's definitely not true today, and all it does is fan the flames of discord. Take this: https://alisdair.mcdiarmid.org/kill-sticky-headers/ It doesn't matter so much what time the air is actually the hottest, but what time the sun will burn you. I'd take 37 C air in the shade over 35 C in the midday sun any time. Nix and Guix sound interesting. I run Ubuntu currently, what's the easiest way to get start with one or the other? I hear Guix is more user-friendly, is that so? Do I need to install a whole other OS, or can I install Guix in Ubuntu? This is a very good article that goes into detail on what you mention: http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything... Oh man, that describes all of them. http://ipfessay.stavros.io/ - Publish uncensorable essays on IPFS https://www.eternum.io/ - Pin IPFS files with a nice interface https://www.pastery.net/ - The best pastebin https://spa.mnesty.com/ - Fuck with spammers https://www.timetaco.com/ - Easily make nice-looking countdowns And this is just the last two months or so? Also, lots of hardware stuff: https://www.stavros.io/projects/ Why are you comparing a weapon that has to hit a whole person and misses to a weapon that has to hit a 5mm retina and somehow never misses? The Lexar high endurance. If you want to find SD card reliability info, check websites and videos that do reviews for dashcam SD cards. Their primary focus is on reliability because they need the cards to be able to be written on constantly without failing for a long time. I've been trying to get Caddy more widely deployed at work, and this move is going to alienate commercial customers (at least us) even more than Caddy already does. Not only do they not have repositories, essentially doubling the effort to keep machines up to date (we have to have one process to upgrade everything else , and one process to upgrade just Caddy ), but now we can't even download precompiled binaries to deploy on the servers without paying. I could have put up with Caddy not being as mature as nginx for some low-volume deployments, and barely put up with the lack of debs, but having to compile my own binaries across the company isn't worth the integrated TLS certs. Ad headers isn't an extended feature, it's a nag screen. > it's not "apt install" but it's pretty close It's not close, though, it's very far. With apt, I know things are going to go in their proper place, and are going to get cleaned up afterwards (not to mention the biggest benefit, automatic updates). With a shell script, I don't know what sort of stuff it puts where on my filesystem, and I can't automate the installation easily. My preferred order of installation procedures is: "apt", "manual", and "random shell script" is a distant last, to the point where I sometimes won't try software if the installation procedure isn't sane. > if you build from source, you're good to go. That's a pretty big if. The one time I had to compile the server from source (to help you test a bugfix), I had the Go toolchain installed (which not everyone does) and I still couldn't figure out how to compile with some of the plugins I wanted. I gave up after 30 minutes of not getting anywhere, IIRC. I think this move has lost you a lot of goodwill from people. No, it counts as a bugfix.