Five years isn't really enough experience to be a serious tech lead or a high-end consultant. Come back when you have ten years. The guys I know who are making over $100k WERE those "amazing programmers" five years into their career, but now they're twenty years in. I was an amazing programmer five years in as well, but I wasn't worth $100k even in today's dollars. You need more experience than that! VCs don't necessarily care about profitability either. They're looking for a liquidity event - either M&A or IPO. Profitability is only useful insofar as it helps achieve the desired liquidity event at maximum valuation. More to the point, large investors cause a short-term growth focus, because they're looking for 5-20x returns over the course of a few years. But as others have said, do you want to be rich, or do you want to be king? If you want to make a great product and are willing to take your time to do it, don't take investor money any more than you must, so you aren't beholden to their interests - because "make a great product" isn't their interest. As a 40-something who is 20 years into his career, I don't think I'm a particularly better PROGRAMMER than I was about five years in. But there is SO much more to being a useful tech than programming! And I'm much more sophisticated about big-picture thinking, business, and planning these days. Back when I was barely past "junior", I got to work on some really cool software at a dotcom-era startup. Technically, it was a blast. As a business decision, it was absolutely idiotic, and it was a massive management failure to have us wasting our time on it at all. (Basically, the idea was that six man-months of code at the time would save the company millions in the future. Which would have been true, if it HAD a future. Never, ever waste precious development effort on something that can be bought easily off-the-shelf and isn't core competence for your product! That's not even a good use of time in an established company, much less a ticking-clock startup!) As I'm prone to saying, I cost as much as two junior programmers, but I can do things that two junior programmers can't do. And actually, cost is one of the problems older programmers have... senior == expensive. On the other hand, if you're in the industry for 20+ years and haven't found a way to make yourself and your work more valuable than what some drone straight out of college can do, but you expect to get paid more than said drone, you're asking to get sidelined. The problem isn't the myth that older programmers are less flexible than younger ones. The problem is that so many older programmers haven't attended to their careers in a way to make themselves substantially more valuable than some pliant kid. It's not enough to do the kid's job better... you have to do things the kid CANNOT do. This reminds me of a conversation with an old friend... a pic of the two of us when I was 20 or so appeared on Facebook, and he asked that if 20 year old me met today's me, what would surprise him most? I replied that it would be how today's me kept calling 20 year old me "dumbass". Mmm, Trello. It's the ONLY software Kanban implementation I've used that's worth a crap. All the rest either feel like broken toys, or suffer from feeping creaturitis, or both. Note to other Kanban software developers... features suck. "Features" are the antithesis of Kanban. That said, though, even Trello isn't as good as a board with Post-It notes attached. Its only real advantage is that Trello is portable. First, Kanban tends to be a small-group thing, even within large businesses. I'm sure someone in IBM is going to pay $200/year for a site license, but I doubt IBM is going to make a strong, centralized license control. Heck, it's not worth the TIME for a team to have the three meetings and twenty emails required, not for $200. And really, why should they have a complex pricing model? It's not like Trello is expensive to develop/support/operate. If they can get 10k organizations to buy a $200 license, they make a cool $2M for a not-complex piece of software with a not-complex business model. That's a very high profit margin, and still cheap enough to repel price-based competition (even free). I think I need to write up the Dependency Perversion and Perversion of Control antipatterns one of these days... after all, they're far more applicable to real-world software development. I struggle with that myself. My attitude toward people who aren't accomplishing much with their lives is "Well, work harder!" But while much of my own success is due to hard, focused work, much of it is also due to raw intelligence and talent. Not everyone has that. Their direct competitors are Porsche and Ferrari, not Ford and Toyota. They're GOOD. I love how Aston styling has affected Ford. Here's an ongoing frustration... I'm currently working on a startup while maintaining a day job, which means LOTS of hours. I'm often (usually) working until I go to bed. Now, I'm at my best productivity code-wise when I first start working in the morning (no, not a morning person). So I'd like to get up earlier and put in a couple of hours on the startup in the morning, before I have to go do the dayjob - give my best couple of hours to MY work rather than someone else's work. Working two hours from 6am-8am would be more productive for me than working two hours from 10pm-12am. But when I'm working late at night, it's really hard to let it go and tell myself to pick it up in the morning. Knowing logically that this is true isn't enough. Sigh. Even though I'm from a technical background, I'm finding that I really enjoy the business side of things, enough that I would (and will) happily cut programming responsibility loose whenever I can find a technical CTO, or even a good lead programmer. But when there's no one you can trust with the work, and you know how to code, it's very easy and very tempting to spend an evening up to your elbows in code. It's safe and comfortable. But if I wanted safe and comfortable, I wouldn't be trying to start a company, now would I? As a former C programmer who truly loves C... I wouldn't use it DIRECTLY for anything except things that couldn't be done in any other language, things where you really need that fine-grained memory control for performance or deeper technical issues. By all means, wrap code in more abstract languages! I feel the same about Coffeescript. A while back, I spent a couple of months as a full-time Javascript coder. I like a lot of things about JS, but the line-noiseish syntax (especially around callbacks and anonymous function declaration) was damned annoying. Compared to its elegant-syntax contemporaries like Ruby and Python, it felt awkward. Coffeescript is a hack, yes, but it's a nice one. It plagiarizes some of the best syntax ideas from more graceful languages (list comprehensions, splats, whitespace significance, etc), and adds them to the good ideas and functionality of JS. I agree that in order to write good Coffeescript, you should be able to write good Javascript too, in order to see the gotchas. But that doesn't mean a preprocessor is a bad thing, not if it gives this much readability and functionality. Sadly, I think there's a bit of machismo involved in the sneering at Coffeescript, not a real technical issue. More numbers == harder to read. The point is not to give an accurate picture (as someone else pointed out, they certainly have more detailed internal metrics). The point is to make potential customers feel that their apps are fast and responsive. Hard numbers make that sound plausible. More detailed numbers would make the point diffuse and confusing. Alcohol laws in America are crazy. In Kentucky, there's a joke about how you know you've crossed a county line when the potholes end and the liquor stores begin. I live in Minnesota, where our liquor laws date back to the era when being a liberal meant you were for women voting and against ANYONE drinking. It was a big deal when we finally got to keep bars open til 2am, a few years back. We can't buy alcohol in stores on sundays, and grocery stores can't sell anything stronger than 3.2 "near beer". You have to go to a real liquor store for even wine and beer, much less hard liquor. Did you hit timing issues with fundraising? Something I see coming for me is that I want to start generating revenue before actually getting funding (as Buffer did), but I can't afford to fully surrender a substantial income during the transition from dayjob+startup to allstartup. Ah, to be in my twenties and happy with ramen-profitable again... At any rate, I want a fairly tight window between getting the revenue stream started and getting funded enough to make a living and hire more people. Any advice for keeping the size of that window down? Thanks, that's very helpful! Much of my problem is that I'm coming into this as a full-fledged grownup - twenty years in the industry, two college-aged kids, mortgage, car payments, etc. What cushion I have is my retirement money, and my spouse will only let me burn just so much of that before she loses patience. I could maybe get a few months of pure bootstrapping in, but the drop from a six figure income to less than minimum wage is very steep indeed. Right now, it's 20+ hours a week on the startup in my "copious spare time". What worries me is the pain waiting for me when the rubber meets the road... the support time and emergency fixes needed when I have real, paying customers. That's when the conflict between dayjob and startup will truly loom large. But what the hell, I WILL make it work. I'm done with working for other people. I've already signed my Declaration of Independence, but if I want my freedom, I'm going to need to survive my Valley Forge as well. On the plus side, my wife has a high-paying IT job as well, so we won't starve immediately. And I'm kind of boggled at how much I've managed to build, effectively solo (legal help only), in the past six months. But I have another six before it's really money-ready, I think. GM already had this, with the Chevy Volt (a very interesting concept in its own right). But the problem is, despite a highly sensible transition approach from gasoline to electric, it's still a CHEVY. It's built to Chevy construction standards, Chevy aesthetics. Oh, it's you. I was going to go to Minicon in Minneapolis just to meet you, but you didn't make it shakes fist in impotent rage . I still recommend "Halting State" to all my programmer friends, and "Accelerando" to the paranoids. Thanks for the laughs. :) Oh yes, I remember the circumstances. :) Totally understand, and glad your wife is okay! Hopefully we'll see you at Minicon or somewhere else Minneapolis-ish someday. So is there no NEW development going on? Is this just maintenance? If there are new pieces, maybe they'd have a chance to work in newer tech. Also? The way you framed this question seethes with condescension. "beta buzzy framework" and "craplication" and "version numbers http://www.12factor.net ), and it's led me to the conclusion that mainstream enterprise middleware as expressed in J2EE is fundamentally wrong. Application servers are an inherently bad idea. That said, my own coding is currently leaning toward Node.js for server stuff. I'm using Neo4j for data and it turns problems right on their ear - for my space (not all spaces), it's a million times better than relational and a thousand times better than document databases. So I'm looking for languages/frameworks that make my particular use of Neo4j more graceful. Started with Rails, but gave it up as the ActiveRecord ORM is kind of Neo4j-hostile in practice. I expect this is true of most ORM solutions (hence the R, for "relational"), so maybe I can make it better in a lighter-weight system. At any rate, there are no silver bullets, but plenty of wooden ones. I lump PHP in that category. If there's an existing PHP app, then by all means maintain it, but don't use it for new projects! Hell YES fire a client! It's not just about money. It's about grief and stress. Don't work for people who want to set up a Panopticon because they think you're cheating them. Just... no. My feels, let me to you show them! :) Thinking of my wife, who mockingly calls founders of early stage startups "living room CEOs". I was in a fundraising presentation with a couple dozen hopefuls a while back, and realized that I was in a whole roomful of living room CEOs (I already knew my own status in this regard - see she's my wife, above). And I realized, with fascinating clarity, what my next goal is... to advance from living room CEO to paper millionaire! Get a round of angel funding with a sufficiently high valuation that my post-investment share is worth at least a million. Doesn't mean I could sell it for a million, but at least on paper I'd be rich! If you want to sell a million dollars' worth of product, there's a quantity/quality of sale ratio. You can sell a million people something that costs a buck, or a thousand people something that costs a thousand, or one person something that costs a million. Hidden inside this is a problem that affects all startups, not just education... there's no money to be made selling to poor people, because they don't have much money. Poor people aren't thousand dollar customers, generally. If you want to get rich selling to them, you need deep/broad market penetration. So to make money on an education business, you either need very broad use (at least six figures of users), or something of very high value to those who can afford it - the thousand people for a thousand dollars model (much more than that, and you're actually selling to institutions). When we say "startup" around here, we're specifically talking about a pretty narrow economic model... angel/venture funded software companies targeting $10M-$100M+ annual sales in less than a decade. It needs those hockey-stick graphs to justify the investment. How do you get that? There are probably spaces that can be exploited by startups - mobile software that simplifies the lives of college students in the under-$100 range, for example. But really, I think the innovation mostly has to come as entrepreneurship within institutions. Finished is better than perfect, every time. I say this constantly to creative people who struggle with your problem. I've solved it myself by making "finished" a hard goal and habit, and leaving a trail of completed projects behind me. Here's the thing... smart, creative people generate ideas at an appalling rate. Each new idea is a temptation. The trick is to sort through them, learn to ignore ideas that don't REALLY grab you. Go back and work on the existing ideas, the ones that have already grabbed you. Keep working on them even when they're frustrating or boring or seem impossible. Next trick... have an exit strategy. Have a clearly defined "done" point. You won't finish if you don't know what "finished" means. Next trick... deadlines. Set deadlines for interim goals, and interim goals small enough to feel reachable. Learn from Agile development techniques. You can do Agile even as a one-person shop. Have you TRIED it? You can try things like a Kanban (Trello is awesome) to roll work forward out of your backlog. Or a to-do list. But the simple fact is, you will always have more work to do than you have bandwidth to do it, if you're a remotely interesting person. So sure, some things will "disappear". That's okay. If they DON'T disappear, other things won't get done. Aquihire is a failure mode. Company builds a good team, but the product can't get enough traction to be sold on its own merits. ${BIGCORP) swoops in and buys out the company for a LOT less than it would be worth with a successful product, ditches the product and handcuffs the team. It's a less awful ending for a startup than going bankrupt and folding the company, but it's not an actual business plan! Sheesh, if I'm pouring a few years of my life into creating a product, I hope it's more than an elaborate flirtation to get hired at Google with a signing bonus! It's probably because of a sense that Zuckerberg and his ilk are "one of us" because they're in the same industry we are. That's hardly true; they have very different interests than the average coder. If you're a programmer and want to donate to people defending your interests in the political realm, consider EFF instead. Don't disagree with any of this. Acqui-hire isn't ideal, but it's better than the alternative, which is starting over. Well, it needs reformed. When there are 11 million undocumented workers in the country, there's clearly a market distortion going on. The problem is, we have a demand-side problem (need for unskilled or semi-skilled labor), but insist on treating it with supply-side solutions (Higher walls! More deportation!). That's not going to work. The nimble small businesses of illegal immigration will easily come up with new ways to bring them in faster than slow government can plug the leaks. Leaving morality out of it, it's not an EFFECTIVE approach. And it's a frustrating situation, because it turns many ordinary, otherwise law-abiding Americans into tacit criminals, consciously or unconsciously hiring undocumented workers to do basic stuff like wash the dishes or mow the lawn. And the illegal workers live in fear and don't participate in the processes they should, like getting driver's licenses. A sensible visa system could address the supply side by giving a legal mechanism for a sufficient number of workers, reducing demand for illegals, and would allow those newly legal workers to participate without fear as residents, if not citizens. It would reduce crime and stress. Facebook's interests are served by trading favors. FB has money and branding - that's its currency in Washington. And in Washington, legislators have complex agendas and constantly trade favors. So in order to get some legislator's support for the immigration reform they want, they offer to support something they don't care about normally (in this case, the Keystone pipeline). If you only think about your own interests in a narrow sense, you will be continually steamrollered by those with broader minds and agendas. Talk itself (that is, marketing) can be a "minimum viable product". Enough to make sales. But I think that's more valuable in the Kickstarter world of making things you can kick. In software, the standard is usually (not always) higher. As a consumer myself, I'm a lot more willing to pay for the promise of a physical product, than to pay for the promise of software. A brilliant and tenacious person can fail due to bad luck, but you can't succeed at the billionaire level WITHOUT being brilliant and tenacious. So bad luck can be a factor, but good luck is not, really. Good luck might separate the billionaires from the millionaires, maybe. Before even delving into development beyond the internal spikes, put together your business model! You should have a pretty good idea who (and how numerous) your customers are, how much they're willing to pay, and how to reach them. Once you have those, you have some revenue numbers. From there, you can extrapolate at least a rough outline of a business plan. If you can't figure out who the customers are or what they'll pay or how to get them to pay, then maybe you're sitting on a nice open source project instead. Lack of a business objective doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, but maybe it means you shouldn't try to make a living from it. Really? I think the "gold-plated resumes" are off taking dull, mainstream management jobs and settling for upper middle class. And connections are ALWAYS made by hard work, if they're of any real value at all. Most rich people are self-made, and if you want to get their support (ie angel investors), they have to really believe you're one of them - that you'll earn your riches, not be born into it. The very mentality it takes to be a good founder, to really go for broke with a startup, is at odds with the gold-plated resume. Gates and Zuckerburg dropped out of Harvard. They didn't get those delicious "Harvard connections", because Harvard simply wasn't good enough for their ambitions and talent. I was writing about just this tension recently... http://www.baqbeat.com/2013/04/27/the-product-is-the-marketi... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income_guarantee The solution is simple. You simply give every adult citizen enough money every year to insure that they can afford food, shelter, and other basic needs. Give it to everyone, rich or poor, same amount. BAM! No more poverty, except in self-inflicted cases (drug addiction, for example), or things like severe and very expensive illness (which are covered by other means). This can be paid for in large part by the abolition of welfare systems, unemployment, Social Security, etc. The stock criticism is that people wouldn't work, because they wouldn't have to. Frankly, I don't want such poorly motivated people working anyway, because they're not productive. And anyone who wants more than barely-poverty will get a job or start a business. Another nice feature is that this supports people who want to do something productive but not financially valuable - charity work, ministry, art. I don't think anyone actually PREFERS to be homeless, except for a few exotics. Most of the homeless in America are that way due to either a: unfortunate economic circumstances, or b: mental illness that precludes normal social functioning. There are exceptions that prove the rule. But "most" is an excuse. As Paul Graham said on a different thread yesterday, if you have a choice between two explanations and one justifies you being lazy, choose the other one. Yes, but I also figure that anyone smart enough to effectively game the welfare system is smart enough to do substantially better than what even gamed welfare can provide. And wouldn't some other business step in then and undersell them? Supply and demand, man. And yes, there would still be people who blew their GMI money on drugs and wound up homeless. And there would still be charities to help them. Back in the day, President Reagan insisted that all decisions he needed to make be given to him in the form of a one page memo with a yes/no checkbox. We made fun of him for being stupid back then, but now I appreciate the wisdom of it. If he needed to know more, he could always ask, but a one-page yes/no decision forced some efficiency. Of course, the effectiveness of this approach depends a great deal on the quality of your staff. Ultimately, software is about getting specific answers to non-specific questions. Given the astounding productivity ratio between a great developer and a mediocre one, a treat like an unexpected bonus is a very good way to ensure loyalty. If he's an unexpectedly good developer who was underpriced due to external market factors, his price will go up anyway once those factors are stabilized. Better to be the customer who recognized and rewarded his value first - that will make him loyal to YOU, and willing to go an extra mile later. Otherwise, you're just waiting til you need him again, and you can't get him, because he's booked and you're Just Another Customer. edit: This made me think of a delightful documentary, "Herb and Dorothy", about a couple of ordinary middle class New Yorkers who became major collectors of modern art. They were always bleeding edge and bought from a lot of later-famous artists when those artists were deciding between rent and food some months. So later on, the artists would be rich and famous, but still cut special price deals for Herb and Dorothy, deals ordinary collectors would never get - because they were the first buyers to recognize the artist's worth. This is relevant to my interests. As a configuration engineer who occasionally programs ("one-man devops team", a co-worker called me), I've looked at Javascript with disdain. A two-month stint as a full time Javascript programmer (in extjs) a while back didn't help that... the language felt awkward and unnecessarily crufty to me. But now that I'm developing from scratch for my own startup, I'm finding myself back at Javascript. Node.js is actually solving problems for me as a server, and I'm plowing through a number of Javascript animation tools for data visualization problems (D3 is currently winning). And discovering CoffeeScript has made the whole process more pleasant, hiding the unaesthetic syntax issues and giving me best-of-breed features from elegant languages like Python, Ruby, and Haskell. List comprehensions in Javascript? Yes, please! I'm not to the point where I can find charm in the icky parts yet, but I'm finding Javascript solves problems I can't solve elegantly any other way, and CoffeeScript goes a long way toward hiding the cruft. I don't see why this is such a big deal. I've been able to send money via gmail for a long time now! My penis is bigger, I can get drugs from Canada, my hair has grown back, and I've discovered long-lost wealthy relatives in Nigeria! Thanks for posting this! As a pre-beta startup, AL looks like an interesting way to generate funding, but using it effectively is a bit baffling. C'est la vie. My big concern now is getting customers, not funding. Technically, their collection was worth many millions of dollars, if they'd parted it out rather than donating it. For a totally alternative and HN-relevant take on this subject, see http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/04/fashion/art-and-techology-... , a NY Times article about the uncomfortable relationship between the traditional art collecting world and the new tech millionaires. As someone actively involved in the art world (photography, music, dance, and theater) as well as the tech world, this article made sense to me. A lot of it, though, gets down to the art world simply not understanding their (potential) customers. The art cognoscenti have traditionally sold a sense of elitism and insiderism that is, frankly, alien to most programmers. If they want rich programmers to support the world of fine art, they need to find a way to make it valuable in non-financial terms. Programmers simply don't value "taste" the same way (see PG's excellent essay on taste here for a different take). You could easily liken it to being angel investors in Silicon Valley. A middle class couple might become great at it, but they wouldn't be able to pull it off in Sheboygan. Reflecting on death is boring. That "sigh" moment is really important. If you want the benefits of good habits like TDD, you need to make them rewarding at the micro as well as macro level. More carrot, less stick. Finally, an INTERESTING article about the Yahoo/Tumblr thing. Look up "qualified investor". Opening ownership shares up to literally thousands (if not millions) of not-qualified investors makes it impossible to get proper funding from VCs later. Imagine having to get signatures from 100,000 ten dollar investors, just to get a million dollars. Crazy. Pick the one that feels gut-right, and look for reasons to shoot it down. Giving yourself a menu of choices leads to analysis paralysis. Better yet, back it up a level... why do you need a dedicated server, rather than cloud hosting? Dedicated servers go strongly against industry trends. Well, why was it posted to HN in the first place? Because of the Yahoo/Tumblr sale. That makes it relevant. Not saying that cloud over dedicated host is the answer. Saying that it is an important question (and the answer should be application-specific). When you find your business decisions going against the herd, you should really ask yourself WHY you're going against the herd, because our herd is pretty smart. That doesn't mean you should never go against, just that you should make sure you're thinking it through. Bah. How much coverage do we get for, say, some random has-been celebrity's drunken arrest versus wars that cost a lot more than $11B? What the media chooses to cover (and what consumers choose to read, since we no longer have the limited-sources excuse) has pretty much nothing to do with the actual big-picture importance of the events. This is a straight-up technological disruption of an existing sales channel. The third-party dealerships are an artifact of primitive 20th century supply chain management - they're basically a caching mechanism to handle latency in the network, to put it in computerese terms. With the power of computers and online ordering, Tesla has no need for these dinosaurs. They can "cut out the middleman and pass the savings on to you", terms every consumer can understand. The fear for the dealers is not that Tesla will go around them, but that other manufacturers will follow. The big car makers already have experience setting up alternative brands to play with techniques that are too radical for their mainstream business (remember Saturn?), so it would be easy enough for something like GM spinning the Volt off as a new car company, not just a Chevy, and running Tesla-style sales. If that happens, dealers are doomed. If he was going to cave, he'd have caved already. There's nothing in it for Tesla now. The whole attempt to force Tesla into the existing supply chain model, at ZERO demonstrable benefit to consumers, looks bad politically. No politician will want to be seen publicly defending the dealers. Shorter Audi: Tesla may be outselling us at our flagship range, but since they don't sell cars that cost half as much, we're better, and we're not going to talk about what happens when they start selling cars that cost half as much... Now here's an interesting question, or maybe some interrelated questions. First, will Tesla be able to manufacture profitably in the sub-$50k range (competing with the Audi/BMW/MB low end), with a car that is range-comparable to the S? In other words, can they build a genuinely useful electric drivetrain for about the same price as an internal combustion drivetrain? Next, as they start spinning up long-term reliability figures (real people driving real Teslas in real conditions for the 100k+ miles we expect today), will costs remain comparable? Third, how long will it take Audi/BMW/Lexus/etc to develop fully electric cars of their own that are performance-comparable and compatible with whatever public charging systems start to develop? Good luck with that. Got a few years? Something those who think "work for hire" and "you should own the IP" don't seem to understand... a huge part of being a good photographer is being a good EDITOR, and learning to keep only the very best images. I'm not a "professional" in the full time sense, but I've released professional work. My "keep rate" is 2-3%. I'm simply rejecting 49 out of every 50 photos I take. I do not EVER want ANYONE to see those other 49. Many are just plain bad, and even the good ones aren't good enough for my critical standards. Because of this, I would not under any circumstances sign a work-for-hire contract as a photographer. No good photographer I know would do that. Something else to consider... for many photographers, the editing process is inseparable from the photo. The in-camera raw image is only an intermediate step. I don't know how many times I've been asked for a complete set of raw images by models or performers (I mostly shoot dance performance), and they've reacted with surprise to my flat NO answer. I'm not willing to let someone else make aesthetic decisions on my raw images, except perhaps in cases where I consider the person an artistic peer and treat it as a co-project. Camera software and automated exposure and focus have drastically reduced the technical barrier. As a photographer, I'm both amused and appalled by people who spend two grand on a camera, leave it on "Auto", realize their photos suck, and wonder if they should buy an even more expensive camera. If you don't have a computer best-guessing exposure for you and you don't understand exposure yourself, you're screwed. If you understand exposure, you don't NEED the computer to make guesses for you. My expensive DSLR is set to manual, so I don't have the computer "guess" the wrong thing. Sports journalists don't have to worry about some bridezilla taking their images, soft-filtering them and adding glowing pink hearts, and publishing every single one, no matter how awful. Their work-for-hire is going to professional editors. This is a VERY important distinction. There is if artistic integrity matters. Think about the culture you want to create. Who do you want to attract as customers? How will they be able to express themselves? And how will they find others they're interested in? If you're thinking actual social space startup, that's a HARD row to hoe right now, unless you have a really crystal-clear new idea. It's a mature, saturated market that isn't in terrible need of disruption that I can see. The only really interesting entry in that field that I've heard of lately is Bang With Friends. Going to Washington won't disrupt politics. IGNORING Washington will disrupt politics. Create an alternative center of power - one that values freedom and meritocracy. That means being independent of Big Money as well as Big Politics. Startup advice ! = How Google did it. I read a ton of startup advice, but I consciously filter out the corner cases like Google and Facebook. I'm a lot more interested in how the thousands of less famous companies have succeeded (or failed). No, there's coupling involved. Every paying job I've ever gotten as a photographer, I've gotten due to my artistic qualities. This isn't universal, but it's common. So releasing work that undermines my artistic integrity also undermines my commercial appeal. Besides, art is WHY many of us take up photography! When you just whore out your work for money, it's demoralizing. You think less of yourself as an artist, and as a person. My twin children spent seven years in Minnesota charter schools - one at one school, six at another, ultimately graduating high school. Overall, the experience was extremely positive. The reason is obvious to me... there is no single "right" way to educate a child. Every child is different, and has different needs. Techniques that work well for one student can work poorly for another, or even be counterproductive. Charters allow more technique flexibility and focus than mainstream schools. The first charter my kids attended, in sixth grade, was awful for them. They were miserable and got bad grades. Does that mean it was a bad school? No, it's a great school! But it was a bad school for my children . The rigid, Catholic-like environment of that first school is great for regular kids who could use a more disciplined environment, but for neuroatypicals, it sucked. The second school we tried was absolutely wonderful. It followed a project-based learning curriculum that gave children a lot of control over their own learning, but also demanded a lot of responsibility. My oddball children (and the herd of aspies, ADD cases, and queers that accompanied them) thrived in this environment. But frankly, I think it would be a bad school for most kids. It's too demanding. Charters are in part about experimentation. And some experiments will fail. It's not a good idea to conduct large-scale, risky educational experiments on involuntary subjects - mainstream schools. But for parents and kids who CHOOSE to try new things, the opportunities are fantastic. Sadly, most people's opinions of charters are knee-jerk political reflex, rationalized with "results" that have nothing to do with how parents or kids feel about their education. Charter schools that have a specific educational approach will attract a certain kind of teacher. At the charter my kids attended, teachers would either come and be gone in a year (they didn't get it), or they would become totally devoted to the cause, to the point where it would be difficult for another school to lure them away even if they tried. Moreover, charters with a clearly-defined academic approach attract a certain kind of student, and a certain kind of parent. So you're not getting a flat, level field of either teachers or students (what I call a "perfectly spherical cow"). You're getting a selective subset of both teachers and students, which will bias the results right there. You're wrong. Charter schools do NOT get to select, at least not in Minnesota (and states that allow selectiveness are being dumb). You are right, though, in that you're starting with a pool of students whose parents care enough to look for something better and take an active role in their children's education. You might have a problem with that. If so, I suggest you read Harrison Bergeron. That gets into state-by-state law. In Minnesota, all charters have lotteries (and those that can't "sell out" and completely fill their classrooms will probably have financial problems). States that allow charters to be selective are on a bad path, imho. Like public schools, charters should be required to accept any students who apply and get through the lottery. It's not just selection bias, though. Charters, having distinctive education styles, will be more appropriate for some students and less appropriate for others. The other layer of "selection bias", then, is that parents/children will be more inclined to charters that seem more suitable for their own needs. For example, in MN, we have a number of Somali-language bilingual charters for our massive Somali immigrant population. Fantastic option for Somali immigrant kids. Not so fantastic for other kids. That's not just selection bias on parental involvement, that's appropriate environment for the kids' needs. Look at it another way - charters provide involved but financially poor parents with the sort of focused alternatives formerly available only to the parents that could afford private schools. And more bluntly, I find it really frustrating that diversity is a liberal value EXCEPT when it comes to education. The real value of charters imho is diversity, not superiority. Give kids a chance to be educated in a a manner suited to their own minds and personalities, not trapped in a one-size-fits-most-but-really-sucks-for-others system. I grew up in an abusive home with parents who didn't give a shit. So did a lot of successful people. Allow the students and parents to be selective, not the schools. This supports market segmentation (a good way to look at it), but doesn't introduce actual unfairness. What you're talking about is more like the case of Abercrombie and Fitch refusing to make clothes for people that they don't find attractive size-wise. That's fine for private business, but not appropriate for publicly-funded systems like schools. It does, however, disprove yours. edit: More to the point... if I could have attended the fine charter my kids attended, I would have had a better trajectory overall. But more important than the schooling was my innate talent and determination. I'm way over on the nature end of the nature-vs-nurture scale. Bad families and bad schools make the success formula more difficult for kids, but not impossible. But if you create charter schools and DON'T allow them to choose their students (but let students choose them - the MN system), and you DON'T fund them over and above the mainstream schools (the MN system)... well, then your "social injustice" argument comes up kind of thin. The schools can't select, and the schools don't get extra resources, so any bias is entirely due to the will of parents/students to pursue alternatives, and the extra flexibility of the charters. What this DOES result in is at best marginal increases in test scores, but significantly happier parents, students, and teachers. To be fair, I think of Facebook more as a good microblogging platform than photo sharing. Unless more has changed than I expected, Flickr will still suck for that. This is relevant to my interests. As I develop my own enterprise SaaS product, my first-pass solution was to develop first as SaaS (to reduce my time to market), and later make an "enterprise" version that they could install themselves, on their own hardware, using a more traditional pricing model. I was dreading this because it sounds like a lot of work and support, but then my target market is businesses that have pretty severely broken internal processes, so they're probably backwards about pricing as well. I brought this up with a friend who works in enterprise sales and he cautioned me against it. His company did the same thing - for a while. They found it so problematic to support the "enterprise" version that it wasn't worth it, and now they're a pure SaaS play. They find it easier to solve the problem on the sales side (convince customers to go SaaS, and skip the ones that won't), than to "give the customer what they want". I suppose this is a case of choosing your customers. Software does indeed degrade over time - platform support (gee, do your Windows 3.1 apps run?), security flaws, etc. Bah. They're not "overpriced" as long as someone is willing to pay the price. Startup pricing is about as close to a frictionless transaction as we're going to see. What they're actually complaining about is that the YC companies are getting better terms from investors, thanks to PG/YC's deliberate efforts to shift the balance of power in favor of the founders. I'm not crying tears for them. They don't like the terms, they're welcome to walk away from the table. Pretty much, yeah. As organizations become larger, they become more risk-averse, which means more meetings and more approvals. So a lot of the work done in big enterprises is just either getting agreement, or chasing down information. I started my career the year my kids were born. I started my startup their freshman year of college. The years between? Corporate 9-5 jobs (technically, I'm still doing that, bootstrapping with a day job). It wasn't so much the time as the stability. I knew what my hours would be, and what my income would be. But with the kids basically adults now and able to care for themselves if needed, I feel much more free to take risks and do extensive off-hours work while ignoring them. As a plus on this, my startup idea is derived from my long career in enterprise software. It's a much more solid concept and more solid market than the sort of monetize-pictures-of-cats stuff that seems to infect young developers. I'm working on a real problem that I understand really well, for customers who have money and are willing to spend it. I'm far more likely to succeed now than I would have been 15 years ago. This is exactly the opposite of the music industry, which has been turning metal into fake rock for years. I've been in IT for ~20 years. I started in Unix systems programming, in C. in 2002, I shifted into Java/J2EE. Another decade later and I find myself shifting again, this time to modern lightweight systems (Rails, Node) and NoSQL (Neo4J). They're just languages, not that big a deal. What's more important is my ability to put problems in perspective. You're kidding, right? The end result of the 21st century will be that we will use every single gram of fossil fuel of every type (petroleum, natural gas, coal) that can be dug up for less cost than wind/solar. The more reserves we find, the more carbon winds up in the atmosphere. Environmental handwringing will be about as effective as standing in front of an oncoming train and whispering "stop, please". At best, the environmentalists will succeed in slowing fossil fuel consumption down by a decade or two before we hit the inevitable wall of it no longer being economically viable. Meanwhile, we'll slam into Hubbert's Peak at the global level some years before the dinosaur farts run out, resulting in a steep drop in energy availability and a steep increase in cost. This will send shockwaves through the global economy, and set off resource wars the likes of which we've never seen. If we're very, very smart, and very, very lucky, we won't see half the population of the Earth wiped out in resource wars and famine during this century. :( Future for how long? 10 years? 25? 50? 500? Indeed. China doesn't have the practice of actually projecting military force the way we do. On the other hand, long distance fuel transport is a highly vulnerable situation. It doesn't take much to bomb a pipeline into uselessness. I fear the odds favor localized terrorism over massive force. I think solar/wind becoming cheaper than fossil fuel substantially before the global Hubbert's Peak would fall under my "very, very lucky" clause. It's nice to hope for, and I do have my hopes up. But. :( Ah, but it WILL happen. Finite is finite.