Is that using the latest mainline kernel? Burning cds/dvds is still a very convenient and dense affordable form of offline storage for backups and/or content hoarding. SD cards are not intended for long-term archival purposes, not 10+ years. They don't go bad per se, but the data on them may not be readable after slowly discharging offline in cold storage for a decade or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_rot#In_storage My personal experience has been surprisingly good even with cheap TDK CDRs I burned in the 90s still reading just fine decades later. For especially valuable data you want to preserve for 100+ years, there are "archival quality" discs [0] [1]. [0] http://mam-a-store.com/goldcdr.html [1] https://www.mediasupply.com/mamgold.html The last 10-15 years has transformed Santa Cruz into something I barely recognize anymore. It used to be really great. Abundant free parking, a huge multistory used book store (Logos), and a house turned cozy coffee shop overflowing with college students where you could spend entire days studying/working without going broke (The Perg) and without being a jerk occupying one of the few tables at the Starbucks or Peets. The last time I went there ~2 years ago I couldn't find any free parking other than the grocery store lot, and the coffee shops were hipster cafes without outlets and overpriced everything on very limited menus. At least there's still the Red Room. I'd like to know where the students go to study now instead of The Perg. I hope they're not paying through the nose at Verve Coffee. The free parking had a significant impact on what kind of people you encountered in town. I lived in a redwood forest near the coast at the time, so what Santa Cruz offered in those areas didn't really affect me. I didn't go to Santa Cruz to see redwoods or the ocean, I went for the quirky town and to hang out around interesting people in a nearby urban center (I lived in Butano SP). I guess if you were hostile to hippies living out of their vehicles parking in town and being visible on the sidewalks and at cafes like the perg. The town has changed since then, there's a lot more traffic and yuppies everywhere. The loss of free parking is just one symptom of how the place has changed. There's a lot more people and money now. It's not like the elimination of free parking has reduced the number of cars in town, it's changed the kind of people parking there. The lots still fill up, just instead of run down vans and RVs/buses and beater student vehicles it's more nice expensive vehicles. I fully expect downtown Santa Cruz to look like downtown Burlingame in the future, complete with polished stone pavers for parking spaces. That's the trajectory they're on when I last visited. > Don't live in the redwoods it's why we have fires. And I'm not sure what you're upset about here your nature destroying frontiersman fantasy is still very much alive in Bonny Doon It wasn't illicit, the area around the park isn't well defined and there's plenty of private property out there which the park's trails run straight through. I don't know what you're talking about WRT "frontiersman fantasy", my downtown Santa Cruz complaints have absolutely no relation to a frontiersman fantasy. How long is SLC flash good for? Archival quality optical discs are marketed as having a 300+ year lifespan. I've never viewed SD cards as something appropriate for long-term offline storage, is SLC flash exceptional in this regard? I was comparing the convenience of optical to tape, which is bulky and annoying, and in my experience quite unreliable. You don't even need to personally know CA-17 commuters, just try drive CA-17 during commute hours. Over last 10-15 years it's become very congested. And this doesn't even capture the many tech folks who have the luxury of working either 100% remote or commute to the office once a week. Copious and well run state parks, CA is a really great place to spend time outdoors. The local organic produce is very good too. That's just like, your opinion, man. In my experience when doing illegal modifications the transaction is not only in cash but also 100% off the books; there's no need for POS receipt shenanigans. I'll have to give that a try, I used to use the Kiss My Face 100% olive oil bars before they shut down and were acquired, now their products are awful. I've been using this [0] as a replacement which has been good but the Laurel blend seems to dry my skin more than the straight olive oil KMF bars did. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Aleppo-Soap-Hand-made-All-Natural-12-... I'm not sure what your expectations are, but I've done a lot of hiking and camping across the USA and CA does it pretty well. Typically the fees are proportional to the facilities provided. CA often provides well maintained and regularly cleaned flush toilets and even hot showers at the state parks w/campgrounds, this is far less common in other states. CA does it so well I generally prefer camping there over staying in hotels. It's typically too much of a hassle elsewhere in the country, where KOA "campgrounds" are often the only options with such facilities. I've also done a lot of day hikes in CA state parks where there's no fee. You just park at a trail head and off you go, and these sometimes even have pit toilets at the lot, still with no fee at all. Your perspective strikes me as misinformed. > There are over 100,000 flights daily. They account for about 2.5% of CO2 emissions yearly. The generally accepted emissions weighting factor for aviation co2 emissions is ~2.6. So it's more like 6.5%, and growing fast. This doesn't strike me as sad. What really strikes me as sad is: Despite understanding how inaccessibly distant alternative potentially habitable planets are, people here on earth seem utterly incapable of living sustainably on what will very likely be the only planet their species will ever comfortably inhabit. Presumably the return policies will change once there are no more brick and mortar local mattress stores to buy from. At that point, you'll only be able to buy online, and they won't need to offer returns. You have no choice but to have something delivered, or go without a mattress (my personal preference). I mostly just sleep on an area rug with a head pillow and blankets, sleeping on anything significantly more compliant just bothers my neck and back. You can achieve very similar results with a more elaborate arrangement by going traditional Japanese style, check out tatami mats if curious. Indeed. I regularly burn around $1k/mo when living simply in a cabin on my rural California property, with property taxes under $500/yr. There's a lot of rural California. The combination of modern tech enabling comfortable and connected off-grid living and UBI opens up pretty much all of it for residence, as long as there's a grocery store accessible. I chuckled, but there are actually three road courses in the NASCAR Cup Series. > Kids have nothing to do with it. Kids do tend to consume time which may have otherwise been used for work or work-related personal development. Time is finite, it's not just a binary matter of caring vs. not caring, it's also higher priorities displacing lower ones. > I often think about that when I'm waiting for my meal in a plane, seating in row 33 or higher. Odds are my choice won't be available when they finally get to me. I can choose not to eat, but it's more likely I will end up choosing from what's available. Considering what we've come to understand about the benefits of fasting and the mediocrity of airplane food, you're probably better off skipping the meal. Obligatory Carlin on the topic of voting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIraCchPDhk Edit: American Dream chaser: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-14SllPPLxY > These things are nigh indestructible in my experience. Not in my experience. When new the plastic has enough flex to tolerate some abuse, but that doesn't last very long - especially if exposed to UV. Polypropylene does not like being exposed to direct sunlight. Most used examples I've encountered are brittle and break easily if not already cracked. They're disposable plastic garbage. The broad side needs to face the sun for optimal thermal gain, so they all end up ~parallel to one another, and ~perpendicular to the sun's rays. FWIW I've setup Raspberry Pi W cameras [0] as security and garage door opener (w/relay on GPIO) cameras for friends/family, using MotionEye [1] as the interface. I just use a cheap VPS like Vultr [2] to terminate persistent ssh tunnels from the cameras and run a self-signed https gateway into them. It's under $5/mo for the cheapest VPS option. It's a bit of work to get it set up, but nothing crazy hard if you know your way around something resembling a LAMP stack and ssh tunnels. There's no third parties integrated so you control the data and have a lot fewer privacy/safety concerns in general. If there's no wifi available, at&t offers mobile hotspot prepay service for as low as $25/mo. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3414 [1] https://github.com/ccrisan/motioneye [2] https://www.vultr.com/ I've been relying on the command= syntax of .authorized_keys to restrict what's possible, but I'm not 100% confident in that being impervious to intrusion should someone get access to the on-camera SSH tunnel private keys. Wireguard is somewhere on my mental todo list for possible replacement of these tunnels, but they do the job and SSH is going to be listening either way to admin the VPS. Not really, the best thing you can do is not expose the car to salt in the first place. I once worked on an enthusiast's classic car back in the midwest which was exceptionally clean. The owner said every time he drove it in the winter or rain, which was rarely, he would put it in the air on the lift in his garage, and spray the car from below with WD-40 he purchased by the drum. That seemed to have helped, but it's no panacea, and there's definitely rubber stuff which will be unhappy about getting WD-40 soaked regularly. Aluminum gets pretty gnarly where in contact with steel, especially when you add salt water. I'd be surprised if Tesla's fasteners and sub-assemblies were all aluminum. Source: In a former life I worked as a mechanic in the rust belt. I've had absolutely zero problems with them overheating, and that's even using them as security cameras in a desert cabin without AC, where outside ambient temps exceed 120F. The only thing I did to prepare them for that abuse was adding a small adhesive-backed aluminum heat sink [0] to the CPU. It only required some filing of the fins to fit in the tight packaging of the camera enclosure. I never attempted running them without the heat sink, knowing it was going to be a rough desert life for them. So I can't even say if it was necessary. It's also possible my software settings which are optimized to minimize wifi bandwidth and storage consumption are helping keep things cool. The `motion` process is only using around 15% CPU continuously, and the loadavg hovers around .27, FWIW. [0] https://www.adafruit.com/product/3084 Hence the word implementation accompanying experience , which was not omitted in the citation you're responding to. Neat writeup, I haven't played the game but was surprised to see so much aliasing around objects in his screenshots considering everything was on "max settings". Does TW3 predate ubiquitous use of MSAA or FXAA techniques? That rationale works for motorcycles, general aviation planes have both a dismal safety record and can destroy an entire home or crash into a sky-scraper, etc. For some reason I don't get creative and productive until the hours I should be sleeping. Throughout my teens and twenties (I'm in my 40s now) I indulged this tendency and it served me well, often staying up for multiple days without realizing it and the productivity was incredible. Since then I've become more interested in preserving/improving my health and how such behaviors may be harming it, so I try to keep a regular sleep schedule and it does seem to be better for my general well-being. The down side is, I am never anywhere near as productive as I've been in the "sleep is for the dead" mode of operating. Occasionally I'll revisit that mode to get something that's been dragging on finished, and it's always incredibly effective. I wish I understood why long waking hours seem to stimulate my mind and coerce myself into the deep flow state. Colleagues have recommended I try Adderall in the past to enter that mode at-will with a pill, but I've always been averse to becoming dependent on a pharmaceutical to do something I can already do naturally. I wonder what's more harmful to self: regular sleep deprivation or consumption of amphetamines in the daytime? No, I would stay up for 2-3 days straight and it'd end with just a longish ~12 hour sleep, often leaving me with a sleep cycle randomly out of phase with the rest of the world to boot. The stuff I've read about sleep being when your brain bathes itself in spinal fluid convinced me this was probably not a good long-term strategy for preserving cognitive health. If it's an existential thing, and, judging from your description, perhaps a hint of paranoia, then I'd be a bit optimistic about overcoming it with either some regular meditation/mindful introspection or maybe therapy. It'd be nice if we understood the actual causes of things like dementia and alzheimers so we could make better informed decisions regarding behaviors like sleep deprivation. Even if we couldn't cure those conditions, just understanding something like "it's 50% more likely you'll lose your mind if you don't sleep 8 hours most nights" would be super useful. Yikes, I had no idea Tesla's kool-aid was so effective. It seems like there should already be an industry term for this, it's like the autonomous systems version of the "uncanny valley" [0]. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncanny_valley > I've noticed myself able to sometimes get some huge breakthroughs in the late night hours. My personal theory on this is that something dream-associated is still switching on from a purely hours-awake scheduled mechanism. Dreams are inherently creative and cerebral, and it feels like I'm just tapping into some of that by staying up late and working while my brain is wearing pajamas. I don't know if you've ever dabbled with more extreme forms of sleep deprivation, but at a certain point, in my experience, a full-on wakeful dreaming state is entered where fully featured dreams are playing in the visual field while the eyes are still open. The brain definitely has the ability to essentially dream while awake. Experiencing those things made me start suspecting sleep deprivation was a way to tap into the dream world for productivity/creativity/focus advantages. The anecdote implies the person may not even be homeless, they just appear homeless and crippled as a means of earning income, it's literally their career. When I worked in "the loop" of downtown Chicago I'd walk a mile or so from where I parked my motorcycle to the office @ 1 N. State. Every day I walked past the same people pan-handling on the same corners. Many had signs with invented stories to try garner pity from suckers, stuff that was obviously fictional to anyone who had been walking past these people every business day for years , like "Stranded traveler, need money for bus fare" kind of stuff. One day it became clear why some stuck with the stranded traveler story; it enabled them to wear normal, even classy high-end clothing, and not even have to be dirty-looking. On that day as I walked past a woman doing this I noticed she was wearing a new pair of some exceptionally fancy shoes, and the price tag sticker was still visible on the sole: $499. On another occasion, I recognized one of these people but off-duty, crouched against the exterior wall of Sears trying to light a cigarette with a match, with their wheeled suitcase parked between themself and the wall. It was windy (Chicago) and I had a lighter, so I went over to help them with a light and as I got close enough to reach their cigarette I saw inside their "stranded traveler" prop suitcase they had left open: it appeared to be full of cash. Another pro for the stranded traveler gimmick: it gives you reason to have a suitcase to hide the sizable stash. These folks probably weren't homeless, they just earned an easy living by acting like they were in a relatable bind of a situation to fellow tourists in a busy city. I got to know someone who lived homelessly for a few years on the streets of Chicago, and he said real homeless people in Chicago are easily identified by their clothes and possessions being bleach-stained. Apparently the municipal crews would spray down the encampments on lower wacker where they'd stay warm through winter, without warning. So people who slept down there would have all their possessions/clothing ruined by the bleach. This was decades ago, I don't know if it's still applicable. I read in a news article that people were catching it again after recovering, IIRC it was in reference to medical professionals working in China. And apparently it can survive on a stainless steel surface for 36 hours. [0] Also from [0] however: "Sunlight will cut the virus ability to grow in half so the half-life will be 2.5 minutes and in the dark it’s about 13m to 20m. Sunlight is really good at killing viruses. That’s why I believe that Australia and the southern hemisphere will not see any great infections rates because they have lots of sunlight and they are in the middle of summer. And Wuhan and Beijing is still cold which is why there’s high infection rates. In regards to temperature, the virus can remain intact at 4 degrees or 10 degrees for a longer period of time. But at 30 degrees then you get inactivation. And High humidity the virus doesn’t like it either. That’s why I think Sars stopped around May and June in 2003 – that’s when there’s more sunlight and more humidity. The environment is a crucial factor. The environment will be unfavourable for growth around May. The evidence is to look at the common cold – it’s always during winter. So the natural environment will not be favourable in Asia in about May." I believe this is the main reason May is the deadline for containment. [0] https://www.fwdeveryone.com/t/puzmZFQGRTiiquwLa6tT-g/confere... > When I was in a mild emergency one thing the experts did that stood out to me was forcing us all to take a break and cook a warm meal. It made a significant difference to perceived energy level and judgement, even if it wasn't strictly necessary. It does wonders for morale, otherwise it's really not that necessary unless you're running exceptionally low in the adipose department to begin with. > all sugar as fat and protein prevent hunger from subsiding I think you've got that inverted. People easing into intermittent fasting are often recommended they start with keto to get fat-as-fuel adapted and begin their intermittent fasts with a few days of keto for the very reason that it gets through the hunger pangs while still being able to eat, just avoiding carbs. > I personally perceived a benefit to focus, concentration, and problem solving People often describe the same things about ketogenic diets and fasting, which are both fat burning modes. The issue is if you only get into the flux state where you're in between modes. That's where you're hangry, irritable, and can't focus because all you can think about is your hunger. In that condition feeding restores normal operation, and can seem like the only path to recovery. But it actually passes eventually, and what happens afterwards seems kind of remarkable if you've never done it before. Water is a different story, but food is really quite optional until the fat buffers start experiencing underruns and your muscles start getting cannibalized, then you're starting to get into trouble. We've evolved to not just struggle through periods of food scarcity, we actually perform well and can be surprisingly athletic without food. It makes sense to me, since when we're without food we need to be on our game and go find some or eventually we'd die. When fasting, for me anyways, it really feels like a keyed-up high-alert almost stimulated mode of operating. I've gone on long hikes and runs after not eating for multiple days, it's kind of preferable now so I don't have to carry any food and it's more pleasant to do physical activities with an empty abdomen. Edit: Above where I wrote "feeding restores normal operation", I'm assuming that "normal operation" isn't a ketogenic diet, and feeding includes carbs. People already in ketosis don't go through this suffering phase when starting a fast, because it already happened when they ceased consuming carbs. Or mosquitoes and the malaria they spread... Malaria was responsible 405,000 deaths globally in 2018 according to [0]. [0] https://www.who.int/news-room/feature-stories/detail/world-m... Entire families don't die from mild chest colds without hospital care. The parent mentioned Zika, any such list including Zika would be incomplete without Malaria as well. I agree that covid-19 seems to have a larger potential breadth, and didn't intend to downplay its significance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-meter > I'm try trying to replicate some things I see in the GNOME settings app already, but I can't quite get it. Just grab the source for the settings app to see how it's done. I don't think the core gnome/gtk folks have historically made use of glade, though maybe that's changing. C is the native language because it's the lowest common denominator, not necessarily because they want everyone writing their front-end applications in C. It's simply something that works everywhere and can easily have performant and ergonomic bindings for $your-favorite-language. They're adorable as far as rodents go, but I've had to kill my share of them for similarly refusing to leave my automobiles alone. If you're resorting to killing them, I've found a 5-gallon bucket half filled with water containing a small bait-carrying raft to be quite effective. I just leave a 2x4 ramp to the bucket edge, they jump in for the food, the raft immediately sinks, and the walls are too high for escape. Slowing down its spread matters . A company working remotely while its workers eventually contract the virus piecemeal on a presumably much slower and staggered schedule is far better than having your entire offices out sick wholesale for weeks. Not to mention it's better for society and our health system in general to slow the spread. Or maybe a lot of people riding public transit are realizing they really miss their cars right about now, which isn't so great for the planet. Compared to what? Making such a comparison is non-trivial; does any highly developed western democracy share China's population size and density? I'm more curious about how this will affect India, where the population situation is more similar to China's. I haven't seen any mention of the virus there in the news, yet. > right now I am trying to learn that humans will never learn from history. I vaguely remember somebody mentioning that to me in the past, but I dismissed it as a nonsense. Perhaps it was in reference to the famous Aldous Huxley quote: “That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.” X definitely has screen tearing, otherwise we wouldn't have the Present extension. Core Xlib is entirely ignorant of vsync or anything relating to completed frames. It's an immediate mode rendering model in that everything you draw just gets thrown on-screen by the display server whenever. Compositors were then bolted on w/redirect and damage extensions and basically randomly snapshot the client window contents before compositing a desktop frame, within that snapshot you can easily have tearing of half-drawn updates. Further extensions and hacks have tried to fix this like Present and frame clocks from the gtk/gnome folks, but it's all opt-in by X clients and non-uniformly supported by compositing WMs or not at all in classical non-compositing WMs where the X server just draws things directly on-screen as the protocol requests arrive from clients. Everything I just described is implemented in userspace at the X protocol level. You clearly don't know what you're talking about. The XDBE [0] extension attempted to add this, but I don't think anything actually implements it. (see edit) I tried using it over a decade ago on XOrg and it didn't seem to do anything useful... [0] https://www.x.org/releases/X11R7.6/doc/libXext/dbelib.html Edit: It's definitely there in the Xorg xserver [1]. My memory is fuzzy as it was a long time ago but I distinctly remember wasting a day trying to use this extension and becoming frustrated with its ineffectiveness. Maybe it was just for lack of any vsync mechanism to schedule the swap? [1] https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/xorg/xserver/-/tree/master/db... It can be really brutal. One of my earlier startups had multiple acquisition offers which would have made all the shareholder employees quite happy, but since the offers wouldn't have moved the wealth needle of the already wealthy founders by an order of magnitude, they turned them all down. Years later and $100m+ of VC money burned the place went bankrupt and I now have some very expensive toilet paper in a folder somewhere. Is that really true when modern American battles seem to always evolve into endless occupations? > Most programmers are complexity junkies getting paid to feed their habit. Maybe more so today, but historically I've come to appreciate programmers as megalomaniacal control freaks - myself included, which programming allows them to exercise within the harmless confines of an imaginary world hosted by microprocessors and the attached storage. It has been evolving though. Computers became networked, now software controls much of the real world, it's far less harmless than before. We also used to strive for minimizing complexity, I'm not sure how much of that was intentional or just a consequence of limited space while RAM was so expensive. There's probably some level of acknowledgement that there will always be a subset of repairs requiring the dealer's expertise and tooling. Especially as the machines keep getting more complex. So you will still buy the locally supported brand. Bandwidth is finite. It really depends on the style of rural living we're talking about. In my poor rural neighborhood most people simply consume substantially less than the average urbanite, and they reuse as much as possible. Since everyone has a lot of space, they tend to keep everything around and repair stuff, make things from disused junk, repurpose materials from disused/broken structures, etc. I've never lived in an urban setting where storage space was so readily available and eyesore messes tolerated that everyone could practice such extreme levels of reuse. I don't even have garbage service at my place. My urban experiences have been exercises in rampant waste and consumerism. There are folks who live an urbanite high-consumption lifestyle rurally, and those people are definitely burning a lot of energy getting everything brought to them continuously. But that seems to be the exception around me at least; those households stand out like a sore thumb, with a UPS truck visiting every day. > People living in single-family houses and driving everywhere consume much more resources per person than those living in high-rise apartments and taking public transportation or walking. Neither of those fall into what I'd consider a rural "homesteading" scenario. In my experience rural living conditions involve such an inconvenient drive to town that you make shopping lists and coalesce needs for the infrequent trip. It's necessarily a bulk-mode operation with substantially improved efficiency over what you're describing which strikes me as the typical suburban American home. Of course if rural folks are commuting to a city by car every day for work, it's not great. If you're going to reference the criticism you should really include Walker's response as well: https://sleepdiplomat.wordpress.com/2019/12/19/why-we-sleep-... I imagine it'd be fine for a single use even holding the thing if it's a low-power bird-shot shell. Frankly I'm surprised by all the comments here dismissing the practicality of the plastic pipe gun. Sure, there's risk of it potentially failing, but the whole scenario is implicitly a pretty desperate situation where someone's constructing a single-use firearm on a budget near zero. Safety and reliability aren't going to be the top priorities. It wouldn't surprise me if you were able to fire a smaller caliber slug from PVC simply by sizing the barrel larger than the slug so there's not a good seal containing the pressure. Sure you'll lose muzzle velocity and accuracy, but for an up-close weapon it can still be lethal while reducing the explosion risks. Anyone who's played with class-c fireworks like mortars will know that even a thin cardboard tube can be both safe and reusable in launching loose-fitting projectiles with black powder. The powder I removed from .357 bullets and mortars as a pyromaniac kid was pretty damn similar, almost identical looking in grain size and flame speed when burned in open air. Nice, ~1000lbs of sand in the back of an elantra gt must put it on the bump stops, no? I made a roof rack for my miata which attaches to the roll bar and windshield frame like the convertible top, it enables moving 4x8 sheets of plywood/drywall. I even moved a 305 gallon cistern using the setup without trouble, and a dozen 4x6x12' beams of douglas fir. > Miata Is Always The Answer It really is http://pengaru.com/~vc/tmp/tank1.jpg I agree that the police work and charges appear to be pretty flimsy, based on what I read in the linked articles throughout this thread. But that's all orthogonal to the feasibility of such a gun. I only saw one photo of the thing which didn't show any of the interior details at all. I'm assuming the police at least scrutinized it enough to determine it was indeed an improvised gun, i.e. verified some kind of firing pin mechanism. As for its diameter, I don't know why you're assuming there's not a coaxial arrangement going on here. Did you see photos showing details I didn't see? URL please if so. > IMHO, that's all you really need to know about X-Windows. That there was at least one poor, misleadingly titled book about MOTIF? I've had many X-related textbooks over the years, and frankly the documentation was exceptionally good and felt like a total waste on something as byzantine as X. They're pretty close according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insulin_index "White pasta" 40 ±5 vs. "Beef" 51 ±16 > As a productivity drug, amphetamines far outclass psychedelics. They're not mutually exclusive, I'm sure there's significant overlap between the adderall and microdosing crowds. I've dabbled with that approach but it's really miserable having a 1-2 day migraine every few days. "asking for the rules to be suspended during the outbreak to prevent further environmental and economic damage" It's not like having those planes full of people results in less environmental damage. We're just trying to slow the spread so not all the vulnerable population - there's a large number, end up in the hospital simultaneously. If that happens, then everyone is more likely to die when they need the hospital for unrelated reasons and can't get treated because its doors are shut. You may be young and healthy and not be concerned, but if you're spreading it around carelessly you're facilitating the nightmare scenario of a collapsing healthcare system. Does that seem likely to you when the impetus for not flying is the coronavirus? I believe it's more nuanced than that. When you're a billionaire you're probably very diversified, and such foundations can serve as convenient vehicles for shuttling money between interests while giving a tax advantage and buying social favor, and who knows, you might manage to actually help some people along the way. Hypothetical example: Gates sits on the board of the medical company producing covid test kits and holds a large stake. So he directs his foundation to buy huge quantities of the kits and give them away. Gets a number of birds stoned at once. TIL a hypothetical example equates an accusation. Not trying to be cold-hearted about it, but if the virus ultimately kills off a lot of sick/edlerly people, wouldn't the aftermath of that be a boon for the economy? > Maybe, but at best this means... buying a few more things, taking a few more trips. I can think of some better effects than that. How about a bunch of California homes coming on the market and collecting property taxes proportional to their current value for the first time in decades? Same, I find it very effective for cleaning/degreasing parts without bringing real degreasers/soaps/water into the picture. It's also really useful for spraying down bicycle/motorcycle chains after they get wet to prevent rusting. But it does require some fresh lube after things dry off. > it almost feels like Trump has some secret weapons ready to save the day. You would think that, since most of the leaders are in a high risk demographic and spend large chunk of their time shaking hands with strangers, they would be more vigilant He's behaving entirely consistently with how he always has: deny everything, project perfection. There's no signal here of a secret weapon, it's a complete shit show. I don't know why you're being downvoted, you make a valid point. Do you mean in general routine maintenance or for when it's exposed to water? "there's no point for democracy when ignorance is celebrated" - NOFX The whole song is disturbingly accurate/prophetic. https://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/nofx/idiotsaretakingover.htm... I'm completely unsurprised by what you're describing. I observed similarly disturbing behavior waiting in line @ Home Depot the other day. A customer was excited to find they had hand sanitizer in stock, and another customer told him there's a whole aisle full of the stuff and that all the covid stuff is fake news which devolved into nonsensical madness between yokels I had to just walk away from. Of course our Home Depot had some in stock, we're in rural bumblefuck middle of nowhere. Our stores only run out of things when the employees forget to do their jobs. also https://www.zdnet.com/article/intel-cpus-vulnerable-to-new-l... HP's legacy runs deep in the valley, it's not unique to Jobs at all. It's shocking how far HP has fallen from its illustrious past. > There really is a sweet spot in most people's disposable income and on-road costs and range anxiety (also a highly irrational place btw) which is just around the corner I often jump at the opportunity to talk EVs with common folks who aren't car enthusiasts but do own/operate automobiles. What I've come to appreciate is that range anxiety isn't even the primary anxiety anymore. There's enough EVs out in the wild and just general evidence of their being usable as daily drivers that it seems to be a thing of the past. What does seem to be a major source of anxiety is battery lifetime and serviceability/cost. And I think that's a perfectly rational thing. Consider what most people experience with laptops and smartphones when it comes to modern rechargeable battery technology. They swell up, they catch fire, they lose capacity, they're not even standardized on EVs so you're locked into a specific vendor, it might not even be made by the OEM anymore so you're stuck with shoddy reverse-engineered replacements (classic thinkpad owners know this experience all to well). With volatile companies like Tesla you can't even be confident they'll still be around to service the electrics/battery in 5-10 years. What I wish companies like Tesla would do is define some standard form factors for things like batteries, motors, motor controllers, and charge systems. If they'd just get things to where EVs are very much like oversized electric RC vehicles, where we can buy the vehicles potentially without any battery at all with a competitive market of battery vendors to choose from fulfilling requirements of an open standard, a lot of these sources of anxiety completely vanish. Imagine a world where you could have a Tesla delivered to your local mechanic without a motor, motor controller, or battery. It's a roller conforming to a set of standards for those components. Then you buy those to your liking from whatever vendors you prefer in the size/capacities/costs you prefer. I'm pretty confident such a situation would have EV adoption explode everywhere, nobody would be worried about having an unmaintainable rube goldberg machine of proprietary electronics collecting dust on their driveway in 10 years. Their March-April visualization shows Italy as being outside of the predicted at-risk zone. It's March 10th and Italy just announced a nation-wide quarantine, how does this square with the model as predicted? Is it just too early to see? Will we know by April if this model is useless if Italy continues to have covid-19 spreading? > Suburbs are the best place to be. I'm pretty sure I'd rather be homesteading off-grid in a remote wilderness or on a sailboat than in an average American suburb through all this. Because that's what happens in the aftermath of a scarcity event; all those people who were hung out to dry don't push harder for more in the future, and those who had it all decide to take less. This strikes me as child-level naivete. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_African_Ebola_virus_ep... I don't think it requires any more than an indifference towards the welfare of others from those who believe they can afford any kind of healthcare they would ever need while simultaneously pursuing a minimal tax bill. It does seem kind of karmic through the lens of NIMBY older folks have been making it impossible for younger generations to buy/build homes near them, and now they want the young whipper snappers to care about their welfare. Maybe the best way to become a home owner in SF in the near future is to run around infecting everyone there ASAP. (In case it's not obvious, I'm mostly kidding)