Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout. I just started with my website and did a crawl. Subsequently I've been seeding it with the best results form my previous crawls. It's a directed search so it doesn't seem to need a particularly solid seed to get decent results. Yeah it's hosted by cloudflare. I'm currently IP-blocking them, as because they keep prompting my crawler with a captcha, presumably because it's made millions of requests from their CDN. Some rigmarole getting recognized as a good bot by the CDNs. I've submitted a request fairly recently, but haven't heard back from them yet. Like I would like to be on good terms with them, and other websites that block small independent crawlers. I can't blame them though, there's a lot of bad bots out there. But I'm doing my best not be part of the problem. Yeah I did some work very recently aimed at improving the relevance a bit. It was a bit too random in the state it was before. Now it, perhaps, isn't random enough anymore. If Google starts showing interesting text-heavy links instead of vapid listicles and storefronts, I have accomplished everything I ever could dream of. Javascript tags are penalized the hardest, but it also takes into consideration density of text per HTML. There's also some adjustments based on text length, which words occur in the page, etc. It really depends on what you search for. A major drawback is that there needs to be text-heavy sites to find, in order for the search engine to find them. Compare for example the results for "Duke Nukem 3D" with those for "Cyberpunk 2077". It's pretty much all bespoke. I use external libraries for parsing HTML (JSoup) and robots.txt; but that's about it. The real test is in now, index server is reconstructing its index. It does this every 6 hours if there is new pages. Takes half an hour or so usually. It's supposed to be able to handle searches at the same time, but jeepers, it's gonna have to chew through nearly 400 Gb of data while dealing with over 1 request per second. Yeah there was unfortunately a problem with the content-type code recently, it unfortunately categorized some binary data as HTML and tried to process it best-effort. So there's some binary soup in the index. The bug has since been fixed, but it won't come into effect in a few weeks. I guess it's a matter of taste. I can barely read anything on regular wikipedia because the inline links disrupt my flow. The spelling suggestions are presented whenever there isn't any results, but sometimes they can be pretty misleading. What happens is that C, as a word, isn't indexed because it's deemed too short, and the bigram "c strtok" can't be found anywhere. Try 'strtok' instead. I'm self-hosting, and the server is a Ryzen 7 3900x with 128 Gb of non-ECC RAM. It sits in my living room next to a cheap UPS. I did snag one of the last remaining Optane 900Ps off Amazon, and it powers the index and the database--and I really do think this is among the best hardware choices for this use case. But beyond that it's really nothing special, hardware-wise. Like it's less than a month's salary. It runs Debian, and all the services run bare metal with zero containerization. Modern consumer hardware can be absurdly powerful if you let it. Like I have no doubt a thousand engineers could spend a hundred times as much time building a search engine that did pretty much the same thing mine does, it would require a full data center to stay running and be much slower. But that's just a cost of large scale software development I don't have to pay as a solo developer with no deadline, no planning and a shoestring budget. The search engine doesn't actually do full text search, so maybe your query was too... unique. But do first of all verify that you haven't been hacked. There's about quarter of a million domains I've flagged that, besides their wordpress content, also host a ton of link spam crap off in some hidden folder. This reflects on the quality rating extremely negatively to the point where you may have not been indexed at all. Secondly, are you behind cloudflare or some other big-name CDN? Because, as I mentioned in another comment, I can't crawl their pages without getting captchad until they approve of my humble request to be classified as a good bot. There are some other hosting providers I flat out block on a subnet level because they host a large amount of link farms. This is currently Alibaba, Psychz, eSited, Cloud Yuqu and 1Blu. Hmm, which OS? I only have a single Android phone so I've only fixed the CSS for that. Well just crunching the numbers should indicate what is possible and what isn't. For the moment I have just south of 20 million URLs indexed. 1 x 20 million bytes = 20 Mb. 10 x 20 million bytes = 200 Mb. 100 x 20 million bytes = 2 Gb. 1,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Gb. 10,000 x 20 million bytes = 200 Gb. 100,000 x 20 million bytes = 2 Tb. 1,000,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Tb. This is still within what consumer hardware can deal with. It's getting expensive, but you don't need a datacenter to store 20 Tb worth of data. How many bytes do you need, per document, for an index? Do you need 1 Mb of data to store index information about a page that, in terms of text alone, is perhaps 10 Kb? Yeah I think the charset detection needs work. It understands the "Content-type: text/html;charset=utf-8" -header, and but not It turns out HTML has a lot of corner cases. I'm constantly marveling at how web browsers hold together as well as they do. The search engine doesn't do any type of re-ordering or synonym stuff, it only tires to construct different N-grams from the search query. So if you for example compare "SDL tutorial" with "SDL tutorials". On google you'd get the same stuff, this search engine, for better or worse doesn't. This is a design decision, for now anyway, mostly because I'm incredibly annoyed when algorithms are second-guessing me. On the other hand, it does mean you sometimes have to try different searches to get relevant results. Haha! I did actually assume UTF-8 at first, but being a search engine has a lot of older websites, I sadly got a lot of encoding errors doing that, too. Try a query on the form site:www.example.com ;-) I might add a donate button or something if people want to help support the project, hardware isn't cheap and all. But I have a job and decent income. I think if this search engine became the way I earned money, it would influence the project in a bad way, and corrupt its purpose, which is to help people explore the less-commercial internet. What are you searching for when you enter the query "dog", keeping in mind the search engine deliberately does not examine synonyms or and deliberately seeks out the path less taken? Dog facts? Then search "dog facts" Famous dogs? Then search "famous dogs" Rappers? Try "snoop dogg" It tries. Dunno, I prefer to use as neutral or positive terminology even when I talk about things I don't like. I think it very easily comes off as juvenile ranting when you start throwing around terms with strong negative connotations. Part of what I wanted to show with this project is that there is no such thing as an objective search engine. Even seemingly irrelevant technological decisions drastically impact the narrative. I have something of a blog here, with an Atom feed. https://memex.marginalia.nu/log/ It's not very well optimized for mobile, really it's more of a bridge for my geminispace content. Right, but that is still a technical decision on their side. They presumably don't sit down and have a meeting about what world view they should present. Well I hope they don't. I felt I needed to add it to help people taught by other search engines that they only get 1-2 good results, and the rest is useless. The reason I'm providing a hundred results is that there are often a lot of results to choose from. If the point is to find something unexpected, and that indeed is the entire point, then that is the only sane design choice. Like you search for something on Google and similar, and you know what you are going to find. They are so good at searching the Internet and predicting what you are going to click on that you never see something new. It's a great feat of engineering, but a huge tragedy, because discovering new things, outside of what you our your demographic has previously demonstrated an interest in, it can be absolutely life changing. The excerpts are static and very best effort. You just have to visit the website and find out I'm afraid. I can do a lot with what I have, but I can't do full text search on millions of documents with dynamic excerpts off a single computer in my living room. Looks like that page just has an absurd amount of keywords. Those sometimes surface when there isn't any good results. Haven't found a foolproof detection method that doesn't unjustly punish innocent pages with large amounts of content. Understand that this is something I built for myself, by myself, so it focuses on languages I understand. It hosted on a single consumer grade computer in my living room. I built it out of pocket and anyone is free to use it. Does this make me a villain? If I can do this, what's preventing some guy in Japan or India or Peru from doing the same, of course focusing on their languages? It is very much a work in progress, still struggling with some areas. I only really got into the territory of "sometimes actually useful" like this weekend. Wasn't planning on blowing up on HN just yet. Again it's a one man hobby project, I don't have a team of people to go through every formulation and every error message to ensure nobody can read them in a way that offends them. It's just me, writing code on an unfinished project that HN discovered. In this case, the code doesn't match the word regexp, like it may be a @TwitterHandle or a "comp.lang.c" with periods in it, or an unsupported Unicode range. It doesn't know why it is not matching, just that it doesn't. I am the first to admit it's a pretty dated reference. Fair point, I refined the phrasing a bit. > The term "𓀀" contains characters that are not currently supported Yeah I wasn't really planning for this to blow up like it did today. It's currently sitting at about 35% of the index size I usually aim for, so besides the stuff I can't index because it's behind CDNs, there's a lot of pages it just hasn't gotten to yet. playwright.dev is pretty low on the priority list because it has a metric crap-ton of javascript on its front page. The crawler has visited it, looked at it, and put it very far down the priority queue. I implemented calculations because easily 80% of my google queries are calculations, unit conversions, etc. Search functionality is larger priority. Calculations and unit conversions were an afternoon's break from the search functionality :-) Vanilla HTTP should be fine. I think 80% of the urls are HTTP. If you're getting no such domain, it's either blocked because it looks too much like a spam domain, or it simply hasn't been discovered yet. What's the TLD? I severely restrict some cheaper TLDs because they gave so much spam. For example, cr.yp.to is an example of a baby I know I've definitely thrown out with the bathwater. I've rephrased the wording for that one a bit. I think you need to approach it more like grep than google. It's a forgotten art, dealing with this type of dumb search engine. Like if you search for "How do I make a steak", you aren't going to get very good results. But a better query is "Steak Recipe", as that is at least a conceivable H1-tag. This just isn't the place to go for promotional materials about upcoming video games. It's a niche search engine for discovering stuff off the beaten path, the stuff you can't find on mainstream search engines. Some of it is junk, admittedly, and not everyone will see the point, that's fine too. Despite what some people seem to think, it's never been meant as a google-replacement. I have never claimed otherwise. It doesn't look at what the javascript does, just how much there is. The trick is that the list of URLs for each word already is in the URLs file. The URLs in a range are sorted. A sorted list (or list-range) forms an implicit set-like data structure, where you can do binary searches to test for existence. Consider a words file with two words, "hello" and "world", corresponding to the ranges (0,3), (3,6). The URLs file contains URLs 1, 5, 7, 2, 5, 8. The first range corresponds to the URLs 1, 5, 7; and the second 2, 5, 8. If you search for hello world, it will first pick a range, the range for "hello", let's say (1,5,7); and then do binary searches in the second range -- the range corresponding to "world" -- (2,5,8) to find the overlap. This seems like it would be very slow, but since you can trivially find the size of the ranges, it's possible to always do them in an order of increasing range-sizes. 10 x log(100000) is a lot smaller than 100000 x log(10) Yeah this is actually a bit of a concern of mine. As very much a friend of Voltaire's, I don't think it's my place to police people's opinions no matter how disagreeable, but I also don't want my search engine to become branded as the search engine of choice for nazis because it's decent at cataloguing extremist sites. Huh. That's an interesting case you've found. I think part of the problem is gold sellers were displacing all the good results. I blocked a few of them and got a few more relevant results, but it's not great. But still, the search engine only finds two great hits. I wonder why not. Maybe there just aren't that many runescape pages around still? Or it may just be that it hasn't found anything better yet. The index is pretty shallow right now, only 20M URLs, I aim for more than double. I honestly wasn't planning on this blowing up on HN at this stage. Curious, I haven't touched the stylesheets. > How are you able to keep the site running after HN kiss of death? I originally targeted a Raspberry Pi4-cluster. It was only able to deal with about 200k pages at that stage, but it did shape the design in a way that makes very thrifty use of the available hardware. My day job is also developing this sort of highly performance java applications, I guess it helps. > What is your stack, elastic search or something simper? It's a custom index engine I built for this. I do use mariadb for some ancillary data and to support the crawler, but it's only doing trivial queries. > How did you crawl so many websites for a project this size? It's not that hard. Like it seems like it would be, and there certainly is an insane number of edge cases, but if you just keep tinkering you can easily crawl dozens of pages per second even on modest hardware (of course distributed across different domains). > Did you use any APIs like duck duck go or data from other search engines? Nope, it's all me. > Are you still incorporating something like PageRank to ensure good results are prioritized or is it just the text-based-ness factor? I'm using a somewhat convoluted algorithm that takes into consideration the text-based-ness of the page, but also how many incoming links the domain has, but it's a weighted value that factors in the text-based-ness of the origin domains. It would be interesting to try a page rank-style approach, but my thinking is that because it's the algorithm, it's also the algorithm everyone is trying to game. Hosting is actually surprisingly cheap, but that's because I'm hosting it on consumer hardware in my living room, off my domestic broadband connection. That's both a blessing and a curse. It works okay as long as I don't touch it, but I can't do maintenance without shutting it down. I can't implement crawler changes without a week of shitty results as it needs to visit half the Internet before it gets decently good. I can only afford a production machine, so all testing that can't be done with unit tests gets done there. Anyway I added a patreon in case anyone wants to toss a coin. If you want mormons in positive light, you should search for "latter-day saints", as that's how they typically brand themselves. jw.org is on the indexing list, just pretty far down, based on the fact that previous times it's been visited it's had ton of javascript. I don't have an axe to grind with fringe religious movements, I actually love them to bits. Try searching for Nag Hammadi or Hermes Trismegistos. Just my (swedish) personal website. The first iteration of the search engine was probably mainly seeded by these links: https://www.marginalia.nu/00-l%C3%A4nkar/ But I've since expanded my websites, so now I think these play a decent role in later iterations, although they are virtually all of them pages I've found eating my own dogfood: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/fragments-old-web.gmi https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi It's hard to give numbers, it doesn't seem to be very many, but losing out on a few key sites does make a pretty big impact. You see stuff like this sometimes, makes me a bit sad. https://linux.die.net/robots.txt Specialization mostly a problem in monocultures. If you almost only plant wheat, you are going to end up with one hell of a pest problem. If you almost only have Windows XP, you are going to have one hell of a virus problem. If you almost only have SearchRank-style search engines (or just the one), you are going to have one hell of a content spam problem. Even though they have some pretty dodgy incentives, I don't think google suffers quality problems because they are evil, I think ultimately they suffer because they're so dominant. Whatever they do, the spammers adapt almost instantly. A diverse ecosystem on the other hand limits the viability of specialization by its very nature. If one actor is attacked, it shrinks and that reduces the opportunity for attacking it. It's been added a few moments ago :-) Thanks everyone who suggested this. Honestly it's probably not a great source for medical advice. At least take what you read with a healthy grain of salt. I just got it working reasonably well just this week. I've had it "working" for a few months, but the results were always extremely chaotic, bordering on random. Yeah my main site is a bit of a disorderly mess. It started as a Swedish blog, but I've since added a few services aimed at a global audience. Haven't quite figured out how to unify it all just yet. The index is tiny, not even a terabyte. Right now it's a few hundred gigabytes for ~20 million URLs. But it's stored in an extremely dense binary format. Honestly you may just want to roll your own solution for storing a ton of files. If you don't need a general-purpose filesystem, but an append-only archive with extra metadata, then you can cut a lot of corners. Like if you have a file system that is fixed-size and append-only, you can build it in a way no off-the-shelf stuff can. This line of thinking is a large part of why my index is so small and fast. I have a lot of special built data-structures that are built for their exact use case. Like a fixed size append-only hash map that uses mapped memory and can in theory be larger than the system memory. Very good for a search engine, absolutely useless almost everywhere else. I added a patron, and huh, a few people are actually donating. I don't really know what to say. Thanks! Hmm, not sure what caused it to end up there, but I removed it from the blacklist. It still doesn't seem to want to index the domain however, probably CDN-related. I added it now, but it turns out it's behind a CDN so I still can't crawl it. > We have designed Google to be scalable in the near term to a goal of 100 million web pages Funny, that's about where I see my search engine capping out as well. Yeah, that's a large part of what I'm trying to accomplish. Great to see others understand as well. Huh. I've gone through the logs, and at most I got about 2 search queries per second as a sustained load over several hours. It's calmed down to about 0.5-1 QPS now. This is ignoring other page loads. Not bad, if I do say so myself. Do I wonder how much cookies play into it. Sure I have small page loads and reasonably optimized code, but I also don't use any cookies. I'd imagine having to keep track of upwards of a million session objects would be a struggle for almost any web server. Yeah it's probably not the most complete dictionary. I'm using Wiktionary-data. There might be the occasional gaps and vandalism. I'm curious what you searched for. https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=harry+potter+fanfi... This seems to return a pretty decent number of sites relating to that (as well as some sites not relating to that). The search engine isn't always great at knowing what a page is about, unfortunately. This seemed to return mostly relevant results https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=%22harry+potter%22... I've mostly added these converters and frills because I'm trying to eat my own dogfood, and google is deeply engrained as my go-to source for unit conversions and back-of-envelope calculations. Don't worry, this stuff is easy, and doesn't even remotely take away from the work on the harder problems. It's custom java code, for the most part. I'm using mariadb for some ancillary information, but the index and the crawler and everything is written from scratch. It's hosted on my consumer-equipment server (Ryzen 3900x, 128Gb ram, Optane 900p+a few IronWolf drives), bare bones on Debian. I've added a patreon, and a few people have hopped onboard. I'm honestly a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. It's built from scratch. I'm doing the crawling and indexing. Look through my comments and you'll find a few outlines of the stack and the index design. Here are my blog entries relating to this: https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi Yeah I think you typically have the most interesting results searching for older topics. I've posted a few comments outlining the tech, check my profile. It's also outlined some details in my blog if you dig around a bit, there's no real comprehensive overview, just bits and pieces though. https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi It shouldn't give you more than three per domain on paper, but I've got issues with deduplication so sometimes you get six :-( Still a lot of work needs to be done. The benchmark clearly must depend on the purpose of the search engine, though. If the purpose is to find a thing you know is out there, but haven't been arsed to bookmark, then my search engine is hot garbage. If the purpose is to provide links you will find interesting when you click on them, my search engine really actually has its moments. I guess it's almost closer to old reddit, before it was overtaken by astroturfing and bots. I think the small web and gemini protocol might be up your alley too, if you feel this way about the Internet. I'm still a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. I wasn't even planning to launch this, not like this, there's so much that needs to be fixed to get it working good, so much jank and so many weird limitatons. It's quietly been online for a few months. But it's not really worked all that well except in rare cases. Then I fixed a few issues and implemented some improvements, and it was really just last weekend that I was struck by the sense that it actually was coming together into something really viable, and then... this happened. I've gotten so many positive comments about this project, a large number of emails and I haven't had the time to get back to half the people who wrote, even people donating money to support it. I half thought I becoming the next TempleOS-guy, hacking away at some madcap scheme all by myself. I just had no idea this resonated with so many people. It's incredibly encouraging and motivating. Thanks everyone! That's very good to know. Thanks! > What crawler are you using and what kind of crawling speeds are you achieving? Custom crawler, and I seem to get around 100 documents per second at best, maybe closer to 50 on average. Depends a bit on how many crawl-worthy websites it finds, and there is definitely diminishing returns as it goes deeper. >How do you rank the results (is it based on content only) or you have external factors too? I rank based on a pretty large number of factors, incoming links weighted by the "textiness" of the source domain, and similarity to the query. > What is your personal preferred search option of the 7 and why? I honestly use Google for a lot. My search engine isn't meant as a replacement, but a complement. > Thanks for making something unique and sorry that despite all the hype this got, you got only $39/month on Patreon. It is telling in a way. Are you kidding? I think the Patreon is a resounding success! I'm still a bit stunned. I've gotten more support and praise, not just in terms of money but also emails and comments here than I could have ever dreamed possible. And this is just the start, too. I only recently got the search engine working this well. I have no doubt it can get much better. The fact that I have 11 people with me on that journey, even if they "just" pay my power bill, that's amazing. I'm honestly a bit at a loss for words. I'm thinking I may open source some of the components I use, rather than publishing the whole thing, as it's part of a larger monorepo that contains the somewhat integrated code for a large set of services, public and private. None of the code is particularly fancy, just highly specialized. I did build them myself mostly because I couldn't find anything available that the rather special demands that are put on the application. I'll get back to your email in a while, I've got a ton of messages I'm working through. But yeah, in short pseudocode: for url in range-for-"hello": if binary-search (range-for-"world", url): yield url I do use streams, but that is the bare essence of it. I think in part it may just be because I'm not trying to found a start-up, and I'm not trying to get rich quick. If I were, I would have dealt with this very differently. My integrity and the integrity of this project is far more important than my bank balance. Not everyone feels that way, and I can respect that, but I do. Ultimately I think running something like this for profit would create really unhealthy incentives to make my search engine worse. Any value it brings, right now, it brings because it isn't trying to cater to every taste and every use case. I also hate the constant "don't forget to slap the like and subscribe buttons"-shout outs of modern social media, even though I'm aware they it is extremely efficient. If I went down that route, I would become part of the problem I'm trying to help cure. I do feel the sirens' call though, it's intoxicating getting this sort of praise and attention. I want this to be a long-term project, not a some overnight cinderella story. In the end, my search engine is never going to replace google. It isn't trying to, it's trying to complement it. It's barely able now, but hopefully I can make it much better in the months and years to come. It's not indexed particularly deeply. Blogs typically have a decent amount of javascripts. I think it simply takes time to build trust. The threshold to sending someone money is high. I probably wouldn't send someone money based on a proof of concept and lofty ambitions alone. I'd absolutely consider sending someone money if they kept bringing something of value into my life. If I want more people to join the patreon, I'll just have to earn their trust and support. ;-) About 21 million, and I'm crawling myself. Classification is really hard. I'm struggling with it myself, as a lot of like privacy policies and change logs turns out to share the shape of a page of text. I'm thinking of experimenting with ML classifiers, as I do have reasonably good ways of extracting custom datasets. Finding change logs and privacy policies is easy, excluding them is hard. Yeah, that's just not a type of query my search engine is particularly good at. It's pretty dumb, and just tries to match as much of the webpage against the query as it can. This used to be how all search engines worked, but I guess people have been taught by google that they should ask questions now, instead of search for terms. I wonder how I can guide people to make more suitable queries. Maybe I should just make it look less like google. I'm not a muslim, but I do build a lot of tools for myself (and to a lesser degree for the public), and open APIs like these are incredibly convenient. Saves me from having to do a lot of data processing. I collect links to small and notable websites here. It's like 90% blogs: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi I think we've gotten curiously bad at linking to other websites in the last 20 years. It's really bad for discoverability. I don't know why it is, it's like everyone goes "oh, i've got a precious visitor at last, better not link anywhere so they'll stick around forever!" I think if my website contains interesting links, it makes people more likely to come back later, because they associate it with good feelings of discovery, and not bad feelings of being trapped. I do think there's a middle road. I do indeed think it's incredibly toxic to write for the reactions, but at the same time, it's extremely lonely to find your only readers are the bots that probe for compromised wordpress installs. It's great to have a community of sorts. I've found that in gemini space, there's a small number of active bloggers that run in the same circles and occasionally make replies on each posts they feel interesting (because almost virtually all pages are static, almost no comment fields). It's not so much about the attention as it is about the sense of community and belonging. I have really mixed feelings about deprecating HTTP for HTTPS. There are a lot of websites that are never going to migrate, websites with quality content. There's also a lot of clients that are never going to support HTTPS. There's nothing wrong with them otherwise, the hardware is still good, but they can't be used anymore and it's not the owners choice to decide, but a few big tech companies pushing this change. Even if we do care about these nefarious men in the middle, the elephant in the room is that a large part of the encrypted traffic these days go through major CDNs, and for them to actually pages and and route requests and be anything more than a glorified NAT, they need to inspect what's being sent, and keep track of who is sending it. Even if they totally pinky swear they aren't doing anything nefarious with their position of being able to inspect and analyze a huge portion of the Internet's traffic, and even if we believe them, that can change. Remember SourceForge? Remember when they were the heroes of open source, the go-to host for source code and binaries? Remember when they were bought up and subsequently were caught with their fingers in the cookie jar bundling malware in said open source packages? All I'm saying is that there sure is a lot of eggs in that basket. Is a lot easier to lean on one or two CDN operators than it is to lean on every ISP in the country. Probably just hasn't been discovered then. The Internet is big. I wish more small websites would be better at linking to other small websites :-( It's a matter of scale. You can perform opportunistic small scale mitm attacks on wifi. Maybe that is a concern for interactive websites. But servers that only host static content, why do they need encryption? And how would you find out if a cdn was misbehaving, especially in the context of gag orders? And even if we did find out, it's out in the open that Facebook and Google is doing all this really invasive tracking, yet nobody seems to be leaving them in any hurry. HTTPS as a standard has pretty wide support, but the versions of TLS that is increasingly mandatory has much more limited support in older software. There is also a growing problem with stale root certs that are not always possible to update. > - It normalizes a situation where network traffic is treated as a black box. It's a good thing if my ISP or the cafe I'm working in can't inspect my packets - it's highly problematic if my company's admin has no idea what is going on inside the network or if I can't even inspect traffic from my own devices. I'm seriously wondering who is protecting against what here. This seems less for protecting users against snoopers and more for protecting tech companies against their own users - which is really the opposite of privacy. Yeah, this is... troublesome, especially how fond software developers seem to be of telemetry these days. For software you haven't compiled yourself, that's completely opaque data leaving your network. Especially in the light of how incredibly difficult it is to disable that telemetry collection in Firefox, it's not a great look for mozilla. I don't know if this is the authoritative guide du jour, but the steps usually go something like this: https://gist.github.com/gamunu/7fbee4e2318fdc080395a7f74cc34... I'm not sure this trust we're effectively being coerced to put in software and platforms is great from a privacy standpoint. But as you said, there has not been a lot of talk about this. I just keep thinking if the something like the BonziBuddy scandal had been pulled off today, how would anyone ever find out? Well, actually, we have Siri, Alexa, Cortana and Google Assistant now, and the pitch is eerily familiar in many ways. No, I actually count the n-grams as distinct words (up to 4-grams). The main limiter is for that is space, so I only extract "canned" n-grams from some tags. I would first search for the bigram hello_world, that's an O(1) array lookup; as then documents merely containing the words hello and world (usually not a good search result), that's the algorithm I'm describing in the parent comment. To what aspect of reddit? What value is it bringing you? I've gradually reduced my consumption to a single subreddit, and even that I only check sporadically. And the less I've used it, the worse its value proposition seems. It reminds me a lot of when I quit smoking.