Been looking for an answer to a related question on this. DRM technologies like "white box crypto," seem to be designed for the same use case. Is encoding sensitive operations in an application using these techs not a viable medium term mitigation as well? As a rider who has done some reading into the history, one of the things modernity does overlook is how horsemanship provided a practical philosophical basis for human morality. Going back to Xenophon (and Simeon before him), who wrote one of the earliest surviving treatises on horsemanship, the personal qualities it takes to ride and train were also the basis for leadership. Xenophon's work on the Cavalry General is mainly practical and tactical, but expands on some of the principles of horsemanship - a key one being, "nothing forced can be beautiful." The essence of it is that because they are prey animals, good horsemanship is necessarily an exercise in leadership. Dom Duarte's 13th century treatise (next on my list) is also about the moral qualities for horsemanship, and the classic "education of the king," by Pluvinel is about educating the king of France as a horseman, with an eye to developing the king as a leader. IMHO, officer training has always included horsemanship because it develops a kind of physical presence and fearlessness required to get people to follow them willingly. Glad to see something like this mentioned on HN, as revisiting the cultivation of leadership through physical and moral exercise is something we in tech could certainly benefit from. There's a unity of the set. The qualities of good horsemanship are essentially moral and physically cultivated qualities, and among those is the ability to be recognized as a leader and followed willingly by another creature in nature. I am saying the qualities that people recognize as leadership and follow willingly, are moral qualities that can be developed and taught, and there is a history of those being taught through horsemanship. A technology change in the 1730s made horses viable viable plow animals. It was a lighter metal plow (name escapes me), and ploughmen switched from oxen to horses. Horses were previously used mainly for military and business transportation via carriage and carts, but this change made them economical for farmers and ploughmen. Thing is, the temperament and intelligence of horses were different, and the non-military horseman as a profession was born. That was the origin of a lot of the so-called "gypsy," mysticism about "whispering," as there were tricks of the trade that ploughmen used to protect their business. The history is fascinating, and not unlike the way crypto is today. Where a former exclusively military technology proliferated to a trade class, who organized to "professionalize," it to preserve the integrity and value of its secrets. They formed something called "the society of the horseman's word," which was a pseudo-masonic group modeled after what Millers had done in their own trade. There is a bunch of hocus pocus around their history, but viewed as a trade association or guild, it makes economic sense. According to a history of ploughman culture, it was a lighter metal plow that made them economical vs. oxen in the 1730s. They are things that take physical work to achieve. Patience: it's an animal, it doesn't care what you want, but with work and education, you both transform. Perseverance: incremental work, with a living being that isn't subject to reasoning, is what makes the most change. Ownership and Obligation: the animal is your responsibility, it does not have responsibility, you own your failures. Decisiveness: related to ownership. Benevolence: xenophon's "nothing forced is beautiful," and (I think la Guerieniere's) "ask much, be content with little, reward often." exemplify these. Takt: the ability to express your intent simply, unambiguously, consistently, and with a stable emotional presence. Temperence, moderation, and sympathy: this is a living thing you can't just threaten into submission. Magnanimity: the animal is going to test you constantly, and you have to be greater than it. There are other aspects that the words we use today have been freighted with inaccurate critical interpretations, but they are similar to the Aristotelian virtues. These (among many) in addition to exercising the physical experience of leading, which means to be followed willingly. You learn how you don't just read about something and become it. Not disputing horse collar. Point made in a history of horsemanship (an in turn ploughman trades) was that the trade of ploughmen in england moved away from oxen more to horses as the result of a change in plough design. This excerpt may have been the design change that was referenced. "There was little attempt to change the design of the plough until the mid 1600's with the Dutch being among the first in improving its shape. This change in shape was soon discovered in Northern England and Scotland with Joseph Foljambe from Rotherham building and patented a plough having what was described as, the perfect implement then in use." " http://www.ploughmen.co.uk/about-us/history-of-the-plough" Perhaps there is a more direct way to discredit the implications of my original post? Activity friends are key, but that requires activities. The traditional networks around things like churches, rotary, clubs, chambers of commerce, masonry, hunt camps, golf, sailing, and political parties still exist and are open to members. They do require a level of sincerity and self acceptance that is perhaps outside the comfort zones of many younger people, but arguably so do friendships. Friendships for men in particular are fraught in the best of circumstances, but it's an extra challenge to live in a city and become someone other men respect enough to keep around over the long term. I interpret that there is an implication in what is described in the article that, when you set the region on your apple device, you get region specific iCloud keys provisioned to it. If that were the case, there is no reason why you couldn't provision from to an HSM domain that hadn't had its keys shredded. The implied architecture is there is a secure element on the phone with a unique key provisioned to it during manufacture - likely one that is derived from one of the HSM keys at Apple. However, since Apple cannot produce this individual device key themselves to do 3rd party device decryption, they must generate keys randomly in SE hardware on the device, using the user PIN as a derivation component - and somehow use SE firmware to set a fuse on the number of PIN tries. I don't know specifically how Apple does this, but the list of secure/viable approaches is short. (edit: unnecessary if they shred hsm keys.) I don't doubt Apple's integrity on this, given the heat they have taken over it in the west. But an "adaptation" of their infrastructure to serve that regional market wouldn't surprise me either. I'm skeptical of any scheme, and one that isn't presented in BAN logic tends to mean protocol designers have handwaved over where they are hiding things. Good examples of this notation are here. ( http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html ). If they have weakened the scheme, the technical ways Apple may have conceded to Chinese requirements, are all discoverable. Breakable? I doubt that's viable given the security difference is an HSM with shredded keys vs. one where the keys still exist somewhere (probably in a duplicate HSM that operates the decryption service for Chinese govt). So still at least as good as any EMV payment system. We can speculate about how this is implemented but reality is tech companies while ubiquitous, are not sovereign. Yet, anyway. I did not intend to come off as salty as my comment reads either, no snark intended. The health sector is the Afghanistan of the tech business. It's entire history is of empires arriving to solve its problems, and after a decade and massive losses, they leave, mystified at how something so contained could be so intractable. The only people who survive there are the ones who don't try to change it. When you can send your diagnostic images to get a consult from 2 clinics in India and an expert system for less than the price of a three block ambulance trip in the US, prices for domestic care will come down. This dynamic is significant in the culture wars of today. As part of some work in architecture for some public sector projects, I read "The Nazi Census" which was a description of the technologies and techniques of the 1938 german census which was a basis for the NSDAPs brutal bureaucracy. ( https://www.amazon.com/Nazi-Census-Identification-Control-Po... ) One of the interesting parts was adding "unused," fields to the Hollerith punch cards for "future use," much like we use extensibility fields in data models today. The book says many of the people recruited to administer it were promoted from the ranks of the disaffected, often far above their level to ensure their loyalty. It was a technique used by the NSDAP, Stalin, and Mao, where they put country "peasant" types in administrative roles over towns and cities to exploit rural resentment of city dwellers. As a result, you can "steelman" the sentiments behind many conservative arguments by summarizing them as questioning the wisdom of handing reins of unimaginably powerful institutions and technologies to people who identify as victims with an implied entitlement to revenge, and who are not bound by the ethical frameworks of the deposed - the ones assumed when those techs and institutions were built. It at least provides a logic beyond evil and hatred. Regardless of whether it's accurate in the context, it's a heuristic for reasoning about the motives and quality of an argument. That is a sound observation. I think what we call identity politics is a divisive style of argument across the spectrum, and not a political stripe in itself. In the Jonathan Haidt model, conservatives tend to be rule seeking and internally group biased, where liberals prefer the opportunities created by external influences and focus on outcomes. Regarding the original article, 20th century wars figure prominently in the minds of conservatives, and it's worth considering that many good people are indexed on factors in a narrative that includes them. We do need a way to get sensitive data sets to researchers, there is a lot of public good and discovery to be had when we do. Cynically, when we were finding that de-identification of data was not a cryptographically secure or a viable solution for providing data sets to researchers who couldn't be trusted to protect them, a nagging voice would suggest k-anonymity and now DP were a way to obfuscate the distribution of risk in the solutions through layered niche abstractions, and use the ensuing confusion to get the data toothpaste out of the tube. Today, I like the idea that DP provides a set of information theoretic criteria for candidate algorithms for protecting privacy and anonymity. It also appears to provide practical tools for technologists to reason about information theory problems in their day to day work. It's hard to imagine it was acceptable to say, "sure you can do cancer/autism/health research, but first we need a viable generalized homomorphic encryption solution before we share our data with you," but that was the state of health information security up to even recently. The need for a class of non-cryptological (e.g. not certified algos), and non-zero-sum information privacy protection tools reflects how we actually use data today. I am still wary that project types will wave DP around like a talisman to ward off security analysts threatening their deadlines, but that's not DP's fault. There is a joke in here about how the response of security people to DP and privacy is often snark, but I will leave that as an exercise to the reader. Indeed, and I think the definition of privacy that security technologists were applying to health data (in my example) implied FHE or other solutions that were out of reach, as a barrier to doing important research. It was worth emphasizing these are very different concepts. My association of them was because they are posed as potential solutions in the same business problem domains. What seemed absent from the article is the effect of flat revenue on both their ability to make bond interest payments (pay down debt used for legacy transmission infrastructure), and the potential of higher interest rates on rolling debt (like utility bonds.) Debt could make utilities catastrophically vulnerable to disruption from sustainable players and battery makers, whose business models do not need to factor in those same debt/infrastructure costs into their energy prices. Not only would it be cheaper than grid power, the utilities will have a structural pricing disadvantage because they need to incorporate their debt and increasing interest rates on older debt into their cost model. Question is, what is the "it," that forces this change? Graphene capacitors? Interesting how uber exploited a similar dynamic with taxis, where medallion debt was a significant factor in cab ride prices. It suggest debt markets might be a place to hunt for disruption opportunity, where carrying costs create a structural price disadvantage for incumbents. I admit it was a bit of an afterthought. :) If we are in a world of rising interest rates, it suggests upward cost pressure downstream of companies who exploited the low interest rate environment to load up on cheap debt. Hypothesis would be companies and sectors with highest debt to income ratio would be most vulnerable and point us in the right direction. A quick google search showed utilities were indeed the ones with highest debt ratios, followed by "industrials." If this were all true, might also suggest that merely equity financed companies could exploit that structural differential. It's part of the reason I am still a tesla/musk believer, as I think this is his underlying play. Tell me more of your impregnable fortresses and unsinkable ships. I agree that the barriers you mention are real, but those are in the domain or class of solvable problems. Apps like Figure1 are a good example of how doctors are moving around this. To borrow from Nial Ferguson's new book, the big CMS/EHR players (nightingale and another one here) control the integration points and hierarchical relationships, but I think they are vulnerable to networks. So straight shorting debt play, you would need that level of resolution. If you are looking to fund disruptive startups to leverage a structural pricing disadvantage that results from incumbents costing model, which has exposure to multiplying interest rates and flat revenues, the quality of the debt doesn't so much matter. I'm imagining things like, "3d print me a small refinery," or "blimp-drop me a sawmill in shipping containers," or "rent me a seed mill on a flatbed," "build me a foldable certified meat processing plant," or "create a new tractor platform with an open multi-tool interface." etc. I've given a bit of thought to these periods and the theme in them has a few factors that indicate one general one. First factor was reading a book that changed my perspective. When I was a consultant, simply spending 5hrs reading a book on negotiation returned an additional 200k over the next 36mos. Second is the time I took all my vacation at once and spent three weeks with a teacher learning a physical skill. It gave me the confidence to level up massively in my career. Third was after taking a month long motorcycle trip across the US. I developed multiple decks and wireframes for startups I would return to and make the focus of my life today. The theme in them was interrupting the nagging chatter of my ego and its anxieties and the need for external approval, which came from unstable relationships and social media (same thing). The result was periods of pure performance where stuff comes out like you are singing it. The way I get into the zone today is to do something that pushes me past a limit of ego/anxiety resistance. Either by getting coaching and instruction, becoming absorbed in the complex ideas of a book or new area of knowledge, or physical accomplishment. There was a comment here the other day about junior and intermediate programmers completing the fist %80 of a project, then leaving the remaining %20 to the next person - who recommends chucking it and refactoring, only to complete that initial %80 again.That %80 productivity that comes from learning something new is massive, but it's not sufficient to deliver the polished %20 that makes a product. The zone for me today is bursts of staccato productivity against that last %20, with a view forward against where it will yield diminishing returns. As a manager, the very best way to wreck flow is to put choices on staff and then criticize them for the results. There is this anti-pattern (I call it a false-Socratic dialogue) where ostensibly intelligent people present their staff with choices, thinking it's educating them to "choose right," when the overall effect is to just punish them randomly for making independent decisions. The constant theme in 10x developers I have observed is that they don't internalize interruptions from others. Often this is because they miss or ignore the social cues of concern and approval that derail others flow, either because of a spectrum thing, confidence from better options, or the narcissism that helps some people succeed. The flow I develop through these other factors is related to that state in that the anxiety from uncertainty in how I relate is silenced, and I can create freely. As a result, the last 4 months on my demo have been immensely productive. Thanks! Specifically didn't mention them because the effect of activities themselves is the point. If you haven't read a book on topic-x, the first one is going to change your perspective pretty radically and put you in that iterative and open learning mode. The activity (see post history for clues;)) was about sublimating that same ego/anxiety by accepting guidance and instruction from a great teacher who had mastered something. Super productive and high achieving people tend to have absorbing hobbies for (I think) related reasons. It's not that there is a "trick," it's that there is a general effect that all those tricks produce, which is that state of creative flow that results from removing our negative self-conscious reactions. IMHO, for me that included silencing self-critical mental filters by overloading them with stimuli from things like constructive authority, physical exhaustion, and awe and excitement at a new body of knowledge. My thinking is that the things people do as flow and inspiration hacks roll up into this overall process. Really valuable. Working internationally without an undergrad degree is its own class of problem. Not having a degree in tech remains an extremely expensive (yet surprisingly reliable) counter signal for exceptional technical ability. The question of why a company should hire someone without a degree overlooks the more accurate one which is, would this person actually still be in tech if they did have a degree? There are laws and regulations in place to filter those people out, but like anything, there are exceptions to the rules. If you know any of them, they would be really, really useful. Hardly need to read the rest of an article with a headline that includes, "the Rich," as fairly clear what it's about. An acquaintance recently (2011) wrote a book about the world of art theft. ( https://www.amazon.ca/Hot-Art-Chasing-Thieves-Detectives/dp/... ) The point I remember him making was that the stolen art was often used as collateral for black market transactions, owing to the opacity of the market in general. It's an asset class like any other. Depending on what it is, it will have different liquidity, volatility, and portability properties. The notional value can be used as collateral in other transactions, with no real transparency on rehypothecation. New appraisals can mark it in support of other calculations, and you can insure it. It can be a bit of a financial black box. Also, art is and always has been a path to social mobility. Hence the parties where young people go to meet older wealthy ones. The real business of art is brokering relationships and transactions, with the art as a pretext. If you have money and fewer relationships, you can go buy art in any major city as a short cut to local society. If you want access to partners and the kind of social networks that provide opportunities for your future family, it's surprisingly accessible. Gallery owners perform a kind of social gate keeping role without a lot of the insular baggage that comes from establishment networks. These relationships and transactions are culture. The idea that someone can just make money, participate in culture by buying art, then move easily between social classes seems offensive to some people, but that's really how it works. It also provides a perfect straw man for people who go on about "the rich." It's difficult to see how a lurid view of how some people with money live (e.g. the article) improves peoples lives any more than say, porn. The idea class mobility needs some sort of moral "defense," is certainly challenging. Sure, it hollows out the ranks of the aggrieved, but that's the point. It would be funny to ask a founder who has been diluted out whether one could say the same thing about software. I like to summarize a particular coastal elitist view as, "Let them eat college." Interesting. To me, "highlighting the power structure," is a critical technique that frames one party as a moral antagonist and there is nothing neutral, objective, or rigorous about that. I should perhaps have been more brief and said only that the article was tawdry marxist outrage porn, but I my intent was to contribute a view that untangled it from its tendentious frame. I would be very surprised if anyone outside a few fringe email newsletters would agree that racism and sexism are not moral accusations. In a case where that statement were true, where sexism and racism were intrinsic facts of a struggle between exploiters and exploitees and not circumstantial beliefs to be mitigated by discourse, there is no possibility of peace, tolerance, or coexistance. And yet, these manage to exist today almost everywhere where people who do not believe that sort of thing live. The main implication of such a view is that discourse is just an artifact of that oppression, that only postpones an inevitable conflict that is necessarily fatal for one of the exploiter or exploited. It also excuses the exploited from being held to the ethics and morality of the exploiter. Hard not to see such a system of belief as beyond reason and even incarnate evil, but as they say, the devil's greatest trick was convincing us he didn't exist. :) Amazing. I love seeing when lcamtuf stuff comes up here. Michal's classic paper on strange attractors in tcp randomness, and later, RNGs is still my favorite security research of all time. It made some concepts in crypto accessible enough to pursue a career related to it and demonstrated how you can use data viz to reveal information, and not merely to represent it. His comment about his father being a cinematographer who worked on large productions in Poland made me wonder if his father worked with Kieslowski, owing to his being of the few productions of the time and region that would be considered big ticket. If that were who he was making reference to, in addition to his inspirational research, the indirect impact this family has had on at least my life (as an obscure nerd in Canada) would be extra astounding. As someone who went from a technical role (director/architect) into PM, I selected out pretty fast. When I looked at the differences across organizations where I had worked with other Product Managers, between the ones who selected out, survived, succeeded, and the ones who were great, there were themes. The great ones (I met two), were charismatic, flexible, technical enough to make engineers feel appreciated, and were the kinds of people who radiated enthusiasm and success. Think ivy grad confidence with an evangelist belief in their product. Likable, clearly on their way to bigger things. Ones who just succeeded were strong organizational influencers and operators who practically hid their technical understanding, and made it incumbent on more technical people to explain themselves. They kept others talking while they moved pieces and pulled strings. M.Sc/PhD types, classic org power players. The survivors were corporate natives who brought professionalism to the startups I was at. A few did time in Big 5 consultancies. Often adjacent to confusion, always useful to someone, albeit never clearly to whom. They were experts at allegiances and light relationships and I admired how they managed both the constant contempt from engineering and the relentless outrage of the sales team. They were teflon strong. People who selected out (I among them) or who rode a product into the ground were a mixed bag of experiments gone wrong. The marketing person with a programming course, the legacy team member, the polymath everyone thought someone else understood, "the only person who understands how it works," the patsy, the brown shoes and patagonia vest guy, the founder in training, etc. Where I've seen PMs fail seemed to be the result of failing to maintain a balance of flexibility, credibility, and coherence. There are lots of ways to succeed as a PM and it's a very cool job. It's a rare area where a magic touch is both required and rewarded. If you needed to auth users on both a mobile app across platforms, and a browser, it makes sense to store and xmit user session information in a JWS or JWE, using it as an abstraction which you can serve as a cookie to the browser, and handle consistently across apps. If you get into multifactor auth, implementing it in JWT becomes more useful. A full OAuth provider seems heavy for what you've described. Easiest wins: - "Start with why." (I use 3 layers of why, some more, some fewer.) - Get it out, then go back and reverse the order of the sentences in each paragraph, so each one begins with the point you were getting to. - Kill your babies. Any turn of phrase you are working around to keep it in, or make it work is not as good as you think. - Read a lot of quality, edited writing. The Economist, Financial Times, Telegraph, and sometimes even the Guardian. Avoid cloying, sing-song, editorial prose that is full of jargon and cliches. Source: am a writer who codes. Slight unintended consequence is it creates a significant incentive for politicians to allow their expenses to be picked up by someone else. There are rules in many democracies where "gifts," over small amounts (~$50) must be reported to ethics commissions and scrutinized for opportunity by the opposition, media, and by extension, the public. In a simple risk game of likelihood vs. consequences, expensing a meal in an upper end restaurant will %90 draw political consequences from an AI, with a high degree of uncertainty in the cost to fight it, vs. accepting the hosts generosity, with a sub-%5 chance of consequences occurring like having to pay your share, or a minor sanction some years into the future. I'd argue most politicians necessarily make risk and cost/benefit calculations before ethical signalling ones, and the indiscriminate application of rules in this case creates inverted incentives that demoralize the situation, and will cause them to start accepting insignificant bribes. The economic value of "AI" is mostly to obfuscate and symbolically defray the chain of individual human accountability. While this may be working for the "good guys," in the public interest, it's really about protecting the people who are using what is essentially a Bayesian black box as an ethical proxy for their personal interest. It's fascinating and cool, but it's also a bit disingenuous to accept magical pretexts and other ethical proxies because we perceive them to be "on our side." That seems like an uncharitable interpretation. What I have said is that this particular AI approach changes the risks and incentives for politicians so that they are more likely to commit a greater number of small, but more real offenses, than the few outward anomalies the AI flags. Which is worse? Expensing a bottle of wine, or having a vendor pick up the tab for an entire meeting? I would argue the latter has more impact on perceptions of corruption, yet this demoralized AI approach disproportionately punishes the former. There is a style of argument that I'm starting to think of as "argument from tyranny," which begins with a denial of the coherence and legitimacy of the speaker, and ends with a defamation of character. They call it "sealioning," on the internets, but it bears more scrutiny, because it is part of why people are reduced to using pseudonyms. This is a general product lesson. I read someone comment the other day that if you build a flying car, people will still complain about the door handles and trim. Tesla has revolutionized a technology, like an unimaginably odds beating underdog that changes the economics of human civilization. But the business, the function that decides whether they survive to affect the change they've proven is possible is really a question of, are they building a better car? As someone bootstrapping a product, (and of course I think my product is the flying car game changer of my market) during the final painful trade offs before MVP, it's the scores of "details" like this I'm taking on water to resolve before showing it. Personally, I think you can only get way with breaking rules if you've demonstrated you know them first, and quality/experience issues cannot be sins of omission. Where I'm confident I've developed a technology that will change the economics of a market, the moment someone puts their faith in it and lets it into a relationship they have with their stakeholders and it burns a bridge for them, for me to exclaim, "but, but, flying car!" means nothing. These are not details and corner cases, they are the existential aspects of the business. I think where Tesla is acceptable is that they are still in a market with legacies like Land Rover, Jaguar, and used supercars, where people tolerate bizarre diseconomies that would seem laughable to Toyota, Mercedes, and even KIA owners. However, there is a chasm for them to cross fully where they are no longer a revolutionary technology, but actually a good car company. The lesson I take from articles like this is that what I think of as details as a technologist are in fact the differentiators in a business. It is worth reading the article this posted one is in response to. ( http://www.circleid.com/posts/20180225_humming_an_open_inter... ) It has the kind of inflammatory institutional chauvinism one usually expects from bureaucrats defending their turf and moralizing their powers, but it's important to understand the outcomes the people like them are aiming for. Additionally, ignoring for a moment the usual appeals for intelligence and law enforcement, the coalition of interests the author is referencing includes those interested in enforcing "societal norms," and "support for persons with disabilities." The first means censorship and those people never seem to go away. But the second has nothing to do with transport layer encryption and appears to be a dogwhistle offering tacit institutional support to political agitators who want to get onside with adding surveillance levers to the internet. The article could reasonably be interpreted as a threat that if TLS 1.3 is adopted and imposes further costs on pervasive surveillance apparatuses, they will co-operate to further balkanize the internet. This was interesting because I've used an OWL ontology to create a business functional model of a complicated platform. The tool WebProtege was very helpful. An ontology has more structure than a mind map, and you can apply reasoners to them. It was useful for me, but it undermined a layer of obfuscating abstractions some of the technologists had created as a firewall between themselves and the rest of the org, so I lost traction for being politically tone deaf. Mind maps are easy to dismiss because they are a unifying abstraction created by someone's point of view, which must compete with every other point of view in the org. Once you model it, it implies responsibility, accountability, and that can disrupt the relationships that people have invested in. The act of documenting something well also adds newly competent stakeholders to decisions, which has the consequence that it dilutes authority in the org. In this way, mind maps can get a reputation for being naive technology solution to a problem that isn't actually a problem, because the nebulous relationships they expose in fact already work for someone. The helpful guy with the mind map just doesn't 'get it'. Personally, I look forward to ontologies becoming more common in orgs, as they are immensely powerful for getting everyone aligned on a body of knowledge - assuming that's what one is aiming for. Two questions: for any job with exceptional responsibility or skill required, has there ever been a candidate with a resume gap where the story behind it did not make them more interesting? When you see a gap, what do you really think happened in it and what does it signify or mean? For a HN reader, it's odd to see this topic here, especially since I have some experience around it (not doing it.) Fighting bulls is more of an art than a sport, and having seen women fight bulls in the Portuguese corrida, my impression was it is as different as male and female ballet dancers. Same art, but they bring something specific to it. While people say it's purely a masculine sport, one of the most famous rejoneadors (Conchita Cintron) from the 1950s onward was a woman. They are rare, but not novel. I think the spanish style is less artful than the Portuguese, as shown in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMYzoKjiXbk Diego Ventura is a living master of the art. A number of women (rejoneadoras) like Lea Vincens and Noelia Mota are big names in the art. There is more valor, if perhaps less art, in the work of the Forcados ( https://youtu.be/pRzPPThS_M0?t=62 ) who catch the bull after the rider is finished with it. It's an aesthetic appreciation of a very specific kind of beauty, so people who are against it are unlikely to be swayed. I understand the bullfight is also a political wedge issue in spain and portugal, where progressives ban it and traditionalists promote it. It is an art with a lot wrapped up in it. Odd hackernews topic, unless you folks in California are going to the local corridas. Hey, if you've had a huge exit and want to fight bulls, I can probably help. :) What do all the sane people do? Good mental health includes things like confidence, self-actualization, self-determination, a true perception of reality, autonomy, and a positive view of ones self and ones ability to effect change. Not having a PhD, but experience working and living with them is that there was a gap between their self-esteem and their actual self-confidence that caused many of them to suffer. If good mental health is not something you are directly rewarded for, success in that field is going to be biased toward people who find a way to sacrifice it as leverage. From a base rate perspective, this suggests good mental health in any outlier of success is going to be spotty. In many cases some fields must create opportunity for people with poor mental health because the sanity barrier in other fields makes these ones more viable. When you look at the stereotypes about the professions (lawyers, doctors, and professors in particular), the ones with low attrition and weak disciplinary systems acquire that worst reputations, where as a counter example, many fiduciaries seem even keeled to the point of dullness. The solutions are likely about teaching good mental health in undergrad or before, trouble is, the question of what "good," means will likely attract extreme opposition. As a related one, considering Twisted Road (sharing site for my motorcycle). Still considering it, but their approach as I understand it is to have customer verify their insurance with site. Passive tends to mean earning money on rents from capital instead of your time/labor. The grey area is brokerage and arbitrage where you are earning money from risk. This provides the information I need to ask quality questions to lawyers and accountants, thank you. Regarding why to do it, is there a reason you can't just stand up the DE C and that IP agreement as part of the funding round instead of having it in place before? Would a more accurate description be that China is "militarizing," its tech sector instead of "nationalizing" it? When we think of nationalization, we tend to think of centralized control by committee, removal of competition, five year plans etc. But militarization of an economy, like that of Britain during WWII, means working toward and pricing based on a shared (if mandated) national objective. Western aviation is largely militarized in this sense, and looking at communications tech in China the way we look at aviation here is probably a better simile. There is a tendency to portray the Chinese communist party as a farce of clumsy peasants toeing the party line and driving their economy into ruin, as though they were the bolsheviks or Stalin's apparatchiks. Those tropes do a disservice to those of us who really do need to be aware of the sophistication and hyper-aggression of Chinese economic warfare. Viewing China as an "emerging," economy and society presumes the end state will evolve to something resembling western democracy and a free market economy, which is the very hubris they are exploiting to consolidate and militarize their industries and territories for global expansion. It would be helpful to everyone to elevate the quality of discussion of these topics, as CFIUS will only protect us so much. Sort of hoped it was because American students had in fact become better instead... Is there a reason a crypto messenger team wouldn't seem to publish their protocol specs using BAN notation that people can objectively reason about, and then verify the implementation of it in the code? As in, if you can't explain it this clearly, what's the problem? http://www.lsv.fr/Software/spore/table.html Having worked on some crypto projects, the admonition to, "just read the code," is disingenuous, because without a formal spec, you have nothing to compare the code to or evaluate the code against. Funny behaviors from an open office plan I experienced: - tribes claiming spaces: there was a couch area where a natural affinity group formed based on common personality types typical of urban/suburban tribal divide. developed an in-group/out-group mentality. a counter group formed in a lunch area. - posturing: top tech individual contributor used main boardroom for "really important video conference meetings," and it became his de facto office unless you had it booked. - tragedy of the commons: with no private space other than common spaces, meeting rooms were booked up with standing meetings so that it became impossible to get one when you needed it. - Callout/performative drama: challenging people would use the availability of earshot to try to draw others into their conflicts. Callout culture, where instead of addressing issues, people would call out others to demand explanations in front of teams, managers, or in main slack channels. - lack of personal boundaries: technical managers with low charisma routinely embarrassed in open meetings where everyone felt they could table complaints and make others accountable in front of a group, further wrecking morale as result of perceived weak leadership. Interior design wouldn't solve all these problems, but the aesthetic of a kindergarten or hipster daycare certainly exacerbated them. I may long form this post into something, as the anti-patterns in that org were an effect of its culture, which was expressed by aesthetics rooted in beliefs that would have benefited from more insight. Arguably, to extend this very rich metaphor, the reason nobody can ever win is in fact an artifact of geography. One particular mountainous region known to be the graveyard of empires springs to mind. I think drama comes from uncertainty and power vacuums, which I would say are artifacts of the terrain. The entire Hollywood mythology was built around being "discovered," and elevated to fame and stardom, and arguably it's main product wasn't movies, it was hope. If I were Conde Nast, I would use reddit as a farm team for finding, creating, and monetizing internet celebrities through its "legit," properties the way that movie studios created vehicles to profit from actors. Costs them hardly anything to talent scout redditors and try them out in other publications, then promote the story back of how success story X was "discovered," on reddit. Keeps their monetization platforms hands clean, while bringing a steady stream of talent to market. The difference between hollywood and Conde Nast is that now, Conde Nast literally owns that talent source instead of relying on a bunch of agents. Good color. Single party has control of Conde Nast and Reddit, so while there is a legal distinction, this isn't a correction to the basic business dynamic. I would say almost half the performance problems I have seen developers and devops managers run into over the last 5-6 years could have been avoided with a bit of front loaded queueing theory. When you are doing microservice orchestrations, using an enterprise service bus or a pubsub, or doing multiple asynchronous operations, small delays multiply through the system. Spending a day to model your solution as a queue will give you some ballpark tolerances for lag, queue size, and in particular, RTT through the service. Doing microservice architectures takes a lot of the logic of the problems solved decades ago on the network layer and reinstantiates them at application service layers without those solutions. Request TTL, state, queue flushing, retransmission, shortest path, service availability, 'ping', 'traceroute', etc. If one service crashes, and requests start piling up, you need to clear that queue, and oftentimes your solution isn't built to clear that queue while more requests are coming in and your cache overflows because "keeping state is a next order complexity problem that wasn't specified in the user story." There is an assumption you can just horizontally scale your way out, which has significant compute and administrative costs. I suspect AWS makes a lot of its money as a direct result of those assumptions. Not saying someone needs to be doing new proofs, but some forethought using a handwavy abstraction might provide some insight into the needs of the system under load. Now that's how it's done. Nice. In my experience, the only time it is appropriate to refer to a reporter as a "journalist" is if they are either unemployed, or dead. Reporters report, writers write, where "journalists" occupy a kind of vague institutional gatekeeper profession that is (rightly) being usurped by people taking up the former trades using tech and social media. I have strong opinions about this. Writing press releases, ad copy or doing PR work is only offensive to a small cadre of journalists who try to cleanse themselves of the "taint of trade" as to somehow differentiate their role from people who are judged by the quality of their work, and not their approval by an institution, credentials, or perceived political legitimacy. A reporter is an artist taking risks in a trade with real public value. The modern journalist is a kind of official court jester, selectively using the cover of speech protection to carefully trade favors for "access." If as a society we want better reporting, reporters need money and autonomy. Viewed this way, the availability of gigs in PR to support the art, especially at the expense of the preciousness of journalism, is of net benefit to all. One hopes he has read this, a classic slate star codex post on leadership: https://siderea.dreamwidth.org/1209794.html#cutid1 Sincere questions for Musk would be: How are you supporting your management team when you've asked their subordinates to bypass them with good ideas for exposure, leaving them only to provide risks and bad news their subordinates didn't want to bring forward? How do local team leaders take risks when their team is encouraged to defect and draw in the exec at the first sign of controversy, or just opportunistically? How do your teams commit to shared outcomes when an arbitrary member can call in a veto from the top? How do you as the owner not become the bottleneck (and blocker) while everyone clambers to have your support their pet issue because they know nothing is going to get traction without your royal assent? How do managers not just fire people who call in your air support for things they are in fact wrong about, and how do managers trust those people to be a part of the team after? His company, his rules. But having seen this kind of naive abdication of responsibility for effective delegation in practice, it is reasonable to ask how this thing scales when you add the uncertainty of a random super veto, and encourage and reward transgression. edit: better link to "The Asshole Filter," article. It's a bit pedantic at the beginning, but when he defines it as "transgressiveness or willingness to transgress," it becomes much more clear. That's the trouble with great ideas in blogs. Here's the essence of it: "If you tell people "the only way to contact me is to break a rule" you will only be contacted by rule-breakers. But wait, it can get worse. If, despite telling everyone to use the departmental email address, Fred personally handles – expedites – the requests of people who email him at his personal email account, he is now rewarding those who transgress. So far, I've been talking about being an asshole (or not) – that is, transgressiveness – as a fixed trait. But that's not how personality works, even assuming it is a personality trait. If it is a personality trait then it's more like a "set point" for something that varies with circumstances. Which means if you reward it, you will get more of it." https://www.reddit.com/r/slatestarcodex/comments/747694/the_... is the closest I can find to it. The work I did on mobile encryption was framed thusly: - Deriving a key for all devices from a single key creates a single, catastrophic failure mode for the solution where all devices become vulnerable together. As soon as customers figure this out, nobody serious will adopt it because they can't afford to accept that known risk exposure. - We're assuming that the HSM we're using doesn't have a bias in its key generation RNG to limit the real key space, because if I were an intel agency, that's probably the first lever I would pull. - The entropy of the additional derivation components we can source from the individual device to locally diversify keys is really limited, and some really smart people are going to be reversing our code. Apple (and unrelated, in my own work, I never worked for anyone affiliated with them) relied on limiting number of attempts in hardware (effectively) to mitigate this risk. Personally, I think the Ozzie proposal is a red herring to give the feds rhetorical leverage by providing their side with something few people understand, but can get behind politically because it's sufficiently complex as to be "our" magic vs. "their" magic. This is to drown out technical objections and make the problem a political one where they can use their leverage. As The author (Green) notes, we can design some pretty crazy things, and if the feds came out and said, "build us a ubiquitous surveillance apparatus, or at least give us complete sovereign and executive control of all electronic information." that is technically solvable problem, but in the US, legally intractable. So instead, they want those effective powers without the overt mandate. Bezos' role is to get everyone working toward the same vision. Stories go a long way toward articulating that vision. If you can write well (in your native language), it is typically a sign you can reason well. Leaders who can't write well are also interesting. There is almost a cliche about dyslexic type-A personalities, where the adapted skill of misdirecting people from your reading and writing ability as a kid manifests as a glad handing sales and dealmaker personality later on. Just as someone who doesn't write well probably doesn't reason too abstractly either, someone who writes exceptionally well can often be considered too intellectual and theoretical to lead, or lacking in the required adaptability and spontaneity. It's great that this super-CEO can write, but it's also a signal that the company is still run by a technocrat, and that it is not mature and autonomous enough as a business to be operated by a mere chief dealmaker. Thinking there is this idea on this thread that you are committing violence or harming systems by "hacking back," when really you are following a trail and picking up crumbs of identifying data the attackers left behind, through systems that were neglected in the first place. In regard to the idea that you need the law to "punish," people and that defense is against the "rule of law," that concept only applies to violence, and almost exclusively to the monopoly on violence we grant the state as part of that rule of law. Is it undermining the rule of law to chase a thief across private property? In some pedantic universe sure, but not by any standard of reasonable conduct. Shrill objections to vigilantism are not applicable to collecting counter intelligence on people who have attacked your business and property. No doubt there is legal risk from agencies and institutions who are rightly humiliated by their own powerlessness, but moralizing about vigilantism on this issue is un-serious. The Bateman character in the film was directed and shot by Mary Harron. See her other work to get an idea of what made him different. I have most of an abandoned book written on it. Abandoned because I will finish it when I can show it actually works. As a foundation, "Getting to Yes," is key, but as another commenter mentioned, it has been considered outdated because it assumes rational parties. This isn't a limit, as you need to play scales before you can play jazz, but there are no "scale recitals." "Rational," has a few concepts wrapped up in it. Main limit on the basic theories (I would say) is that it focuses on discussing a transaction with a finite outcome, positioning one another in relation to a commitment event. A raise, a consulting rate, price of a car, etc. Reality is that society has changed, and deals are really more about achieving a temporary political equilibrium. You could say they always were, but strong personal connections and relationships in business aren't as much of a factor as public reputation/image has become. In a graph sense, many "weak ties," are more valuable than a few strong ones. IMHO, traditional negotiation assumed valuing "strong tie" networks. Negotiation in a "weak tie," network has very different dynamics than a "strong tie," network. A very useful traditional reference is The Economist Guide: https://www.amazon.com/Economist-Negotiation-Z-Guide-ebook/d... It is an encyclopedia/dictionary approach to get the concepts and an overview of what people on the other side of the table likely already understand. Weak tie negotiation uses some of the same traditional techniques, but requires more advanced concepts from some other authors. Maybe I should finish that book. A lot of mixing business solutions with models. I have a meta-model I use to determine the mechanism of how a given company makes money. Simplest is the service model. Most complex is arbitrage. There are 3 in between. Variables are the scaling factors. Question isn't "how does it make money," but rather, "of possible transaction types how must it make money and how do its factors scale?" There is a short list of ways it must, and then finite factors of how it scales. Most clever to me is Renaissance Technologies who appear mainly to be an arbitrage factory. Ad-tech markets are closely related. Clever in the sense that their business is about buying clever and applying it to a limited class of increasingly esoteric arbitrage problems. From what I can tell, investment banks are essentially institutional casinos where you take a set of street level hustles and conceptually walk them back until they fit into a regulatory framework. Beating that game would be a lot of fun. Market makers like uber, airbnb, ebay and AMZN are the next smartest. A company like sharetribe is a good example of smart market making, I hope they do well. FANG companies are essentially publishers, and their business is about demographic pandering and selling viewers to advertisers/marketers. The other categories have different structure. Separating the business model from the problem and solution gives insight into just how clever they really are. There is a peculiar cultural issue where many Canadians think of work as being granted a job as a reward for their virtuousness instead of being part of a market. You can hear it every time someone complains how qualified they are but unhappy with their lot. As though business were some great paternal force that gave out jobs and higher salaries for good behavior. When you view this ostensible sense of fairness as entitlement to rewards for having merely complied with social norms, in addition to a general suspicion of deal making, it becomes clear why they will work for less. There is also a structural problem in Canadian tech where much of the real money is made by "consulting," companies who exist as the result of it being difficult to fire and lay off employees, and the delta of high marginal income vs. corporate tax rates. These companies take a %50 or more cut of a contractor's pay to insulate employers from the regulatory and tax risks of keeping and firing real employees. That is, to maintain public entitlements instead of private ones. Companies still pay top dollar for talent, just not to the talent. So long as you aren't a busybody about what the Jones's are up to, Canada has a great quality of life. Unfortunately for Globe writers, that temptation appears to be too great. This is fantastic. Reminds me of Hofstadter's conversations between Achilles and a Tortoise. The trouble with most math I've encountered isn't the concepts, it's the quality of the abstractions we use to represent and interpret them. The best(worst) example I can think of is the Alice/Bob description of cryptographic protocols, where somebody's idea of teaching is, "let's take these symbolic representations and instead of just shouting them at you slowly, I will obfuscate them with a set of conceptually unrelated words and repeat the representation word for word in a more patronizing way." Great piece of writing. The discussion is a proxy for how executive decisions are made for glibc, and in particular by whom. The merit of a stale joke from the 90s is meaningless, and posturing about its appropriateness is disingenuous. Open source principals have always been eccentric (Torvalds, Raymond(!), etc.), and the FOSS community tolerated it not only because of their technical contributions, but because the open source community itself is an expression of tolerance based on shared objectives. Of course others would like to wield their influence in the generation of the DNA of the internet, and there is a tremendous amount to be gained by scandalizing, discrediting, and isolating its core maintainers. Perhaps eventually RMS will come around and remove the joke himself, after finding it does not stand the test of time. But it would go a long way to resolving this if they could demonstrate they aren't just using the joke as a pretext for scandal to undermine the decision making structure of a project. It's clearly not about the joke. Except that perhaps RMS's approval and veto are no longer legitimate? It's not ascribing ill will at all. They've stumbled on a canary or a "brown M&M," where regardless of how good they think they are, they've transgressed a boundary of the implicit agreement of who has final say. They would have to be good and faithful to have contributions approved to glibc, so I would argue that's not the point. As the principals age, the question of succession and governance in key open source projects will become more explicit. Seems they walked into this one. (A)lice and (B)ob set up a channel. (E)ve is an evesdropper. When the only thing you change is to personify A, B, and E in your narrative description of a logical protocol, you are not making an analogy or an abstraction. Sequence diagrams, BAN logic, UML, pseudo code and other protocol notations are not teaching analogies, they are specifications. Some more useful than others. Teaching analogies and abstractions are more of a mix of use cases, literally analogous functional relationships, black boxing, edge cases and boundary conditions. The "why" behind the "how." That Alice and Bob can be replaced in every situation with (A) and (B) means they are not abstractions or analogies, and are therefore patronizing cartoons that obfuscate useful information. I could have been more clear and less punchy. It's a sensitive topic and perhaps my pen leapt from its scabbard a bit. :) From the tone deaf product org that brought you google glass and whatever wave was, comes a solution that does not so much pretend to be human for you as it does simply dispense with the need for you pretend you possessed any humanity whatsoever at all. Next, google Snap! A robot that snaps its fingers at service people to get their attention... Amazon is useful and makes good margins on economical services, where Apple basically defines middle class identity. Where Amazon is something you use, Apple makes something you identify as part of your personal story. Instagram has a similar play, where it is a platform for democratized celebrity, people "become," Instagram famous. Facebook is more of an individual signalling tool for people who have already won, or who just don't understand the game. To me FBs long game looks like a dystopian malignant Equifax. Oddly, Reddit has Instagram level upside if only they could hire someone with vision, and build an org that could execute on it instead of handwringing about solving political problems. Apple is a gatekeeper to aspiration, and the demand characteristics of that are unlimited. The stat in the article does not surprise me at all. I once saw a fridge magnet that said "time is natures way of making sure everything doesn't happen all at once," and it's stuck with me. The concept of time not being "real," can be useful as an exercise for modelling problems where to fully explore the problem space, you need to decouple your solutions from needing them to occur in an order or sequence. From an engineering perspective, "removing" time means you can model problems abstractly by stepping back from a problem and asking, what are all possible states of the mechanism, then which ones are we implementing, and finally, in what order. This is different from the relatively stochastic approach most people take of "given X, what is the necessary next step to get to desired endstate." More simply, as a tool, time helps us apprehend the states of a system by reducing the scope of our perception of them to sets of serial, ordered phenomena. Whether it is "real," or an artifact of our perception is sort of immaterial when you can choose to reason about things with it, or without it. A friend once joked that math is what you get when you remove time from physics. I look forward to the author's new book. The idea of time being real or not raises the question of whether it's, a) always necessary to consider, and b) whether viewing a problem in the scope of a time domain always necessarily adds more information than it removes from scope. It's just interesting to consider whether assuming time as a necessary variable can create an artificial constraint on reasoning. The specific example I was thinking of is in an ontology, where you have all these types of information, related in different ways, that are all factors in each others behavior, but you can't model the whole thing as a function or transaction. That is, adding time (a transaction order) reduces the scope of what you can include in your model. From a writerly laymans perspective, asking whether time is a real and universal property of all systems or an artifact of how we interpret them, is analogous to imagining we were studying physics with a heuristically useful, but generally limiting presupposition. One which would be like presuming all algorithms were in P, all graphs had hamiltonian cycles, all consistent theorems were true, etc. Then considering the consequences of the alternative. It's all very meta and fun to think about, but I suppose that's what this topic is about. So to clarify, we can choose to use time whether it's real or not. The question is, given it isn't always applicable, and it may not always be necessary where it is partially so, are there situations where it causes paradoxes where it is a source of noise instead of information, and how can we know when applying it whether it causes one or the other? Godel as a logician would have approached it as just another formalism. If reconciling models of physical phenomena with models of time produces inconsistency and paradoxes, he'd ask whether we were first sure that was time intrinsic to those physical phenomena, or does our model of time impose an arbitrary constraint on our ability to reason more abstractly about them. My point is that it's a reasonable question with related applications. Not sure there is a wrong to be here. Question should be re-framed as, of what is an undergrad degree a "costly and honest signal"? Great paper, there goes my weekend. Initial impression is that theoretical place to look for attacks on an implementation would be simultaneously against the derivation components in the KDFs, (const0, 1), which appear to be the basis for iterating the chain keys to gen msg keys (other than the hmac of the previous one) - and on the derivation of a chains root key from (I think) the contents of that initial 3DH key agreement. If I were sabotaging an implementation, I would probably examine the impact of reducing the entropy of these components. Even then, you would have to precompute chains of message keys for each sender/recipient combination. Using the previous key HMAC in the KDF to increment message and chain is a really nice touch as it removes the dependency on a static counter or a universal GF counter seed across all client instances. Whether these intuitions are correct or not, what the protocol effectively does (very well) is force an attacker to target an individual users device to get message cleartext, as even if an implementor made a bunch of mistakes, the diversity of keys across senders and recipients makes passive mass surveillance impractical. IMHO, the most economical "mass," attack against it would be to identify its messages on the wire, then auto-exploit the endpoint devices, install screen grabbing spyware, and harvest that data. Hardly passive or scaleably undetectable. Nice. My experience with Root Cause Analysis is it's often an exercise for poor managers to deflect accountability by diluting it among more junior people. However, 5-whys is very useful as a design principle instead of using it to respond to failure. It goes something like: 0: build a thing why 1: because customer asked why 2: because thing is what they think they need why 3: because it is one solution to a gap in their ability to achieve something. why 4: because that something is an economic need. why 5: because market opportunity to fill that gap with something, maybe this thing, maybe something better. Way to get motivated again: I get asked a lot why I left architecture and tech to be in product, and now, bootstrapping a relatively non-technical collaboration platform. My answer is that it's solving similar problems just at a higher level of abstraction. It's moving from a perfect information game of development to an imperfect information game of alignment and persuasion. It's like a context switch from chess to poker.* Going back into learning mode with books on sales and business is really refreshing. Shockingly, once I cobbled my demo together it didn't just start raining term sheets. My impression is that people who know what it's like to be here don't let it out as not to discourage others. However, what I still believe is, we don't regret things we take all the way. What we live to regret is the the pulled punch, the hedged bet, the b-plan, the retreat, the fold, the concession, the job, the approval of people we don't admire, the unsaid, the declined invitation, the judgment, the things we held on to or didn't let go, and the lack of belief in ourselves - these are the things that will shake you awake at night in middle age, and I assume, forever thereafter. When you finish something, you need to "pop," up a level of problem solving. It's analogous skills, just with new tools and variables. Oddly, it's also a way to rest. There is an old saying that translates to "a change is as good as a break," and getting my code to the point where I could not touch it for a week while I worked my pipeline and have a demo meeting where it just worked was a huge confidence and energy boost. Take time to invest in reading some books on business in your field. It has massive returns and feels like a break. A more in depth version of this article that covers more examples: http://hplusmagazine.com/2013/05/10/gardens-as-crypto-water-... De-identification of data sets (like cryptography) is a very difficult problem. It is great that people are building tools for this. Even if I were skeptical of one or another in particular, the availability of tools popularizes the discussion of what is necessary and sufficient for de-identifying data. The main use case I worked on was how to test an event driven (SOA at the time) pipeline without production data. Health information handling is very tightly regulated, so generating a test data set large enough that reflected the needs of the system was a significant challenge. Engineers couldn't just copy some production data and use it for testing. The regime I worked in that defined these rules (early PHIPA, PIPEDA in Ontario) is not unlike what people may encounter with GDPR. When I was doing this sort of work, I found that it made more sense to find the structure of the data, then synthesize it from scratch. For a data format like HL7, this is non-trivial. Synthesizing a few gigabytes of json/xml/text from a small training corpus provides incomplete test data. There are a few companies in the de-identification business, and I remember a few consulting services for it. I can think of a few ways to do this, and they aren't simple. Diamonds were the original bitcoin. Knew a bit about the diamond business from growing up. - Required huge proof of work. - Few practical use cases. - Store of value. - Highly portable. - Price a function of liquidity. - Clustered around use cases like capital flight, high denomination cash, opacity, and black market transactions, asset protection/hiding. I would argue blockchain has done more harm to the diamond market than synthetic diamonds have. Between the two, it's been a perfect storm. Flask hosted on pythonanywhere. Recommend highly. Aristotle's notion of megalopsuchia, seems richer than our modern sense of manganimity, and it is a very interesting jumping off point for personal growth. From a practical view, the temperance Aristotle required on qualities to make them virtues, could be applied with the tools of the stoics. It is important to take your mental health seriously before it reaches crisis points. By crisis, I mean where other people make choices for you as a result of your forfeit of authority in the situation. There was a situation in Canada where police incident reports were shared with the U.S. border authorities under a law enforcement information sharing agreement, and a few people were denied entrance to the U.S. as a result of historic crisis encounters with police. Cops aren't bad, but institutions can be callous. Similarly, the record of a mental health crisis (or failing to disclose it) can have an impact on certain kinds of insurance, security clearances, (as above) travel, custody agreements, and by extension, jobs. Learn to stay mentally healthy, and realize that it is an investment you make, often at the cost of other immediate things, which pays off as the result of sound decisions compounded over years. I've found the necessary condition of assuming atheism in a lot of cog.sci discussions can become a kind of "the floor is lava," constraint, where it seems like a game where you can reason about these things credibly so long as you don't fall into a deist trap. Hopping from island to island of logical consistency is fun and drives material innovation, which even perhaps provides a kind of moral teleology you can backfit to political problems - but viewed from outside, it can seem like a bit of a game. It would be really interesting to read a theologians view of AI, maybe a question for Google's Vatican office (if there were one)? What would be interesting to me is whether someone working from the faith presumption might yield useful ideas for what we're concluding from a material view. Ethically in particular. It's not so much discussing whether (a given) religion is true, but what the consequences of a religious premise may be, and whether they provide useful tools. We've been studying it for millennia, surely there is something helpful in there. If we necessarily exclude it, asking what the consequences of that negative definition are is also worth considering. There are things we believe today that mean persons have political rights, but personhood itself is a pretty rough consensus with some big ethical arguments around the edges (animals, cells, chimeras, corporations, lab specimens, bladerunners, etc.) Does it suffer, should it, and how might that change us if it does, or doesn't? Of course we can sound these things out for ourselves, but the silliness around consciousness studies seemed rooted in that very effort, and to me its worth asking if it's an artifact of the constraints we've imposed. Oddly, it would be interesting why evolution would select for a tendency toward having beliefs. If dogs and cats had "it," but were simply unburdened by needing to reconcile it with their facility to act through others (language), it could be seen to exist in them. Fish returning to spawning grounds could be an expression of belief, just as ritual fighting among deer during the rut, bees doing mating dances, etc. There is an underlying urge to continue life, and rituals for efficient, relatively non-destructive sorting for collective survival emerge across species. That our sorting uses our unique facility (language) kind of makes sense. There are a number of precedents for this using game theory and simpler models: Salience Models: https://pmstudycircle.com/2015/09/salience-model-to-analyze-... Predictioneers Game Model: http://harvardpolitics.com/books-arts/the-mathematical-proph... Attacker Defender Games: https://imowensims.wordpress.com/2015/12/29/attacker-defende... When you add Nassim Taleb's "intolerant minority," rule ( https://medium.com/incerto/the-most-intolerant-wins-the-dict... ) I would be willing to bet you could reconstruct much of that this research as described is proposing. I like graphs for a lot of things, and I think they are going to supercharge our ability to learn things. However, while expressing this research as a graph sounds interesting, if you take the view that pretty much everything that can be expressed as objects and morphisms can therefore be expressed as a graph, and there is a bunch of game theory that already describes this, it's possible the graphyness of any proposition is illustrative, and not evidence. I'm looking forward to the paper and am glad the author has been able to articulate this phenomenon in a popular way, but the press release has triggered a cynical intuition. Reading this through the lens of a current era where hierarchies are being subsumed by networks, and then reasserting themselves, this was written in a similar context, can't help but recommend "The Square and the Tower," a recent book that talks about the historical tension between networks and hierarchies. Obligatory Niall Ferguson link for modern take on history, and a pleasant sunday afternoon listen: https://youtu.be/f3rhUZPNqX0?t=576 It is a relief to see this view reflected. In an efficient market for business talent, VC should not exist. They could be seen as in effect talent arbitrageurs. Something about business culture over a certain size creates a massive inefficiency where someone with the level of skill required to build a successful product is not snapped up by existing firms. Personally, I like anyone who takes an arbitrageurs view because to me betting against bullshit is a costly signal of outlier intelligence. However, viewed this way, it's not about kids in hoodies. College dropouts were useful because the key signal (ivy certificate) that gets them picked up by a firm that would smother their productivity, had been suppressed. That they were selected for the school in the first place was a great negative filter as well, so betting on the remainder is practically a no-brainer. Given the exponential distribution of returns, from a statistical perspective, there isn't much value in explanations for failure because it's by far the most probable outcome anyway. e.g. who cares why startups fail, %90+ of them necessarily must, and merely avoiding a subset of failure scenarios is not equivalent to success. In that environment, there is only one necessary condition for 80th+ percentile talent to maintain: survival. Being the person who climbs up that return curve means surviving the twin perils running out of runway, and of being snapped up by a firm for a job you were originally more suited to anyway. This second peril is the other major attrition factor that prevents people from benefiting from survivor bias. The business of VCs who throw money at geeks in hoodies is to mitigate the former and get exposure to that overlooked subset of the latter. Given the remaining members of that sample, the people who also selected out of being snapped up for jobs will be necessarily over represented - and on that very steep curve. I think this explains why investors like colorful founder stories, because they are (consciously or not) looking for how the founders 1-stddev+ talent signal might have been suppressed. Good news is: the confluence of a) an exponential distribution of success and returns, b) the guaranteed competitor attrition from failures, and c) the further guaranteed competitor attrition from the job market - survivor bias may be less of a bug, and rather, a feature. Was watching an Uber eats courier on a carbon fiber bike with electric boost, complaining about the order routing and dispatch AI he worked for, while exhaling clouds of bug juice he was pulling from a small electronic element he kept on his belt. Not cyberpunk, just poor. Part of why I don't use the Toronto UP link is: - I didn't know it was completed and operating. - Bulk of residential population is 30-45min+ subway ride from Union Station anyway, might have assumed people travel from their offices. - If due to a subway delay I miss a flight because I only paid $15 and wanted to save $30, the savings doesn't justify the risk. The independent probabilities of unavoidable delays on each leg of journey add up, where in car there are alternate routes. - Would consider taking train if it came with flight insurance. - There is no clear signage at arrivals of where the UP line is, as signage favors limousines, then taxis, then pickup, etc. - Any signage would need to include scheduling information as walking to train to find it's not running means never going back. I supported the UP line in principle when they were talking about building it, but can see why their numbers aren't up yet. Would imagine identifying works from stolen art registers via image search would be main use case. Demonstrating evidence and being persuasive are very different things. Convey evidence by plugging it into a model, usually a visual one, like a matrix, using a socratic, catagorical approach. Hint: if your visual model lacks clear symmetry, I guarantee it also lacks coherence. Looking at you, class diagram modellers and bad architects. The model requires visual symmetry to determine information completeness. If you would like to be persuasive, start by being funny, then refine that skill into becoming insightful. To people doubting whether the ape "understood," the language, a useful test is whether it used language as a) a tool to operate on its environment through others, and b) to realize individually originated intent. There is another criteria for basic intelligence whether the subject is capable of reasoning about objects that are not physically present. A dog scratching at a door to signal its desire that it wants you to open it, is arguably using language. Responding to commands is not necessarily using or understanding language as it can just be explained as being acted upon. I'm sure there is a philosophical catgory for this interpretation, of language as tool, but it has a lot of ethical consequences. The inverse of all this surveillance is using CRM for everyday things. I can often tell when someone (recruiter, SaaS sales, dentist, etc) calls me because they have an alert in their CRM that the contact is cooling. Is it insincere? No, that's the depth of our relationship. So long as they aren't pretending to be zealously enthusiastic in that weirdly corporate, millennial zombie cheerleader way, I will deal with them. To me, for airline and other staff to address me by my first name is like being addressed as "Comrade," where only a counter-revolutionary could object to being addressed as a comrade, and would clearly require that I be marked as what I can only assume to be a problematic opportunity, and scheduled for enhanced scrutiny. The horses of dystopia have already left the barn, it's just a matter of how you choose to live out your remainder of it. "Ok?" So she's a family office for single people. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family_office ) The Varian Rule, which is about how the future resembles how the rich live today, the middle and poorer classes will have tomorrow, may apply here. Multi-family offices for middle net worth individuals seem like a plausible future. I can't seem to convince my lawyer and accountant friends that this is a viable service because (I think) they are basically not entrepreneurial, and big firms don't offer it because they are already fighting and maintaining position in the HNWI market. A one-stop shop that handles everything from taxes, to parking tickets, legal advice, to investments, insurance, and even medical, could be worth it for a lot of people. What makes it viable now is that families with the kind of money worth professional management are still actually working for it each day, that is, still making this kind of money on their labor instead of returns on capital, so they have the income (albeit less in assets), but not the time to manage it properly. I would look forward to using such a service...one day. :) Arguably, that Lamborghini is even a thing suggests otherwise. There is tons of new and younger money out there that could be deployed to build real lasting foundations for families, at least enough for grandchildren to have private school and college taken care of. > But the blockchain community’s trumpeting of features they love without attention to the public goods that citizens actually value is dangerous for the future of this technology. Steinbeck's famous quip about Americans, "socialism never took hold in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires," can be adapted for Canadians as something along the lines of, "libertarianism isn't plausible in Canada because the middle class see themselves not as minor property millionaires, but as a nation of deputy ministers and professors on sabbatical." As a non-cryptocurrency holder, and non-libertarian, some critics take a a tone that I think prevents meaningful debate and discussion. The strength of cryptocurrencies is that they facilitate capital flight, so regardless of their localized legality, so long as this use case is viable, they will have both liquidity and value. Arguments that they cannot exist if they do not provide an intrinsic mode of enforcement with appeals to "crime," are relative to jurisdiction. Nobody would care if Putin, Mugabe, Maduro, or many other leaders complained something was being used for crime against their states. We'd probably even advocate it. The argument of, "build something that facilitates the existing distribution of privileges among current coalitions or we will round you up for prison," is what many might call "on the wrong side of history." Is this thread full of standard literary cannon works because of an engineering bias against non-instruction manuals? I hope we've moved past the engineering cliche of "I don't read fiction, why would I read something someone just made up?"