I'm very curious as to what they are going to do about the slow but steady rollout of DNSSEC around the world, given the main point is to stop spoofed responses (i.e. their business). Remember that PostgreSQL isn't run by a commercial enterprise, it's written by volunteers who as a general group couldn't care less about marketing, market share or what your business wants. For an rather more extreme example of this see OpenBSD, who basically say "if you want to use it go right ahead, but we build OpenBSD for our own use, not for your use." If he had just Google'd the hashes he'd have saved himself $2, considering there was no salting. (in response to tptacek below) it doesn't help against a single hash, but for multiple hashes you scale up the amount of work required by the number of salts in use. To get the undergraduate degree at Cambridge you have to pass the examinations for Part I and II (some subjects have IA, IB and II and others have I, IIA and IIB), along with some other crazy medieval rules. You can trivially switch once you've completed Part I, and also within the first weeks of starting Part I; there are some other circumstances but these are the most common. I find it pretty hard to believe the iOS review monkeys have the technical ability to reason about the disassembly of a binary (if sufficiently obfuscated there are maybe 1000 people tops on Earth with the ability to do this). As long as the operating system has a dynamic linker all bets are off wrt. static analysis, and the halting problem definitely applies to automated analysis. If the OS allows writable pages to ever be executable then you can pretty easily hide your nasty code in the low order bits of an innocent looking data file (say an image), then pull them out and execute them at runtime. hence "to ever be executable", they don't need to be writable and executable, as long as at one point they are writable (for you to dump your code in), then at some point they're executable (writable or otherwise). as for dlopen(), you could just compile that directly into your app rather than using it from libc/libdl, bypassing that limitation entirely. that's pretty incredible, I'm genuinely surprised. I suppose it's possible when you start from scratch, there's no way they could do that on the Mac. In the UK the merchant is not permitted to touch the customers card; all the card readers face the customer and are used by the customer (restaurants all have mobile PIN entry devices). Now each credit card in the UK is has a chip (which uses end-to-end crypto), they're looking to phase out magstripes completely. Currently if the merchant has to fallback to using the magstripe then he'll have considerably less protection against customer fraud, and he'll pay a much higher transaction fee. Square would not be permitted to operate in the UK. since Windows 2000 you've been able to register COM components in HKEY_CURRENT_USER. there's no online component... your phone takes the current time (divided by some value), the secret key, and performs a cryptographic function on it, then the system you're logging into does the same thing and compares the results. with secureid the secret key is fixed in the hardware (and RSA keep a copy of the key), whereas with Google authenticator you can generate and input the key yourself, so that Google never sees it. don't most people use their ISPs DNS servers, making this mostly irrelevant? the latter, e.g. I'd assume an competent ISP with a large customer presence on the west coast would have DNS servers for their customers on the west coast, or just use anycast... and VS is no IDEA, which also has Python support! seems like a lot of effort. I don't really care if my CC details appear in some IRC channel on EFNet, as I'm not liable for fraudulent use... a simple phone call to my card provider and they'll issue a chargeback... indeed, or pypi, or PEAR, and I'm sure ruby has something similar too and as a user of packages, rather than a package developer, I care about precisely none of that functionality. I want this package installed (plus its dependencies), and I want it now, that's all. I'm not sure I buy that (paraphrased) "Perl is good because CPAN has billions more packages than other language's repos" either, for one I remember trying to find a library that did SHA1 digests, there were three, and I managed to pick the one that give incorrect results... of course in Python it's just built-in, as are sockets, http, smtp, imap... I guess understanding why purely language bound code (which most likely accounts for 95% of the packaged code out there), e.g. an object system, would need testing across the cartesian product of all versions, all OSes and all archs, is beyond me... I guess when you have a language that doesn't have a specification, you require things like this... yes, but the point is if the utility provided by these "dists" would be mostly useless for other languages, then it's hardly honest to use said feature to promote CPAN (and therefore perl) against other languages. the review system is a questionable advantage too, as I don't want to go digging through 16 SMTP packages to find the best one, and especially as I suspect most people install CPAN modules through the command prompt (or via their distro's package manager), rather than digging through a website. I also note that Python tends to adopt the best packages into the standard library... in the UK offset mortgages are one solution to this problem: say you have a mortgage of £200k remaining, and £50k in a linked instant access savings account, then you only pay interest on £150k (no tax to pay on that effective interest either). if you've done Java commercially you've used sub-par tools. 1. any decent IDE will compile as you type 2. I'll give you this one 3. Java supports dynamic class reloading, it works out of the box with jetty. 4. you just press "run" in the ide. 5. same applies to java, just requires you take your (automatically built) .class file 6. I'm not sure how difficult you think JDBC is.. you just give it the connection string and the driver name. 7. just drop the war into your servlet directory, and you're done so the war is just built trivially by the IDE when you use a webapp type project. no messing around with the classpath as the war contains all dependent jars. if you want clean builds you set up something like jenkins (with the automatically generated exported build files). 1) and 3) I was referring to development, you can just code away and hit F5 to see your results the same way in Java you can with PHP. wrt database jars/binaries: a modern IDE does this all for you too, and is all output into the target war. doesn't look like you can turn it off once you visit that page... great sunk cost fallacy? their support is excellent too, I've had Eddy Nigg (the founder) respond to emails within 10 minutes on several occasions. sounds very much like the "current generation" to me, ZFS has done just about everything that article covers for a while, and it supports most of this too: "The NTFS features we have chosen to not support in ReFS are: named streams, object IDs, short names, compression, file level encryption (EFS), user data transactions, sparse, hard-links, extended attributes, and quotas." liability in the UK is different: credit card transactions are heavily protected (you're guaranteed to get your money back), whereas direct bank transfers are vastly less protected (with the exception of direct debits). can you even have a one-off direct debit? I didn't think the system was really designed for that. wouldn't it be easier (and have the same effect) if you just wrapped 100 statements (or say 60 seconds) of delay-able INSERTS into a transaction with the correct isolation value set? or use INSERT DELAYED and let the database do it itself. not really independent, you close that terminal and it'll probably HUP the process. disown/nohup help with this. the comparison between IE6 and Webkit is unfair: Webkit is completely open-source and under active development, whereas IE6 was propriety and dead. as a pragmatist I don't see it as an bad thing if Webkit becomes close to 100% of the browser market... as a pragmatist, I really don't care. the W3C is completely ineffective. I kinda wish Gecko and Trident would die, as it would make my life a lot easier (no more silly compatibility libraries, testing in 5 different engines, etc). what's stopping Mozilla from forking Webkit? remember that Webkit itself was a fork of KHTML... KHTML is as old as Gecko, and Webkit and Gecko are both LGPL. the killer feature back in the early 2000's was the ability to render most of the pages on the Internet as IE did, so saying that the engines were the product of standards is categorically wrong. the lack of adoption of Gecko outside of Mozilla is more to do with the fact the source code is a mess, whereas Webkit is very clean and tidy, and as a result very easy to hack on (years ago I wanted to embed Gecko in a project, and ended up using Webkit as it was actually possible to modify...). or just bored kiddies, happens quite a lot I don't see how it would be 2x: a minimal GC would just require an additional pointer per allocation (in the worst case) for the GC roots. malloc() has overhead too, typically immediately before the pointer it returns there's data about the allocation, such as the size of the alloc, magic for detecting bad free()'s, etc (though I guess a simple slab allocator would just need a single bit for each allocation, plus a pointer per slab). I have operated a rather large crawl cluster on EC2 (several hundred nodes), and I don't see why anyone would point one at a third party DNS service. we operated for about 6 months using the default resolvers than come with the AMIs, then Amazon contacted us, telling us they wanted us to stop using their recursive nameservers... apt-get install bind, point at 127.0.0.1, redeploy AMI, done (in under 5 minutes). it isn't as if a crawler cares about an extra 250ms from non-cached entries, and the bandwidth from DNS is trivial* compared to that of downloading pages. ... so why would anyone ever offer to pay you/anyone else for a recursive DNS service? it's a trivial problem... (* say 32 bytes for the query, 64 bytes for the response... 1B lookups is ~64gb, or $3.50 with Amazon's very expensive bandwidth costs) why would it matter at all, given a crawler hits many pages on the same hostname? the fact the initial request takes 250ms more is meaningless. when you also take into effect that crawlers are either: bound on sleep() if they're friendly, bound on cpu if doing processing and you have a lot of money for bandwidth, or if you don't have much money, bound on bandwidth. and given that crawlers tend to be massively parallelised, the DNS query could take minutes and you really still wouldn't care... (go and read up on Amdahl's law) aye, it's pretty easy to ptrace() ssh-agent and extract the key directly from memory. once malicious third party code has executed on your machine as you it's game over. Linux and Git exist fine without C++. C++ is many, many orders of magnitude more complex than Java, as Java was designed to be a C style object orientated language done correctly (i.e. with the foot shooting elements removed...) if you email them you can get onto the private CNAME beta! if httperf is using select() with 65k odd sockets then that could be a bottleneck... the "dumb" C impl can be faster too! it should probably fork() a few times so multiple accept()s can fight over the socket, which should probably be put into in non-blocking mode, and should also turn nagle off. for even more points you can reduce the copying of the trivial response from userspace into the kernel using sendfile()/splice(), if you mlock() it into RAM first! the printf likely reduces the throughput by a large amount too! (I've spent far too much fiddling with various syscalls for synthetic benchmarks!) everyone has different requirements... clearly those of the world don't match yours. it's a 1000x1000 image... this is a trivial problem IRC is a complex protocol that's way OTT if you just want something simple for 1:1 communication. -- author of qwebirc and this is a problem why? why is this at all important? it's not as if the end user ever contacts the root nameservers, their ISPs nameserver does, and it'll cache the rather limited set of results for hours. their phone support is excellent, I've filed a ticket twice and both times within 5 minutes I've been called on the phone, and they resolved the issue. the UK parliament basically does this already: here's an example of an act that's been modified: http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/Geo3/41/79?timeline=true and an example of a bill going through parliament: http://services.parliament.uk/bills/2012-13/financeno4/docum... yes, you're right in that versioning is not technically difficult, but getting the establishment to consider doing it (let alone actually doing it) is a major milestone. very very little, it's just doing read(), counting the bytes, then write(), with some screen output every few seconds. (hell it could even use splice() and never even see the bytes) 16GB of ECC RAM costs £150 to buy, how much RAM your webserver threads use should never be an issue. PHP's advantage is "apt-get install php5", copy your .php files in, and you're done. just seems like unnecessary serialisation and complexity when you could just define an interface to some functions? there's already a method for abstracting exchange between code: the function. unix uses pipes to pass data between processes in different address spaces, your JS runs in the same address space as the calling JS. if the processes exist in the same address space you use a library, which is an implementation of a defined set of functions (which is itself an interface); this is flat out better as it requires no tedious, error prone serialisation. there's not really a war at all, is there? ARM are completely dominant in this market. when the percentages of people that use these kinds of technologies are low then yes, it's a big sign to the spooks that "LOOK AT ME, I'M PROBABLY DOING SOMETHING INTERESTING" ... this is the reason several people I know don't use PGP signed/encryted email. it's interesting to see that that people use IE at work, and Chrome at home (see the 2 day distortions every 5 days)! what could they possibly hope to gain by defying the EU? they can't just ignore the law in a country they are operating in, especially when it's the world's biggest economy, which could just seize the assets owed without issue. you'd find it pretty difficult to demonstrate that by abusing their monopoly in the desktop shell market they caused harm in another; it was pretty easy to demonstrate for browsers. in the UK your electricity company will happily send you a currentcost device that plugs into your PC for free, and it even speaks a very simply protocol using serial over USB... I've been behind a large often-targeted service for the last 10 years or so, and most of the large attacks we get are pretty easily filtered as our service is TCP (like CloudFlare), and most of the attacks we get are either ping or UDP floods, which we drop at the boundary. a little harder is the SYN flood with spoofed addresses, how on earth can you filter those? it's just the sheer amount of packets hitting our network that cause the issue, not what is inside them! and then you send a Data Protection Act Subject Access Request (in the UK anyway), where they are legally required to divulge every single piece of information they have relating to you, including internal staff emails, feedback forms, etc. (and you're guaranteed to at least get something, as if they don't have any stored information on you then the door is wide open to discrimination suits) Remember that it's another ARM based SOC; as a percentage of gates it would surprise me if Apple's input was more than a percent. I also suspect that most of the speed and power gains come from process improvements. that quote is absolutely correct for a consumer product such as a phone, but it's disingenuous to apply it to a highly complex product used entirely for bespoke development, aimed at some of the most technical individuals around. until it silently automatically updates apparently it's a client side hack for "WoW-plus", here's the ringleader on his own forums: http://www.ownedcore.com/forums/world-of-warcraft/world-of-w... this isn't the first time Blizzard have messed up like this: they originally set the "Game Master" access level by a bit transmitted client side, and the same socket bit twiddling could be used to get into their private alpha servers... lovely interface, but the security is rendered completely pointless as the private key is generated remotely... you can't offer a secure version of this on a remote website. so by doing that you're still trusting the server not to send you evil Javascript that surreptitiously posts off your private key. it's exactly equivalent from a security perspective, unless you read every line of Javascript, in which case you might as well read the openssl manual instead and generate the CSR yourself. (note that there's a rarely used keygen type, but to sign the CSR you'd need programmatic access to the private key, again defeating any security properties). or it might just be returning the same private key for everyone! who knows? fighting an institution that makes the law probably isn't the best of ideas as I stated the last time a site like this appeared on the front page: the third party running the site has your private key, so they can decrypt everything are two openssl commands really that hard? (yes it's a self signed cert, but it's still a bad idea) compared to pushing the response back out to the client, the cost of matching against that regex is going to be insignificant, even with it being as monstrous as it is. (note that I'm not saying using that regex is a good idea!) they're acting perfectly rationally: they see third party clients as a threat to their ability to monetise, so they're killing them why anyone would expect a business to do anything else is beyond my understanding! with some ticket types (e.g. advances) the reservations are compulsory and technically you have to sit in your reserved seat! no, instead the IRA were religious radicals that thought it was OK to place car bombs in Central London, Manchester, and countless other cities, murdering hundreds of innocent people going about their daily business. The Taliban have a clear military objective too: remove the infidels and their supporters from the country that was formerly theirs. quite how this is any different from the IRA, semantically or morally, I'm really not sure. there's a resize input control in the bottom right corner, so what's the problem? this Authy service really misses the point: the numeric code is redundant when you have a separate secure device with an internet connection (i.e. a phone). when the user logs in issue a push notification, which when tapped sends the code back automatically. the numeric code can be used as a fallback if the net connection is down. the security benefits are questionable, as thieves will learn very quickly to locate the OBD II port and remove anything plugged in. If you install the JetBrains Python plugin into IDEA you get the same functionality as PyCharm, same with Ruby. are those rental prices really per quarter? if so they're making central London look exorbitant, I have friends paying that per month for studio flats! it's far too difficult to acquire them at the moment for normal citizens, at least in the UK. I spent at least 4 hours trying to legitimately acquire bitcoins to purchase some pretty physical coins from https://www.casascius.com before giving up. being driven and passionate, and having the social skills to be able criticise without upsetting people are not mutually exclusive. why is trying to replace sed/grep a bad idea? for example: ack is really, really useful. you can make your own iterator over sorted sets pretty easily with zrange I'd argue that it's just a standard engineering trade-off rather than a mistake. jar files have exactly the same issues. it's like a really really really expensive version of fork()! given that sites tend to only encode to a few formats, and given decoding is cheap cpu wise: couldn't you pipe the output of the ffmpeg decoder into a hardware encoder and get the best of both worlds? I can sure see Oracle responding to a petition on the Internet! > Have you ever considered why Firefox for Desktop appears to evolve in a slower pace than Chrome or Safari? Its because of standards. and here's me thinking it was because Firefox and Gecko consist of 20M lines completely unmaintainable, crufty C++! > as a developer I can tell you there's a huge number of differences in the way that FF and Chrome handle networking and interface standards could you explain what these changes are and how they're noticeable to the general public? I'm a developer who's written a Comet webapp you've likely used or at least seen, and I have yet to notice... for reading files and transferring over the network: the limit is always going to be the IO devices, not an extra context switch and a few extra copies... easy: having your machines cost 50% more due to the Microsoft tax makes the entire point of having bucket-loads of cheap hardware utterly irrelevant. people forget that ATOC exists to protect and further the interests of their members: the privately owned Train Operating Companies -- they don't owe random developers anything. Network Rail on the other had are (basically) state owned, and their extremely comprehensive feeds are now completely open: http://www.networkrail.co.uk/data-feeds/ these feeds even include the raw signalling data (you even get events when trains activate level crossings) -- there's nothing stopping you building your own NRE API. I've been slowly building up a database of signal locations/berths to lat/longs by matching up my physical position (while riding on the train) to the NR feed events, with the idea of being able to produce a much better map of where the trains are in realtime. I'd agree with most of his points, but he has conflated mapreduce, yarn and hdfs into "hadoop". the "assembly language" stuff is only accurate if you're writing raw mapreduce jobs, but he's ignored projects like hbase, hive, pig, impala and cascading. the HA issues with the namenode have mostly gone away with CDH4.1. the one thing that's a complete pain is the lack of snapshotting functionality in hdfs, making consistent backups nearly impossible. the APIs for hdfs and yarn are poorly designed and pretty buggy, they're very obtuse and hard to debug. if you manage to find any documentation it's almost certainly wrong for the version you're using. nine times out of ten it's quicker to step into the source code rather than digging into the documentation. however once you've abstracted away the poor APIs it does work very well, and the pay is good... believe it or not Windows has actually had a POSIX subsystem since the NT days, and MS still provide it for Windows 8. I'm not sure what POSIX certified means, but Windows is UNIX in the same way Mac OS X is... I'm sure if we did that then our auditors and compliance officers would love the fact that we chose a system with full knowledge that we'd be breaking the contract we bought it under. I think it's lost on this guy that git and github aren't the same thing, and that github's dominance is the complete centralisation of what's supposed to be a decentralised version control system... guess they won't be returning to iOS then... if she owns the property but not the land (i.e. the house is a leasehold instead of a freehold), she has a landlord that is where it all originates from: our property/land laws are all built on medieval law, as we haven't had a revolution to shake things up! houses are nearly always freeholds, whereas flats (apartments) are normally leaseholds, as it would be unfair if one flat owning tenant has land rights over the others. recently the government has given leaseholders the right to purchase the freehold from their landlord (if they all agree), but this involves setting up a company that all leaseholders are shareholders/directors of, with all the rights and responsibilities that that entails. assuming it's like the UK you just fill in a form on government website, wait a few weeks, and your cheque arrives in the post https://www.moneyclaim.gov.uk