I've considered launching a kickstarter for one of my side projects to help pay for my living while I work on my real startup. It seems like it would be extremely time consuming though. I thought I had read in one of those that PG really wants to replace banks and credit cards. Or maybe it was someone else. Either way, that's one of the things I'd love to get into as far as "big picture" stuff (along with a cloud-based "space station" on venus, but the bank thing might be slightly less difficult). I'd completely revamp the entire purchase process, as much as legally possible (and realistically doing that would also require lobbying to change any outdated laws we can that aren't being protected by the other banks. You'd have to go after all the peripheral laws first I feel like, or else the banks would crush you with their influence). The entire transfer of funds and the documentation of the purchase would be re-done based on what we can actually do with this kind of data. It's insane that my bank only tells me things like "AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COM/BILL WA 06/26" for an amazon purchase. Mint tries to parse that and just has no idea how to classify it. The truth is, the bank should only get sufficient information for facilitating the transfer, and there needs to be a simple system of reporting detailed purchase info directly from the store to the user. Getting this to work with many vendors would be a pain, but it doesn't help that currently I don't know anything about those systems. I have some ideas on how to kind of abstract that out... So... this is really interesting and I have no idea what any of it says. I haven't tried google translate yet but there's also text on the images... Anyway, can someone (perhaps the original poster) explain what specifically is happening? :) ...why? Because it's arabic? Ooohhh, scary arabic. Or they're talking about spies and bombs? Don't we talk about those things on hacker news too? I can't read it, I'm working my way through the google translation and just starting, so maybe it's all "bad" stuff, but to be honest, I hope iranians can shed some light on what our government is doing - the US government itself certainly isn't going to help with that. Hey there! I'm the designer of the product (and co-founder). Totally understand, we've been working as hard as we can to provide clear information, and I had a lot more written about encryption and cryptoauthentication before I realized it may be too focused (we want to get regular people excited about building projects). Cryptography is incredibly important to me, and my ultimate plan is for these boards to be useful in creating dark mesh nets so people can communicate freely even when others try to cut them off. The protocol will be lightweight and we support sending arbitrary data, so it shouldn't be hard to patch it into a network. I still remember the cryptocat articles from a couple months back, and the snooping from the NSA has turned me into a crypto evangelist, so I absolutely intend to provide real strong cryptography. I also understand how skeptical people are (and should be) about crypto systems, so as I'm still learning about this stuff I've been careful not to boast too much before I've got the exact system sorted. Currently the plan is full support for multiple master keys for different purposes (one for firmware updates, one for data, perhaps one for trusted guests, out of 16 total possible keys), per-packet session keys using AES-256, and I'm very curious about ECC, which it appears our system might support, since the encrypt/decrypt are software (though the new radio has an AES-128 hardware engine too). We'll give a LOT of detailed information on the development of this system as it happens (after the kickstarter). My plan is to design a system that any HN reader would be proud of. We're not going to "let open source do it", we're writing it ourselves and I've loaded my tablet full of crypto e-books so I can genuinely learn from the ground up how to do that. Even if ultimately I don't write the software, I absolutely will not sell a system as cryptographically secure unless I personally understand how it is built and why it is secure. We can do DSSS, but our radio engineer (google Earl McCune) advised us that FHSS, while in some ways more complex (actually he just said it's tricker to design "right", which I'm fine with), will be vastly better for rejecting interference and intentional blocking. Hey HN! I'm the creator and co-founder of this project. I've been designing robots since I was 15 and hacking on electronics since I could hold a screwdriver. What I think you'll like most about this project is the open source long range encrypted wireless link our mesh provides. I discovered Hacker News about a year ago and have been a regular reader since, so I remember Cryptocat, the NSA, and all the other things that reminded us why cryptography is important, and why implementing it is critical. So, a few answers: Yes, you can do encrypted mesh networks over long range. I'm a hardcore robotics guy at heart - the name "Flutter" was chosen exactly because this protocol is designed to be as lightweight as possible, and though the mesh protocol itself is still being developed (basically, that's why we need kickstarter, aside from the fact that I'm tired of ramen), I really intend for the protocol to stay out of the way. You'll also have full control over what happens, so you can always turn meshing off and use hard addressing. It's still really simple to use that way and cheaper than everything else I've seen that compares. I absolutely will not sell a product as "cryptographically secure" unless I believe it is, and I understand that the "smallest" flaw in a cryptographic system can render the entire system worthless. I am learning everything I can about cryptography, starting with some amazing e-books I have found on the subject, and just like wireless Our data rate is proportional to our range (this is generally true for any radio system), so we get 1km range at low data rates (1200baud tested, but we physically ran out of test room and had a strong signal). Theoretically this radio can do 3km at 1200 baud and it looks like we should be able to do 1km at 30kbps at least. Also I think the new radio chip doubles all the data rates in these cases (I would have to confirm), and I do know the new chip has higher transmit power and higher sensitivity, so range should be even better. There is a cheap radio amplifier (PA and LNA) called the CC1190, and texas instruments has all kinds of datasheets on using either of the two radios we are working with to give us 10km range, or much better data rates at 1km, etc. We're going to design the protocol with expansion in that direction in mind, if people really dig the range thing (it's a bit much for a beer brew setup, but if you want dark meshnets, lets do it!) I'm a hacker at heart. I first learned lockpicking at the old Noisebridge location (the original one). I love 3D printers and open source, did a rant/thread about open hardware on the Ultimaker mailing list a year back (I was one of the first in the bay area to get an Ultimaker too, and designed a new mount for it that I have on thingiverse). I got on hackaday for some 3d printed helicopter blades, and have been building robots since I was 15. There's a longer bio about me on our site, at flutterwireless.com See also me ten years ago talking about robots (and I feel silly for the "few people do" comment, but I was 15 and trying to keep it simple). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs Please ask me anything! We are definitely designing these to support mesh networks, and though I haven't written it down anywhere yet, we're not going to default the radios to full on, that will either be automatically configured (probably too difficult, but I'll look into it) or just manually specified. I would really love to make it automatic though, and for anything under constant comms they could easily communicate their signal strength in the ack if needed to coordinate that. The mesh protocols are still under development (that's what we need Kickstarter for!). Our wifi + ethernet shield makes it easy to have an always on device that routes traffic for home Flutter networks, but you can also just plug the board into your PC over USB and feed it traffic that way, you can run arbitrary data of any size over the link and all communications are guaranteed (or explicitly timeout), so I think piping TCP/IP over it will be easy. You can also use a raspberry pi and one of our boards to accomplish what the network shield does (for roughly the same price) but the network shield is designed for exactly this purpose, and many people will find value in that. It's tough to pitch an Arduino with lots of highly technical capabilities - Arduino users just want to know "but can i make a wireless beer brew setup?" That's the kind of information we try to speak to on the KS page. We're also still learning what questions people have! Hah, thanks for the edit. Yeah we've already gotten the range. I've even checked the output of our boards with a radio expert (google Earl McCune, he's an advisor), and using his many expensive Agilent scopes we've experimentally verified that performance of my design is pretty much exactly on par with the reference designs, taking into account that we are using a custom designed RF balun [1] instead of the discretes they use on the reference design. Our RF Expert confirmed I had made a good choice with that, as the losses are tiny compared to ease of manufacturing it provides. [1] (I think it's this one, I'd have to check the part number, they have a couple similar ones). http://www.johansontechnology.com/datasheets/chipset-specifi... The plan is for it to be my favorite, and I'm designing it, so I hope so! I'm trying to design the system I've needed for years, because the problems I've had building robots generalize to nearly all the problems that Arduino users have. We are aiming to nail this. Honestly I completely didn't expect the outpouring of support from international backers. We're two hackers in silicon valley building a product out of my apartment, and honestly canada, mexico, europe - I'm not surprised you guys want it (that's the point!) but I was completely blown away at how serious the international support is! I'm thrilled, excited, and happy to figure it out though! I think we probably can sell in all of North America without changes, I'm checking on it. Europe is also pretty easy design wise, I just need to consult with our radio expert about certification, it was something I just did not look into, with all the things it takes to make this happen! But I should update the FAQ to say "we're" looking into it, since we absolutely now are! exactly this ^ Absolutely! There's lots of hardware around, but being able to turn an Arduino project into an emergency beacon or IP link has some benefits too, and $20 is likely cheaper than what's been around. At $20 these are commodity prices, which I don't think we've had for high quality general purpose computing + wireless platforms. Yup, but we can 868MHz in Europe, and with all the support from international backers I think we may end up doing that as a stretch goal! Just have to talk it our with our RF expert, which we're doing! Thanks! He's a serious silicon valley radio expert. He actually was a member of the homebrew computer club and brushed shoulders with Woz and Jobs before spending the rest of his career advancing radio in silicon valley. He helped lab test my designs, and he's really been an asset in verifying that what I think I did right, I actually did (Texas Instruments has some really great reference material). We experimentally verified on his equipment that my design basically exactly matches the performance characteristics of TI's reference design, and one of our RF component suppliers offers a $600 service where they put your device in their RF chamber to test emissions, which the engineer told me is a much better deal than you'd normally get at that price, but they only do it to help customers get off the ground. Before launch we spent a lot of time speaking to a lot of other professionals and kickstarter folk who have gone through the certification process, and it sounds like it's going to be manageable, especially with Earl McCune's help! I've done all the work on my own, but having a reliable expert is extremely critical in making sure the hardware will not be a problem! Yeah, exactly this. Used to be, you buy an Arduino Fio and an xbee module[1], and for $50 you get max 100m range? Two nodes then cost $100, which is enough for one project and one device to route traffic to mobile, lets say. With Flutter, for $100 you can have 5 nodes, so you can have the beer brew monitoring, control some lights, measure the humidity of your greenhouse, and build a robotic car you can drive with your phone. We're trying to hit commodity pricing for consumer mesh hardware so people can just toss it in whatever they want to make and easily handle the communications they need. And not relying on another radio module manufacturer means we can design the product to be everything we need and nothing we don't, and only pay for board manufacture once, instead of paying for a module (which is a manufactured board) that you then put on your own manufactured board. The radio and cpu should be on the same board and should be very useful (hence open and arduino). Then we can really build a network of things. TCP/IP is a fun idea and I think people will get some use out of it for mesh and darknet purposes, but the target is Arduino users (aka "regular people"). That said, I'm designing the protocol so professionals can use it too. We may end up forking it, and doing what Raspberry Pi did, giving people Rasbian for regular folk and other distros (featured in the same place) for hardcore users. And you asked why not the shield you linked to? This is why: https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net//images/products/1/0/8/... That is a $25 shield, $23 radio, and a $29 arduino all stacked on top of eachother, and you get 100m range max. Wouldn't you rather have a single board for $20 or $30 that meets those needs and lets you reach out up to a kilometer or more? I understand your reservations, crowd funding can be a crap shoot. I've already got the BOM sorted out for the final hardware, we're just hitting kickstarter to verify that all the work required to finish this will be worth our while. The more backers we get, the easier delivering this hardware will be. I won't try to convince you of anything you can't be convinced of, but I will tell you that if you are interested I would really appreciate your support, and as per the kickstarter terms of service I can at least promise that if what we are delivering does not meet your needs, you can cancel your order and we will refund the full amount. The EULA does require me to either deliver or refund you, and I absolutely will comply with that. I'd also suggest waiting to see? You could back us at $25 so you get the updates, and then cancel before it finishes if you would prefer not to spend any money at all. And yeah, the radio chip is pretty simple. It's basically a cheap general purpose radio. The other proprietary chip is the Atmel ATSHA204, which you don't even need to use, but provides some excellent cryptographic functions. Either way, I look forward to winning you over at some point, even if that's not till the products ship and the reviews are in! :) We rated both as 1km max, but the basic will have an integrated antenna, with reduced performance. The current radio chipset theoretically maxes out at 3km though, and we haven't actually maxed out range ever, before maxing out distance (we have to use google earth just to find places!). Pro will have better range due to the antenna, but the basic will get a pretty high-performing antenna too. Eeek, good catch! Now that the level has backers I can't change it, but we are working on a better plan for international backers, and I will contact Kickstarter and see if they can open up the shipping option on that reward! I'll post an update for international backers soon! Yeah, they're in the same space as us. We hope that our range, low price, and extreme flexibility will really win people over. Wifi is not really a good protocol for Arduino. If you just want to send a few bytes (like "On", "Off", or sensor data like "215"), then wifi is across the board many levels more complex than is needed. Flutter isn't the minimum needed, but it's essentially the minimum needed to build a secure mesh solution. And unlike wifi modules, we have bare metal control over our radio chip, which gives us a lot more room for doing interesting things, like indoor 3D positioning (which we haven't tested yet, so I have no statistics on the accuracy... yet). The cool thing is, we will research indoor positioning, and every other use of this board we can. I think an open radio and computing module with encryption, long range comms, and ultra low power usage (sleep modes should allow for a year on a coin cell, though again, that has not been verified yet). Interesting. Does our product not seem simple? We're working on some fancy mesh protocol stuff for making DIY projects easy, but those features don't have to be enabled at all. You definitely could use this just like an arduino with a radio attached, we'll have full libraries for sending data to any device directly, and our code will have copyleft licences (thinking GPL, haven't decided yet) and we will encourage forks. You can look at them as basically just compute and radio modules - they can be used however you'd like! It's been a hectic few days organizing all that information, but here's the lowdown: Currently we are using the CC1101 Radio, which maxes out at 600kbps. It's an excellent radio, but has been basically unchanged since 2006, when TI bought chipcon (who made the CC1101). The CC1200 was recently announced as a successor, and it looks pretty amazing. The max data rate of that chip is 1.2Mbps, and it has increased transmit power and sensitivity. The chip is priced roughly the same as the CC1101 and is based off of the same code, so we should be able to port everything to it quickly and pick up development with it. There is a possibility that the chip will have some flaw that makes it a show stopper, but it's intended by Texas Instruments to be a nearly drop in replacement, and if it does what the datasheet says it should handily work for us. There is a possibility that we will end up not being able to use the CC1200 though, giving us a max data rate of 600kbps in that case, and I realize I need to make that clear, so I will go write up that copy on our Kickstarter page now. I definitely don't want there to be any confusion about what we're selling, so I apologize for not making that clear to any backers, I'll mention the change in our coming backer update, which will largely be directed at international backers, who we are working to accommodate! 915 MHz ISM. We're working on international support. I made it, so ask away if you have any other questions! Do it! As soon as we have the new hardware up and running we're going to play with mesh nets ourselves! Atmel has been really good about supporting CPU footprints over many generations (their customers don't like redesigns either), and the FCC rules seem to give you a pass as long as you haven't changed things electrically. There's actually a reasonable amount of wiggle room - basically if there is no reason a board should perform differently, they say it doesn't need to be recertified. (at least, that's what they say) That said, our goal is to brave the waters of the FCC to provide quality radio products to the open source community. If we succeed in getting funded, we should be able to handle the occasional new testing needed for any product changes. We have some higher volume plans which will help pay for that. Arduino is only part of what we're doing. :) This all started because there weren't any open source module designs for the CC1100 radio, so I made one and put it on github (actually I was using the 2.4ghz CC2500 at first). Eventually I slapped an arduino on, and boom, useful thing! yes you absolutely can do this! We will have ultra low power sleep modes, and the radio can turn on briefly to send status, or listen in low power mode for remote communications. Don't worry, I know this isn't easy, but I don't like easy things, they're boring. My last project involved hand-winding motor coils for a linear motor I built from scratch, along with a 24v 10A per channel driver board & ARM CPU mainboard I designed and built. It was a pretty neat system, but robots are complicated, so I'm going to sell circuit boards for a while and dive into software development some more. We have a lot of resources for manufacturing in China. I've personally ordered a few thousand assembled boards from Gold Phoenix through the course of my old job, which was... fun. We've got a lot of connections in Silicon Valley to tap too for finding hardware partners. I'm not particularly interested in becoming a fab house, unless it's cheaper (including headaches). Thanks for the well wishes! actually not at all, we have less TX power than most wifi devices. The data rate is inversely proportional to range, as is the frequency. We operate at a lower frequency than wifi (915 MHz), and a much lower data rate (your Arduino probably does not need a 100Mbps connection). This gets us range without blasting people with radio or having trouble with the FCC. "you can't feasibly build a 1 kbps transceiver with 16 mW transmit power and a two inch monopole antenna and expect to get anywhere near half a km of range with the TI radio" I mean... you say that, but we did, and we're not doing anything special, I just set two android phones to volley their GPS position over USB to the board, send it over radio, and calculate the distance on the other end. I then verified the calculations manually using google earth and landmarks. Here's what texas instruments has to say [1] about the radio: "You can achieve a range of several km with the CC1101 without any problems (line of sight). The output power can be programmed up to 12dBm and the sensitivity level on the receiver is dependent on the programmed baud rate. With a sensitivity of -112dBm and an output power of 12dBm, 915MHz ; the expected range with Friis equation adapted to take into account the height from the ground would be approx 3km." We're being advised by Earl McCune, a serious Silicon Valley Radio expert (google him, he's awesome), and he donated some of his time to help test the board with his nice Agilent RF stuff. He was impressed with the performance of this little chip, and was also impressed that my layout nearly perfectly matches the TI reference design. [1] http://e2e.ti.com/support/low_power_rf/f/155/t/15984.aspx I'll try! (I made it) Electric imp is Wifi and does not function without an internet connection (at least, thats what they told us at the first hackathon). It also doesn't function without a router. We're a lot closer to Zigbee - basically the same idea. We send data directly from board to board, unlike wifi which always runs through your router. We basically use every board as a router. The advantage over zigbee is price, Arduino, openness, and range. We have 10 times the range of $22 zigbee modules, and 5 times the range of their $50 modules, all in an easy arduino package. Does that answer your questions? I tried one. The screen isn't there yet for long term productivity, or even long term gaming. They'll get it there though, the motion tracking and field of view are wonderful, it mostly would just need to be much higher res for non gaming activities. Sounds right, 9v batteries aren't about current, never were. They are about voltage, that's even why they have the voltage in the name unlike basically every other kind of battery. Inside though, they're just coin cells in rolls. Cells are 1.5v each, so you need a stack of them to get to 9v. You wouldn't expect a stack of coin cells to put out a lot of current would you? I think a lot of people think voltage means power, so the 9 volt battery probably sounds much more powerful than a 1.5v AA, but they don't realize the 9v has a bunch of smaller cells and the internal resistance is a lot higher, reducing the current output capabilities. I had a guy tell me one time I should hop up the strength of my walking robot by replacing my 6 AA cells with a 9v. :) I'm imagining: BMS PCB has high current input rings and a blade connector for balancing (like removable laptop batteries). Bottom of case has screw lugs going up through high current input rings in PCB. Battery has ring terminals that are crimped & soldered to high current wires. The battery is in a protective casing that holds mating balance connector and injection molded features keep the high current ring lugs in place. Battery drops into board, high current rings go over lugs and balance connector engages. Rigid plastic goes over the top of all this (bottom when in riding position) with silicone seal around the perimeter. High current lugs go through the cover. Special ratcheting thumb screws tighten down the cover using the battery lugs as a mechanical connection while also pressing the ring connectors into the BMS PCB. Conductive grease on the PCB helps keep out water. Battery would be 100% rigid, no dangling wires. Installation is two lugs, drops in, can be done by hand. Battery should come with a protective pouch or have integrated flip-over cover so it can be dropped in a messenger bag etc. Solves I think all the issues, including avoiding costly or underperforming connectors, environmental sealing, ease of use, and the expensive BMS does not need to be attached. I emailed them something to this effect, since they asked for input, though it sounds like they've purchased battery packs already. Plus they may have considered this, it sounds good but I know production high current battery stuff is really tricky, I've looked at the area quite a bit. Wireless remote they designed in house. Check out their promo video, just google for boosted boards. Yeah, electric is really amazing for high power stuff, I'm realizing. It's hard to do, but the simplicity in the end of battery + motor with just electronics doing the rest means we can get some pretty amazing form factors out of electric things. Since I was young I have dreamed of a "boosted" snowboard, with a snowmobile-like tread that came down the middle and would accelerate me in slow areas. The weight and noise of an internal combustion engine would have been prohibitive, but clearly we're getting to the point where electric isn't so bad. If I'm doing snowboard runs all day though, I want to show up with a handful of battery packs and run through a few in a day. The same would be fun with Boosted. Not being able to replace it means I can't buy a handful of batteries and take them somewhere for a day of uninterrupted riding up and down my favorite hills. Charge dead packs in the car while you ride and with a few packs you can manage a continuous day of fun. That's not possible with non-removable batteries, and customers willing to pay for all that are good customers to have and indulge. If I have a fully charged board and 5 friends, I feel like "OMG look at how cool my $1300 board is" is going to turn into "oh it died, sorry guys, more fun tomorrow". I think that even if people don't buy the spare battery, knowing it's an option will help them feel more comfortable with the $1300 purchase. If the current range falls just short of what you need, an inability to simply buy a second battery to keep in your pack is going to be pretty upsetting. And always being able to keep one topped off at home means that after your commute you can still go out and enjoy your board. That was the power rating for a single cell - the pack has lots of cells in it. If you take hobby remote control cars as an example, I just bought an average lithium powered one that can do 45A at 11.7v, or roughly 500w to drive a any case you want and have it delivered to you quickly. That is a fundamentally different value proposition for the consumer than injection molding. Any individual design seen here could be recreated with injection molding, but the point of this company isn't to provide you with a cell phone case, it's to provide you with any cell phone case design you want. That's not something a company doing injection molding could offer. Molds for injection molding cost a minimum of a few grand and usually tens of thousands of dollars. You can't deliver a unique item to each customer with injection molding. Disclaimer: I know one of the creators, and I have helped give mechanical advice over the past year. I think its a really great product. I'd be using them if I had an iPhone! I've thought about this recently, and the solution is the Oculus Rift or some incarnation of VR. Mounting the monitors is really the only major technical challenge to the setup you describe, and not being able to adjust your distance to mounted monitors would also be a real problem. The current Rift dev kit does not have sufficient resolution to do computer work, and the new units still will not have nearly the pixel density of modern monitors, but what you lose in pixel density you gain in screen real estate. The rift basically surrounds you in a digital environment, and a few people have already started to show off desktop environments that work in VR. Working at your computer in VR means a few major benefits: -Your workstation is no longer defined by the physical space it resides in, so it can go with you wherever you want, such as on the train, in your self-driving car, etc. -Your workspace is no longer limited to several constrained rectangles in front of you - you pay for a single display device and get a workspace that literally surrounds you. -You are no longer required to sit upright staring forward, something we have generally acknowledged isn't good for you. Some people spend more money on a nice chair than the cost of an Oculus Rift just to save their back. Not needing to stare forward to view monitors means you can work in any orientation, such as a comfortable reclined position. The staple of starship captains and movie hackers, the reclined "dentist" style chair is generally represented in movies as the way people would sit if they had sufficient resources, such as their own hollywood set building team. -Your workspace is 3D, but not gimmick 3D monitor style - actual immersive 3D, so your applications could take advantage of this for more contextual information and improved workflow. -You have total privacy - no one can see what you are working on in VR, so no one can look over your shoulder. That is until they make virtual coworking spaces. Which will happen. -Your workspace can be flying through the cosmos, on a beach in Aruba, on a NASCAR track, or anywhere else you find interesting. You could be immersed in front row seats of a live tennis match while you work on your TPS reports. You could work on new VR applications inside of your new VR applications, for the ultimate inception "yo dawg" moment. Cons: We will become like the people in WALL E. But... will we? I work from home. I have a standard desktop and 3 monitors. I wake up, walk to the kitchen, make breakfast, then walk to the office to work. Google shopping Express delivers my groceries. Amazon delivers most of my other goods. If I had a self driving car I wouldn't even need to participate in my own transportation when it was needed. What does this mean? It means the future is already on it's way to becoming so convenient that a nearly 100% sedentary lifestyle is entirely possible even for first world people who maintain full employment. For people like me, a dentist chair and virtual reality workstation will not make me any more sedentary - I took 300 steps the other day. I can't really hit much lower of a limit on that. All this means is that I need to take control of my own exercise routine. I need to force myself to work out, as my daily life does not provide sufficient exercise as is. People who do not do this will become fat, like those in WALL E. But being fat is clearly regarded as unhealthy, and our society is becoming aware of the dangers of unchecked obesity. As we get a handle on appropriate health care in the first world, we will need to encourage people to work out. For now, I ride a bike, but if I had a self driving car that could take me to the gym while I worked on email, perhaps I'd get out and socialize more. Rant/Aside: People are pretty dismissive of some of the amazing new tech coming out. Amazon wants to totally eliminate the cost of human labor for delivering goods by using drones, and people just say "but yeah Skynet haha. It's dumb anyway". Virtual reality is actually happening and it's a revolutionary new kind of display device that I know will change the world, and people say "but yeah the virtual boy sucked. this is just more hype, VR will never happen, or it doesn't matter." Robotics in general can change the nature of how we consume things by eliminating all human costs. Robots have fixed costs that can be amortized down to nearly zero for incremental labor, something that is not possible for human workers. We should embrace the technology of the future and figure out how it can be used to do positive things, rather than dismiss it for it's capability to do bad. Skynet jokes are old hat. Lets talk about how much better we can make the future. Another note: Virtual reality and telepresence can eliminate the "AI problem" for robots - that is, we have been able to make robots that can do neat stuff for a long time, but giving them any intelligence has been a so far intractable problem. A remote human operator could control a robot worker with much more precision than our current AI technology, transporting human intelligence into a robot and eliminating the need for comprehensive AI. VR enables 1:1 viewing of remote 3D environments, something a monitor does not provide. This will lead to both good and bad new technology, but as they say - you take the good with the bad. The current Oculus prototypes and all future versions of the Rift feature translational head tracking as well as rotational tracking, so leaning forward brings you closer to the content in front of you. The general goal of the system is to avoid having it feel like there is anything fixed to your head, and it appears that they will succeed in delivering this to consumers by the end of this year. Google for their Crystal Cove prototype for more videos showing it off. As far as the weight, it's not any heavier than a pair of beats headphones, or the gaming headphones I already wear at my desk. It's mostly a display, some lenses, and a bunch of empty space - it's not too heavy. Plus you have the benefit of a more comfortable sitting position. It is a problem in the sense that companies could commercialize robots for the home if there were applications for the robots. Currently the hardware is good (Honda first debuted ASIMO 14 years ago). Commercializing the hardware would drive costs down, which would allow us to do more widespread research on AI. Currently a decent robotics research platform costs more than a Tesla Model S, and until recently they were 10x more expensive. The "AI problem" is the fact that robots don't have many applications until we have AI. The problem can be eliminated by making the hardware useful even without AI. This does not mean people will stop working on AI, just that robotics hardware development can be decoupled from AI development. More robots out there will make it even easier to develop AI for robotic platforms. Your Adderall comment seems to be a way of poking fun at me, and if so does not seem to contribute to this discussion. I thought I contributed something thoughtful to HN. Would you prefer I just make snarky comments? I left Slashdot years ago so I could find people who make an effort to think and communicate - lets do that here. Thanks! Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I've been lurking for a long time, and I'm enjoying actually contributing my thoughts today. I hope to make a habit of it. :) I'm not sure how you could expect to participate in the discussion without reading the thing you are replying to, but you are correct, I don't mention keyboards. Using a keyboard while in a reclined position isn't really a challenge so I didn't think it needed mentioning - you can put one on a plank across your lap, or use a split keyboard on the armrests. But mounting monitors in a comfortable position is mechanically difficult. So you stopped reading at the first sentence, but still want to participate in the conversation... excellent. I have used one. I understand that the current dev kit isn't high res, doesn't have translational tracking, and generally isn't comfortable for long term use. If you hadn't stopped reading halfway through the first sentence you would have seen that I said "the Oculus rift or some incarnation of VR", which was an acknowledgement that the Oculus rift may not be ideal for this when the consumer version is released, but I believe some incarnation of VR will be. Saying it won't work because you've tried the hurriedly prepared low res dev kit is like saying smart phones will never take off because your QVGA windows mobile 5 phone is too low res for web browsing. Technology evolves if people find it compelling enough to buy it. Every honest reviewer I have read says the Oculus rift is an amazing experience unlike anything we've ever been able to experience. I have no doubt that the 1080p versions they are demoing now will give way to 4k versions in a few years (if not sooner), and that eventually working in a rift will be as comfortable as can be. Tech is never fixed in stone. Ah, yeah that makes sense. You would definitely be limited in input while mobile, but at least it would be possible to bring your workspace with you. The good news is, VR has already spawned an incredible amount of research in more natural human computer interaction, so hopefully some of these input problems will be better solved. Most of the input problems being tackled over the last few years have to do with touch screens, which can never be as useful as purpose-built interaction hardware. Keyboards aren't as useful when you can't see them, and VR no longer requires being at a desk, so with any luck we will see real headway in high quality new text input and interaction devices soon. Sent along my resume. Amusingly, I have just started actively looking for a job in robotic cars, and Google was the only place I knew of to apply! Tesla, yes. The others likely have too much to lose and are too large for me - I like a position with flexibility. And I don't want to work on military hardware. Those technologies are some of the pieces of a self driving car, but they are not self-driving cars. The idea is to deliver a car that can be programmed to drive a route from start to finish under its own control, even if it can only do so under certain circumstances. When you can pull out your smartphone and call your car to you from the back of a parking lot, then get in and have it drive you home, then you have a self-driving car. It seems like a leap to assume that engineers working on a product that could kill multiple people would be as careless as those working on mobile apps for sharing photos. For self-driving cars, security and safety are features. For the others, for better or worse, they are afterthoughts. "this ... lays bare the sheer stupidity inherent in kickstarter..." I'm sorry, but where is the stupidity? Kickstarter is a specific tool available to founders/innovators/creatives that allows us to reach a community of supporters quickly and efficiently. Like all tools, it has a specific way that it operates, and to keep such a new thing from spinning out of control, it is relatively simple and has few rules. Fortunately, we are all made aware of this going in. Backers generally pledge to receive a product. The creator benefits from early access to cash which allows them to build their product. This is what happened with Oculus, and they have already delivered vouchers to all backers which they could have redeemed for the original developer version from last year, the current developer version coming in July, or the consumer version still definitely coming towards the end of this year. I fail to see how Oculus gaining a parent company somehow "lays bare the sheer stupidity" of the system Kickstarter provides. People pledged for a high quality VR device, and Oculus promised to change the world. It seems these things will happen. One of the most compelling opportunities provided by virtual reality is not just gaming, but it's capability to put us somewhere else, including in a virtual room with our loved ones. Virtual reality enables an interaction that humans have never before been able to experience - the ability to hang out in a virtual space with another person. Facebook, whose primary goal has generally been to provide a platform for connecting humans to eachother, clearly sees the value in VR's ability to provide this new experience for us. As such, they've used their purchasing power to buy a stake in the VR game and help grow this new technology. Some day, we will be able to hang out with out loved ones, visit the doctor, or join a game with friends all in a shared virtual space. This is a future made possible by the Kickstarter model, which enabled Oculus to get the start they needed to commercialize Virtual Reality. Tell me again how that is stupid? What strikes me as stupid is the huge number of people decrying this move as some kind of perversion of the original Kickstarter promise, or some kind of bait and switch. It seems to be the logical progression of a company creating a ground-breaking new human interface device. Should they stay independent indefinitely just because they were crowd funded? I don't see how that would make any sense, or why such a modification to the Kickstarter model would be any kind of improvement. Yeah, Facebook is one of the few major tech companies who can buy Oculus and let them operate independently, since they don't have a stake in anything much related to gaming or VR. This means they are one of the companies least likely to screw with the Oculus vision, and I see that as a very good thing for virtual reality. Facebook has the buying power to put together a solid hardware production team. I don't think Google has much internal hardware production knowledge right now, aside from the knowledge they bought when they acquired Motorola. Before that, they mostly made things through hardware partners like HTC, Samsung, and LG. I think they produce the Chromecast internally, but it's not much fancier than a USB stick. I'm sure they are quickly learning, but Facebook is also already buying up hardware companies and they have been building their own custom servers for internal use for years. I don't know much about this, but is it possible that Mt Gox simply stole the bitcoin themselves and blamed it on hackers? I imagine the coin is supposed to be cryptographically protected, but I don't know where users stored their keys. Bitcoin is so new that we all seem to have bought the malleability loss claim, but it could have been a red herring. Disclaimer: That is all speculation, I know nothing about this. Ah, interesting. Well I look forward to seeing how it pans out. I feel for the people who lost coin. Hopefully we have learned how better to handle cryptocurrency in the future, even if it's learning how little to trust others with it. I'm rooting for decentralized electronic currency, so I hope the lessons learned make it stronger! I opened it on mobile and it was all extremely laggy and out of sync. It makes me wonder how good their AI would be if web pages are this much trouble. Snark aside though, I do hope this is not an april fools joke, and that it's a real attempt at AI. I know it would really just be a complex traditional program, but I'm still curious what a modern try at AI would look like. I know it's coming back into development as of late, and I do very much look forward to the development of real AI. If anyone wants to comment to inform me that real AI will never happen, I assure you I am already aware of that view. I see no basis for the argument that human intelligence is somehow special in this world. For medical science alone we will never stop researching the human mind, and I hope soon we find a way to recreate intelligence in software. It would be a level of intelligence above ours, I would think. My theory is that basically all of our traffic is compromised, we just don't know it yet. It seems clear that the NSA has been actively working to find and exploit every vulnerability they can, and they have the power of a well-funded concerted effort, secret physical access, and gag orders all on their side. I bet they can do a whole lot more than what we know. Actually, this article is great because it proves that most media distorts facts without venturing into controversial territory (the science paper clearly did not say what the articles said it did). This is as good an example as any on the phenomenon you mentioned, and it's a good topic we all remember and may have been convinced by. My parents and I have already had a discussion about it, where they were convinced that marijuana was much worse than believed, and I remained open to the idea that there may be merit to the study they heard about. But this is an article many people were convinced by because it fed into existing bias well, which is exactly the kind of thing we need to expose. We all know for example that FOX News distorts facts, but if you go into a conversation calling them out, you will lose many people who will claim you are biased. By first pointing out specific, provable stories that have been misreported by all media, you can get a person to believe that news is being poorly reported. Then, after you have convinced them of that, and that it is a problem, you can say "hmmm... now I wonder who is most guilty of perpetuating this." You'll find FOX news in there of course, but if you actually look you will find that all corporate-owned media has turned into fact-indifferent "news entertainment". Also, it isn't irony to cover something specific instead of the broader issue. It might be ironic for Fox to cover the epidemic of misreporting in the media, but even that would actually be somewhat expected behavior given that they keep insisting they are the only fair network. This is why patents like this are annoying. The idea of automated bed leveling wasn't novel by the time this patent had been filed, and doing it with force measurement is an obvious method to someone interested in automated bed leveling. There's nothing novel about doing bed leveling with force measurement. Consider what factors, and in what way? Also, whether or not something is depressing, surprising, or bad is entirely subjective. Something you do not consider surprising may in fact be surprising to another individual, so without knowing them it's sort of silly to say "it isn't surprising". If they say it is surprising, it means to them it was. If you do not think others should be surprised, it may be useful for you to explain what knowledge you have that prevented your being surprised. Flutter Wireless, Inc. - Silicon Valley, CA Open Hardware nodes for wireless sensor networks and Internet of Things. Arduino-compatible, ARM-powered with 1 kilometer range and encryption. Mesh networking and cloud back-end coming soon. We love hardware. We're currently finishing up hardware development for delivery of our Kickstarter, and would like to expand our team to develop our core platform. Connected devices & Internet of Things is a quickly growing market sector, and we're looking for a few skilled engineers who'd like to help us expand. Our current plan is to build up our core platform and focus on our general purpose dev hardware, likely with a focus on sensor networks. The field is pretty wide open so we want to use sales of our current hardware to determine where to go next. People we could use: -Embedded Engineer who knows ARM and/or wireless sensor networks. -Back end web engineer for a cloud data relay. -Front end web developer. -Mobile developers for Apple and Android. -Electrical engineer for hardware layout. -Angel Investors interested in Internet of Things who can also actively advise. If you're interested, go outside and shout really loudly, or send an email to taylor |at| flutterwireless dot com Since only Tesla actually wants to sell direct (and in fact needs to due to the unique nature of their product), this does in effect only target Tesla. It just doesn't look so targeted to the layperson, which is likely why they can get away with this. Or a one time pad. Plug the key into a physical port inside of the car and it generates a million codes that are saved in the key itself and the vehicle. The vehicle can have a memory of several paired keys, which all require a separate procedure. Make the procedure take 30 minutes and require physical access to the inside of the vehicle. I suppose the issue is that someone could still get you to press the button out of range and copy that value over the air, and then use it on your car. But perhaps there is a scheme to avoid that too. Maybe use a real time clock and use a new key every second. Really, there should be open source hardware that can do this. Can't these vehicles be unlocked with access to the CAN bus? You could disable the insecure proprietary RF receivers and install an open source system on the CAN bus. They're usually locked down on ignition though... Yeah, there definitely are schemes in standard cryptography that allow for this, and any kind of true modern crypto should solve all these problems handily. I just have a feeling current crypto isn't as future proof as we would all like, and was thinking about a scheme that wouldn't rely on the strength of an algorithm to keep things secure. But then, I may be too paranoid... The infotainment system must be capable of taking address input, and that same computer would be internet connected for a variety of reasons. Taking over the steering as the above poster suggested would likely not be a desirable hack anyway. More likely someone would want to leave the low level control systems intact and just change the desired destination. A solid hack would actually wait until you get to your destination, and then once you send the vehicle to park itself, it instead just goes to the attacker's desired location. Might be a while before you even realized something was up! It was noted that the Xbox One will accept voice commands from a video the console itself is playing. What happens when someone makes a hyper-targeted Pandora ad that uses your car's voice control function to enter a new destination address? If you are paying attention you will likely notice this, but many people have suggested that at some point you can sleep in your car and wake up at your destination, so even that isn't guaranteed. No doubt direct control of steering and brakes will be highly locked down, but as you point out that in no way eliminates the possibility for mischief. How do you know the moon landing didn't transform civilization? Did you try living in an alternate timeline where it did not happen and find things to be the same? What about all those scientists who learned to build rockets, who would later go on to help NASA launch the first weather satellites? What about the work done that led to the formation of the global positioning system? Are you sure it would have happened in the same timeframe by some other actors if NASA hadn't gone to the moon? Where would the scientists have gotten their training? What would have been the economic rationale for doing it? Remember, too, that the moon landings were not scientific exploration. It was a military operation to prove supremacy. The russians put a man in space one month earlier, so Kennedy basically said "Yeah? you put a man in space? well we'll drop one on the Moon and then bring him back!" It was an insane commitment to proving our supremacy. We sent fighter jet pilots on the first several missions, and didn't send a single scientist until several missions in. Meanwhile, exploring the origins of comets helps us understand how the early solar system formed, which helps us understand how the universe formed, which helps us understand physics at a fundamental level, which helps us make better microchips, solar panels, and superconductors that make the tech in our world better at serving our needs. It has nothing to do with "fun for those working on them", though I'm sure they have fun. Truck drivers probably have some fun too, but that doesn't mean delivering goods isn't worthwhile for legitimate economic reasons. Hard science is the same - it costs relatively little and the payoff, while abstract, is huge. If you want to complain about spending, complain about military spending. In the US it is 70X NASA's budget, and 2x the military budget at the beginning of 2001. THAT is bloat. We know how to manufacture bombs. Making more doesn't do much for innovation. Funding science does. I don't think it's about securing our cultural artifacts, it's about securing our knowledge so future generations don't have to go through the same painful, bloody lessons we have. I did printed helicopter blades three years ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXlUSWrVzys These other components look printable too. Right now I am making 3D printable robots that don't need any non-printed parts aside from motors, bearings, and drive belts (and batteries and electronics). So these definitely should be printable at home. Well the critical difference here is that changing blade speed is not needed or desired. They just need to change blade torque, which would apparently immediately cause a change in blade pitch. I don't see a specific reason why this wouldn't scale. I do wonder what changes in load do to the system though. If it can't handle changing loads without messing up the blade dynamics, it would only work for fixed payload systems like camera platforms. The joints looked like simple pivots, not flex joints. See how the blade is attached at a 45 degree angle? I think it just pivots there. You can use an electric motor. We can easily make extremely high power electric motors (see: CNC machines and Diesel trains), and power storage will continue to improve. The added cost of batteries at even today's prices could be worth it for the decreased mechanical complexity of the rest. If all we need to do is change the torque of an electric motor, that can be done essentially instantaneously even at high power levels. You're not worried about speeding up the blades, just changing the torque on the drive system. The inertia of the blades actually helps you here. The parts will cycle back and forth exactly as much as they would in a traditional helicopter, and there are fewer comparatively small parts. It would likely be stronger and more fatigue resistant than current methods of controlling blade pitch. We can program the motor to change torque as smoothly as we want. Thanks! Currently I'm working on delivering Flutter Wireless, which is at www.FlutterWireless.com. The 3D printed robots will be for some tutorials we will be launching. Other than that, I've been continually procrastinating about making a website for my personal projects, but I have a lot. If you dig through my youtube account at the original link, I have some other project videos there. Notable ones are: The robot I made when I was in High School: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs&list=UUxTluifYa_... An app to interface with some cheap helicopter joysticks (and not shown - I could fly the heli with an app on my phone). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq2x3DVq7gs&list=UUxTluifYa_... Lighting a campfire with thermite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pu-R_IHirE&list=UUxTluifYa_... A demo sketch I made for 3D printers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEH7Ji4a3Ss&list=UUxTluifYa_... The time I was on G4 TechTV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2R-TlBomnQ&list=UUxTluifYa_... My stuff on thingiverse. http://www.thingiverse.com/tlalexander/designs Not currently represented online are some of the robots I have made, the Tesla Coil I made when I was in High School, and the gas powered hovercraft I made in 8th grade. :) Injection molding is on the order of 10,000x more expensive if you only need a single part. I'm currently on a quest to design highly functional robots that can be made with just a 3D printer and a minimum of external parts - so far only bearings, motors, drive belts, batteries and electronics are the non-printed parts needed. I make everything so that it fits together by interlocking or with minimal use of some coarse printed fasteners. Since nothing needs to be bought from the store that won't be useful if the design changes, it is trivial to iterate and build a newer version. My hope is that with developers worldwide working on improvements, injection molded versions of the parts would become obsolete before the mold was even cut. When it comes to manufacturing, 3D printing is a whole different ballgame. No other manufacturing technique can make so many complex parts without human intervention. This means it opens up all new possibilities for how we manufacture things - like continuous iteration of shipping hardware. Oh, I forgot I have a portfolio of machine parts online now too. http://www.tlalexander.com/files/portfolio.pdf Well the issue isn't just that they're hard to fly or that they're mechanically complex - the issue is that they're both. So you crash often (when flying models) and crashes are expensive. This makes it a very expensive hobby. The issue when flying is that they balance as if they are on a ball. You need to constantly adjust the controls to stop from "falling off the ball". Go the wrong direction and you speed up the rate at which it falls. When it is facing away from you, that's not very hard. When it is facing towards you everything is backwards. When you are turning, the correct direction to stay balanced is constantly changing. Automated systems can do this automatically for you though, so a drone-like autopilot in a standard helicopter could make them as easy to fly as quadcopters. Traditional helicopters are still mechanically complex though. This system looks to fix that. And this would be more efficient than a multirotor. Well, I've had my 3D printer for over 3 years, and ran design and machining for an engineering shop for 7 years, and I have to say I disagree. How do you define "terrible precision"? Is there a fixed scale in which precision goes from "terrible" to "okay" to "very good" to "excellent"? If I'm building a telescope mirror, I guess I just ask the manufacturer for "excellent" precision, and they know what to do? How do you classify "better results"? It is the smoothness of the part, the strength, or the cost at 5, 50, or 100,000 units? Why do resin casting when I can do lost wax casting? Can you tell me, which manufacturing method is the best? Oh sorry, we haven't talked about what we're making yet. Seems any discussion of tools to fabricate things is senseless until we've established what we want to make. I'm designing a robot anyone can make at home. I mean actually, that is what I am doing as I type this comment. (well, I was designing it. It's printing now.). I want a robot that can be customized by the user. I want it to be as cheap as possible for someone who does not have access to anything more than basic electronics and a 3D printer. I want people to be able to design upgrades and test them. Do you think I should design it so I can CNC molds that I use for resin casting? That is, after all, what you suggested. But then, when I CNC something it takes a loooong time. First, I would design a part completely differently if I was going to CNC it versus print it. And if I was going to CNC a mold for casting, I would design it a third way still. If I am going to CNC a mold, I need to figure out where the parting line will be, and how all the molds will fit together. Some parts are impossible to cast, so I have to make sure not to design the part so as to be impossible to make with my chosen method. Once I decide to CNC a mold, I need to source raw material that is as big as my part, but not so big that I waste a lot of material. I'll need some way to grab it in the CNC machine, so typically I choose material a little taller than my part. Ultimately it depends on how I specifically choose to make this part, and isn't strictly defined by the part's size or function. To order raw material, if it was on short notice, I would need to go to the material store. In silicon valley across from the Fry's off Brokaw there is a place called Campbell Metal. Campbell metal is a large warehouse full of people and metals. The metals are sorted by size, shape, and length, and the people who work there tend to those materials - taking orders from the front office and cutting short pieces out of long bars. The cost of my material includes the cost of living of those people and the cost of the overhead for the large warehouse all that material is in. Once that material is on order, I would need to program the machine to make the part. That involves figuring out the steps in order that I will use to take that raw block of material and turn it into my part. Simple parts may have 2 or fewer steps. Most have at least 3. Each one is a separate program. Once I've manually defined the toolpaths to use to make the CNC machine hollow out a block of steel or aluminum, including choosing how to send the tool into the metal, how fast to spin it, how quickly to move it, what depth and width of the tool should make a cut, I can begin to set up the machine to cut the first step. This involves taking all the right tools from the shelf, out of hundreds of possible tools, and loading them into one of the 24 tool pockets on our machine. The machine, a HAAS VF-2SS, cost my employer around $90k. They sell a couple million dollars a year in custom made tools, so they could afford to pay this off over 5 years. I was pretty lucky to get my hands on that every day. I could go on about the casting (get a scale, mix up material by weight, cast it), but I hope you see my point. There is no "best" technique for "makin stuff", because every part is different. When I designed a waterproof housing that was sent 3km underwater to deal with the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, it was made from super thick aluminum with steel reinforcement. But when I designed the power button for our custom android tablet, which included software I wrote to help lift a nuclear cooling tower, I used dinky Delrin plastic for the part. There is no one best material either. 3D printed parts have certain properties. 3D printers have some limits. But what they lack in quality they often make up for in simplicity. If I had decided to print the part above instead of cast it, I'd have just made sure the thing was full and then hit "print". When I need to change something about the design, like I did this morning, I repeat that process. Iteration is a million times easier with 3D printers, which means designers can spend more time refining their parts. For the robot I am designing, anyone with a 3D printer and the most basic of electronics can build a robot. I know where 3D printers are strong and where they are weak, so I design my parts to take that into account. They are chunky, and I leave a lot of room for the wide tolerance of home printers, but the parts work. My 3D printer, when poorly adjusted like it is now, can hold maybe 0.040" of tolerance on a part. When I worked at the machine shop, my day to day realm was within 0.005" tolerance. On a critical part like a bearing seat, we'd add another zero to that. But there are guys making semiconductors with moving parts like DLP chips that would laugh at those tolerances. Even the guys cutting gears on their worst day would have bested my best try, because our basic $90k CNC machines had laughable quality compared to the "real" stuff. Everything is relative. Even hand carved bricks can build a pyramid - with the right designer. Well, parts made in a powder bed printer don't typically have nearly as much grain, if any. I'm a big fan of that style printer in the future, so one solution to the problem is to use those instead. For typical FDM/FFM printers like the hobby ones you see everywhere, there are chemicals that can be used to smooth the print out. I use my parts for robot prototypes where the function of the part is more important than cosmetics, so I don't worry about the grain. If I want a nice part though, I can use very fine layers. You seemed to suggest that 3D printer is never the ideal way to make something, but of course if I need the part as soon as possible 3D printing usually is. My long rant about CNC machining was meant to highlight the huge amount of labor involved in machining things. It takes a lot of human skill to write a CNC program (I do expect that to eventually change though) and more labor to set up the machine to get the first part made. In the time it would take me to CNC something I can print a part while I eat a sandwich or run some errands. Of course 3D prints are slow to produce, but that is counteracted by the fact that it takes less of my involvement to get the parts made. It takes less overall effort to produce a part by print than by machining. I mentioned metal but the entire story I wrote applies to plastic machining as well - just replace "Campbell Metal" with "Professional Plastics". They're both across from the Fry's off Brokaw. I totally don't expect most people to have "run into" a time where home 3D printing is best, but you can still do thought experiments. 3D printing is far more accessible to most people than CNC machining is. As home machines get better and we gain more critical mass of users, we will see more designers who take advantage of the stuff that can be made at home. That's what I'm doing with 3D printable robots, and luckily I have a good intersection between people who want to make robots and people who own a 3D printer. I would say the two key differences between 3D printing and machining is that 3D printing takes zero skill to operate and zero or near-zero labor. Not all home machines have delivered on the ease of use promise of course, but that is an issue with the machines, not the process. My point is, no other manufacturing technique is well-suited for use at home aside from perhaps laser cutting. The value in printing is of course not the quality of the parts, but the fact that it is a type of manufacturing accessible to consumers. Imagine if Dyson provided printable replacement parts for example, and you can begin to see the value. Every manufacturing technique has trade offs. A single print takes longer than machining a single part, but with less set-up. Time to first part can often be lower on a 3D printer. I should note, I have seen that site before. Looking at your comparison pictures, I have a couple of thoughts: 1) I am very aware that machining and casting makes higher quality parts. My point is that for all mechanisms there comes a point where the quality is "good enough". 2) The printed gears you linked to have abysmal quality. My 3 year old printer has made vastly superior parts. See this thingiverse part, with many high quality print examples from home printers: http://www.thingiverse.com/make:17409 I also used to be of the opinion that CNC machining was so superior as to render 3D printing useless. I looked at those stringy prints and said it would never be useful. But then, I slogged for years making CNC machined parts (see some examples of my parts here: http://www.tlalexander.com/files/portfolio.pdf ) and eventually decided to buy a 3D printer. I make more stuff now than I ever did when I had daily access to a CNC. But as far as quality - notice how that stringy gearbox you linked to still seems to work? Sure, one is more photogenic, but the goal of a gearbox is to transmit power not win a beauty contents. Meanwhile I have been using a printed gear on my 3D printer's extrusion system for over 2 years with no sign of failure. The application is low speed but medium torque, and I see no wear or signs of weakening. The printed gear satisfied the requirements of the mechanism. When I think of 3D printing, it reminds me of manufacturing in the 1940's. Parts were clunkier then, like the seat hinge on an old Volkswagen Beetle. But clunky works - often better. Newer techniques might make smaller hinges, but the one from the old beetle still works well. Sometimes higher quality isn't necessary to make something. A designer may choose to make something clunkier so that it can be made at home on a basic printer. Another example- I use this coat rack and lamp mount every day: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:16485 The article points to the short term goal being just to learn how 3D printers behave in space. They mention printing things in space and then sending them to the ground for analysis. Long term, I think the goal would be to do metal printing in addition to plastic printing (most likely with separate machines). 3D printed plastic parts can do a lot - they aren't as weak as people make them out to be. The obvious advantages are that complex things can be made on site with zero labor required (besides occasional assembly of things that can't be printed assembled). It can be hard to speculate on what a general purpose tool will be most used for in the future, but I do think that there is something on-site printing offers that delivery from earth does not. As we send spacecraft beyond low earth orbit, sending from earth simply stops being an option. Hell, from what I recall of the movie a 3D printer onboard Apollo 13 could have salvaged the mission entirely. 3D printing isn't just about making things you forgot, but replacing things or making new things. Maybe people get to mars and realize there is an experiment they want to run that needs some little assembly they could print. I'm not able to predict what a 3D printer would be used for, but you can be damn sure I'd want the ability to fabricate parts locally if I was on a multi-year Mars mission. And that does seem to be our long term goal. Remember that this space is significantly larger than the total surface area of the Earth, since it represents a sphere larger than the Earth. Imagine the satellites are the size of an outdoor garbage receptacle. Do you think 600+ of them floating around really presents some risk of collision? There's probably more garbage bins just in New York City, and this is spread over an area much larger than the surface of the Earth. Space is really, really large. Using the intuition you developed while living on the surface of the Earth provides you little help when thinking about space. I don't see why it shouldn't. This has been the case pretty much every day for a long time so clearly it isn't against the rules. I agree that it isn't ideal but it's better to link to a good source than to find a poorly written article that is free to access. This is my favorite part: "Linus Benedict Torvalds In article I wrote: >Well, with a subject like this, I'm afraid I'll have to reply. And reply I did, with complete abandon, and no thought for good taste and netiquette. Apologies to ast, and thanks to John Nall for a friendy "that's not how it's done"-letter. I over-reacted, and am now composing a (much less acerbic) personal letter to ast. Hope nobody was turned away from linux due to it being (a) possibly obsolete (I still think that's not the case, although some of the criticisms are valid) and (b) written by a hothead :-) Linus "my first, and hopefully last flamefest" Torvalds" This HN comment posted from a Linux machine in 2015. :) Until we stop subsidizing coal, oil, and gas through direct subsidy, tax breaks, extremely expensive wars and ignoring the effects of pollutants, subsidizing renewables is the only way to make it fair. I am absolutely for removing all subsidies for all forms because I am confident that solar presents a much better value. But ask a politician to suddenly start charging fossil fuel users for our wars and pollution and they'll instantly pull out the line that "raising prices hurts the poor". So subsidizing solar is just more politically feasible. It is certainly not the best solution but reversing a 100 year old industry is basically not going to happen. So if we don't want solar to be at a disadvantage (which would strike me as immoral given the value it offers) we basically have to subsidize it. But soon, unsubsidized solar will be cheaper than our indirectly subsidized fossil fuels. The raw panels already only cost $4000 or so for a 5kw home system, and great effort is underway to reduce the cost of installation and inverters. It is unfair to ask non-fossil fuel users to live in a world polluted by fossil fuels, but nobody ever asked us about that one. I remember the days where they talked about making video cameras that would actually stop recording if they were pointed at a piece of media with special markers in it. Nowadays people would use some kind of HDCP-breaking digital capture device, and regulating all video cameras is basically impossible with their ubiquity, but it's crazy to think about video cameras being modified against our will to suit the needs of one industry. Those in power will always try to take control away from us. Don't let them. For me, no linux support is an issue. But then, I have plenty of options for open source media players so I don't particularly need iTunes. Or to flip it around, an iPhone every 106 milliSeconds. Welp... It will be the end of secrets when real AI comes to be. They'll be able to get any information out of us that they want if they have enough time and we keep talking. That is an absurd and useless analogy. You're essentially just declaring your opinion without anything to support it, which does nothing to further the conversation. I've been dreaming lately of starting up a worker coop in silicon valley that focuses on consumer robotics. Is anyone interested in something like that? I'm an extremely capable hardware guy with a broad skill set and extensive robotics and manufacturing experience. I'm running my own little start up now that could help fund initial operations, and could use some people who excel at software, mechanical design, or general operations. I am really troubled by the way traditional companies exploit workers, and see that as a major problem of our age. If you could show the world that a worker coop could succeed doing something highly technical like robotics, it would serve as proof that the cooperative model can work for more than just chicken farms. I'd be focused on growth like a silicon valley startup to some extent, but quality of life for everyone in the organization would be a big deal. I'm also kind of curious about B-corporations, which allow a specific public benefit to share standing with profit as a legal goal. This would be more silicon-valley friendly as far as funding, since worker coops don't have the same revenue generating opportunities for investors. Though the coop could agree to some kind of internal "revenue tax" to pay back investors or save money. I'd love to see some wealthy people just give their money away to talented organizations that want to spread public good. What I'd love most would be to just work on open source robotics that help the world. I've been developing a system for 3D printed robotics that use as few non-printed parts as possible, making it easier to collaborate online with hardware designs. I don't typically even use screws, since sourcing them can be expensive and slow - most parts just snap together or interlock. An alternative plan though is for me to get rich the traditional way and then use my own money for good, so I am going to be checking out the new YC RFS for hardware whenever that comes out. I have some good ideas about improving life in the kitchen that might be workable. :) I think a worker coop is always explicitly owned equally by all workers, which isn't what Google does. The model makes it hard to get investment, since there are no "super owners" like investors typically are. The coop could pay the investment back like a high interest loan with flexible terms, but I haven't seen exactly how that would work. I'm interested in that though - see my other comment here. I mean... if I am concerned about exploitation of workers, do you think I'd be hoping to exploit my workers? You're basically just asking if I'm genuine or not, and the answer is yes - I actually care. I'd rather make much less than my potential pay if doing so lifted many others out of the harsh capitalist dystopia we've created in the US. I'm actually under the impression that everyone would get paid the same, as everyone would have an equal share of the company and profits. I honestly don't mind if the staff packing shipping boxes gets paid the same as I do designing new robots, though it is also possible to contract out nonessential parts of the operations so that the coop employees only form the core of the company. However that seems like cheating, since you're relying on exploited workers. I believe open source robotics and solar power can free us from the shackles of work we put on ourselves in the name of productivity. I have a lot of respect for Karl Marx, but I also appreciate why so many of the Marxist experiments failed in the 20th century, and I hope that 21st century tech can change things. I also believe food and housing should be made available at no cost to anyone who needs it. We can easily afford that in the US, we just have a near-religious aversion to it. So yes, I am genuine. Certainly this model makes some things more difficult. That is kind of unavoidable when you do things totally differently. There will be pros and cons any time you choose one approach over another. However, this problem isn't insurmountable. The members of the collective could all agree to pay certain bonuses to highly productive members, or everyone could agree to give more productive members more time off. Alternatively, we could only hire people like me. If you want to make the most money, go work for a traditional exploitative company with a lot of extra money. If you want to live with a clean conscience, take less pay. Teachers do this for example. They teach because they care even though the salary is less. A tech coop could offer better pay than teaching with similar non-monetary benefits. We will never end exploitation as long as everyone focuses solely on maximum profit, but if anyone out there wants something different we will find them. I am not saying this is guaranteed to succeed but that it is worth trying. Elon Musk didn't think SpaceX would succeed but he knew it was worth trying even if he lost all his money. Not trying the coop model means accepting the status quo of exploitation, and I'm not sure I can do that. The point of the cooperative model is to find people who do not necessarily prioritize profit over all else. Teachers for example tend to value the social good of their work over pay. Worker coops would offer people like that a way to actually produce goods rather than just educate people. But the worker coop model is not for people who want the most profit. However we cannot simultaneously have a world where no one is exploited but the most capable maximize their profit. In order to have more income equality the elite would have to accept less pay. We see major inequality because those who could have taken as much profit as possible. That kind of thinking would need to end if we are to end worker exploitation. However there are non-pay related benefits to working for a coop and we would find people who appreciate those benefits more than money. Certainly this is not for everyone. But what if the coop makes millions and every worker gets $500k per year? That would be an awesome place to work. Actually if a normal company is to make a profit off of you, you will get paid less than what you are worth to them. There are some market forces at play that determine typical worker's pay, but they aren't really tied to what you are worth and are instead the smallest fraction of your worth the company can get away with based on what other companies offer. Because of the nature of profit seeking companies, this fraction is always dropping in a healthy market. WalMart workers, for example, are not paid what they are "worth" or the company would make zero profit on their labor. It is a frustrating misconception that workers in a capitalist market get paid what they are worth. In a coop, many people will get paid more than they would otherwise, as no one gets paid starvation wages unlike most companies in the US. Highly productive workers may get paid less in a coop than in a typically arranged company however because typical companies exploit the workers at the very bottom in order to reserve more money for those at the top. It is possible for highly technical workers to get paid more in a coop though. Apple's latest profits were something like $750k per worker per quarter (this includes apple store employees), though clearly they are exceptional. If a coop does very well, they could easily provide more money to all workers than the typical pay of a highly successful company. A coop that makes a lot of money can also contract out some work to coops that make less money, thereby taking advantage of cheaper labor without relying on exploitation of workers. A coop that ships boxes will earn less per worker than a coop that designs robots, but such a system is generally more fair to workers. So some people may get paid less than normal but most would get paid more. Traditional companies can afford to pay more to those at the top by exploiting those at the bottom. This does not happen in a coop. I imagine a compartmentalized market of coops where highly successful coops have only a few employees with a large salary, and then they buy goods and services from other coops that may make less money and therefore cost less. So a robotics design coop may make $500k per employee but only have 5 employees. When they ship products they could ship via a shipping coop that only pays $60k per worker. This allows some room for exploitation but it would probably better adjust for real market value of workers than what we have now. I hope you will read my comment adjacent to yours, rather than simply assure yourself that what you already believe is correct. You can theorize that I simply don't understand, but I offer an explanation for why this is the case in my other comment. Simply put, most workers would get paid more than they typically would, but the workers at the very top may get paid less. This would be true in any scheme that seeks to balance out the pay of those at the top, since there would no longer be huge sums of money from the exploitation of those at the bottom. If you don't believe exploitation exists, I urge you to look into the state of capitalism in the 1850's when Karl Marx was forming his opinions and compare that to the state of WalMart workers today. Exploitation is a default component of capitalism and is not simply some imagined issue made up by those who wish for a more egalitarian society. And apparently other commenters have mentioned that coops can have the same kind of pay structures as normal companies. For example someone noted that one company limits the pay to the CEO to 75x the lowest worker's pay, and he currently sits at just 60x. This is closer to pay differences we saw in the US in the 1960's. But certainly when you pay the people at the bottom a fair wage, there may be less cash to throw around at the top. This is not a design flaw. Awesome, thanks! I have been following that subreddit but the other links are new to me.