Design wise, a $100 FPGA board with a bunch of peripherals won't actually be able to run many of them at once. I have however designed a ~ $150 or so board (for prototyping) that has 10 bidirectional serial ports, a fast USB 2.0 port, and 20-30 general IO on 2mm headers, and runs on either a high or low precision 27MHz clock. The rev 2 one also has an ethernet port, a TiWi module, and a RAM chip, and a better/cheaper clock, but those features add on a bunch of cost. Connecting the RAM makes for a much more expensive pcb. you do actual measurements to see what factor the ambient temperature has on the measured temperature of a phone battery? How about having the phone touch a 37 degrees centigrade heat bath on one side (in other words: a human body) and ambient air on the other? Before this paper, could you have made any reliable prediction on how big an influence ambient temperatures were on the sensors in the battery? There are mechanical engineering textbooks on the subject, such as http://books.google.ca/books?id=vvyIoXEywMoC&hl=en . Reliable heat transfer analysis has existed long before this paper was released. knowing what the change in battery level is would allow for a pretty good estimate. They've taken a very different approach to the problem though, and are filtering heavily such that they can ignore most transient phenomena as it gets filtered away. If they're unpaid, does that still count? If you don't plan on using your laptop for anything outside of entertainment, being able to rewrite the software on the micro that controls the battery charging circuit is not particularly relevant or useful. note, these don't show up on mobile I'd like to see this combined with a regular paragraph for reading. Say it sits on the right, and you have text on the left. While skimming, if I spot something i want to read more in depth, I click on it, and the spritz starts. Then I start speed reading through on the spritz, and if I get stuck on something, I click again and the spritz pauses and highlights the current word or sentence. That way, I can quickly figure out where to read next. Then when I'm done, I click again and it continues to the end of the paragraph. That said, reading the faq was rather tiring as it is. I was trying really hard to avoid reading, which my eyes were unhappy about. find some other chip you like, and write an interface for it. Being human doesn't mean you have to be an asshole though. ysihan is really on the side of politicized, sanitized, pretentious, weasel-wording sock puppet; minus the sanitized part. Consider his posts about the celeb nude photos leaks http://www.redditblog.com/2014/09/every-man-is-responsible-f... and http://www.reddit.com/r/yishan/comments/2frlxb/and_now_to_ma... compared to somebody who's actually speaking like a human being http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/2fpdax/time_t... a larger population than that of the Netherlands, mind you. from wikipedia, new jersey: ~9 million Netherlands: ~7 million the crux of the issue is that you, the licensed operator of the automobile, have been trusted to identify possible hazards and adjust your speed accordingly. if you're driving to fast to stop for a pedestrian from a crowded sidewalk, you shouldnt have a license. poor statistics, I would guess. when you're shooting that fast, there are few photons per frame. if you have enough pins, a custom asic can do just about whatever you want. the data flowing into the HPU is likely huge, but it is processed down into something the CPU can deal with. no, reddit's ban types just aren't well publicised The score is a bit silly; to get a better one, just add more points. A smattering of poits scribbled close together nets me 220000, while a single big ring earns only 700. Nah, Harper's worried about environmentalists, and other possible threats to the dangerous pipelines his friends from the oil business want to put it. C-51 allows them to brand people as terrorists, and C-24 lets them ship'em out to one of the USA's torture facilities. With windows, Ive done very well with goodsync. It tries very hard to keep things synchronised nicely, including when the connection between clients is patchy. Isn't that what https://news.ycombinator.com/show is? If you rotate the triangular grid, you get an isometric grid, which is nice for sketching 3d models What does realscout do though? it would likely burn up on entry here's the werewolf version: http://www.games-wiki.org/wiki/Werewolves_of_Millers_Hollow/ having cards available as reminders of who's alive is very helpful The US has been in a political meltdown for what, 6 years? I lock the door when I leave the house, requiring me to have my keys by the time the door is locked. you could start a consulting company macbooks are giant passive heat sinks though; a wooden laptop doesn't conduct all that well > what is _____ anyway? I feel like that's a relevant question I have for most HN posts What does that mean for IBM and Express? My TI 89 runs BASIC. ...but it also gives me access to great symbolic manipulation tools, which more than makes up for it. I write with lingo now and then, when I want to quickly try out some game mechanic idea > Finally I went to see my doctor and explained how I felt. I told him my brain felt like a steam locomotive and that it took an immense effort to get it moving. He was extremely helpful and made me try Methylphenidate to start. It was like having the fog cleared from my brain That describes especially well! A good hangover tends to help me for a day or two, but generally its a steam engine in fog that's hard to get moving. i'd say the old code decomposes when people forget how to code well with the older features. not sure if that will happen, but it might cant you avoid that by using a video element, and placing it over the canvas with CSS? I'm on my phone data, and if puts me on the east coast instead of the west with investment, those skills could be trained that gets boring quick streak of 6 with a mean error of 0.03 My acer s7 does pretty well; I've repaired it from severe rain damage, and it's generally easy to disassemble and replace the parts to. it's got a reasonably nice screen, nice build quality, and reasonably good performance, though you cant change out the wifi chip, nor the ram The webasite also said about enough to do well, and the windows install it came with just had some acer junk on it. a friend of mine is working on a company like that. http://sharesy.co bees turn nectar into honey if you need to lift that much weight, you'll be using a crane, in which case your strength is a moot point. Assuming strength does matter for loading/unloading, the real culprit is how truckers are paid, not the strength of the driver. boost is also a noun though I second that. I learnt it/redux/react-router on Saturday. an engineer is more like a plumber than an inventor though. you don't need to design a new type of screw to make a one off aquaduct, you don't need to design new bearings to make a gear box, you don't need to design a new opamp to make an amplifier, nor do you need to design a new MVC framework to make a one off CRUD app. You use off the shelf parts and combine them with your knowledge and skills to produce and effective solution for your constraints. If you can't do it with existing stuff, then you design something new that can do it. > Convenient proxy factory bean superclass for proxy factory beans that create only singletons. that actually makes sense to somebody? I grabbed a boilerplate[1] and read through it to produce a basic CRUD app for tracking mini libraries. mostly follow where the data flows through, and look up details on anything that looks like it could be doing a lot of stuff. the gyst is, you have your state [Redux store] which is updated through reducer functions. Each reducer tracks the state for its part of the system, and is called with an action name+data when the state should change. actions are called through a function, dispatch. it is typical to run a function as it's input, dispatch(makeAction()) where makeAction does things like make a REST request. the state object is passed into React components as state and properties, which you can use for rendering HTML. to receive them, you register what you want from the reducers, and it is automagically passed in, and you can pass properties down to child components as HTML looking markup. when something happens, like a user types into a text box, you call dispatch with the new text to be added to the state, which then gets reduced and passed into the next render call of the component, to update what's shown in the text box. specific to that codebase, containers are top level components. routing is done as a React component, where you render a tree of possible routes, pulling out variables as you go, to feed into the component/container leaves, and the matching route is rendered. [1] https://github.com/choonkending/react-webpack-node [2] https://github.com/jhedin/little-libraries you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly you could also have 1 library that depends on 50 different libraries, where you trust somebody to lock and update them responsibly "I'm pro calzone" sounds like a parks and rec reference if you have to wire thousands of LEDs, it will take significantly longer to setup the problem, and I think that should factor into the time complexity it would be easier if the manufacturer has it drive you to the police station instead they did a lot better with closing Google reader than this. at least then, they gave you what you needed to get the same service through a different provider, whereas here, theres nothing translation: they use websockets on AWS with insane numbers NPM modules. it's easy on heroku. I haven't done it with native modules though CV: farming/drone air photography based on those examples, I'm confused as to why they support GNU, considering it can be used with non free software such as a windows kernel. It looks like GNU is abhorrent to the FSF. wow, those are some poorly flown lines in [2] That looks pretty interesting; I might apply. One question about the non-optional meetings: when are they? If I am in PST, will I have to skip sleep or work to attend? http://imgur.com/ypBQEWx Add some noise, and use all the inputs, and one 8 wide hidden layer edit: works better with a sigmoid activation curve, but it converges more slowly wih that particular data set, it looks like it really just adds more data, and more importantly, fills in the gaps along the spirals which is where my setup was having troubles. The noise doesn't go far enough to start confusing points between different clusters, but it adds more points. That said, my knowledge of neural nets is fairly limited. Alrighty. In that case, I will send in an app. Word2Vec looks both interesting and challenging. do you have a comparison for the number of miles between human errors? since they're watching me, they should suggest the version that I use the most frequently That's basically server side rendering; ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup would do it? I on't know if it affects a real DOM though; it might have weird side effects on the app. it's in android as boatily. also of note, the US has precedent of making the first strike: against Japan. I don't think a president Trump would have any reservations about nuking "terrorists' families" most of the plants and things were thing of building on don't have atmospheres, so most of the heat loss is radiative? I don't think an airless gap would do much to reduce it. Thank you for clearing that up! I've been unable to visualize anything except taste since the age of ~10. I figured that was something I had grown out of! > Is there a beneficial reason for telomeres shortening with time? So that people die instead of reproducing when they're old it solved differences between older browsers. now, they tend to follow standards, and that melding is less needed what's your evidence that gun violence is going up? when do you run things over when racing? higher up in this thread, it is argued that the primary purpose of a gun is either punching holes in a piece of paper or a "tin can" or busting clay birds. those don't seem like times when it is critical to work every time. they should be keeping that secret; good gravity models are a major part of the difference in accuracy of American missiles vs Russian ones. For important things like ICBMs, you don't want to trust easily spoofable navigation like GPS. Instead, you double integrate over the acceleration data obtained from very accurate accelerometers and gyros. since these sensors measure acceleration, and gravity is acceleration, any change in gravity over the missile's path will cause it to think it had moved differently than it did. Knowing the precise earth gravity then you can account for these changes. Changes in the magnetic field will affect compass readings, which help you decide what direction the missile is facing. Knowing the (fixed over time) change will help account for measurement error in the compass. I'm not sure how much that helps though, since the compass' earth field is constantly changing anyways due to the sun and magnetisation of the missile itself. The actual surface shape has an effect on the gravity experienced above the ground, but is also important to make sure you know what height you're aiming for, and that there's nothing in the way. it's more like the skillset for being a getaway driver. running over people doesn't require that much speed, but lots of agility. if you're driving really fast,a person will get out of the way, and you won't be able to turn fast enough to intercept them. the most natural thing to do with a car isn't to run people down though, it's to travel from one place to another. target practice is to racing, as shooting people (or hunting) is to a road trip. how often does a todler accidentally slice and stab their parent to death with a knife, versus shooting them to death with a gun? a knife isn't designed to kill because it's difficult to kill somebody with a knife by accident. A knife is designed to maim, explaining the large number of injuries, but much smaller number of deaths. > He is asking that researchers produce code that he can put into production. Provided someone's willing to pay for it, that could be a fun engineering job: implementing research papers as production code. Alternate: have the bitterest chocolate around(90-100%), such that you can only eat a square inch or so at a time. What would be considered deep experience with OpenCV? also, assuming you have said experience, is there a function somewhere that lets you do a findHomography with ransac, but lets you assume there's no perspective transformation? estimateRigidTransform seems close, but doesn't like outliers? I feel like facebook could create such a thing without effort. They should already know whee you are when you're at home, so they could make groups that cluster people by location. I think I've poked around in the source enough to be able to do that -- running into failed assertions in ORB and such:P 2: Thanks! I'll give that a try! coming up with side projects is difficult. They might have failed miserably at translating these words i maintain that love, and continue installing mx2004 on things Google music does it nicely it also lets me learn by example, with a clear ipicture of how a tool or library or whatever fits into the puzzle. Id go for two cameras, and try to hack some 3D recording out of it. and replacement inertial sensors, those always seem to break on me. edit: actually, it would be cool to put an FPGA on there. thorium is not in short supply. It's very easy to find more There's someone in Halifax researching Sodium Batteries, which would be a fair bit easier to find than lithium, though less effective. React is complex because there are realms of new things you can do with it that you couldnt do before in a web app, and the best version hasnt been found yet. any time you make something, you find that out from the people that will make it. usually they can also improve your designs to make then cheaper to produce as well. ... I thought that was standard teachings in mechanical engineering? I heard back a no. This was interesting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM1iUe6IofM Reliable because it has to be is also a strong argument that what he's doing with his guns doesn't need that level of reliability. if that level of reliability was needed, non military grade guns would have it. I feel safer without the gun than I would with one. If you have one, you're the first target for everybody else with a gun. Kill you before you can start shooting back. that suggests that once born, an individual could have all of their genes removed, and be perfectly fine, other than not being able to pass on traits to a new individual. meaning is a nice convention to signify that something works well for some use case. like, you didn't intend to type anything, it was just a series random processes that resulted in some text, but by convention, it's nice to say that you meant to write something.