How about just googling it? "ua 941" what about gopher:// !!!! No discussion of C++ should go without mentioning the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers). It carefully explains every single thing wrong with the language, and there's a LOT to explain. http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ Skip to http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html for a great overview. And if anyone ever mentions "templates" again I'm gonna smack them hard. Considering Nolan has managed to tank a number of startups over his lifetime post-Atari, I'm guessing he has experience from the other end. Anyone still holding uWink stock out there? I'll second that. Qt is a beautiful toolkit. It's just enough C++ to be useful, and avoids all the templates and obnoxious flotsam that makes that language such a horror. Signals and slots work great, and other tools (qmake for example) are a pleasure to use. I just take it as an indication that people in the IT/computer fields just don't have any exposure to this kind of work, and they are curious about it. How many kids graduating with a CS or IT degree today have ever wired up a circuit? Or played with a microprocessor and hooked something up to it? I bet that number is smaller than you think. GPS won't help you enter a URL from a magazine ad. QR is a nice idea, fills a niche, and since you don't need a standalone barcode reader like the CueCat anymore this might have a chance here in the USA. Threading. Which is what Wave is trying to offer. Yeah, some of us are late on this story. Considering a second HN post just above this one (The girl who cried webmaster) refers to the same story, and the original post on that blog was deleted, I have no backstory. Can someone fill us in? I'm in agreement with the article, but I think it's more of a way to leverage a bit more publicity for the Pre. It can go both ways: 1) Apple does nothing and Pre makes it a selling point, or 2) Apple sues them and Palm makes themselves the victim, crying for equal rights for all media devices under iTunes. Palm gets publicity as the underdog, and Apple is the big bad Death Star. At best, Palm capitalizes on the anti-Apple sentiment out there. At worst...the Pre loses syncing? Right, and just like in #2 all the existing Pre users cry all over the internet claiming Apple took away their right to enjoy their music using iTunes. I'm also wondering if enough complaining could grab the attention of the government. Okay, so you won't buy one. But I would, just to websurf sitting on the couch. I want a form factor like a magazine or book, not a 5 pound laptop. That's pretty much correct. WindRiver was gaining a lot of ground recently in the embedded linux area, especially doing baseports of the kernel to new processors. Considering a lot of those new processors are ARM-based and Intel would like some embedded developer love for Atom, it looks like a purely strategic decision. Considering they were part of the Android open handset alliance (I believe they helped with the first kernel on the G1), it'll be interesting to see what happens with future development in that area. Most of the new Android handsets are ARM cores (Google wrote an ARM-optimized libc especially for the system). VxWorks had a reputation of being extremely expensive. Long time back we asked for a quote to use Vx in a casino gaming system. They asked what our annual revenue was before giving us a quote. We decided at that moment to write our own RTOS. I wonder if things like that eventually came back to haunt them as the OS world went open source. I don't recall any paperwork at all circa 1992-1994. You filled out an e-mail form and sent it back to NSF. It was pretty much all automated. Go check out the fine print where AT&T wants $400 from you to break the contract on your existing 3G and buy the 3GS. Yeah, Apple skipped through that part of the presentation REEEAAALLLY fast. Guess they don't want to be the ones to give the bad news. Hmm, didn't fix my iPhone client. Try again! Yeah, I'm not convinced that Google departing this market would lead to it's demise. The void would just fill up with other advertisers chomping at the bit for that cash. That's probably why Google it still doing it. Man, I hope you never wind up in a hospital with your nurse reading that comment. This line really bugged me: "Google may also face some touchy decisions. For example, its YouTube subsidiary uses Flash for its video, but the inclusion of HTML 5 capabilities in browsers might cause YouTube to rethink that decision, notes Fette. "It's a cost/benefit analysis that they'd need to make." I know Yahoo! doesn't like to drink the Google koolaid, but they should have at least paid attention to the fact that Google has been converting the video on YouTube from FLV to H.264 for some time now. They launched it alongside iPhone (no flash player there, remember?) If HTML5 got enough momentum, you'd see the FLV content on YouTube disappear overnight. Very true, and something I realized I didn't mention. But I think that shows Adobe is hedging it's bet on FLV and the ON2 codec. I asked a coworker who went to WWDC about this incident, and it went down nothing like Marco said. Yes, Apple engineers skipped the Q&A, but were all available at the foot of the stage after the presentation to take individual (and off-the-record) questions. After working with Flash Lite for way too long, I gotta agree. I'm still convinced it's all about . All this clamoring for Flash on iPhone, Flash on Android, Flash on GE Ovens etc is all about people getting their video (cough cough PORN) on their handsets. Give them H.264 and a -tag enabled browser, throw in a little JQuery for animating menus and eye candy, and we'll leave Flash in the dust for good. Javascript is the new bytecode. Why not just buy a new one from Unicomp with modern USB ports and etc etc? You've never read theregister.com before, have you? This is an average article from them. Welcome to the real world, Android. skip intro....skip intro....skip intro....skip intro..... So does that mean you can't program these HP emulators? I see the [R/S] key right there in the screenshots. I was all excited about Joost when the first stories about it were circulating on the net. I signed up for the beta. And waited. And waited. Then I could finally download the client (that's another strike in itself), then discovered it wouldn't run on my older hardware. That's when I gave up. Hulu had a much shorter private period, much laxer signup rules, and didn't need a dedicated client player. I'm intrigued by this story as well, but if the Canonical Yamhead is going to jump into the pool then all credibility is lost for sure. Sigh. Cache please? Unless that's the point, since his server has since melted into a pool of lava. Sigh. Didn't we just go through this with the lawsuit involving Apple and the Apple blogs? http://www.nytimes.com/2005/03/12/technology/12blog.html?_r=... "[The ruling]... focused on the notion that the published information included trade secrets and was essentially stolen property." Oh, I see. I guess my interpretation of "stolen property" is different from yours. Sorry. Nobody else seems to be bothered by it. I don't believe porn site owners really aspire to have cutting-edge designs on their sites. If the code is part of the reason for Goldman's huge profits, then let's hear about it. There are a few sites accusing GS of packet-sniffing the NYSE electronic exchange and slipping in their trades microseconds before the real trades take place. Those are rumors. One known fact is that Goldman was pulling down USD $100,000,000 per DAY in profits from their automated trading systems. That's a hundred million dollars. A day. Okay, I'll concede that. What I won't ever believe is that Goldman made 100 million dollars in profit trading securities and commodities only for customers in this current economic climate. You can get full data with T-Mobile prepaid? I'm using a SIM pulled from a $19.99 prepaid phone stuck in an iPhone 2G and all I get is EDGE service, funneled through their WAP portal. You really need the monthly service to get full internet connectivity (friend's G1 SIM in my phone works great). It's also not a bug. The article never titled it a bug. It's also easy to lose sight of the fact that the first moon landing was not the first mission shot into space. It was the end result of 12 Gemini missions and 10 previous Apollo missions. That's a lot of spacecraft to build and shoot into space beforehand. The software, of course, was amazing. But I was more blown away reading this article and seeing it was a bunch of engineers in their late 20s and early 30s running the show. Geez. Yeah, it would have made more sense. All I see here is an infinite loop. Keep clicking and let us know if you see it unwind. Wasn't there a proposal floating around to make all orders valid for one second, effectively killing these types of trades? I'm all for that. No individual investor can cancel a trade that quickly, how come it's okay for GS and all the other traders to do it? I don't consider it an inefficiency as much as a parasitic loss. All those man-in-the-middle fragments are being scooped up and funneled to one entity. It's not really his job to care what the private sector does with GPS. In fact, if some kind of combat ever broke out inside the borders of the USA, civilian GPS would be shut off in a heartbeat. The European system is called Galileo: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_(satellite_navigation) Supposedly ready by 2013. Digital projection systems are paid for by the theater owners, not the distributor. Then it becomes a chicken-and-egg problem. Theaters won't install the expensive systems if there's no content to show on them, and the actual demand from filmgoers is still an unknown (i.e. does the improved quality and increase in available screens bring in more box office revenue?) Filmmakers won't go through the trouble of digitizing and sending out the films digitally if there are no theaters to show it. I do too. I almost feel bad saying I agree with the Yamhead, but the more I read about HST and the wave of financial types claiming this is all perfectly legal just makes me angrier and angrier. Without donning the tinfoil hat for too long, you gotta wonder if that source code Aleynikov tried to take away from Goldman was a smoking gun. I've never seen the FBI move so fast. When the hat comes off it's probably just one mechanic trying to take the toolbox to another garage. Funny thing. I can swap "Wall Street" for "Las Vegas" in what you just said, and it reads exactly the same. It boils down to this, in my opinion: 1) The market is simply random. Every stock you buy is a bet placed on a roulette table. 2) Mutual funds, derivatives, etc are just ways of hiding the randomness. (Hey, why play at one roulette table when you can play at 1,000 at the same time! Less risk!) 3) Even if you do decide to take the plunge and buy in, the system is rigged against you. Much smarter people have figured out how to get theirs and get out before you know what's happened. The house always wins. I personally have no problem with people investing their retirement in the market...if the market was directly tied to the economy and the growth of companies. But I don't see that market as being ABOUT that anymore. It's become a world of side bets and arbitrage plays. When an outsider analyst has more influence over the price of a stock than the company itself, then the market is a game, not an investment. For example: a company can show growth, real POSITIVE growth...but ohmygodholyjebus if it's not EXACTLY what the analysts predicted then the stock is toast for the quarter. What the hell is that all about? Why do we play quarter to quarter instead of decade to decade? Because Wall Street is now about churn. And churn makes commissions. The NDK is new, and not that powerful. It's nice if you have some big chunk of legacy C++ you want running underneath an Android app, but you have no access to most of the internals that are also written in C++ (radio, media, hardware, graphics, etc). You're still going to have to code in Java and talk to the native code through the JNI. You can also download the open source tree and work with the entire native layer, but that's undocumented territory. jm4 makes a good point. Get any personal items out of your office ASAP. Do it slowly and quietly, do it after hours if possible. Just prepare for the possibility that one morning the doors may be locked when you show up. Right. A normal wing will never bend 150% beyond it's limits in even the worst flight conditions. But it's a testament to how strict the FAA is about engineering new planes. Watch the similar test done on the 777: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe9PVaFGl3o Maybe it's time to take the whole Ritalin and stop breaking them in half. Microsoft missed revenue estimates by a billion dollars in the fourth quarter. I guess that's a rounding error for them too. So, really, this is a metamarketing event. Pepsi and CBS can't possibly expect to see any benefit from sending such an expensive ad to a miniscule amount of subscribers. This seems more about the message ABOUT the message. The large amount of web coverage over the little video player is really the expected payoff to the advertisers. The Apple II was kind of special, though. BASIC was available to you within a few seconds of turning the machine on, and it was built-in. The availability of the language kind of prompted you to try things out and explore the system. I see the learning curve as being a lot higher for kids these days. Computers are more accessible and prevalent, but the amount of effort to get something running, even "Hello World", is much higher. Someone (was it Bill Atkinson?) once said he wished HyperCard was built into the ROM of every Mac. I wonder what the world would be like now with a whole generation of kids playing with hypertext and simple OO concepts. "At a bail hearing three days later, a federal prosecutor asked that Mr. Aleynikov be held without bond because the code could be used to “unfairly manipulate” stock prices." Yet somehow we trust that Goldman isn't doing the very same thing with this code? C'mon... These ideas work, but only if you can get everyone else to play along, knowingly or unknowingly. In Chicago at rush hour, if you leave more than a car's worth of space ahead or behind you, it will be filled instantly. It's from 25 years of experience. Noodle from Atlanta has a similar experience in the comments below. If this type of feature can prevent a good portion of users from unknowingly installing malware via random .dmg files loaded from the net, then I'm all for it. So many people these days just install anything without really checking what it is. I don't consider this anti-viral, more like a condom for the lazier users. Qt is coming into the platform as well. You've never worked with a subcontractor on a home remodelling project, have you? =) These guys carry three cellphones AND a pager, but will never show up on time for an appointment or call to tell you they're not going to be at your house on the day you took off of work. But when that bill is due lookout: they're magically available and on the phone with you constantly. We better go ride the coasters one more time before they rename The Incredible Hulk to The Incredible Hank. It's The Register. They're always like this. Swimming without goggles is difficult when wearing contacts. The lenses tend to wash out of the eye (at least for me). Especially when you signed away all those rights in the developer agreement (or so I've been told). I have to agree with the analyst quoted on page 2. There's too many specific parts and themed items on many of these new kits. I remember when the space kits came out (like Galaxy Ranger) and we all cried foul when they introduced the little engine and wing thingies. Those aren't LEGO! Now everything is a custom molded piece and barely has any mounting studs on it. And let's not even mention Bionicle. Now get off my lawn. Okay, I'm dating myself then, because I think things started going to hell in 1978, not 1992. Although we got minifigs, which were a lot better than those strange half-people that came with the duplo kits (e.g. http://www.tons-of-toys.com/item_images/Classic%20toys%20and... ) These are all pretty simple and fair questions. Nothing you should need a textbook for, unless you're faking something on your resume... I take a slight objection to the statement that Android wasn't there until the iPhone came along. The project was underway long before Google picked them up in 2005, and development on this idea of an open-source phone OS was going on without knowing what Apple was doing. And sure, iPhone is a more robust platform, but there were inklings of a 'free-the-phone-from-the-carrier' movement without Apple's involvement. There were also smaller mobile linux projects underway like Qtopia and Maemo. Also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_CRS (nee Apollo) So I'd like to hear what people would actually DO with a mac tablet.... Are you going to use it like an oversized iPod? Type large documents with the touchscreen? Watch movies? Read books? I took Spindler's comments during the presentation as a thinly veiled message of "look, the iPod touch/iPhone can do most of what you want here, so don't hold your breath for a tablet". Then again, that's usually a sign there's one around the corner... My son is in a district-run preschool. When he's picked up by car my wife puts a card in the window that matches the ID number on his backpack. A teacher or aide walks him to the car and even loads him in so that my wife doesn't need to exit the car. The reason for this system? He's four years old. It's easier to keep the kids inside the building and seated quietly on benches until the car drives up and is ready to receive the child. No responsible school would turn 200 kids that can barely speak into a parking lot and let them sort it out. It's also more efficient, with 50 cars lined up in a queue they can move kids in and out of these without a traffic jam. I think it's misleading to put the idea of children being escorted into cars into an article without giving a little more context. I agree with Blasdel. Think about MP3 players back then and how awful the song management software was. They were afterthoughts and it showed. The bad experience dealing with those programs negated any benefit from HAVING an MP3 player. I remember messing with my Nike/PSA's player and trying to load my songs onto it, and I simply gave up. Apple figured out that iTunes needed to be as easy to use as the iPod. That was their win. Should be required reading for any future Oracle customer. Could you try to watch the first 15 seconds of the video on that link? The first emulator only had a dpad and a couple of buttons. With more devices coming out, it looks like they added more key support for various things. The old emu also only supported QVGA and HVGA, the new one appears to let you pick a custom size and DPI for your build. I remember that one. And man, did it look awful on a color TV. You really needed a dedicated monochrome monitor to make that one work. But gamblers can't put a large bet out there on the sportsbook floor and just before an interception is caught declare "Whoops! That bet isn't valid anymore". Remember that 700 Mhz auction? Verizon bought big and is using it to quietly build LTE all over the place. So what happens next year when they offer data service that is a order of magnitude faster than 3G? Are they still not innovating? LTE is promising 50-60 mbps, but field trials are showing 8 to 10. Would you drop your AT&T iPhone for that? Because the stock market doesn't generate money. Money changes hands based on rising and falling values, but the money hasn't just appeared out of thin air, nor is it destroyed. What about compilers that stick in NOPs to keep pipelines in sync? I think that's a harder case when it comes to large-screen televisions. Do we really expect that people will buy a new TV every few years like they do with iPods, phones, and laptops? It's going to take something really significant to convince a whole block of TV watchers to upgrade their sets. In the US, it's only happened with the advent of color broadcasting (1960s) and HD/digital broadcasting (2000s). Yeah, didn't think about that one. Good one. Or confirm you as a nation that puts an expensive, small return mission as priority over more pressing internal problems? Built-in BASIC. That was key for me. No need to find the disks or install anything. You could be up and messing around with a small program within a minute. From a UN Report: "More than 700 million Indians, or roughly two-thirds of the population, do not have adequate sanitation. Largely for lack of clean water, 2.1 million children under the age of 5 die each year" My point is: shouldn't a country like India put their research and money toward solving THESE problems instead of putting a man on Mars? Nobody bought the IBM PC because it was called a "PC". They bought it because it was IBM, and in the 1980s there was a saying: "Nobody ever lost their job buying IBM". No, it was because of Compaq. Compaq won the white-room reverse engineering suits against IBM, opening the door for dozens of manufacturers to make clones of the IBM PC/XT/AT. Eventually the term "PC Clone" got shortened to "PC" when referring to anything that was compatible with the PC-AT standard. I'd look at it from the reviewer's side (just to play devil's advocate here). We know from some reports that they're reviewing 8500 apps per week over (supposedly) 40 reviewers. That's about 10 minutes per app per reviewer per 8 hour workday. So imagine you're the cashier at Taco bell and you have 10 seconds to fill an entire order. The line is hundreds deep. When someone comes up and says "I'd like a Whopper and..." do you spend time trying to correct that person, or do you yell NEXT! and kick him out of line? "Android" is used nowhere in the marketing of any of the Android-based phones. That's why it says "With Google!" instead. When it comes to the consumer, they're not going to even know what Android is. Go ask any Nokia owner if they like their Symbian phone. Not when there's money to be made. Some of these techniques came from the guys breaking the encryption on satellite TV systems. But now he's seen that it's not worth spending the time developing a full application. Writing a toy program is how most developers explore a new framework start to finish. In this case, submitting a "Hello World" or "Tip Calculator" application as a test was very revealing. What's not mentioned is that Via has larger upfront cost. $3 for 3 Via packets or $20 for 24 packets. I've tried Via, and it needs to either be WAY cheaper or lightyears better than the in-store brewed coffee to make the purchase worthwhile for me. I'm not saying that's a hard task on either count. Starbucks brew is way way too strong and burnt for my tastes. The trend has also been to make the toy actually available to operate from inside the packaging. So there are all these intricate ways of tying certain parts down but letting others stay free, all while a hidden microswitch is held down by another piece of plastic to cripple the toy in a demonstration-only mode with less battery wear. Oh yeah, let's not forget the preinstalled batteries. Wanna bet the Amazon toys have none included? Okay, so what do their bong letters look like now? I've got one from the 1991 recession that's pretty nice. Let's compare! Well, Verizon just put a huge shot across AT&T's bow today by announcing they would allow Google Voice (and others) on their new Android-based handsets. http://www.wired.com/gadgetlab/2009/10/verizon-android-phone... Very true. Verizon could be all talk at this point. But it's interesting to see the walls starting to come down, slowly as they are. I'm tired of telling friends and family how to install and maintain systems like "a computer hooked up to a TV". There's a reason why there are more TiVos out there than MythTVs.