Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option. Windows by default only shares within your local network. Optionally you can turn it on for the wider internet and it does not seem to use that much data in my experience. It's based on the linux kernel and many of the core components have been rewritten in rust which the google security team seems to be suggesting is the solution to these problems. I don't have any actual proof but my gut feeling is the linux kernel is better tested and has better security hardening than the ios internals. So just like PHP tutorials then. That's a fair and valid complaint. The thought that learning from copyrighted content makes new output copyrighted is pretty far fetched and wouldn't apply to a human. I think people value their code snipits way way too much. A 10 line function to post to twitter is not worth anything. Its an entire codebase that has value. Personally I'm not a huge fan because of how spaced out the text content is. So many images breaking the flow of thought. Id rather blocks of text and then a gallery of images. But you get what you get. A string of tweets is better than nothing. Perhaps it was to save money on sockets. The stores go empty because people who already have the sunk cost of a car will just drive to the next city for bigger stores at cheaper prices. I think for things to work, we need to seriously cut down the fees for selling a house. The fees and laws are set up for someone who buys/sells once every few decades. So if you move frequently, there is no way you could be a owner without taking serious losses. They can just use the data and see "50% of verified humans clicked this" and know that it is debatable or not obviously a match but not a verified not-match. Proof of work is horrific. Means someones old phone has a meltdown trying to load the page while a warehouse in china with the latest GPUs cranks out billions of proofs per second. You could even utilize botnets to get random laptops and fridges to do your PoW. > or just causing some electrons to be moved around to prove your not a bot? The problem is spam networks have more computers and more power than your phone does so any proof that you can do, spammers can do 1000x faster. PoW can sort of work when your attack to defend against is a ddos situation where an attacker has to make far more requests than the average user, but most captchas try to defend against bots being able to use the site at all which PoW can not do. I just find it very amusing that simple pictures of outside in the US are being described as "unbearably depressing". A pretty good signal that modern urban design in the US is creating very ugly and depressing spaces. >like they were taken by a decade-old smartphone. It's more that its cropped from a much larger photo and the AI has detected that something is here but it isn't 100% on which thing it is out of a few possible candidates. The sharp stuff is already clearly identified. CFC gasses where a big one. They were hugely useful for many things but were found to be breaking down ozone and were very rapidly banned effectively. There was in Australia for a short time. The topic has become poisoned though and it will be very hard to bring back with newscorp still running things. Something that almost the entire population uses all day is only using 5%? Sounds incredibly efficient. Repacking fonts to be smaller sounds about as useful as plugging a hand crank generator in to the power point. You can say this of just about everything. The problem is that everything needs to be cut down. Recently moved to the city and got rid of my car. I now walk everywhere. I feel like this has cut out a fairly significant chunk of my impact. They taste different to cane sugar / corn syrup but good/bad is subjective and something you get used to. I used to not like it but now my taste adjusted it and now I don't like the "real sugar" flavor. The problem is that we have introduced so many new chemicals recently and have seen so many unexplained changes to health. Its virtually impossible to work out which thing did what. I'm not going to stress over aspartame though. Plastics, PFOA, PTFE, processed meats, and air pollution are way above on my concern scale. If I was concerned about cancer from aspartame, I would never touch any form of alcohol again. If wood was sold as cookware designed to get to high temperatures. Yes. Its that there are so many thing we _know_ cause cancer in high rates that we still consume. So I wouldn't waste mental energy on something that maybe might cause it before cutting out everything we know causes it first. It's not that hard to say anyway. You read it as "quad a". Even a linear growth is fine. By 2030 there will be pretty much 100% adoption at this pace. There may even be a tipping point when places like India are so stretched for v4 addresses and v6 is so widespread where local sites go v6 only which triggers a much faster adoption rate on the consumer side. It's nothing critical but some ISPs use multiple layers of hacks to work IPv4 and certain types of networking become very unreliable over it. Things like long running connections will be dropped because the ISP routers do not maintain the NAT mapping forever. For github pages its probably not going to make a huge difference but for things like SSH or file transfers it could be an issue. For things like video game servers or home servers you just flat out can not work them on v4 if your ISP uses CG-NAT. Pretty sure gitlab allows for any file type to be uploaded and they also support issue only projects. It looks like there is more gameplay in getting the thing installed than the actual game. If every company suddenly decided that they now want to keep a years stock of their important parts rather than a week, the demand just went up 52x right away. It's no surprise even basic parts are sold out for the next year at least. In most cases I would agree but right now I am seeing actual shortages. In just web development, it seems like this year every single company decided is the time to expand. And when every company decided to expand at the same time, there is a shortage of workers to fill those roles since you can't just pull senior developers from thin air or unis. I was making a comfortable wage previously but this year most of my coworkers have left for other jobs and I'm on the way out too since the current job listings are close to double what I make currently. An eye watering amount of money is on the table right now. But paying more is a zero sum game. To gain developers you have to be draining them from some other company and it will take years for new supply to come in. Because farms cost $18 billion dollars each and become obsolete in less than 5 years? I'm looking at the supplier websites and trivial parts like 10 cent microcontrollers have over a year wait times. This is why I have been waiting for months to have the dryer I ordered and there is still no delivery date set. I would have no issues going out and buying the latest macbook right now but basic other products are missing. It would seem exceedingly difficult to reuse chips at scale. The software and pcb is deigned around one microcontroller in particular and it is not trivial to swap them out with others. So if I design my washing machine around a particular chip, I could order a million of them for 5 cent each, or I would have to: * somehow identify other models which have the chip * find 1 million of them about to be discarded * rip them open, desolder, collect these parts * discard the rest of the machine * do this for about 10 cents per washing machine combined with the fact that washing machines usually last a decade and will be dying out over a time period spread out over 10-20 years after manufacturing time. How on earth would it be possible to pull off and by that time, these chips will be very obsolete / impossible to order new ones. Those old and cheap chips seem to be hit the hardest. I can easily buy an M1 macbook today but buying a washing machine or a basic microcontroller is sold out for an undetermined time. With enough time I assume they will. People will get upset if they suddenly see stores selling the same product for double the price. So the stores take the loss (or really just not taking the potential profit) and then let scalpers resell them at market value while offloading all of the hate on to faceless ebay sellers. It is a shortage because there are more open positions for senior developers than there are senior developers here. Paying more won't bring senior developers out of the void because there do not exist enough to fill all positions. If all companies expand at the same time they can not possibly all fill their positions no matter what they pay. I'm talking about the whole of Australia right now (remote but country based). I can see job listings have all exploded in listed salary and every company I talk to is looking to expand. The cost and difficulty of this task is monumental and the rewards are so small. These chips literally cost cents and outside of global disasters, they are quite easy to buy in the millions. And it isn't just micro controllers that are out of stock basic passive components are missing as well. It would cost an absolute fortune to strip all of these parts off older machines. No one wants to pay $6000 for a washing machine made of scrap parts which may fail and are long since obsolete so they can no longer be reordered. I read "do you need a webserver" like "do you need one yourself" and freeloading off someone elses server like with GL pages counts as not having a webserver. Otherwise how else would you serve content? IMO its a problem that we try to keep everyone alive at all costs disregarding quality of life. I would much prefer to just die before becoming incapable of basic tasks and being kept artificially alive. Configuration adds complexity and is a huge source of confusion for users. Google drive strikes me as something that should just work and be so simple that you do not have to configure it. There does not seem to be any genuine reason to make this change a setting because the main objection is just "I don't like it" rather than "it stops me from doing x" or "it makes x harder" It would be much less painful to just have users get used to the new behavior than to support a setting for forever. For people who want full power, custom clients exist for google drive which can work however you want. We see a constant trend where users move towards products which just work rather than require manuals and configuration. Seems only sane that general public products like google drive should cater to this and if you want full power over everything, you have 3rd party clients, nextcloud, ftp, etc. Apple actually does really well at this where it matters. Their accessibility settings allow a huge amount of customization for making the devices easier to use for disabled people. They just don't have android rom style settings like changing the unlock screen to swipe down rather than up or turning the battery indicator in to a circle. What kind of evil plot do you think google is behind here? Seems like a completely legitimate change to me. Haha that UI branch name thing is hilarious. Everyone at work has the same problem and has had it for the year and a half we have been using gitlab but the gitlab devs insist it doesn't happen for them. You can workaround it by pressing the right arrow at the end of the text. GitLab pages started with the incredible idea that you could provide your own docker container and use the CI to build using whatever tools you want while github only supported jekyl at the time. A lot of that money gets spent on adding features to win sales and those features are a one time cost so they can be used for free to win new customers later. GitLab pushes hard to be the do everything tool. GitLab is not just a git hosting and collaboration tool. They want it to be the single tool you use for almost everything to do with an application including monitoring, controlling infrastructure, error logging, project management/planning, security auditing, and a bunch of other things. If you are using GitLab in a hobbyist or solo way, you are touching about 5% of the features that GitLab provides. Which is fine and a valid way to use it but its easy to see how customers justify spending big dollars on the top plan with hundreds of user licenses when the tool does so much. We even have customer support and project managers using the tool because it caters to them well. If you want you can even use gitlab to replace something like zendesk as it provides an email address which puts all emails in to a "support desk" queue. On that blue "create merge request" button on the issue page, there is a drop down arrow to let you pick a branch to start from. That text input is super buggy and often says the branch does not exist even if the name is correct. These days even peoples iot washing machines are being found to be participating in ddos attacks. Most devices are configured to randomize part of the v6 address for privacy so you can no longer see more info than ipv4 would show. I think part of the difficulty is that just receiving or denying the traffic can consume all of your resources. It really has to be denied at the ISP levels before it reaches your router. It's not just 250Gbps, its 250 on top of normal usage. Most ISPs run a fairly efficient setup where they are only paying for a little bit over the average usage. At least with this way, you don't have to hang on to bad ideas and specs for eternity. A bad crate can easily be swapped out for a better one and future developers won't have to remember which is the good date functions. These days you just ship it in a flatpak which is easy to install on any system. Distro specific packaging is a relic these days. As if the Google AI is smart enough to understand context anyway. If you are going to use google services, set a calendar reminder to download the takeout dump very frequently. It's pretty easy to do and saves you in these cases. IMO there needs to be some kind of minimum allowed customer support when handling user data. If you can't provide real support for free, then remove the free plan. If everyone has to then they are all equal again. It's just wrong to trick people in to trusting a service with their data and then yanking it with no support contact. The solution is government regulation. It should not be legal for Google to host peoples important data and yank it without any way for the person to get their data back.' Google should be legally required to either provide a phone number to call, or make the Takeout feature always available regardless of account bans. No, its like saying they should not be allowed to serve expired food and let x% of people end up sick. They should either serve safe to eat food or no food at all. You can use everything and just dump your account data frequently with Google Takeout. It's super simple to use and provides the data in a format you can easily upload to alternatives. Google drive and photos are my primary data copy and the .tgz dumps are my backup. You can easily get your data out frequently from here https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout Encrypted data is too much of a pain because it breaks cross platform integrations. I mostly upload files via my ipad and phone which are unable to encrypt the data. It also prevents you from previewing things without downloading the full file first. I have been doing a takeout every month. Do you really want to lose 6 months worth of files in a disaster? That's why you do it on a schedule and already have the dump downloaded before your account is flagged. That's easy to fix. You have a government body that takes complaints and if a company receives too many complaints over their customer service, they must pay a penalty. I wish someone would make a wireless split keyboard. I have the ergodox but I ended up replacing it with the logitech mx keys because I was sick of having cables all over my desk and having to unplug the thing every time I switch between my desktop and laptop. Interesting product. Little bit ugly but it does seem to be what I wanted. I actually had a usb switch setup going on but the problem was I had cables everywhere and still had to plug everything in to the laptop. Now I just plug in power and video and the rest is just wireless. There is a decent kurzgesagt video explaining what transforming a new planet would look like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-WO-z-QuWI Essentially it would be almost infinitely easier to reverse all climate change on earth than to make another planet livable but it is in theory possible. Hourly priced electricity will be the future. Solar is creating this huge abundance of power during the day and electric cars are basically a huge grid of batteries. Since you are not using your car for the majority of the day and usually not during the middle of the day where peak solar kicks in, you can just plug your car in every time you leave it parked and then a charge controller sits and does nothing until power prices drop to the expected lowest price before charging. With some kind of fail safe where they charge anyway if no expected low occurred. But another problem is that road construction itself is a huge cause of greenhouse gas emissions and isn't solved at all by electric cars. Only fewer and lighter cars would make things better. Personally I think electric scooters could replace a fair bit of car travel. The little sit down ones are sufficient to get you around for most trips and carry a bags worth of stuff. Registration fees should be based on vehicle weight to match the cost of the damage done to the roads. I have been using my Bose bt headphones for 3 years now and they still seem as good as the day I got them. No noticeable battery issues. Not only a proxy. The other random devices use their known location to add to the data to show where the device was found. It’s all encrypted with the key of the lost device owner so apple can not read it. I suspect Microsoft paid attention to how much marketing and hype comes around every iOS/android/macOS update and wanted in on that action. Now Microsoft can release a new number every year with its own marketing page and give the tech news sites something to write about that sounds better than “windows service pack 27273-b” The _only_ possible solution to this problem is government regulation. An open source radio on your phone does literally nothing when the phone networks are all hostile. There is zero chance a company would get away with that. Someone will find out their shoes have a pcb and battery in them. They are accurate to the tower which is far too accurate for comfort. From everything I have seen, Google most certainly does not have the talent already to compete with TSMC. The talent does not even exist outside of Taiwan and China. And that creating a new cutting edge fab is the most complicated task known to man and becomes obsolete in a few years. There is no way to verify the screen is genuine in a way that could not be copied. The current way works because there is nothing that can be copied. The main board asks for a serial number and only it knows what the correct one is. No 3rd party can fake that without tailoring it to the specific phone. It’s a real shitty situation but it’s a little more complex. “Legit service” stores actually can get the genuine parts and software though. This mainly affects DIY repair. The only thing I have ever had to have done is battery replacements and those are offered at a fair price from apple or authorised repair locations. I get your perspective but I feel the situation is more complex than that. Replacement parts _never_ brick the phone. They can disable FaceID, TrueTone and show "non genuine" warnings. They also seem to bug out the cameras but this was fixed via an update on the 12 and seems likely to be fixed here too. The FaceID one seems legitimate as a malicious faceid sensor could compromise security. The truetone one looks like total rubbish and should be fixed. And the non genuine messages are useful. The problem is not you knowingly putting in a non genuine part. It's that a disappointing chunk of repair stalls and almost all online parts are non genuine and essentially fraud as they advertise as being genuine and better than the original parts. Often they are recycled parts from used / stolen devices which are worn out before you even get them. There are even stores in 3rd world countries which will remove genuine parts from your phone and replace them with fakes while doing something like a battery replacement. The non genuine message protects the customer who gets their phone repaired. It also protects the second hand buyer so they can see that the whole phone is genuine and no bad parts are used. It also protects the phone owner by making theft less valuable as the parts can not be used to their fullest. So I totally understand the issues with DIY repair here, but I also see all of the other issues at play. The main issue I see is that Apple does not do repairs on certain parts of the phone like the lightning port so if those parts break, they won't do anything for you. I'd like to see Apple and governments work together to find a solution that ensures users get maximum repairability while still being protected against part fraud. I'd like to see Apple have some open dialog with the public and governments about exactly _why_ each restriction is in place, what problems they face, and why they have to do things this way. Mozilla needs a CEO for the same reason all companies need one. I find it disappointing how people grill open source or charity projects over spending money on management or marketing like it’s a waste. Do you think every other company spends this money just for fun? Or that it actually provides value to the business and helps them succeed? Sounds like they could use your money on Firefox but then allocate less of their own money to it so the result is the same. Yes. You probably have the extra codecs package added which is arguably illegal to distribute in the US. Other distros like Fedora won’t touch it. Because motherboards may not have enough headers for the number of fans people want to run. And people want to be able to control things via a GUI on their OS and not have to reboot in to some ancient and buggy firmware config page. It's not hard to see how a usb fan controller is desirable even if not strictly required. How convenient it would be for governments to be able to make the population content with their dystopia. No need to fix wages or living conditions. Just zap their brains in to liking it. It's possible that the CEO is right and the position is going for 5x less than market rate so only the bottom tier people want to take it. But also that Firefox is doomed no matter what they do. Chrome, Safari, and Edge are now all very good browsers that come by default. No one has a reason to install a different browser. An even cheaper CEO may not even be able to preserve the slow burn Mozilla is at and may just immediately crash it. In my experience it has been easy, but they charge a cancellation fee. As a user I quite like it. It self selects away the user hostile devs who put malicious dark patterns in their apps. If a company does not want to allow me to delete my account, I don't want to use it and I'm glad it's removed from the store. I wonder if in app customer support counts. My bank app has no account close button but you can live chat with them in the app and close your account. I almost feel dumb asking this, but what does “zero cost egress” actually mean? So this means free download? So if I host a 1tb file on r2, I pay for the storage but download is unlimited? Seems like a pretty good deal. I don’t think they were talking about the same person seeing the ad, but if you show 1000 people the ad a day for 10 days or show 10,000 people the ad in one day.