You may want to fix the link to https://medium.com/dialogue-and-discourse/anatomy-of-propaga... - yours requires logging in (and having an account). suspended. Collecting email-addresses without being GDPR-compliant is not a good idea in Europe, you might want to add a bit of legal text. The medium account of the article you linked to was suspended, the article cannot be accessed. Product development won't help if people don't know about it. Do more marketing (or start doing it at all). Talk to people that have done comparison articles on your topic in the past and explain your product and its' unique advantage to them (but don't expect them to include you immediately, takes time). Add videos that showcase your product (I'm lazy, I probably won't sign up and figure out how it works and if it works for me). Start blogging more, and offer solutions to specific cases ("I'm a XXX and here's how I used YYY to solve my problem with ZZZ"). From my experience: don't build anything for profit/public unless you have a marketing/sales plan/person. I've seen quite a few ideas fizzle out because all involved were working on the product and none were able/willing to work on getting people/companies to use the product. > but the point is that there's a case to be made for the word "homophobic." Yeah, but that case is rare, while the usage isn't. Homomisiac would be more accurate, though I find that too strong for many occasions: hate is quite high on the dislike-scale, and shouldn't be the first one to go for. > We think of real phobias as something we should tolerate in people and something we should be sensitive towards. That's not the case here. Unrelated: that sounds like you believe that people make a conscious choice regarding what they like and don't like, and to what degree they do so. I'm pretty sure you're going to have a rough awakening at some point. But that's not actually what it's about, is it? "They" isn't to be used instead of calling a female doctor "him" when you know she is female. I've noticed that more and more authors have just started to randomly (or by some pattern that I don't know) use "she" instead of "he" in about half the examples (as in "a user visits our home page. She might be annoyed when she has to wait for multiple seconds"). It works flawlessly and I find it much easier to read than "they" personally. I've talked to multiple people about content that I know includes that and nobody mentioned it in a negative way (but two people liked it). > Would you say that that employee should receive the same amount of tolerance and sensitivity as the one who was afraid of flying? It depends on how much I think about it and who is asking. If anybody who isn't academically interested is asking: Of course not, how dare you even present this idea! Otherwise, starting from the lack of free will, why are we judging them differently, and aren't we claiming that one made a conscious choice to not talk to gay people while the other didn't make a conscious choice to not fly? I'm with you that norms and traditions provide a clear answer, one that I'd most likely give as well intuitively. (And I'd be very surprised if you couldn't treat both with similar methods; neither is treated by firing her.) There is a difference between artificial change of languages and natural change though, isn't there? > I'm pretty sure Jones and co are crazy enough to believe much of what they pubish there. I don't believe Jones himself does, but maybe some contributors do. However: (some of) the audience definitely believes it. When they reproduce it, they do so with the best intentions. I agree regarding mistakes - otoh, being paranoid about making mistakes might be a good thing in today's media. Public shaming (by their competitors) isn't happening / working, that might be a good side effect. That's true. "Intent to publish" is probably pretty easy to prove, but "knowledge of falsehood"? Short of lie detector tests (that are questionable iirc), how would one do that? > teach critical thinking and how to compare sources I want to say "good plan", but turning everybody into journalists defeats the idea of specialization. We do regulate how to build houses so that you don't need to become an architect, structural engineer, masonry expert etc to judge whether those you paid to do the job did it well. If you really go deep, you'd need to become a medium expert on lots of topics to judge the accuracy of an article. That doesn't sound feasible. The government promoting certain news organizations does sound like a bad idea to me. And are there even many that don't have any ads? The Guardian certainly has, and they sell user data. Inability or unwillingness? It's a great way to stop people from contacting you. Just pop a captcha in and your form submissions will drop dramatically. And if you're looking for a quick way to kill conversions, just add a mandatory captcha check to the checkout. Great tool! It's important research. I'm not a believer in diversity for diversity's sake, but I still want my users to have the best experience they can have. Maybe a way to go is to offer multiple interfaces (though I wouldn't target genders, there's overlap; my father was just as scared of breaking something as my mother when I first introduced them to computers), so you can present your stuff in different ways to different people. What I do wonder however: is http://gendermag.org/ appealing to "female" patterns of interaction, or is it just bad? Because I find the presentation not appealing at all, and they have put effort into research and appear to care about the topic, so I doubt they've just thrown it on the web "because we have to publish it there as well, I guess". I'm not an academic, and my interest in it is mostly practical. I'm missing both practical advice and a well structured presentation that goes beyond "well, read the paper and look up the references". What I find most annoying that I'm never sure what to click in those "click all traffic lights" and similar puzzles. If there's a tiny part of a traffic light in a neighboring frame, does that count, should I highlight it? I've done both and failed, and I've done both and succeeded, I haven't figured out a pattern yet. Have you ever tried having your accounts deleted before the GDPR roll-out? Because I have, and no company ever said no. They are often "necessary" for monetization though, aren't they? A few privacy-minded people would probably pay a few bucks a month to use Google without tracking, ads etc, but I doubt that it would be a lot. And it wouldn't be cheap either, I'm afraid. Let's say you take what Gmail offers for free and buy it at ProtonMail - that'd be 20-30 euros a month just for Email. Who would spend hundreds of dollars a month to get today's average digital experience but with solid privacy? And who could actually afford to? I agree, but it would increase the prices, right? Would you buy a phone that doesn't include "we'll sell the user's data" in the financial planning at twice the price? And pay another premium for a mobile provider that doesn't actively track you & sells profile data? I'm not so sure about it being added just because they can make a few extra bucks. I believe it becomes part of the revenue system and drives down the margin they make on the actual product. Once somebody starts, everybody has to follow or they can't compete because their product is expensive. With privacy minded people being a small minority, it probably doesn't make sense financially to cater to them in many markets. Emails is relatively simple, building a cell phone, or running a cell network, is not, so you don't do it for a handful of users. I'm not (knowingly) engaging in fear mongering, I just looked up what I'd pay at ProtonMail (privacy first) to have equal storage space I get at GMail (19GB; privacy last), and that's 20-30 euros. Looking at a web search engine, how much would that cost me? What about a place that syncs my images from my cell phone? Or Analytics for my blog? An OS for my smart phone? Google provides all that for free and finances it by mining the data users give them in return. Apple gets something like $9bn a year to let Google be the default search engine. That's revenue for Apple, coming directly from Google's wish to get more data. If you remove that, will iphones be 10-20% more expensive? I agree completely, if we want to change that, government has to be involved. There's little to no incentive for a company to change. I doubt many users are fine with a price increase, and for some it may be prohibitive, and they'll not be happy to no longer be able to afford a smart phone. If your electricity provider only offered affordable rates in exchange for giving up a certain amount of privacy, I'm sure most people would still go for it. Most people need electricity much more than they need privacy. Will those "good players" be able to compete? And will they even get funding if it's required to start their business? Unless you force everybody to not just dump toxic chemicals into the river, the company that doesn't will have to charge a lot more, and customers will go with those that do (if they live far enough from the river, or upstream from the dump site). > The job of European data protection agencies isn't to be punitive, but to ensure compliance. Wouldn't larger fines ensure compliance though? > That's a bazooka you don't use for every infraction. Use it once, and you won't have to use it again. I don't know the usual english translation of a quote attributed to Mao: punish one, teach one hundred. Handing out fines that actually hurt will not only teach those that receive it but also everybody else. Making knuddels.de pay €20k for leaking the data (including clear text passwords) of millions of users just says "do as you please, here's a symbolic fine, we don't mind". You're probably right, they don't want to hurt the actors on the first offence. We shall see whether it will turn into a three-strikes system, or remain in a rather pedagogical western european fashion. It does remind me off Google vs SEO-Black-Hat-Spammers. They get caught, the get a manual penalty, they remove the worst, say they're sorry, the penalty gets lifted, they continue on. "Hi, I'm working for cnbc and I've never heard of Baidu or China" Top articles of the moment: > Can You Recognize These Rectangular-Ish U.S. States? > 31 Ways To Make Traveling So Much Less Stressful > People Are Sharing The Nicest Thing A Stranger Has Done For Them, And It's Exactly What You Need Today I mean, I'm sure they do also sometimes produce journalistic content, and it might be of great quality when they do. Well, the news was about "BuzzFeed" in general, but fair enough. Buzzfeed News current top articles: Why Bryan Singer’s Latest Scandal May Not Affect Rami Malek’s “Bohemian Rhapsody” Oscar Campaign This Photographer Captures The Emotional Final Moments Between Pets And Their Owners Climate Change Is A Top Priority For The New Crop Of Governors — Even One Republican A Man Allegedly Harassed Parkland Victims' Families On Instagram By Posing As The Shooter A Woman Mistakenly Showed Up For Her Interview With Microsoft A Month Early. Her Hilarious Exchange With The Company Has Gone Viral. "Foreign" here means "Western" or "American", I suppose. As far as I know, Yandex isn't blocked in China, and they are Russian, so foreign to China. I don't know their market share (they fall under "other", but so does "bing" often), still worth a mention maybe. It's great that somebody is looking into this and goes through the trouble of aggregating the data, but the presentation is lacking severely (unless I'm completely blind and am missing the real thing). Target the data. ML, AI won't do anything without data. Stop the surveillance, stop the threat. But oh, I guess we need the surveillance to stop fake news, terrorists or nationalists, protect against election meddling, optimize ad penetration, and spy on foreign companies and governments... Was it provided to WL, or do you want them to copy and paste it? I don't have any idea about voting rights, but the current status wouldn't matter, right? Or is there a thing that you retroactively always had voting rights once you become a citizen? The big point of AlphaStar wasn't the "learning" part (that is: strategies, build order), it was the micro part (control of individual units). Even with the same APM (action per minute) as a human, it has a huge advantage. It can control units in different areas in the same time, and do so perfectly. It doesn't have tiny imperfections. That adds up quickly in star craft 2, and gives it a great advantage. Does that translate into real world applications? Computers are already much better at reaction time and, once they calculated everything and a decision has been reached, executing it perfectly. That'll probably help in piloting as well - thinking of it as a human that steps on the brake a little bit earlier, doesn't oversteer etc. Tiny advantages can make the difference between a crash and a close call. It's not the great breakthrough though. It reads like "people are voting different than I would have. Clearly they are manipulated by evil powers", and suggests giving up privacy and trusting governments & corporations. No thanks. Sure, it does some stuff that's fine, but that's not what makes it win (yet). It's basically playing in Archon mode (but alone) where it can see and act all over the map at the same time - humans can't do that. I'm sure it will at some point become better at strategies, too, but so far it's hard to compare because the API it has is much more powerful. When they did change that aspect of the match, the 10:0 turned into 10:1. Would Mana have won the next 10 games? Nobody knows, but at least it would've been a lot closer. SC2 rewards micro a lot, and a computer will always be better at micro than a human (unless you make it harder for the machine). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PLplRDSgpo This is a couple of years old, and at that level, it would certainly beat any pro, even without a superior strategy because micro is a leverage for unit strength. > It turns out that maybe the open societies weren't as open as they thought. Or that an "open world" isn't as stable as predicted. Would we even have the same "open" societies without China's repressive society and their willingness to finance western consumption? Yeah. The SU was much smaller than the US-led side (~300m vs ~700m), it's very different with China, so that will be interesting. It focuses on the middle east, where the US (& allies) / NATO have been the driving forces behind most of the recent "conflicts" that led to forced migrations (Iraq, Libya, Syria), and then says "climate change had a significant impact"? Do generals at the Pentagon get too war-happy when it's too warm on average in any given year? Or is it that plunging Libya and Syria into civil war and leaving Iraq close to it wouldn't have mattered as much if it wasn't for that sea level rise? > That's the introduction paragraph. "Blaming the US" for all turmoil in the Middle East is far too simplistic. Sure, you're right (at least in a general sense; Libya, Iraq are 100% on the US/NATO). But saying climate change plays a significant role in a conflict that has been started by external forces is a joke. We might've seen wars in the middle east without US/NATO starting them, and climate change would probably have played a role in those (as would population size), but we won't, because they did start them. It's a nice meme, though. "It wasn't us by arming, training and directing forces to topple a Regime we didn't like - it was climate change!" Can confirm. A large domestic Store operator we've talked to about using our SaaS had one make-or-break criteria: none of their data may pass through anything hosted on AWS. Are you sure? The NSA runs a global surveillance program, monitoring/copying most of the internet traffic, and industrial espionage (against all non-US states & companies, allies or not) is a stated goal of this program. I don't know how well-funded the chinese IP theft program is, but I doubt it's much larger. Preliminary tests going to start in Raccoon City in Q4/2019? > Immigration has lots of economic benefits, and few economic costs. Immigrants pay for native-born Americans’ retirement, start companies, and make the U.S. a desirable destination for investment, while not taking away jobs or depressing wages of the native-born. That's weird. Economists regularly find that more supply decreases prices, and that this holds true for the labor market as well. But of course, it's an opinion piece with no claim to be based on facts, knowledge of said facts, or anything other than "I feel like this is true". For more science-based thoughts on the economy and immigration, maybe turn to politico instead of bloomberg: https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/trump-clinto... If you're talking about buying stuff at the grocery store: sure, but it's not a 1:1 offset. You don't need to hire an extra employee to serve an extra customer. Over all, more labor supply = lower wages. That's really not a wild theory, and I personally haven't heard anybody claim that it's not true, but would love to hear your take on it. What typically is a response to realizing that is to try and regulate the labor market more so supply and demand don't set the price, i.e. minimum wage, fixed wages, or some other way of making the labor market work less like a market. Why wouldn't they be? This only says that, when approached by law enforcement with a valid warrant, they need to be able to log the IP that accessed a certain account. If that IP is a TOR exit node, so be it. Not OP but removing the hash will not really help, even if you've used the same password on multiple sites, because the attacker would need to know which hash was used to sign up for other services. Compromised myname+leaked@example.org:mypassword won't help getting into my account at somewebsite that is registered to myname+secure@example.org:mypassword. And, I suppose, it forces you to use a password manager, because there's no way you're remembering the email, even if you're using the same password ;) I fail to see how the gender or ethnicity of the company owners is relevant here. Would Munchery's behavior be okay if it was about a bakery owned by three white men? Is there an explanation for that? It sounds counter intuitive that the heat wouldn't transfer and stay at the ground of all places. Or, to put it another way, has that always been the case, or is that a new thing, that the heat stays down here? I have literally no knowledge about any of that, so don't take my question as anything but me not knowing and wondering, please. So anonymous hear-say is all there is? And is the company even small? "Some of our bigger customers purchase up to $15,000/week with us" sounds like they make > $100k revenue/week regularly, baking thousands and thousands of cakes every week. I don't know SF standards of small, but that sounds like a solid operation to me - one that definitely has the resources to go after a corporate client that doesn't pay. I still find it weird to focus on gender/sex and ethnicity, and I have my doubts that Munchery invested a lot of time & money into finding out who is behind the companies they don't pay and what the owners' gender is. Tbh, I don't see most articles staying on topic. They'd be much shorter if they did not add the human angle, some backstory, and that time somebody did something that hilariously failed but led to whatever somebody is writing about today. And how do you even decide what's on topic and what's not? Is pointing out some flaw of some pattern on topic for an article that says "this pattern has this great advantage", or is only that advantage and its greatness on topic? I'm pretty sure the perceived width of any topic varies between readers, so others might not consider that same things off topic that you do. Are women endangered of going extinct? I'm sorry, I hadn't realized that before. You are right about there being a main idea. And then there's all the off topic-stuff that surrounds that main idea and makes the article long enough to be considered an article ;) The value of comments are very subjective. To you, they might not be valuable, to me they might be (depending on my mood, maybe). When talking about things, especially with people you don't know and without all the non-verbal side-info, you'll often have to agree on what you actually mean with some term you're using, and off you go from an article about any topic to a discussion of not-really-related things. I don't have the impression that people just jump to very off topic things, but then again, you might be reading totally different submissions on HN based on your interests vs what I click on. Maybe if you gave some examples of low-value off-topic-discussions, it'd be clearer. So you're suggesting amending the law that they get preferential treatment in liquidation cases, and their companies are always paid first regardless of company size, resources etc? Because that's what I understand the article to complain about. It's not a "three women baking pies and trying to make ends meet"-company, it's a "we produce thousands of cakes a week"-company. They are not going to go out of business, but they will probably have learned to be more active about unpaid invoices. Not everything is about suppressing women or minorities, and crying wolf all the time will lead to people ignoring the cases when it actually is. I don't know where I hurt your feelings, but I'm sorry. Catholics worldwide are confused by that headline. It sounds like you're weighing depth vs width in comment sections. By depth I mean "more detail on this single thing", by width I mean "more over an overview of things like this single thing". Maybe you can tag users accordingly, and ignore comments based on the "this user tends to go wide, not deep"-score. Would be something to show (and get annoyed with endless possible alternatives mentioned in the comments ;). No clue about the product, but comments for the website: 1.6MB of JS loaded, 5MB total on first visit (300kb css!). You need to get that number down. Maybe cut backend stuff out of the bundle? Test your site on ultra-wide monitors and other weird setups. /manifest.json is soft 404. Paywalled :/ Is this news? Google has been pulling websites from searches for lots of markets, including Western countries Like Germany, France. I personally don't believe in "it's up to you", "just exercise self-control". I have phases where I'm fat and after years of being fat, something clicks and I will lose weight extremely fast (intermittent fasting mainly, diet + sports later), and I tend to fall out of those phases & habits at some point. Then I get fat again, and at some point, it clicks again and I start losing again. It's loosely coupled to mental health for me, but that might be different for everybody. What helps me: identify circumstances and substances that make me eat too much (no alcohol, no thc), avoiding overly stressful days on the job (no, I won't finish this tonight and sustain myself on snickers bars), and medication. I know a few people who slowly sank into depression and never realized that the way they are feeling isn't "the normal state". Medication (legal or otherwise) can help in those instances - it does for me. It might for you, too. Speak to your doctor about it, and don't be afraid of drugs. Side-effects are shit, but it sure beats sitting in the corner for three years contemplating suicide until you one day magically wake up and get better. Another thing: alcohol, sugar & other drugs are often used to self-medicate. God, I sound like a big pharma shill, but I really mean it. > First, this is about the UK, which is a more "class-based" society than the US. That's mostly a thing we've come to believe, it doesn't necessarily hold true today. consider https://www.economist.com/graphic-detail/2018/02/14/american... Regarding "I am functioning", I know exactly what you mean. So am I in general, regardless of what's actually going on. But maybe that's just that you're great at keeping up appearances, not that your circumstances aren't that bad. Maybe it's time to get some professional help. With psychopharmaca, I think it's about finding the right doctor. I'm not a fan of everybody getting some pills, but a lot of doctors seem to be so hesitant and want to try lots of others things first. Sure, antidepressants aren't the perfect solution, but at least they give you time to figure something else out while the patient doesn't suffer through months and months of "maybe if you just ate more red meat". I suppose what you, OP and me are doing is mostly treating symptoms: losing the weight. Maybe the weight isn't the issue, it's merely an indicator. Misleading headline. Google is censoring their results IN RUSSIA according to whatever local law is in action there. They do the same in European countries and, be strong now, in the US. Reddit already does some of the most aggressive tracking for surveillance, censors content they don't like, uses shadow bans, is run in an authoritarian way and has a score system that shows how good of a user you are - and reddit users are afraid of China because ...? Reddit admins will indeed not sentence you to 20 years in a labor camp for disagreeing with them politically. But that's because they can't, not because they wouldn't. Reddit would fit perfectly well into the Chinese internet. Just tweak the "permissible opinions" a bit and off you go, the rest can remain unchanged. But I'm not even calling anything equal. I'm merely pointing out that reddit is an authoritarian regime's wet dream already, and the users seem to be quite happy with it. Hey, they could even get Chairman Pao back. > The configuration of those permissible bits is exactly the difference between two cultures, no? Sure. And that can be changed in an instant. Just put "Tiananmen Square", "Tibet" etc on your black list and the site can operate the exact same way it does today. Most users won't even notice ("it's a site to share cat pictures, why would I talk about politics"), others will not care ("oh well, those guys probably deserved it") and the rest will move to voat (or start something new, I don't know how well Chinese critics and racists mix). My point is that reddit is set up to be run as an authoritarian system, by people who obviously believe in authoritarianism. Users who like reddit but are afraid of a company from an authoritarian state investing sounds silly to me. Similarly silly: when Google fans get scared about video cameras because it feels like surveillance. My gut feeling is that it's a reaction to propaganda (for lack of a better word; I'm not suggesting that there's a concerted effort). China has been associated with a surveillance state, and mentioning China or large chinese companies will send people into a frenzy because they don't want a police state. That their favorite website runs on the same ideology, that they are constantly under surveillance by corporations and their own government: ignored. As for "laws can be changed": that's why I'm a fan of only implementing things that you feel comfortable giving control over to your worst political enemy. > Are there any reasonable people here on HN who are willing to actually trade their lives to live as a Uighur in China or a Saudi female? Or any sort of Venezuelan? Or a poor US citizen? But there are plenty of jobs in tech that don't expect you to be super productive and work very long hours - it's just not the elite $250k++ plus stock options jobs where you're working on the exciting stuff. I know plenty of people in tech that do 35-40 hours / week. They can't retire on their savings after three years though. Not just internationally: a much larger userbase in general. And, I believe more importantly: reddit is essentially a forum. Few people are super invested into forums. They get older, their interests change, they have less time to argue about politics, they move on from forums. Whatsapp is a messenger, people rarely move on from those - it's usually the messengers that abandon their users, not the other way round (aim, icq, skype...), and they do profit from a network effect, reddit doesn't. Facebook messenger wasn't actually a messenger in the IM sense, it was a bad site chat, and too locked in. Hence buying Whatsapp = good idea (plus much more data to mine, obviously). You're right though: things can change. But they usually don't do too quickly once the dust has settled and the giants have emerged. Yeah, yeah, there could be a Google killer tomorrow, but there probably won't. That's very different when markets are still developing and nobody has any clue what's going to happen in 6 months time, but monopolists don't just disappear over night because a new kid rode into town. That's what's different between snapchat, myspace and facebook. Reddit has nothing even close to that kind of pull. To get to the advertising dollars, it will have to crack down on users and become sfw, and that will turn lots of people away. When there's money to be made, they will also have to deal with copy right, and that will shut down a good part of the meme subreddits, I'm afraid. I'm sure it'll still have a place in a few years, controlling a major discussion platforms is worth money after all, but I don't see it going to the big league by staying what they are now. What's unhinged about that? Threat of retaliation has been a defensive doctrine since forever. I'm sure they'd love to add Washington, NYC etc to the list, but Iran doesn't have the capabilities, so they just target Israel instead, knowing that Tel Aviv and Haifa aren't far behind DC/NYC in concerns for the US govt. People tend to not invest in their health until it's failing - and even then, compliance rates are terrible. I doubt many people will spend time tracking their health data, but it might still be nice for the few that will. Sounds like gamejournopros from the other side. I wonder how different players will react. You'd have to test every backup though, because initially, your DB might not contain any strings that trigger the problem. Are those all capable to run the latest version / receive updates? Otherwise, they're paying even more per device. I suppose that depends on how you finance it. For Apple, it could be a feature of their ecosystem; for Google, the search engine is just there to lure you in so they can show you ads. That would be a totally different story: does Google actually have incentive to provide you with the best organic results next to which the ads would look out of place and bad? I don't think it would be a good business decision for Apple though, and there's no guarantee that they could even get there with throwing billions of dollars at it. > how is twitter responsible for user's comments I don't claim that they necessarily are, but you could argue that the design of their platform leads to users behaving in the way they do behave, i.e. if you only give them the option to "like" something or reply to it, dislikes will be expressed in replies. Cloud-based = GDPR trouble. > So under their model, if you tip well, you're subsidizing people who don't tip at all. Under their model, if you tip well, they can pay less, you're subsidizing the owners, not other customers. You might want to put some content width limits on it so people don't end up with extreme line widths on UW screens. Rule of thumb is to aim for 60-80 characters per line for optimal readability - without zooming, I get about 480 characters per line in your layout. like https://english.edward.io/ ? I don't really think a lot of people think of socialism as a "solution", but rather as a alternative to try again vs hyper capitalism that evolves into "gig economy" aka "freelancers shoulder all the entrepreneurial risk, get paid below minimum wage, have to provide the capital to buy cars + gas themselves, are then stiffed on tips, get no health insurance and will be thrown out if they ever so much as look at the CEO wrong". People appear not to like the US/Silicon Valley style (including "too big to fail" socialized losses for corrupt companies), and since they don't get offered a "capitalism with rules" as an alternative, they're willing to consider other things. In the end: communism might suck, but being one hospital visit away from bankruptcy, being spied on 24/7 by a corporate-state-hybrid, and working for $10 an hour while a small apartment costs $3k sucks too. And who knows, maybe "this time" it'll work. You know, now that we have block chain or whatever some lunatic thinks will change human biology. Offer them a chance and they won't grasp at socialist straws. But offering them a chance would cut into profits, so that's not an option, obviously. > It's a high risk, high reward No, it's really not. There's no high reward when you've worked delivering food work a month. It's lost time. > It is also a mistake to look at profit making as a sin Which nobody does. They view the hardcore exploitation as a sin. The "entrap them in debt". The "buy the lawmakers and write the rules". The price fixing, data hoarding & selling, the "let's just do illegal stuff and pay a ridiculously small fine"-shit. It's really not about "nobody is allowed to make a profit". Sorry, I'll never understand the hardcore libertarians - it's indistinguishable from sociopathy to me. Amazon typically only runs "logistics" in each country and that turns out to barely make any money. The actual sales are made by their Luxembourg subsidiary ("Amazon Europe Core S.à r.l. (Société à responsabilité limitée, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxemburgo)"), so they don't pay taxes in Spain, Italy, Germany etc. LU is an obvious choice if you want to pay as little taxes as possible, so I doubt they pay a lot there. Still a good deal for LU - they get some taxes at the expense of their larger neighbors. A parasitic business model, but a successful one nonetheless. Framing: the US was a platform for people kicked out of Europe. I think it worked out so far ;) Somebody is apparently confusing "(very) active users" with "registered users". Bad sign for any company if their engineers snoop around in customer info and then talk about their findings to third parties. As for gab: I made an account once, never used it. Just logged in, it has 40 followers, most of which also seem like they've never used it. users != active users. And then the next producer will make it, enjoy the financial super hit and get super rich by doing it. That's how markets work, supposedly. If one company doesn't want to do something that is in demand, others will. > Yet every example we know of where trade has had the fewest obstacles (Britain during Victorian reign, Hong Kong under UK rule, Japan during the Meiji, Singapore post independence, Taiwan since split with China), we see a rapid improvement of the quality of life in just a couple of generations. If there was a causal connection, you'd expect the US to have a much better quality of life than, say, Sweden. I leave it to you to judge that. And don't mistake me for somebody who's arguing for socialism. I'm just not a fan of "let them starve, as long as I got mine" libertarianism, and apparently a lot of people aren't either. I'd wager that most libertarians wouldn't be either, if they weren't among those that do well in the current system, but that's beside the point. > There are countless examples from as far back as the 1800s of wealthy people putting their money towards public good, and doing a far better job of it than modern governments do now. Totally. And it seems to me that there are fewer and fewer today doing it in a similar fashion. I'm not a fan of government, but I'm certain that without it, Uber would use whips to motivate its delivery staff, and those on the receiving end of that motivation would have no way to quit working for Uber. Interesting idea. I figured it was due to the user base of 2019 being very different than that of 2010, and Google adapting to the fact that most of their users aren't technology literate and cannot formulate clear search queries, so they just try to guess what might be of interest to them. Idk, from what I've seen, page rank is still the super major factor that's responsible for 90%+ percent. I work for a few large affiliate projects. Renting subdirs on high-link-count-sites = instant top 3 for anything, even the most competitive keys, even when it's totally unrelated to the site's other content. The whole "we have more than 200 factors" seems like mostly hot air to me personally. Correct me if I'm wrong, but they also left out the question of financing. Since UBI needs to be financed, and would require a higher budget, taxes would need to be raised. If taking on a job would then hit you with 30% instead of 10% taxes, that would disincentivize it. These tests feel a bit like testing "free energy harvesting machines" and ignoring the power chord that runs from the machine being tested to a wall socket. That's the external source of money: the rest of the country. I'm sure we can get a perfect example of UBI in, say, Switzerland, if we make France foot the bill. People in Switzerland will be happy: taxes stay the same, but everybody has $2000 more available per month. Alas: will the French be happy? "Trickle Down" Neoliberals vs populists tribunes. With Germany backing France, I have little doubt over who will come out atop, but it might serve as another fault line in Europe. > I don't think you've been to Sweden to make that claim, and perhaps you've been listening to socialist propaganda suggesting that Sweden is socialist. I have, multiple times actually, and live quite close. They are a high tax, strong central state country with a strong safety net, and more regulations than the US. The same goes for Denmark, btw. You'd expect them dropping far below the US as well with all the ways the government injects itself into the market. Yet, they don't. Granted, they might have fewer TV channels, a lower incarceration and not have a significant part on antidepressants and opiods, so it's open to debate who actually has a higher quality of life ;) > You would be correct, libertarians do not hold this view. I suppose that's similar to half of the feminists saying they are actually egalitarians. Virtually all libertarians I've encountered very much do hold that view. "But we might be charitable". Sure. Might. Everything might happen. > What do some bureaucrats in Washington know of the troubles of people on the street of downtown SF? What do the super rich in SF do when faced with mass homelessness and people living in open slums otherwise seen in the third world? "Look somewhere else" appears to be the answer. Granted, there are probably a few who don't, but by and large, they don't care. Be aware: likely illegal in many countries, and can get you into serious trouble. Ah, that's interesting and does explain a bit, thank you. Might the perceived quality decrease be based on a misclassification of the user entering the search, and therefore a problematic refinement? I'm thinking similar to Amazon's recommendation engine that for some reason (I'd wager my terribe fashion sense) has decided I'm likely a women and now gets most recommendations completely wrong. I don't know how big the anti-vax problem actually is in the US, but it feels a bit like "hey, here's a group we can all agree has stupid ideas, let's all shit on them and come together". Using Google & FB to actively manipulate (parts of) the population and censor content seems like a door we don't want to open. Next up: smokers. People who think taxation is theft. Whoever my political opponent is. Why though? We don't know what the Chinese will do, but we're somewhat informed what the US will. Sure: the Chinese might be much worse. But they might also not be. So far, I haven't heard of intensive drone usage by the Chinese to bomb weddings half way around the world.