Broken Age Dreamfall Chapters (Grab The Longest Journey and [first] Dreamfall on GOG.com) Almost all of Telltale Games' catalog MU* (MUD, MUCK, MUSH, MOO, ...) are text-based worlds that predate the modern MMORPG and many are still running and still interesting to explore. Windows Pro-Tip: KeePass supports Windows' "Secure Desktop" (the same place where Windows UAC prompts launch into) for the reprompt. This really should be the default now, but it's simple to enable and incredibly worth enabling given that malware has been discovered in the wild trying to keylog/grab master passwords for programs like LastPass, 1Password and KeePass. Cross-Platform Pro-Tip: KeePass 2.x runs great as is on the Mono VM with only the obvious Windows-only functionality unavailable. The short answer is pretty much: when you want to. There the obvious places where you have to use objects in boundary spaces between libraries/languages. For example in F# (another OCaml relative) you will use objects to interoperate with the larger .NET world. Beyond that, objects are a tool in your tool belt. There are cases where a particular problem makes the most sense in you own head in an object-oriented abstraction, and the idea of a multi-paradigm language is that that is okay and you shouldn't feel like you have to spend the mental effort to refactor it to some other pattern. This extends out to team development, too. An object-based approach might be easier to document and/or understand by the rest of your team. A team working on the back-end primarily in an OO language like C# might have the easiest time understanding a JS front-end the best if the JS followed more of an object-oriented approach than a functional approach. (JS is definitely multi-paradigm.) The Python philosophy is "Code is more often read than written" and that tends to be a useful gut check for choosing paradigms/abstractions/tools. Will I (and/or my team) be able to read this tomorrow? Ten years from now? Me too. Persona is great and has a very nice login flow, and is the best as a user in terms of what is/is not shared with an IdP... Just need to get more websites to use it. (I've written about setting it up in an ASP.NET website and it is really easy to do and work with.) Did you try adjusting your transition time? You can switch from Fast to Slow which will gradually adjust over 60 minutes. See if that works better for you. There's plenty of discussion on this very topic in GitHub issues and PRs. The current "typeof" is inherited from JS and TS compiler doesn't actually do much to change that code. It would be great to see a nice pattern matching syntax, but people will have to figure out what the JS that pattern matching code would look like. EcmaScript 4 had a type system. Although ES4 never quite made it to browsers, there certainly was enough interest to standardize a type system in ES4. Microsoft is a part of "they" at ECMA determining the ES standard and it is certainly within the realm of possibility that if TypeScript proves people want it, a TypeScript-like type system could indeed become standard in some future EcmaScript edition. In some ways, TypeScript is Microsoft's playground for things that they would like to see eventually become standard. Supposedly one of the reasons ATScript isn't just a small fork of TypeScript and instead is an oddly reimplemented TypeScript built on top of Traceur is so that ATScript can still compile to Dart, so apparently at least a few people on Angular 2.0 still like Dart... Masterfully applied analogy. Thank you. First of all we have scientific studies of an actual experiment: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome Second, the great thing about mincome is that it makes the Labor "market" an actual market with actual liquidity. Sure, you will get people that finally have a choice to never work again. Finally companies would have to compete against each other and that option to not work to make people want to work. Businesses already pride themselves on their efficiency and productivity metrics about how much work they can squeeze out of as few people: this puts their money where there mouth is. Thirdly, a basic income means that jobs and activities without a steady paycheck become much easier to try and live as a lifestyle. Think of the music, art, writing, acting, and other fine arts we might see if musicians/artists/writers/actors didn't need a 9-to-5 to pay rent and eat. Even things like "stay-at-home parent" start to become easier and better for everyone involved. We're in an economy now where most households both parents need to work a full time job to raise a kid. Who is raising the kids? Finally, what's wrong with drinking and copulating? If people want to spend their time doing such things which don't impact you at all who are you to condemn them for that? DVD Playback was removed in Windows 8 because Microsoft said that almost exactly $15 in the cost of Windows 7 was the DVD patent/license fees. It became available as an upcharge to the "with Windows Media Center" editions of Windows. Solitaire was also removed in Windows 8 and the new game apps were created then. I too don't like that Arkadium (developers given the license from Microsoft) have been allowed to make them increasingly naggy Adware/Freemium, but sadly that is a lot more to do with the current state of the videogame industry than the current state of Windows. Solitaire was removed because they wanted universal apps and someone else (Arkadium) to foot the bill for development. Given that Solitaire was a hobby project thrown in for free, it's kind of amazing it was distributed in as many versions of Windows as it was (and that it survived for so long with very little needed in maintenance/bug fixes). Enterprises kept asking for it not to be included in Windows, and now it is not and an enterprise has easy ways to stop people from installing it now... Consumers "win" in that it's now a product from an actual game company with actual monetization goals in a culture that has allowed ad-ware and freemium to become atrociously obnoxious... (Just look at Windows 10 "kindly" even including a free install to consumers of modern evil Solitaire "Candy Crush Saga". Unsurprisingly, from that benchmark, Arkadium's Solitaire is actually less nagging and cheaper.) In my opinion, as such things typically go, it depends on the scope of your tuple usage: I think tuples are perfectly readable/maintainable when used within the context of a single class. It's that middle point between usage within a single method (anonymous types) and usage in the external API (model classes). I try not to leak Tuples between classes: it's easy enough in the API for your class to "unsplat" your tuple usage in any method calls other classes might need. Also, Tuples are likely to become even easier to read/maintain in C#7 or so, as F#-like syntax for Tuples is a strongly favored proposal: https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/347 Regarding immutability, C# 6 makes it a lot easier to write immutable types even for quick prototyping with get only properties: public string Example { get; } You can set it in the constructor and only the constructor. On the other hand in C# it's still relatively hard/annoying to build Structural Equality into your classes (which anonymous types and tuples both handle for you) where the equality of two objects is based on the contents of their properties rather than the equivalence of their references. (Ease of Structural Equality is the number one reason for my typical reliance on Tuple as I tend to use tuples often as Dictionary /ILookup keys.) C# has also supported type aliases for a while: using MyTuple = Tuple ; But that's of limited utility (you have to include it in every code file, for instance) and I don't recall the exact circumstances but I recall it being brittle the last time I used it heavily (it was something like the compiler would fail to compile things that should be fine due to it forgetting a type alias half-way through a file), but that was also several compiler versions ago. Honestly, as something of a minimalist, I've been happiest with Github's issue tracker lately. GitLab's looks similar in screenshots, but I've not used GitLab. (Github also has an Enterprise version if you need on-premises install these days.) It has just enough features to get the work done but also not feature/configuration overload so that it's also not eating a lot of "management time from you". Github in particular you can tell that Github themselves dogfood their issues and PRs and want them to be great products for themselves. There are actually more than one "Kanban overlays" for Github issues I've seen. The first example to my mind is https://waffle.io/ I would presume if GitLab has similar APIs for their issues there may be a Kanban overlay for it as well. If you are already using GitLab then maybe you should just use GitLab's issue tracker? I think the convenience of using your source control host as your issue tracker is a big, useful deal. (#synergy) Issue tracking is one of those areas in computing where there's a compulsion to over-organize things and store a lot of peripheral information that may or may not be germane to the actual problem of issue tracking. It's fascinating how much applying the YAGNI [You Aren't Going to Need It] principle to Issue Tracking reveals. A lot of fields are either to duplicate stuff that should already be searchable (in the main body, for instance) in a good issue tracker [1]. A bunch of other fields are business process related and it's not surprising how many of those business processes themselves could use a good YAGNI refactor, and the few that remain after tree-shaking are often easy enough to store in a label, a "tag" in the title of an issue, or a status on a kanban board. [1] I honestly think that a lot of blame goes back to the very slow search of early issues trackers (including and especially, but not alone, Bugzilla) and needing to lump things into specialized fields to get any sort of search improvements. One of the things that I felt Windows Phone 7 and 8/8.1 in their design language did well was encouraging designs that were better than the hamburger (pivots and sprawling "hubs" that encourage you to explore in two dimensions; app-bars with ellipses). It's interesting to see Hamburger menus bleeding back into the design language with Windows 10. It seems a strange, sad concession to meeting Android/iOS designs and even Desktop designs (with their million year old menu bars) "half-way". That said, one of the interesting twists that Windows 10 designs thus far tend to put on the Hamburger menu is that secretly in many cases the Hamburger icon is just a replacement for the Windows Phone 8's App Bar ellipsis: The items on the bar show just icons at tablet size or lower and the Hamburger simply reveals app labels and maybe (rarely) lesser used text-only options. (At larger than table sizes sometimes the bar defaults expanded rather than condensed.) This roughly corresponds with the Facebook suggestions in the article here. The interesting differences to a WP8 app bar are that the W10 hamburger "app bars" have mostly gone vertical and the hamburger is a toggle rather than the WP8 app bar ellipsis was a "slide". It will be interesting to see how this design language continues to accrete/evolve as Windows 10 Mobile gets closer to launch. I like the idea of maybe switching Persona from callbacks to promises, but other than that I'm not sure this proposal is that much more practical than Persona... The obvious issue I see is that there's no easy way to polyfill this with existing browser APIs, to my knowledge: Edge doesn't expose the signed in Microsoft Account to my knowledge, for one example and IE typically doesn't have a "globally acknowledged" Microsoft Account... You could bootstrap off the OAuth/OpenID Connect endpoints of the providers, but you end up with the same Persona issues of bootstrapping from email providers. At least it should be fewer providers (one per sniffed browser, presumably) but it's also potentially a larger headache because there are plenty of browsers without accounts, too. What about Opera? Lynx? What about Some New Awesome Browser? Do you use a fallback provider like Persona's login.persona.org? Doesn't that just reintroduce some of the same "workflow pain" we're trying to correct? Also, Persona works well without being an explicitly W3C-endorsed standard (and would work better if it was, but not required for bootstrapping), where this proposal really would be best if you got it to be a W3C standard ASAP, because you are even more relying on it required as browser chrome (whereas, again, Persona is designed well as a polyfill). I also don't think you can get away from the statefulness of Persona's navigator.id entirely, because you still presumably want the abilities to allow a user to: resume an existing session, log out, and/or switch accounts/identities. At the moment, I'm still thinking the best solution is still more and better advocacy for Persona (and more email provider bridges, maybe), but I'm going to sleep on this. Also, you can't entirely ignore (as an RP [relying party]) which account system your user came from, because a user quite possibly wants to use the same user account from multiple browsers and they'd all might use different account systems so you potentially wind up with the same "link an account" problem of the various OAuth/OpenID Connect worlds without the nicety of a global identifier that you can easily transport between browsers such as Persona's use of any identifying email address. Maybe your web browser on desktop is Chrome and on mobile is Safari? I'm right there with you. My hopes are that enough developers and designers are paying attention to why and what the hamburger menus are doing in Outlook and Xbox and some of the other Microsoft-built Windows 10 applications rather than just duplicating whatever they've been doing on iOS/Android. I've got a feeling that maybe Microsoft themselves hope that their smarter use of hamburgers might be contagious in the other direction (just as so much of Material UI copied some of the flatter styles of WP7/8) and iOS/Android developers might start using the Windows app bar-style of hamburgers. I'm worried, of course, that designers/developers won't be paying attention and will assume the consistency in iconography applies a consistency in functionality. That said, I also see Microsoft's point that the global consistency in iconography may be more important than consistent functionality in a world where users are using applications on multiple platforms (ie, so many people are using some admixture of Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android these days). Actually :s/promises/observables, given the state changes over time. An interesting summary. One of the things I think is missing is the bridge that ES6 modules provide: within an ES6 module you can obviously presume access to the ES6 syntax. System.js provides a polyfill for ES6' System loader (and a configurator/value add on top of a browser ES6 System implementation) allowing you to bootstrap into your ES6 modules. It feature detects and uses Babel/Traceur/TypeScript (your choice) to load ES6 modules, if needed. (It also loads CommonJS and AMD and traditional "global" modules because there is a diverse ecosystem of module formats out there.) JSPM is a further value add on top of System.JS that is a package manager that automates configuring System.JS for a complex ecosystem of versioned package repositories (JSPM registry, NPM registry, and even GitHub repository tags), and grabs local development copies for everything (and supports an HTTP/2 CDN in beta-ish) and helps automate using the System.JS bundler if you want to bundle everything into a single minified file. This is a pretty good stack for working with ES6 today, and as browsers start to support ES6 natively it will transition right along. (System.JS will still be useful itself for its plugin/configuration work, including support AMD/CommonJS/global modules in ES6.) I've been heavily leaning towards Cycle.JS lately ( http://cycle.js.org ) for personal projects. I haven't pushed anything to a Production environment yet, but I really love Cycle a lot more than React. (Cycle is vaguely like React, and explores some similar goals, but Cycle is based on RX and encourages a stronger, immutable functional composition than React.) For production applications at the moment I'm still mostly using Knockout as it is reliable and runs almost everywhere. Related to (1) is the breadth of interesting things that Elon Musk has invested in. Often SpaceX news will mention Tesla and vice versa. It probably also has to do with the uniqueness of Tesla's product portfolio within the Car industry and the multiplier effect that can have in what is already a huge PR-driven industry. Car magazines seem to be just about the only "product fetish" magazine category left and they still need fresh content every month. Other magazines and newspapers (what's left of them) still tend have a (syndicated) "car guy" columnist or at least column space. status.modern.ie lists it as "Under Consideration" still for all browsers: http://dev.modern.ie/platform/status/moduleses6/?filter=f3e0... SystemJS is a polyfill (and extender post-polyfill) that is great with support for plugins, transpiling ES6, and format detection for CommonJS, AMD, and even "Global" modules: https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs Also recommended, is JSPM ( http://jspm.io ) which is a package manager that utilizes the features of SystemJS and configures SystemJS to load NPM packages (akin to Browserify/Webpack) and Github repositories (somewhat similar to Bower). I was a fan of its predecessor Durandal for providing a good set of conventions for a SPA built with Knockout. Once Knockout added components, however, I started switching back to raw Knockout and maybe a router library. Aurelia to me is interesting. I appreciate that it's still modular and well architected like Durandal. In that regard I trust Aurelia more than I would trust, say, Angular (1.0 or 2.0). I like that Aurelia is encouraging people towards JSPM (and SystemJS), which I've been recommending as well. That said, I don't think I would actually use Aurelia in a project. For applications that need a deep legacy support it's clearly still the best option to use Knockout and Knockout Components (and maybe Durandal, but maybe not). For applications targeting the "evergreen" browsers I've been leaning towards CycleJS, not just because the "Reactive" frameworks are the new hotness, but because even in my use of data-binding frameworks like Knockout I've been slowly leaning more towards the "Reactive ideal" anyway and now that CycleJS is 1.0 and stable that looks like a good place to start these days. Since Windows 8, Windows has used "virtual images" of the Operating System and has had the ability to rather than apply a bunch incremental updates instead just "build jump" to the higher build. You see this somewhat often in Windows Phone (given the way OEMs test and hold back phone updates, nearly every update seemed to be a "build jump") and up until recently not quite often in Windows. (8.1 and 8.1 Update 1, the "service packs" appeared to be "build jumps", but to my knowledge that's about it as far as 8 has used it in its servicing lifetime thus far.) With Windows 10 insiders have already seen a lot of "build jumps", particularly in the last few weeks leading up to the Windows 10 launch. I've got a feeling (and this is entirely supposition on my part) that one of the things we Insiders saw a Preview of and may not have realized it is that Windows 10 itself as a part of the "last version" thing will start to do a lot more "build jump" rollups of updates, even more often than the "service packs" of 8. This article is partly on this very subject: http://venturebeat.com/2015/08/13/how-microsoft-built-and-is... HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10058346 I've been accused of not writing enough comments in the code itself and then writing "novels" in the commit messages and "Literate Revision Control" is probably the best name for that sort of style. It's very easy for comments in the source to grow stale, but the commit messages mostly (our source control tools still aren't perfect with regards to moves/refactors) tell the story over time and mostly show only relevant commit information, with "stale" commit information falling away into history/legend/myth as its code gets rewritten and retouched. I've been liking how Visual Studio's CodeLens (now available in cheaper SKUs in 2015) brings focus to commit history specific to logical units in the code (methods and classes). Now I'm curious where you might be able to push things if you purpose built a "Literate Revision Control" tool and what sort of strong "epic poem" style of commit messages would best produce useful "novelizations" of a codebase... I studied Lojban ( http://lojban.org ) a bit out of curiosity many years back (in High School in a deep CONLANG phase), which is a fork of Loglan. I'll speak from the point of view of Lojban, as I know it better, but the fork doesn't fall far from the root so it should all mostly apply to Loglan as well. Essentially, Lojban and Esperanto come from different intentions: Esperanto wanted to be a common tongue that speakers of various natural languages could learn relatively easily and use for multicultural communications. Loglan and Lojban were started as experimentation around the "Strong" Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis that language influences mental structure. The goal of these languages was then to see if people used a language with more formal mathematical rigidity/"logic" to it might more easily "think" as better mathematicians. The jury is still out, of course, on whether any of these languages actually do what they set out to do. Essentially, the concept of Lojban/Loglan is kind of a "What if people actually spoke a natural language that was very similar to a programming language?" (Loglan actually predates most programming languages, and Lojban incorporated some things from programming languages over time.) From that respect, the grammar of Lojban is stringently less complex than most natural grammars (and Esperanto). There's an official PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] specification of Lojban these days and Lojban has worked very hard to keep the language grammar Context-Free (in the Chomsky's Hierarchy/Computational Parsing sense). The language's grammar is much more like a programming language than a natural language. As for the consonant clusters, even the morphology of the words follows a fairly strict parsing pattern. For the most part when reading Lojban/Loglan you only need to pronounce three letters at a time. (This is part of the play in the name LOGical LANguage of the three letter syllable pattern in the language itself. Lojban uses the language's own symbols in its case.) Is there a benefit to Loglan or Lojban over Esperanto? Ultimately I think it's a matter of whether or not there is a benefit of Apples over Oranges: it's more a matter of your particular taste and what you want out of a conlang. They are all beautiful languages trying to do interesting things. I find Spolsky almost entirely "miss", but then I had something of a feud with him and that colors my reading of his articles... I think the clear thing that is missing here in this section you've quoted (and the article itself) is that if your components are properly factored, or at least reasonably factored, (whether 3rd party or internal), you can "value add" on top of the component without rewriting its source code (or even necessarily treating it as anything more than a black box). Don't throw the babies out with the bathwater, you know. The point he tries to make with "If it's a core business function -- do it yourself, no matter what," is undercut by his over-generalization in "If you're a software company, writing excellent code is how you're going to succeed.". If you are a software company and you've scoped "write all the software" as your job then you're likely to hit a brick wall when it comes to delivery. Your value as a software company isn't in how well you've rewritten the parts of code (like say a C compiler) that you can buy off the shelf, but in getting your final product out the door. From that perspective it truly doesn't matter how much or how little your product consists of your own code versus third party code so much as the product delivers the functionality you intend it have and adds value in meaningful areas. While the example above of puzzle-piecing a product out of a bunch of well known smaller components isn't glamorous , it gets the job done and hopefully pays the bills. Presumably if done right it gets the job done faster and more productively than your competitors that are reinventing everything themselves... Also, in the industrial world outside of software, optimizing the pieces of the puzzle is entire sets of sub-industries (such as Supply Chain Logistics) and again while that's certainly not exciting work, it can be profitable and the market is paying for those skills. Finally, I think it says a lot that the best example Joel could think to use was an out-of-date example from a version of Excel that no longer exists built by a team that also no longer exists. I don't doubt that there is code continuity from that era, but the days of Excel being a walled garden from the rest of Office, much less the rest of Microsoft, are past... I know there are critics of the push towards a "One Microsoft" culture and elimination of some of Microsoft's worsts NIH tendencies at the cultural level, but this consumer is a fan and watching what Microsoft is doing in Open Source these days is fascinating and wonderful. I absolutely think this example Spolsky cites is dumb. If Excel's 80s C compiler was so great they should have handed it off to the Developer Division to augment or better the C compiler they were selling as a product! In this case that actually was a core competency of the company and inter-team feudalism and NIH was decreasing the overall efficiency of the company and potentially keeping useful, profitable, and marketable enhancements from the profit center that could most benefit. Really just an all around terrible example. This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables. At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set(). This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables? At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set()? (Reposting my questions from: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10075433 ) «I ran a Loglan study group in college, and later studied Lojban, before abandoning conlangs (when I discovered that the strong version of the Sapir Whorf hypothesis is misguided at best -- although conlangs can be interesting for other reasons).» Not to get into too much of a tangent, but the Weak Sapir-Whorf is still an interesting view of things, where if it is easier to speak about something it is easier to work with it. I think Programming Languages bear this out over and over again (Programming Languages are very much a Sapir-Whorf playground). We have the Church-Turing Theorem and know that any Turing Complete language should be able to write just about any program one can reason about, but the fascinating thing is that different languages do seem suited to different domains and we keep trying to optimize programming languages to reason about particular problems, and all of that is fascinating. It's something we do in the miniscule in natural languages too, with jargon and domain-specific vocabulary and context. I think domain-specific conlangs is an under-explored space, and maybe modern Programming Languages have some interesting input to provide... The most important bottom line is: Maximize your employer's match. Whatever the maximum match you can get from your employer is, go for it. That is money that is a part of your salary plan that you don't get at all if you don't contribute your share of. Beyond that, a good 401k Provider is going to give you the option of HOW you invest that money you are "forced" to save. It's a stock account that you ultimately own and control. The only difference between that and say a Scottrade account you set up on your own without your Employer's involvement is the way taxes on your 401k work: Money that goes into the 401k is BEFORE your income taxes are calculated and if you manage to wait to your retirement age to withdraw from that account you NEVER pay income taxes on it. (This is why there are people that try to minimize their income taxes by maximizing their 401k contributions as much as they can afford...) That said, you can withdraw from your 401k at any time if an emergency were to happen and you need access to those funds. It's your money. You just have to be sure to set some aside for Uncle Sam and the IRS when you do. (A good 401k Provider will even help you with that.) I am not a Accountant, and you may want to ask one for specific advice for your lifestyle, but I had the same question when I was trying to figure this stuff out at 25. Hopefully this helps. Slashdot still exists, believe it or not. JungleDisk ( http://jungledisk.com ) meets several your criteria and has Linux/Mac/Windows support, but its just too bad that since Rackspace bought them they've focused almost entirely on Rackspace's cloud storage offerings. It started with AWS support (and which I still use, but which is hard to buy from JungleDisk these days) and there originally were hints when they first added Rackspace support that they might continue to support arbitrary cloud storage backends and yet that never materialized. JD has nice sync engine and a good "shared source" deduped backup "vault" format. I just wish that JD would either Open Source their software or get back around to supporting more cloud backends. I get that Rackspace wants to focus on their own offerings, but I'd love to see the JungleDisk client get more capable, again. In the larger linguistics world you have a distinction between "translation" (conversion between languages) and "transliteration" (conversion between forms of a language; cursive writing versus typing versus speech, for instance). I remember this being a particularly important distinction in learning American Sign Language (ASL) because the vocabulary is roughly English-ish it is very easy to transliterate and try to say in ASL an English sentence "as is" without meaningful changes, but just with dealing with the differences between, say, English and Spanish, to speak ASL properly you need to actually translate to more idiomatic forms and abstractions. This is extremely important to ASL not just from a "speak better ASL" standpoint but also because it comes out of a foundational, cultural imperative: ASL was not seen as "a real language" until it proven to some linguists that it validly needed translation, was not just a transliteration of English but in fact a language with its own idioms and grammar requiring translation. This disagreement is so fundamental to ASL also because there was so much pressure from people to "speak real English" rather than develop their own language. There is a transliteration-focused "alternative" to ASL that includes all of the useless English grammar and stutter words like "the" that ASL handles grammatically different, and ASL had to prove its existence against it and also to prove that it was better and also to prove that ASL speakers could still read/write English to work with the rest of the English-speaking country when their native language was grammatically different enough to require translation... It's an interesting cultural battle to read about. All of which is a long winded example to get back to the idea that the translation/transliteration difference is very similar to the compilation/transpilation difference and while I don't think we've yet seen a cultural battle for supremacy between the terms, I do think there is a usefulness in keeping the distinction. I also see the conversion between idioms/abstractions as being the key difference between compilation and transpilation. Machine language has much different idioms/abstractions from a high-level language; CoffeeScript and TypeScript try to stay very similar in idiom/abstraction to EcmaScript. The irony of course being that Slashdot has "editors" to supposedly get a stronger S/N ratio than a editor-free flood site like HN... DX12 adds support for pipelining across every GPU on a machine, potentially lighting up that "disabled silicon". This may be a value add enough reason for Intel to keep innovating its integrated graphics processing. Apache Cordova is the largest project for developing mobile applications with web technologies (HTML, CSS, JS). It may be worth a look as that should be the fastest place for you to start. I've dabbled but not yet had a project need it. From what I've seen, some places to start: You mentioned C# so you've probably used at least some Visual Studio, Visual Studio 2015 has Apache Cordova templates and emulators in the default installer now. (You can also download them as an optional separate install for VS 2013.) It's interesting that the VS Android emulator (built for Hyper-V) is the fastest and best Android emulator available right now. Also, while Cordova tries to be more browser-like than Node-like it may help to have at least passing familiarity with NodeJS. Most importantly you should know NPM (the node package manager) pretty well, as that's the main package manager for Cordova apps as well. (Also, VS helps here too as 2015 has an NPM GUI now.) If you are already doing that, then you also don't have to worry about WifiSense as the checkbox to enable it for that SSID is right there (and only there) and you can make sure that you don't check it when you type in your password. Skimming this the impression I get is that you could reduce the dependencies and rewrite it on top of a more modern parser approach such as a PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] or parser-combinator and in fact the SNOBOL pattern matching here is very PEG-like and you could get away with just renaming/aliasing some of the basic PEG combinators to do this pattern matching and learning the PEG library of choice's conventions and likely get the bonus of IDE autocomplete/intellisense. That's very good to know. All of the examples I saw in the documentation were using the Promise "then" and I didn't see any mention that they were in fact returning Observables. If I may suggest it, perhaps you might add this a bit more explicitly to the documentation including possibly an example or two that makes use of them as Observables? I think the documentation is there, it's just the publication that's not there (whether things are just under-noticed/published or intentionally buried who knows). For what it's worth, I support the idea of a "fractional penny tax" on trades as a marketable solution to let the "free market" fix HFT. I've mostly seen it advocated by David Brin, but Congress could easily levy a tax on trading that would be some fraction of a penny (say a tenth or a hundredth of a penny). For a human scale trader that tax is a rounding error (essentially in our favor) at best and a loose change issue at worst (pull a couple pennies from your couch cushion). For HFT it's a legitimate concern and something that HFT would have to take into account. It probably wouldn't stop HFT (but that becomes a market decision if the extra "friction" from the tax is worth the "benefits" of the HFT in a cost/benefit analysis), but it might slow it down a bit, and the taxes raised by it could hopefully be put into mitigation efforts against the worst effects of HFT. For what it's worth, Windows 10 enhances the basic command host to support some more things such as nicer tab completion directly out of the box (for both traditional cmd.exe and PowerShell) without having to switch to ISE. You didn't read deep enough. Remoting and Scripting are off by default but available. Remoting is not great, but getting better soon (as in now-ish) with SSH support getting baked into PowerShell. (Yeah, that SSH, OpenSSH.) Scripting IS great, you just have to turn it on. (It's off by default because Microsoft didn't want it to be a virus vector for your Grandfather's machine who doesn't need shell scripting and likes to click on every attachment he sees in his email.) Get-Help about_Execution_Policies # Tells you everything you need to know about So the first thing I typically do in PowerShell in user accounts I control is: Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser After that I can run all the scripts I want to run. (From there it's a quick jump over to Chocolatey for application installs and PsGet for useful PowerShell scripts like PoshGit that adds your friendly Git branch info to the PowerShell prompt.) I also think that the problem has always been key distribution and trust. Explaining such things to the average person is a fun exercise in frustration and sounds to that person like way too much effort. Classic PGP "Web of Trust" really is a lot of work, and while the Certificate Authority system is easier to explain, no one wants to pay an annual subscription to some CA to send secure emails... and then how are you going to distribute those CA signed certificates? I really hope that with the big funding push, maybe Keybase.io helps circle this square and simplifies key distribution and trust enough that more average users will feel it to approachable. I'm not sure that they can, though. I realized in a discussion thread on Literate Programming styles that majority of my comments nowadays have moved into the source control commits. Then you somewhat get the best of inline comments in your source control annotated view of the code, including that the comments truly only stay attached for as long as they stay relevant (walking backwards in time as necessary to see the history of that line). I really like Mozilla Persona ( http://persona.org ) and I think it is a great way to authenticate people. It uses JWTs as part of its technical stack, but it simplifies a lot of the considerations of working with them. Persona is a better federated login system and I think it's a shame more websites aren't using it. I've blogged/presented on the topic: http://blog.worldmaker.net/2015/05/13/mozilla-persona-talk/ I've been mostly happy with the switch from Bower to JSPM. I like SystemJS and the use of ES2015 modules and transpilation support over CommonJS. I once had a silly argument with a hydrogen fanatic (who insisted he built a working hydrogen fuel cell in his garage in the 70s, but we'll get to that) which was back and forth like this: Hydrogen Fan: But the exhaust is only water! Me: All electric cars have no exhaust! Hydrogen Fan: Well they do at the coal plants! Me: So we are going to count electric production? What about Hydrogen production? Today it uses fossil fuels and outputs carbon and methane worse than coal plants. Hydrogen Fan: But the real exhaust is only water! And you could eventually get the hydrogen back out of the water! Me: That's not how Chemistry works. Where does the energy come from to split the water molecules? That's about when I gave up on the conversation as it derailed into the aforementioned beliefs that the guy built a Hydrogen Fuel cell that somehow fueled on water, spit out water as exhaust, and was capable of driving a car in the 70s but then his garage experiments were stopped by a government conspiracy. (I presumed drugs were heavily involved in the actual reality of this story, this was a middle aged guy working in a hardware store.) This entire conversation felt like par for the course when dealing with people that think hydrogen powered cars are anything but a ruse. You even hear variations on it from the Big 3 car companies. ("Well we almost had hydrogen working in the 70s but the government stopped us." Yup, it was clearly the government and not, say, the basic laws of chemistry and physics.) Not to mention that Mitsubishi and others are working on good solutions for inductive chargers that could be mounted into the street, making the parking spot itself the charger, at which point nearly every parking spot in a city has the space to be electric (it just needs the infrastructure investment). The same trend holds in America as well. The low margins on gas has lead to gas pumps becoming a loss leader to encourage people to go to nearby convenience stores and now increasingly entire supermarkets and superstores. The pumps that are surviving aren't really "gas stations" in the classic Americana sense and I don't think people realize that. Electric cars primarily "fill in the bathtub". If you look at a chart of energy demand over 24 hours the off-peak (cheaper) hours are often referred to as the "bathtub" because that's what the chart resembles. To deal with the bathtub electric companies have to turn on/off electric generation systems appropriately. Most of those generation systems (hydro and even coal, as two examples) are more efficient if they run continuously rather than start/stop. So electric companies want to fill in the bathtub, and are already willing and eager to fill in the bathtub. This is also where you get into discussions about the "smart grid". The thing to note is that the grid in most countries is already "smart" on the production/generation side: it has to be to deal with changes in demand over time, particularly given something like the bathtub that happens every single day. The goal of the "smart grid" is to make consumption smarter by signaling better when demand might change (my owner just got home from work for the day, your house says, so please get ready for higher power needs this evening) and electric cars are a vanguard for the "smart grid" precisely because they are programmable consumption devices with useful consumption patterns that can be smartly adjusted. An electric car (or its charger, same difference) can ask the grid for energy and adjust its energy input to the grids needs (and vice versa), charging on a slow trickle during high demands and a full blast to help fill in the bathtub. Cars use a whole lot of energy, but primarily in short bursts (trips to/from a destination) and ultimately spend a lot more time parked. With a little bit of information from the user, or a bit of inference from pattern matching, a car can predict about how long it will be parked and about how much charge it will need for the next trip (which is not always 100%; if you drive to lunch from work you probably are only planning to go a short distance because you have to return to work just after lunch). The energy grid loves this because it can better predict demand over time and better adjust consumption to meet generation and vice versa. (This is all even before you get the "smart grid" facets that electric cars are giant parked batteries and that a truly "smart grid" could borrow energy from an electric car to meet high demand and then repay that energy (with "interest") as demand shrinks back down. It's this part that gets a bunch of interest when people talk about the "smart grid", but that's actually a less practically useful part of it than just consumption demand knowledge and preparation/time-shifting. The "battery loans" would more likely be useful and actionable merely at the scale of between your personal car and home than at the level of the grid.) OneNote tries to be very good about respecting the format of copy/pasted stuff (and uses the Office method of giving you a few options after pasting to possibly reformat, but only at your option). It keeps a Code style for formatting handy in the list of quick styles. It syncs well across devices (using OneDrive, of course) and these days is also multiplatform with apps for all major platforms (Windows, iOS, Android, Mac OS X). For a brief period I had a server that polled Twitter and updated a .plan file from my tweets, simply because I could, but that was two or three Twitter API versions ago and I've also been using fewer and fewer unix boxen since then. Part of me wants to revisit the concept and run a Twitter over QOTD (port 17) server. Some of them were definitely highly specific jargon to medical fields and the like. I'm betting fewer of them are made up than you think. My insight in college taking some economics courses side by side higher level physics and engineering courses was that economics has mostly gotten stuck in algebra and has thus far failed to develop its calculus. The easiest analogies for me to make are to electronics. Talking about cash/debt is like talking about instantaneous voltage. It's sort of interesting, but it isn't doing any actual work. In electronics it is the flow of that voltage, the current, that is more often more important and more interesting and more directly applicable to the "work" of a circuit... I think you get a very different view of economics if you model it more like electronics circuits than just about any of the other economics models I see discussed. I've often wondered what would happen if someone actually bothered to attempt such a model and apply some deep scientific rigor to it. Thanks for the interesting reference to look up. I had not heard of the MONIAC before. Looks like this is also a sideways referent in Terry Pratchett's Making Money which draws in some interesting dots in that book. There is always the tried and true pick an obscure, lesser known or possibly even esoteric [1] language and talk about how it is different and maybe why it is different and what (if any) reasons someone might want to learn it in depth or actually try to use it for a project. Or possibly more usefully you could try an intro to a deep concept in programming languages that people don't well understand. The classics there are things like "What is a Monad? Guess what, here's how you are using them already in C# or JavaScript...". [1] http://esolangs.org/wiki/Main_Page Certainly some jargon is typical in spoken environments but rarely necessary in written contexts, just as vice versa. Not that I have any specific proofs on the specific words in the survey, but given at least one example of curious slang ("fleek"), I wouldn't put it past Randall to attempt to find some. Also, the fun thing about pronounceable neologisms is even if Randall made them up, there's a curious tendency in English at least to actually start using some of them. I stopped attending Hackathons (and Jams) out of a principle decision. I've come to feel that Hackathons are only encouraging some of the worst aspects of the software industry. The industry as a whole has long, bad habits of encouraging "crunch work" and unpaid overtime. Hackathons are a celebration of those bad habits (and a mirror to them). The arguments pro-Hackathon point out that such events are unsustainable and you can't expect to do it every weekend, and yet you also start to see Hackathons filling up nearly every weekend in a year and people that try to attend all of them that they think they safely can. I don't want to encourage "crunch work" and so I stopped paying attention to Hackathons entirely. Life is too short to burn so brightly on weekends for projects that mostly don't matter. I do worry that Hackathon culture encourages more bad software business cultures that think that they need crunch or can survive on crunch and that "everybody is doing it". I have had no problems with Hulu's ad offerings and will happily stick with the ad subsidized option. Because guessing games are fun: Slickle is clearly onomatopoeia for something I probably don't want to know what. Cadine is a name (which is certainly a type of word): http://www.babycenter.com/baby-names-cadine-891835.htm Tribution and Revergent are likely plays on con- prefix removal and substitution (contribution, convergent). If they are not part of some jargon, they will be. Similarly, the morphological construction for Unitory (-tory is the latin agency prefix) I can certainly believe it to have jargon usage. Trephony could be a form of this noun for different grammatical situations: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trephone That would suggest to me that it may be a biosciences jargon term already. Do you have any links for what you consider to be the current state of economics? I will the first to admit that I am not an economist, but I do try to at least keep an ear out for what may be current and certainly in terms of what I've been hearing from a layman's perspective, for the most part my comments remain valid against current economics work. That said, it's also why I prefaced my comments that they were primarily centered from several years ago back when I was in college and that the analogy was mostly personal opinion. If it is personal opinion founded in ignorance, I am happy to be proven wrong or shown cool things, if you are interested in a deeper discussion beyond insults. Certainly, the models that we see in day to day political discussions and popular/lay culture have not seemingly progressed much beyond the macroeconomics courses I took in college, but again I'm willing to admit I certainly have my biases/blinders. Also, I'm sure that dynamic models exist, I was more curious if there are economists that have played with models more closely aligned with my physics analogies, specifically. Thus far the one of most interesting things in economics right now, to myself at least, is I have done some reading on some of the work of theorists in Modern Monetary Theory (MMT) and I liked where it seemed to be heading (not to mention its ties to turn of the last century Social Credit theories/works). That certainly seems close to what I'd expect/like to see more of in economics, but correct me if I'm wrong, it still seems "fringe" in the current state of economics. Yes, I enjoyed Hackathon-like things in college, but there is something to be said about youth and youthful exuberance there. I'm also at the point where the sorts of things I do that meet the Hackathon role in my life at this point, particularly because I think they should fit spare time and not eat up my focus or impact my day job, I'm tending towards at least a fortnight deadline (two weeks) and often more like month (things like NaNoWriMo in particular have captured my attention). I do think that is a bit more sustainable. I've also sort of tried to brainstorm up for what I think a good sustainable "jelly" (slower than a "jam") might be and it would probably be something like fortnight sub-milestones towards a month or two project. Of course, I'm still not sure how you keep that from feeling like an unpaid internship, but maybe I'll figure that out at some point. It seems to me that where JetBrains went wrong was building every language supported as a separate application. According to their announcement post the stated goal of was to deal with the customer ask to get easier discounts on multiple language products or to move from one language to another more easily. To JetBrains the solution was apparently to switch to SaaS, which kind of makes sense, but from my perspective maybe they should have just consolidated some of their product efforts? Pirates of the Caribbean movies heavily borrowed from "On Stranger Tides" from the very first movie, so it was only fair that they eventually actually licensed the book, even if only to mostly just use the (fantastic) title, because they'd already picked so much of the book apart. Also, further mutual inspiration trivia between the two franchises: Ron's never made it a secret that Monkey Island was also directly inspired by the original Disney Pirates of the Caribbean attraction. (The influence of which can be felt strongly throughout, but which most directly manifests itself in the complicated and controversial MI2 ending.) Ron left LucasArts before Curse of Monkey Island and it was made without his consent or original design plans by essentially and entirely new and different design team. To be fair to the Curse design team, it sounds like Ron's vision for his Monkey Island 3 has never really existed outside of his head and he didn't leave them any/many notes to even be able to attempt to end the trilogy with whatever story Ron may have envisioned. Ron also had mostly made it clear that he doesn't like that LucasArts continued the IP without his consent, as it was his baby, but that's the wonderful world of work for hire for you. It's also useful to note that io.js moved fasted in version numbering because they switched to a more semver versioning pattern, whereas Node had been using something a lot more awkward and rather more confusing. It looks like a benefit to the 4.0 jump is that Node will be using semver moving forward. That Aeon Magazine example looks like they tried to use radio boxes and couldn't figure out the HTML to do it properly and gave up. Now, I just made the mistake of looking at Aeon's HTML source and its fine, but definitely some strange bugs (label for not matching input id is one obvious thing where someone failed some basic HTML SAN checks). «The problem it doesn't solve is what people will do with their time.» What would you do with your time if you weren't required to work for your living? I'd spend more time writing fiction and videogames, personally. Others want to act, write poetry, create art, perform music, romance, raise kids, the list extends out to so many extremes of human expression and desire. I'd probably read more books and play more videogames and attend more concerts, too. There would certainly be a lot more Netflix binging, in general. But the problem here is that people see such culture (leisure) as sinful/wasteful, rather than a goal, a possibly better human existence. If more people have leisure time, so what? At some point we have to admit to ourselves (as this is deep in the American DNA at this point) that the Puritans were wrong and backbreaking labor is not the end all/be all of human experience. It's not a more "pure" life to work ourselves to death and it's not "guilty" or "irrational" or "wasteful" to balance some pleasure and leisure into one's life. People should not have to "earn" a right to the bottom rungs of Maslow's Hierarchy: they should have food, shelter, safety, health. Why should "work" be an entry bar to claiming one's basic rights as a human being in a caring society? The concept of "basic income" is that everyone gets it, regardless of qualification. If people want to earn income over and above that, they are welcome to: there will still be startups and companies and projects that will (need to) pay for labor. If people want to live on the bare minimum that "basic income" provides for them and spend the rest of their life in relative leisure, then let them. What harm does that do to society? If companies have such a great need for that extra labor they would be missing they can pay the value that that loss of leisure is actually worth and lure the "lazy" out of leisure through enough incentive. If someone tries to leave beyond their means and uses "basic income" as a crutch they'll quickly find themselves dealing with the same disincentives that poor people already face: bad credit, collections agency, the prison-industrial complex. Already productivity statistics are telling us that there are fewer jobs needed than people that exist in this country, and with increasing automation this trend will only get worse. We can't enforce 100% employment, and why should we? Instead, we need a solution for a (much) less than 100% employment world and punishing people with crippling poverty and debt seems like a far less useful solution than whining that maybe some people might find a way to take their basic income, find some shelter and a lifestyle that is sustainable under it, and binge watch Netflix for the rest of their lives without ever "working a job". What you perceive as a problem here is a failed assumption: the Puritan belief that people only live meaningful (sinless) lives if they devote themselves to some hateful job and work to earn their way to a better life (heaven for the Puritans; a leisure-full retirement if they are lucky after putting their nose to the grindstone, in the case of the classic American middle class propaganda). Sorry for the long rant here, but it's just something that I think we have a hard time talking about in America precisely because we've got a bundle of culturally foundational DNA that makes it tough to talk about without first attacking those foundational assumptions. Hopefully, maybe this helps explain what you are missing in the concept? One place I find it useful to start is with the one empirical attempt to actually try basic income, the Canadian Mincome Experiment: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MINCOME The other direction is to look at today's Social Security (basic income for the elderly) and attempt to extrapolate what/how you would expand the program to cover every citizen. For instance, examining the impact of fixed incomes on the elderly versus the cost of living in various parts of the country and how the elderly today are already coping with such issues. Another direction I've been trying to keep an eye on and follow as best I can is the discussions and work going on in (fringe) economics under the name "Modern Monetary Theory": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_monetary_theory «The problem comes when people choose to do something destructive.» That's what we have disincentives such as the debt enforcement and the legal system already in place for. If someone spends all of their basic income on drugs rather than shelter/food, they likely commit a dumb sort of suicide or wind up in the prison system. The point of basic income is that you should have (as with any income) the opportunity to make mistakes like that. For one reason, I don't want to stop someone from using all their basic income on alcohol, because maybe I'll have a nice job with good wages that meets my basic needs and the basic income goes straight into my budget line item that reads "Top shelf bourbon"... More importantly, basic income works best when it is unqualified and unmonitored and real money: it can have the most economic impact if yes, some of it is sometimes going to even the sketchiest of corner liquor stores. That corner store is still going to have a local economic impact. Adding a work requirement doesn't stop someone from doing something personally destructive. (In some cases it is likely to incentivize personal destruction; a bad job can cause suicidal thoughts or more inclination to do drugs.) Of course, there's the question of larger scale societal destruction beyond personal destruction: how you stop someone from spending all their basic income on gas to burn and pollute? Ultimately that's a larger failure in the way we operate our economy that maybe we should fix at the sources (we need a better gas tax; we need carbon cap and trade). «I also wouldn't have a problem with people taking their basic income but not contributing to society.» Then why would you need to bother micromanaging if any or all of them participate in any sort of "work"? Basic income says we don't necessarily need to redefine "work": we need to stop caring about it, stop policing it, stop letting the labor market enslave people and telling people that fail in the labor market (for any reason) that they are bad people and deserve the poor lot in life that bad luck or poor circumstance handed them. A great prospective thing about basic income is that it increases liquidity in the labor market, making it actually a market where both sides (labor and employers) can participate as equals and bargain with some amount of fairness. If people don't need to work for a living, it means employers have to actually compete for their labor. If people have a fallback plan (I'll just live on my basic income for a while) they can more easily and more freely change jobs as they see fit. Redefining "work" and "requiring" it loses some of the nice qualities of that potentially wonderful liquidity in the labor market. «From a more practical point of view, there is also the issue of how such a program could ever be adopted. This is the unfortunate reality of American politics. The idea of workfare could be something that the conservative half of the country also supports.» I certainly wish we had more answers here. Basic income has been removed from American political discussions several times now, by painting it with the use of "Socialism" as a bad word. We've already managed to get (and have a heck of a time defending every other election cycle) basic income for two particularly innocent and defenseless (used to be) minorities: the elderly and the disabled. We call it "Social Security" and it mostly works rather well, when we aren't cutting or gouging it. But the every eight years or so fights to even keep it in existence keeps us from even mentioning the opposite possibility: expanding it. "Workfare" isn't the answer here for a compromise because we've also already got it, as a convoluted Frankenstein's monster of compromises: minimum wage, unemployment insurance, EBT/"food stamps", welfare. These are already "workfare" they all already require you to work or actively be seeking work and have all sorts of very stringent requirements about when and how and where you can use them. The potential beauty for basic income is that it cleans all of that up, and makes Uncle Sam and the State Governments a lot less nanny state. "Here's a check, spend it however you wish" is a lot simpler than "Fill out these forms, maybe you qualify for an audited debit card, here's the approved list of ways to spend it, here's the list of steps to prove you are doing it right and how often you need to do that..." My biggest hope is that maybe you could get a cross aisle contingent of us whacky socialist liberals and some fellow whacky "smaller government" libertarians to somehow get together and join forces on the concept that merging social security, unemployment insurance, minimum wage, welfare, food stamps, et al into one, much, much simpler non-nanny-state program of basic income, decreases the size of government and increases (hopefully) the happiness of the people, and then maybe from the edges we might hope to convince the large political middle (although probably not the moneyed "bases" of our two parties)... It's a wonderful fantasy that maybe could happen? I wish someone knew how to get the liberals/socialists and libertarians in the same room together without the money or bullying of the party bases. Thanks for some technical distinctions. It's useful here to compare the boring reality with the ideal vision, which is again why these are useful directions to look. It certainly doesn't impact the reasons I use a Surface. The Surface Pro is a direct laptop replacement for me and runs any Windows application I throw at it, including that I do development on it from time to time in Visual Studio. Dell just announced a partnership with Microsoft to sell and support the Surface to enterprises, and that's probably going to be a big and growing market for the Surface. Again, largely because even the 3 Non-Pro now is a full Windows laptop replacement of a sort that can run an enterprise's full suite of Windows applications. I don't think it has a chance to "wipe out" the Surface, but I also don't see it as a direct competitor to the Surface. Particularly because of how different iOS and Windows are, it seems like comparing apples to oranges and last I checked apples have still yet to wipe out oranges and we're all a little better off for having a choice in our fruits. The original Python .war equivalent was the .egg, but that's slowly losing ground to the .wheel. Oh wait, I'm confusing .jar and .war, aren't I? I think .wheel has some .war-like characteristics, thus it's growing popularity, but an not sure. As pointed out a lot of the verbosity in PowerShell is optional these days as there are a good number of aliases for common commands. The nice thing about the verbosity is kind of similar to the point of SQL in that it too has something of a natural language DSL intent (in PowerShell commands are expected to be "Verb-Noun" and verbs for the most part are encouraged to be from a relatively small set of common verbs). This can make it a bear to fully write out without an IDE (and there are multiple choices these days) or tab completion (which gets better with each release). The benefit however, is that typically you can very easily read someone's PS1 script if it has been written at full verbosity and know what it is doing. It's often very close to self-documenting at that point. It's kind of a reverse Alphabet situation: doubling down on (and returning to) the brand people actually know/trust (Stack Overflow/Google) over the brand people only met if they got involved in some meta-discussions (Stack Exchange/Alphabet), even as they continue to diversify. I'm not sure whose is the better approach. I think the name change has a bigger impact on Alphabet (the shareholder shuffle, trying to get greater focus on "side projects" outside of the Google core search products) than it will on Stack Overflow. Certainly Stack Overflow doesn't seem to be doing it for outside shareholders, it seems like they are simply doing it to help coalesce their own corporate identity and how they talk about it amongst themselves. It might not directly impact the average developer in caring about their product offerings, but maybe it will help lead communications internally for them in making those product offerings better and selling those product offerings to themselves as important/core to their future. I certainly wish them luck in that case that the name change will indeed benefit their cultural stability and future. I too have a lot of complex feelings about Stack Overflow. I appreciate it as a resource, but I also worry about what it incentivizes and why and how it incentivizes them. Your example is great: why is it that complicated questions with complicated answers you cannot just link to existing, well written how to article. Some of my best resources have come from such links that could only be appended as comments to the question, so they don't benefit from as much Rep gain as an answer, nor can they be marked as the "accepted" answer, when often they are the best answer... It's a particular concern given they are exploring a "Documentation" site designed for such long form answers and presumably there will be more answers on the main page of the form "see this example of this Documentation page" and it will be interesting to see if some of the Rep systems and moderation policies adjust with that. On the flipside the Documentation site as proposed still encourages people to (re)create content that could exist elsewhere for Rep points and maybe to the detriment of useful community sites or existing documentation sites. Some of that will be wait and see as they move forward into the project, of course. Finally, in a slightly different direction, as a somewhat unsuccessful game designer in a past life, I spent a lot of time thinking about point systems and incentive systems, and it's hard not to evaluate Stack Overflow's Rep through some of those filters. From those respects, Stack Overflow Rep is not bad, but sometimes concerning , largely in part from a reactionary position on myself that the "gamification" of the world is largely a bad thing, incentivizing in people sometimes the worst OCD tendencies and disincentivizing thoughtfulness or creativity. Stack Overflow Rep is definitely OCD incentivizing. I had interviewers ask me about my Stack Overflow Rep, and for one thing its not hard to find, and for second thing many of my points are actually elsewhere in the Exchange network, which can be fun to explain. But it's also easy for me to worry what in fact they are really asking about if they are interested in such an arbitrary metric, as well known and "extensive" as it may be... (Particularly in a world of employers that forbid social media participation entirely, which would include things like Stack Overflow.) You have to use the .TSX filename extension to enable it. The Roadmap [0] has long seen async/await as the defining feature for the TypeScript 2.0 milestone, from what I recall. From what I've read in the blog posts the team wants to prioritize ES6 (ES2015) features first, particularly as async/await is potentially on the standards agenda as early as ES2016 or ES2017... The surprise in TypeScript 1.6 is that experimental support for async/await is actually included, with the caveats that you have to explicitly opt in to the experimental feature with a compiler flag and that it only works when outputting ES6 code (it fails for ES3 and ES5). Some details are at the bottom of the issue 1664. Also, I think the new typing capabilities are hugely sexy if you've ever had to write .d.ts files for wild JS. Generic type aliases and intersection types will solve a lot of things that were much harder to do in definition files previously. Also, the support for expressions in class extends clauses makes it a lot easier to use the nicer class syntax when operating with JS libraries that use a custom object factory. (Given the long history of JS OO, there are a lot of weird custom object factories out there in wild JS code.) This is also good catchup with ES6 class syntax; it's always sexy when TS works to keep its "pure superset" goals. [0]: https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Roadmap It is referring to mathematical sets, but at the categorization of types level rather than the "shape" of types. If you think of Set X consisting of all the objects that could possibly be built as Class X and Set Y as all the objects that could possibly be built as Class Y, then the union of those sets is all of the Class X derived objects and all of the Class Y derived objects, whereas the intersection of those sets are whatever objects manage to implement or derive from both Class X and Class Y. The great thing about multi-paradigm languages is that you and I can write very functional code one day and lend a hand in a heavily OOP codebase the next. Even "Enterprise JavaScript" is a step up from the hodge podge "no paradigm" JS that has classically littered the web. It's nice seeing actual architecture and planning in JS codebases these days, with and without the big rigid frameworks. Sure, a lot of it is more verbose than it needs to be and over-architecture is an easy over correction to make, but typically I'll take over-architecture over no-architecture any day of the week. (Even if most of the joy I get from over-architecture is taking sledge hammers to it and reducing it down to a tighter core. Net negative lines of code refactors are a wonderful thing.) A key benefit to TypeScript over Flow is the very deep amount of IntelliSense and IDE support you get from it up front in your development process. It's very nice to have things like auto-completion and API documentation at your fingertips as you work. Also, TypeScript has a fairly strong transpilation engine and can be a one-stop shop for most of your transpilation needs (contrasting to also needing something Babel or Traceur in your build and/or runtime stack, for instance, because you can just transpile ES6-like TypeScript directly to ES5). I think it's worth pointing out that too that while "just another Android phone" even lay consumers can see the differences between Amazon's Android shop (and the Fire platform) and Google Play, fairly easily. From a lay perspective where "sideload" is a meaningless made up word, Amazon's platform certainly looks more like an "Android knockoff" than "just another Android phone". Playing with analogies, I feel like maybe Java is more our generation's Lisp, with respect to the AI boom: it hit a key enterprise "cool" factor and seemed to offer a productivity jump in some particular niches, but failing support levels from the language companies supposedly maintaining the languages (that got too bogged down into pie in the sky hardware projects or got bought out at ridiculous prices and scavenged for parts)... The fun fact there is the snake is eating its tail in that analogy as most of the interesting stuff I've read in the last while regarding Java/JVM is Clojure, and that's a direct Lisp descendant. The big changes between npm@2 and npm@3 are the node_modules flattening, which has been a huge pain for those of us doing development on Windows given the MAX_PATH issues deeply nested node_modules have caused. Very excited to see this out of beta! (Also, the new Unicode progress bars are cute and more interesting to watch than the classic |\-/| spinner...) Yes, absolutely. Good algorithms books show you strong patterns for how you can attack problems and program solutions. They will also often introduce you to some of the best, well-known algorithms that exist: these are known solutions that have been studied and examined. It's amazing how often you may find that knowing a problem has a well-known solution allows you to "skip ahead" to the next, actual problem. More importantly, data structures are essential to just about everything you do as a programmer. Every program has some amount of data it needs to utilize as input or output and data structures inform everything from where and how you store it to how you work it (how you program against it!). Here you see the crossover back to algorithms and further the importance of good fundamentals in algorithms: well-known data structures have well-studied algorithms for things such as creation, insertion, deletion, management, sorting, iteration, and more. Better knowing those algorithms helps you better understand the tradeoffs between data structures. Using the right data structure with the right set of algorithms for that data structure for the given usage cases of your data is a huge part of programming and a big distinction between bad programs, good programs, and amazing programs. Of the top of my head, various combinations of, roughly in order of importance: - JungleDisk sync folders - OneDrive folders - BitTorrent Sync folders - Dropbox folders - Firefox account Edge (the particular topic of the blog post) currently only runs on Windows 10. I'm sure that was the assumption made by the article author. Presumably, if you had the right Chrome build I presume you could also attempt to use that. (Although the last I heard Chrome was still supporting an older draft of the standard, and maybe that was also included in the assumption here?) You can sell value adds such as additional services or support. Nothing stops you from selling an open source project as is, either, you just have to be a aware that you are essentially competing with your own "free version". There are also a couple of good Open Source consortiums that are run as non-profits. They act as a 501(c)3 parent organization that handles a lot of the legal footprint for the open source projects they manage and in return they provide a useful, charitable way for businesses and enterprises and individuals to donate to open source projects that they use and have it count as charitable giving that can be used to a tax credit advantage. You aren't going to get rich on "donation-ware", but it certainly is a good way to get smart people to help pay for the maintenance of long-term open source projects. It will drop naturally over time. It's also possible that even being a "fluff" piece this could be the starting point for a larger conversation. For instance: what about this piece, specifically, makes you see it as fluff? What would you improve? Are there specific assertions you disagree with? I don't think it makes any particularly strong arguments, but perhaps that's the point. Maybe the article author wants such criticism? Good points here. It complains a bit about the semicolons and as Standard ( http://standardjs.com/ ) points out, you don't actually need most of the semicolons. This would suggest to me that you have a Coupling mistake or an Abstraction problem of some sort. I can't quite offer specific fixes based on the specifics here, but abstractly my gut reaction is that it sounds likely that B is too tightly coupled to A and is likely something that either should be part of A or C more directly (possibly merged together; or at the very least versioned together). Certainly I don't often feel like an abstract class is a separate enough concern to be its own module (an abstract class without any available implementation is useless on its own), and that seems a flag that maybe should reconsider your architecture, but without too many specifics I'm not sure I can tell you exactly what is wrong with your abstract class. Hope that helps maybe lead you in the right direction at least. 1) The license changes were directly from decades of user feedback: people don't buy upgrades to Windows, they buy machines with Windows on it. Microsoft listened and now Windows is licensed and updated perpetually to a given hardware configuration. 2) Windows still supports Local Accounts as well as it ever has, and with feedback it's now much more obvious how to create one if you don't want "cloud lock-in". With the latest build out to Insiders even Cortana allows you to use a Local Account and opt in sign in to a Microsoft account only for Cortana features. Certainly seems to me that Microsoft is listening and trying to balance the feedback of the paranoids like you and the people that appreciate the convenience of cloud features such as myself... 3) Giant Enterprise "Threshold 2" release is expected to drop November-ish with greater support for GPO, BYOD, LTS, and all the Enterprise appeasing buzzword acronyms that "admins" love and users live with and/or hate. Microsoft appears to be collecting a lot of feedback to work on to build this Enterprise push, including a lot of feedback from the few companies to actually try and use Windows 8 (as opposed to all the ones steadfastly "Windows XP or Death"/"LTS for Life"), which had a lot stronger Enterprise capabilities than people seem to have given it credit for... 4) The UI is doing a lot of things that people want and ask for: better handling different DPI across multiple screens, better handling touch, better handling DPI in general, increasing better access to good typography and design principles. Apple does it and gets applauded, Microsoft tries to do it and people call them tyrants and "brow beating". Here again, Microsoft is clearly doing everything they can do based on the feedback they are getting. So much so that they've even backpedaled on many of the things that once made "Modern Apps" truly "Modern" in terms of fresh, smarter approaches to common problems (I was a fan of the Charms bar and what it tried to accomplish, may it rest in peace; also, hamburger menus, sigh). Apple never had to deal with as much "who moved my cheese" hatred in the transition between Carbon and Cocoa as Microsoft seems to be working with here.