I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least. FYI I did the Symfony demo, then signed in with Google and got a 404 error. It did save my progress, but I had to re-authorize before I could get back to the list of languages. Fantastic product, though. I see myself using this a lot. Any chance of a C# version coming along? This is an important question I think should be answered Tambur.io looks great. Another alternative if someone is looking for hosted SSL on a free plan would be Buddy http://www.buddy.com/pricing/ , free for the first half million API calls with unlimited applications. Pretty steep at $250/mo for 500,001-10MM calls. IIRC that's already something Facebook does with regard to the feed (as you mentioned). Say you get a friend request from someone you went to HS with, but outside of accepting the request you never interact with them on FB. They could post every day but you'd likely never see it. I would imagine that the strength of the intersection of their graph with yours would play a role in this as well. Can anyone who works at FB comment on this? I'd imagine this is one of the back-end engineering problems the developers there would enjoy working on. > Unfortunately SaaS doesn't work for us > I recommend you to use Zendesk Come on I'm somewhat curious why this spam hasn't been downvoted into oblivion. Am I the only one that's bothered by seeing that red dotted underline for ANonce, SNonce and Ack? As edw519 pointed out, I didn't do my research before making that flip comment. I didn't mean any offense by it and I apologize. I'm not a fan of loopholes either, but they exist and it'd be ridiculous to expect those able to not to take advantage of them. They'd just be burning off a percentage of their income. Everything Romney's done has been legal, if impolitic. I challenge everyone acting like he's the antichrist to show us their tax returns where they made a gift deposit to the US Treasury, because that's essentially what a lot of people expected him to do. I think if you were to look at all college dropouts (not just those that leave to go to SF) you would see it's certainly not a symptom of success. There are definitely successful people without degrees but it is the exception rather than the rule. It also depends on your definition of successful. By most definitions (including mine) this guy isn't. YC may change that, but it may not. I don't think it will have much to do with his degree, or lack thereof. If he lets you. Please take this with a grain of salt - I could only find it on Alternet[1] and I looked for the Gallup source they're referencing but shouldn't find it. The article is from December of 2011 as well. In the top 1% of US households (those with an income above ~$550,000 a year according to this article, but I've seen lower-end figures ranging from $380-660k/yr), 72% have a college degree v. 31% of the lower 99%. "Nearly half" of the top 1% has some form of post-graduate education v. less than 1 in 5 of the 99%. A lot of the 1% are CEOs, licensed professionals (JDs, MDs) and Wall Street executives, all positions the require baccalaureate or postgraduate degrees in almost every case. [1] http://www.alternet.org/story/153341/10_fun_facts_about_the_... I was being facetious, but this is actually an excellent point. Perfect example of something that's been available for ages but people somehow think they need a shiny web app (SaaS with a monthly subscription, of course) to do. Could this have something to do with the superstitious aspect of baccarat? The fact that the deck has been shuffled before it got to the casino but not even the casino itself has any way of knowing the order? The article mentioned superstition, but I've never played baccarat myself. No offense, but just about everything in your comment is wrong. Your argument that suits are dead is way off the mark. Maybe in San Francisco it's not expected to wear a suit to a job interview or to meet with clients, but in every job I've ever worked at the men were expected to wear a suit and tie more often than not. Your 1% comment doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Are you saying that only households making over $340k a year[1] would spend that much on a suit? My first job out of college was for $28k a year in a city. I had to spend much of that first year buying $600-800 suits because that's what I was expected to wear. I have friends that make what I make now and gladly drop twice what I would on a suit. It doesn't have anything to do with income. I believe this was mentioned elsewhere, but a $4,000 suit isn't mainly about income or wealth, it's about taste. Pick up any $4,000 suit from a custom clothier and hang it up next to a $350 suit from Men's Wearhouse. You will absolutely be able to tell the difference from the other side of the room. [1] http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/top-1-percent-earn.asp... Maybe it's just me, but wearing jeans to a wedding or funeral and not wearing a jacket and tie to a interview immediately signal disrespect and that the guest/candidate is too lazy to put in the requisite effort. Maybe the weather has something to do with that as well? I live in a very temperate part of the Northeast. Is Stripe that other provider? I've been contemplating switching but I agree with your sentiment that PayPal's fraud detection is the best available right now. I'd definitely be interested in seeing a write-up about integrating Stripe with third-party fraud detection systems. I didn't see this, I apologize. I will submit my question there. Thanks! "The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy." Is this book appropriate for someone who has never used Heroku before or is it geared toward folks who have beginner-level experience with it? Try using http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ This is an excellent point and one you should send to Stripe if you haven't already. No sarcasm intended, but how can you justify paying $65/mo for something like Chargify? Does it offer some value that I'm not seeing on their site? If this page is any indication of the actual app, I'm actually looking forward to paying for it. What exactly does one's gender have to do with using these tools? I do wish I had caught that before it was deleted. That is a good point; having some code to look at (or even copy) before writing my first ticketing application could have easily saved me a few hundred hours. Still, $65/mo seems a bit much. Best of luck, though. Was Arash central to choosing to invest? What I mean is do you think you would have passed if he hadn't found a co-founder by the interviews? I live in a small Pennsylvania borough with an operating budget of about $1 mil/year (this includes all services for the entire borough of 3-4 precincts). Our police department is 8 full-time officers and 3 part-time officers with I believe 2 full-time admin/support staff in the office. We have 5 cruisers, 4 SUVs and at the last borough council meeting the council approved the purchase of a 6th brand new cruiser and a new fleet of AR-15 style rifles for the officers. Because America. No way this goes more than an hour or two without being closed. Daisy, does this take into account costs such as maintenance, home repairs, etc or is it strictly financial in terms of rent payment v. mortgage payment? The center may be whiter but they get that terrible grey circle on them. I seriously doubt they just up and decided to take all your money. What policy or agreement did you violate? > Having a massive buying power, the prices of these basic products will be much, much cheaper than any grocery store. No, it won't. You think a startup will have more buying power than WalMart? Giant? Even smaller chains like Weis or Kroger's would blow it out of the water in terms of monthly product purchased. If you were specializing in a niche market like luxury types of foods this could probably work. I agree that it'd likely take someone with experience in logistics/SCM to pull it off but there is a market for it. I originally started consulting in 2009 after being laid off; I had a client in two days (acquaintance already) at $50 an hour. Three and a half years later my advertised rate is $125/hr or $800/day, with a few clients being grandfathered into lower rates (usually only if I know they're on a tight budget and have a decent amount of work in the pipeline). Don't misunderstand me: I have lost clients because I raised my prices. Maybe that was a failure on my part to adequately explain the reasoning behind the increase and the value they were getting. Regardless, those aren't the kinds of clients I want anyway. I don't want to deal with someone complaining their invoice is $1480 instead of the $1450 I estimated. Obviously not the OP but I'd like to offer my experience. I've told every client of mine they'll get a 15% payment off any referral's first contract (ongoing if it's a retainer), and offered the same deal to many friends who know the business I'm in. I haven't gotten a single call or email about it. If people like you, they will refer you to everyone who will listen. If they don't, they'll talk bad about you to even more people. Offering a few hundred dollars or even more is, in my experience, not going to sway them one way or the other. Never tried it, but I've also never met a professional recruiter who knew anything about our industry. Looks like a shotgun to me, but the image is blurry. What is there to open source? It's HTML, CSS and JS. Especially since they're in Detroit. Asking a question does not denote offering legal advice. Your laziness is not something to be lauded, and it is not cute or quirky (which I believe you think it is based on that emoticon). I don't know why you got downvoted, that seems like a reasonable question to me. My uneducated opinion is that that would be willful infringement. It would be your responsibility to see if the patent is granted, and if it is to cease whatever you're doing that could infringe. Note: this isn't what I agree with, just my understanding of how it is currently. IANAL Edit: I think ceasing any potentially infringing activity after you learn the patent is awarded would quash any notion of you willfully infringing and would allow you to say "I stopped as soon as I had to, but here's why I shouldn't have had to in the first place..." if it ever got to that point. Not to my knowledge; there may be a resource through the USPTO. How would you suggest someone without any experience in physical products get that required knowledge? A friend and I have an idea for a physical product and we're in the process of building the garage prototype now. When that's finished and if we think it's a fit for Kickstarter, what resources should we find so we don't set goals too low, etc? What about having an IQ in the top 2% isn't a big deal? Tortoise beating the hare? It's possible the HN algorithm detects a steady, consistent stream of users, an above-average percentage of which upvote something compared a flash-in-the-pan type of posting. Two minor things: (1) that survey prompt keeps popping up even though I've already filled it out, and (2) the survey should open in a new window so I don't need to click the back button multiple times just to get back to your site. Other than those minor nitpicks I like what I see so far. > The idea that you might have to bump your college degree by 5 years is unimaginable at age 22. Or to anyone with a conscience who doesn't want to become known as a liar. I don't know anyone, even in HR, who expects a resume to show the whole truth.. But Jesus, are we at a point where we don't expect to only show the truth? Michael says playing with dates isn't dishonest. Bullshit. It's incredibly easy to "play" with the dates (e.g., lie ) to hide the fact you're fired from every job you've ever had within the year and it takes you six months to find new employment. Half this thread is people saying "Don't lie, because that makes you a liar, and nobody likes liars." and the other half is people saying "Just because I lie on my resume doesn't mean I'm a liar because this one time a company did something bad to me so that makes this unrelated occurrence totally okay." Like you said: disgusting. You also get into some issues with time off, vacations, etc. But I have no doubt companies (and the naive prospective employees) that have this type of access do that. Just because it's a MoJo article doesn't mean this is the place to wax philosophic about your personal political beliefs. How did you learn to play golf? I've wanted to learn for some time but don't know where to start. I don't think option A ever hurts the former employer, or at least only in the rarest of circumstances. If I apply for a job and it's down to me and Candidate X, both of which have n years of experience in software development, I am going to be pissed if he gets the job because I'm an honest person and he's "padded" his resume for every job to where he now has n +2 years of experience. I think the reason this gets such a visceral reaction from folks on my side of the argument is that there's no way to know how often this happens (my guess is truthfully that it happens more often than not, even just the "padding" of a month or two to hide or lessen stretches of unemployment). Which pushes people to mass transit, lowers overall consumption of gasoline, decreases revenue from car registration and gas taxes and bankrupts the transit system. Edit #1: I'm being intentionally glib, but the point is that it's not as simple as "raise taxes" or "take the bus." Edit #2: I'd love to hear a counterpoint instead of just downvotes. Please explain to me how the spirit of what I said is incorrect. For the most part, rail travel is private industry in the US - that means it has to make a profit. Obviously if you make something very cheap or free you're going to have a lot more people willing to use it. It will also cease to exist as a private enterprise very quickly. I don't want to make this solely a political point, but it's a hard sell to convince me that it's inherently good to incentivize mass transit in the first place, let alone that it should be nationalized by default and offered below cost or for free. Why Lua? Ignoring all the screen capture and webcam nonsense and focuses strictly on the location tracking: should it be expected for a company that will by its definition attract deadbeats and scammers be required to detail its security measures? It sucks that you have to put up with this, but let's not pretend it's a "big chunk." According to the Journal of Deaf Studies and Deaf Education, an article published in 2005 cites 11MM HOH and deaf individuals in the United States[1]. The Population Reference Bureau cites 296MM US citizens in the same year[2]. It's important to note that according to the first source, "over half" of those that are HOH or deaf are over 65 - likely not the target market of this video. Even if we were to completely ignore the demographic issue of who makes up the majority of HOH and deaf individuals, we're talking about just over 3.7% of the population in the US (I would assume it's roughly similar when extrapolated to the entire internet population). I think that anyone for whom the HOH and deaf population was a target market would certain take every opportunity to make their materials accessible. [1] http://jdsde.oxfordjournals.org/content/11/1/112.full - ABSTRACT [2] http://www.prb.org/pdf05/05worlddatasheet_eng.pdf - PAGE 2 Just curious :) What was the CTA before? Right now it says "Get Started Now" which is clearly not the case. SEEKING WORK - remote I am available for 10-20 hours weekly beginning November 15. I am working remotely from the US East Coast. My skill set is varied and includes: - BACK END: PHP (8 years), WordPress (2 years), .NET (2 years), Python ( Contact information is in my profile. Which tablet is that? I've got an iPad, a Macbook Air and a custom-built PC. I think the next logical step is a tablet running Linux. Glad to see a response. I didn't catch the original job posting before it was taken down, but I have to wonder: why was it taken down in the first place? Regardless, Streak seems like an interesting product. I think the argument is closer to the fact that we don't let physicians in India immediately be physicians in the US. People writing PHP for $15 an hour in India are seen as the same level as people writing PHP (or other language) for $125 an hour in the US and Europe. > ...or to be otherwise officially recognized by a U.S. state or federal government agency Why is it a bad idea to require recognition before handing out an .edu domain? As stated earlier people implicitly trust those domains and emails coming from them, and it would be downright dangerous to let untrustworthy nations hand them out to anyone. I believe you're lost. This is HN, not ThinkProgress. I'm familiar with your history on HN and your work with open source and appreciate both, so please do not take offense to this. You are completely and totally wrong about everything you just said. I run a business and every client signs a contract agreeing to mandatory binding arbitration. Why? Court cases are expensive, and most of my clients are attorneys themselves or have significantly more resources than I do. Both sides agree on an arbitrator and each side pays 50% of the fee. Arbitration is not some back room circle jerk where the defendant gives the arbitrator a couple hundred bucks for a favorable ruling, and the notion that it is is offensive to people like me who rely on that option. And guess what? If the arbitration was like that, you're within your right to sue. I exclusively use HSL notation because if you're using less functions like spin(), [de]saturate() and [lighten|darken]() it's what makes the most sense. The comparison to judges would be a fair comparison if both parties paid 50% of the judge's salary, and both parties had to agree on which judge to use. Arbitrators are simply not chosen and paid for by the corporations. The way it is typically done is that one arbitrator is agreed upon by both parties (negating any implications of foul play), or each party chooses one and those two arbitrators choose a third. I think it was mentioned elsewhere that contracts that are both (A) between parties of vastly disparate power, e.g. Microsoft's EULA and the average Xbox gamer; and (B) "take it or leave it" style contracts have been ruled on at least one occasion to be untenable. Understanding this is not usually the case in the US, I'd rather have a legal system that seemed unfair unless you researched the details than one tried to seem fair from the outside at the risk of being unfair to specific groups. If there is anything wrong with HN, you're it. The OP posted something that is well done, that (s)he spent the weekend working on, and is getting constructive feedback from everyone in the thread except you. But, since you seem to have crowned yourself the Arbiter of Quality, let's take a look at what you've contributed, shall we? 1. A python script to download free PSDs in bulk. 2. Two links to some DNS website (with a total of 3 votes and 0 comments) 3. A blog post talking about President Obama and renewable energy. 4. Hilariously, you also posted a meme about user negativity v. HN quality: http://memegraphs.com/memes/729c21bf62f51120855f5b5a8794b2fc... So before you make snarky comments about how bad HN has become, maybe you should actually try contributing something of value. Or leave. Either one would be a net gain for the rest of us. And the invoice price is always more than they pay for the vehicle anyway. It's not uncommon to see new vehicles advertised at several hundred below invoice (most I've seen is -$300 or so). Let me get this straight, you want a Stripe cookie that remembers a user's payment information across unrelated websites ? This. Give someone a project that should take no more than n hours to complete and give then n/2 days to do it, preferably including a weekend. That should be plenty of time for some folks, even employed. Which is a cop out anyway. Programmers don't get paid to "write code," they get paid to solve problems. Part of that is discussing options and strategies with teammates and making sure everyone is on the same page (or as close to the same page as possible when you have teammates with vastly disparate specialties and expertise). I specifically remember getting a letter in the mail a few weeks ago alerting me to this. Seriously guys, stop this. It's never as simple as "oh man Stripe needs to come to [country I just so happen to live in] because they'd make so much money it can't be that hard ." Yes, it can and it is. Stripe is doing everything right - focusing on a quality product and taking small steps to make it available to as many people as possible without damaging the quality of that product . It's a hell of a lot easier for someone in Germany to rip off Stripe and comply with all the German regulations than it is for Stripe to come in with no assets on the ground and figure it all out. They could be in Asia and the entire EU in under a year, I'm pretty sure. Their platform would implode and we'd all talk about how Stripe used to be good, and now it's worse than PayPal and how the executives screwed the pooch. To do things right takes time. Months, even years. If Stripe isn't available in your country, maybe you should build it. Disclosure: I do not work for Stripe, but I've worked with their API as well as the APIs of Piryx/Rally and PayPal. Stripe's is the best (Piryx is a close second but they've transitioned to Rally and last I checked Rally didn't have an API), and I'm as huge a fan as I could be having never processed a penny of real money through their servers. Any idea if or when we'd be able to white label the account creation process and/or use the API to register users? I know it's a bit of a leap to get someone willing to sign up for my service just to have to say "okay, now you just need to sign up for this other service you've never heard of..." Completely OT but I really like your site's design. Thanks for the response, Amber. This is definitely the best alternative to just saying "I need you to create a Stripe account, come back when you've done it." Look at the pixels? Why are people like you incapable of having a debate about something on its merits, instead relying on straw man arguments and attacks? > So we should do away with all regulation then? The parent didn't say that and nobody outside of the former Paul campaign has ever suggested. This is exactly what I'm talking about. > Anyway we can sort out the details ... after the election Stop using month-old Democratic talking points for your arguments and maybe people would take you more seriously. > Plenty of nations ... have implemented national schemes ... and none of them suffer from the stuff that you read about coming from the right's bullshit machine. So there it is, the right's "bullshit machine" as you put it. Let's ignore the fact that the US is several times the size of any western European country, much less homogenous and with a greater income disparity even between the 2nd and 4th quintiles. But yes, because it works for 62 million Britons, clearly if someone doesn't think it will work for 312 million Americans they (a) are racist; (b) are stupid; (c) hate poor people; (d) all of the above. Why would you not punish people for late payment? There's really no need to be such an asshole. Because you can't just say "we're going to disrupt the way people campaign/vote/get elected." It is a staggeringly massive government bureaucracy even at the most local levels, and it prevents that kind of change at every point possible. Edit: Not to mention the fact that as much as we like to pretend all politicians and millionaire slime balls, they're working people providing for their families. Very few are going to entertain the idea of running their campaign in an entirely different way because chances are they'll lose their job if they do. > I don't see a reason you can't. I've worked on campaigns professionally from 2002-2010 and I've run local and state races, including my own for borough council and school board. Why can't we change the way campaigns are run? Campaigns would be the easy part to change, but even then it depends what you want to change. Are you talking about new technology? The Romney campaign is doing a decent job of utilizing technology in how they're collecting voter contact results from phones and doors, organizing volunteers and managing fundraisers. Obama did an excellent job as well in 2008, especially compared to the CF that was the McCain campaign. If you want to make changes to the way fundraising works and the influence of money in politics, it will need to be incremental. That isn't something you can just cut off overnight for several reasons, the two biggest being that (A) nothing happens overnight in Congress, and (B) Members of Congress would essentially be shutting down their means of securing re-election. Why can't we change the way people vote? For the same reason a PA court placed an injunction on that state's Voter ID law: you can't deprive an otherwise qualified individual of his or her constitutional right to vote. You want to have internet voting? You better have a plan to give everyone in the country high speed internet access and be prepared for the unrelenting torrent of lawsuits when the server goes down. I'd personally like to see internet voting someday, but you really need to have massive redundancy systems in place and plenty of checks to prevent fraud. What happens if the server is down all day? What about peak traffic? What if the database gets wiped 30 minutes before the end of voting? Anyone who knows about how government contracts are structured knows that would be an IBM and/or Diebold contract in the hundreds of billions. And it still wouldn't work. > I believe mass media dominate campaigns because of the sheer amount of money thrown into them. This statement makes it look like you think one is correlated to the other, which I'm not inclined to agree with. Because there's a lot of money in politics, that somehow means mass media "dominates" campaigns, whatever that means? I'm not sure what your alternative would be aside from information directly from the campaigns themselves (which is almost guaranteed to be skewed, if not incorrect). Half is optimistic. In non-presidential year congressional elections it's not uncommon to have less than 1 in 3 voting. In true off-year elections in odd years where most folks are voting on lower court judges (in my state, anyway), local representatives on councils and school boards, it's much closer to 1 in 5 or less. There are just over 600 people in my ward of my township. 67 people voted in 2011 for the Council seat that was up. It's disgusting. I would posit that the cause is somewhat different, though: the partisan zealots are the ones that vote in every single primary and general election. For those of you who vote for POTUS and that's all, there are actually two elections every year. The country as a whole I think is more moderate than 99% of our elected officials, but the country as a whole isn't voting. It's largely straight-ticket people voting, especially in off years. This results in Members of Congress becoming more extreme because those are the people voting for them. No. First of all, just because someone spends 18 hours a day on a computer does not mean they're a "native netizen." That's not a real thing. Secondly, you're still in [State/Country of residence] when you're online . Just because someone is checking Twitter in a bathroom in Minnesota does not mean they're no longer subject to laws and regulations in Minnesota.