I call fake. See http://pastebin.com/64PAAV1c Same data, one month old. Millions of machines about to loose MS support. Millions of machines unable to run windows 7/8/9. Millions of people suddenly very interested in linux. MS isn't worried that people won't upgrade. They are worried that they will. Also, this may have to do with the Target malware as the afflicted POS machines appear to be running XP. lol, I meant to say that they will be installing linux on the old XP machines, without buying new hardware. There are plenty of tiny distros that could keep those XP machines running safely for many years. An invasion scenario came up far more recently, during the Quebec referendum: 1.Quebec separates from Canada. 2.Northing Quebec (Native) separates from south (French) 3.Protesters interrupt power lines through northern Quebec. 4.New York City goes dark. 5.US Paratroopers land in northern Quebec to restore NY power. Why? Because students today are focused on "doing well". That means getting good grades. Look at your tests, be them locally-created or standardized. How are they graded? Do students get good grades for debate or mechanically computing the right answer? Who? An American culture that constantly enforces a science v. arts dichotomy. I say American because in no other country is this split enshrined in language: Metric units for the scientists and English for everyone else. I say American because few other countries produce so many millionaires with zero science education. Look at your student's role models. Athletes. Celebs. Seth McFarlin. Politicians. Donald Trump. The American system does not reward scientific creativity in the same way it does social aptitude. Change would be painful, so painful that it cannot happen for a generation or two Just try suggesting highway signs be changed from mph to kph. And that's easy part. Canada uses the same scheme. It isn't incorrect, just different. A "supreme" court is one of general jurisdiction and are the highest court to which an issue may be brought (as opposed to appellate courts which do not hear issues directly). They are supreme over courts of limited jurisdiction such as family or probate courts. The US Supreme Court (federal) actually uses the same name scheme as New York and Canada. All district and appellate are limited geographically, with the supreme court being the only court of general jurisdiction (Amongst the fed. All US fed courts are technically limited). But some actions can still be brought directly to the SCOTUS such as disputes between states over land. So it is not purely an appellate court, hence the term supreme. Blink and you've missed it. Everyone has to go down eventually. 99.999999% up still means some down. Not stealth. Far to many flat 90/45* surfaces and corners. Nobody with any understanding of radar was involved in the design of that thing. Not supercavitating. Supercavitation is based on cavitation, not sucking down air from the surface. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercavitation . And the amount of energy needed to create a supercavitation void around those hulls ... The Shkval is essentially an underwater rocket and it still uses exhaust gases to top up the bubble in which it flies (see the little holes near the nose) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VA-111_Shkval . Not a hydrofoil. No foils. It looks to be a SWATH hull (Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull) another great Canadian invention. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small-waterplane-area_twin_hull Who did this guy know at Businessweek to get this sales pitched turned into an "article"? Ya, but that ship was an actual hydrofoil. The foils act like wings to generate lift from movement. The thing in the OP uses movable pontoons, buoyancy, to haul itself up regardless of speed. Note also that real hydrofoils angle their foils in parallel to the hull. It's essentially a dihedral effect like that of an airplane. As the ship lists one way, the foil on the downward side pushes more directly upwards, righting the ship. The 'foils' on the OP are mounted in the opposite manner, generating opposite effect. If they generated any actual lift the ship would flip instantly. Which was based on the real Sea Shadow. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Shadow_%28IX-529%29 They're pontoons on movable outriggers. Novel, but useless. An air envelope would certainly reduce friction but would basically kill buoyancy. Big metal tubes don't float in air. So without any real foils/wings to generate lift, even if a bubble could be formed, the pontoon would literally fall to the bottom of the bubble. Supercavitating hulls (ie the ShVal torpedo) suspend themselves within a bubble via their noses. They are moving so fast that the nose, the only spot where the torpedo touches the water, provides enough lift to keep the thing in the bubble. But you need rocket-like accelerations to keep this going. From their patent "whereby to provide propeller generated super-cavitated water flowing from the propellers and thence along an outer surface of said vehicle;" WTF? There is no such thing as super-cavitated water. Cavitation presupposes a CAVITY, a void ... something other than water. Maybe water with bubbles? Prop wash? http://www.google.com/patents/US20120097086 There is no general air defence these days. There are point installations protecting military targets, on military land, but there aren't batteries of missiles to defend large cities. If needed they launch intercept aircraft. (imho those military point defence installations are turned off most all of the time. See below.) Recently in Vancouver we hosted the woman's world cup. Joe Biden was in town. And so was this ( http://i.imgur.com/pvxYN49.jpg ). That's the USS Stockdale entering Vancouver port to provide him cover. It left port the day after he left town. All very quiet. Local news didn't speak of this big thing coming in unescorted. I only noticed after one of our boats went screaming by the dog beach ( http://i.imgur.com/G7lY9s4.jpg ) about half an hour before. It was probably leaving to make room at the dock. When the Stockdale left it was followed by a tug and a rib from the local cops... they probably learned about it at the same time I did. Stockdale's itinerary listing it docking in North Vancouver. http://www.uscarriers.net/ddg106history.htm The lack of air defence is probably a good thing. The error rate, the risk of shooting down something by accident, would be unacceptable. Agreed that there is less of a death by nuclear war. But today there is a far greater chance of being shot by a an armed squad of uniformed men driving armoured vehicles. It's really apples and oranges, but people still die at the hands of violence today as they did in the past. It might also be based on very practical things. The prez/vice always have a quick exit plan. The stockdale has a pair of helos that could have picked him up from anywhere in the city. That might mean they didn't have to lay on as many ground assets. Where is Saudi Arabia in this story? When I was there in the 90s I saw maps of time zones that listed Saudi Arabia as still using solar time. That was long after the official switch in the 60s. I understood the official "solar time" line as a nod to religion. Nobody was setting watches every sunset but the calls to prayer certainly moved with the sun. So the ubertooth isn't legal anymore? Doesn't locking down wifi radios basically outlaw software-defined radio (SDR)? How can SDR exist without infinite control over "modulation types"? I'm not sure that it is possible to truly lock down a radio to a particular modulation type. Transmitters aren't magic. They cannot be DRMed. They don't even run software. Send them the voltage and they send the signal. One cannot discuss long-term copyright without mentioning the mickey mouse graph. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20090811/0123105835.shtml Copyrights have been extended so many time that the legal system has forgotten how to deal with expiration. The concept of profitable works "falling" into public domain is strangely foreign to most IP lawyers. The problem with Echalon-type programs today is cultural. They were/are intelligence operations. But today "intelligence" has grown to encompass criminal investigations and targeted, violent, operations such as drone strikes. An intelligence operation does not need to be 100% accurate. Huge volumes of less-than-perfect data are examined by experts who then issue reports, opinions, on what is actually happening. The top report would be the sort of things included in a president's daily briefing. That was basic cold-war intelligence. Today's leaders expect surveillance to be absolute. They don't want "and increased likelihood of attack", they want "Mr. Smith will be onboard flight 123 at 2pm". That's the level you need to send a bunch of cops to lawfully and publicly arrest a specific person and take them to a court for prosecution. Such things require very different methods, methods for which ECHALON was never designed. I agree that they are overplayed for effect, but there is some math. I saw Kissinger explain it when asked about nukes killed the whole world ten times over. The math started with WWII Germany. They kept reasonably reliable records of where and when people died during allied air raids. So someone drew up a formula linking the tonnage of bombs dropped with the number of dead on the ground. This was then extended to nukes and their power measured in thousands (kilo) and millions (mega) of tons of TNT. So bombs with explosive power greater than all of WWII (a common description) could "kill" as many people as an entire war. Kissinger was correct in saying that all the bombs in the world would not, could not, destroy everyone ten or twenty times over. This false analogy was also part of debates during Vietnam. Many, on both sided of every argument, used the math to estimate the number killed by US bombing raids, ignoring the fact that German cities and Vietnam jungle are in no way analogous. The rule in the US is "It is income unless it isn't." Everything you receive from everyone is taxable income unless you can find a specific tax code saying that it isn't. Lottery winnings are taxable unless a section exempts them. Non-monitary prizes or awards from competitions are taxable. As with most tax law, this is necessary to prevent widespread avoidance. Nobody would pay any taxes if only money income was taxed. We'd revert to a barter economy wherever possible, defeating the purpose of taxation. (ir employer pays employees with physical good via a company store.) If all competition winnings were exempt, employers might pay people in gambling tokens simply to avoid them having to pay taxes. I'd rather presume that most of these contests are actually other bots designed to generate buzz to promote events or, more likely, harvest market research data. I have no sympathy for such devices and have no problem watching robots fight over cowboy hats. It seems to me that the intelligence communicate uses lie detectors less as tests for nefarious activities and more as personality tests. Let's assume that lie detectors actually work. To "pass" such a test you have to be reasonably certain about your answers. Have you ever passed information to the enemy: Yes/No? Is everything in your application truthful? Only some people can be completely secure about there answers. The more knowledge and experience a person has in an area, the more the likelihood that they cannot give that yes/no answer. So what they get is a bunch of young, mostly male, kids who are not the type to self examine. They are sure that they are correct, that they have done no wrong. That infeed might explain much of the direction that the community has taken in recent years. Yes. I'd stake that the majority of retweets today are in fact bots. See below... "OK. 1 more chance. If no one RTs, replies, or even talks about this tweet, I will donate £15,000 to a charity of your choice. Any questions?" --> 369 retweets, most by suspected bots. https://twitter.com/rickygervais/status/324632844829876224 Funny. Some brits look up to the Chinese system to educate their kids, but come time for university and every single Chinese parent would rather their kid go the oxbridge route than any chinese school. Perhaps this article should be more explicit in that it involves comparison between CHinese practices and those of a subset of British schools. I went to a british-style boys school, a rugby school. It was nothing like the one in this article. We did plenty of memorization. We paid attention and worked hard for many hours beyond what is expected of the kids in this article. By grade 12 I had actually read all the major Shakespeares, read them well enough to have opinions and write papers. (First year university was a total walk in comparison.) The brits need not go to china for inspiration. The accents in north america are split east-west, not north-south. I'm from Vancouver but whenever I am in the eastern US they think I'm from california because I don't sound have the ontario/maritime accent they recognize as "canadian". "aboot" doesn’t exist in the west. Never has. I'm not sure that a linguist would paint all of canada with one brush. Any linguist worth being called such should at least recognize a couple english-french divides. I've been told that my accent isn't so much a sound, but a mode of speech. You can spot the Canadians in LA because they are the ones using complete sentences. There is a certain neutrality to the western-canadian accent, much like that of Minnesota. Take the word Going or anything else ending with ing. In much of the US it is pronounced "goin", dropping the g. In the UK it has become "going-g" ... they add an extra g sound. Right in the middle are the canadians and minnesotans who pronounce the word as written. Canadians, watch this vid to see the similarity with minnesota: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-BCxjYoOl0 (I know this guy) Not bills. Loonies are dollar coins with a loon on the back. "Twonies" are the two-dollar coins with a polar bear. Canada traditionally uses animal imagery on money, a sort of reconciliation gesture given the french-english-native splits in the country. Animals were common ground. Fyi, the band Nickelback was Canadian. The non-wikipedia joke behind that name is the animal on the back of the canadian nickel. All welland good, but will this come in time to swing Texas in the next election? A great case, but I think it's beyond weatherproof and into the realm of waterproof or immersible. A weatherproof enclosure need not be sealed to such an extent. And there is an upside to not sealing. If you plan that water will somehow get in, say by including a drain hole on the 'down' side, then the inevitable crack or other slow leak won't result in catastrophic flooding. Why the assumption that an index must represent a market? Wikipedia def: "An index fund (also index tracker) is an investment fund ... that aims to replicate the movements of an index of a specific financial market, or a set of rules of ownership that are held constant, regardless of market conditions." The OP only discusses the former, not the later. I see the point that an indexed fund tied to a specific market, the narrower the better, may bring antitrust rules into play. But the later concept, that a indexed fund is simply a fund with fixed buy rules, need not get anywhere close to antitrust. They need not have a presence across any "market" as conceived by antitrust. How about an indexed fund with the rule: Own equal numbers of share from all publicly-traded social media firms, except facebook. Such an indexed fund might find lots of investors without getting anywhere close to antitrust. I think the very term "indexed fund" is an artifact. Indexed funds need not be tied to an index. They can still be "passive investing" without the index. "Antitrust" is a similar linguistic artifact as you can violate antitrust rules without any mention of trusts, I think it is far more complicated than that. Google cares about the ease of deploying fiber. That touches on who owned the poles, the layout of land ownership and a hundred other things not necessarily tied to regulatory burdens. There are times when too little regulation can frustrate such deployments. For instance, if all the poles are owned by traditional ISPs and there is no regulation mandating they grant access, Google is locked out. Ditto for apartment buildings without any law mandating they allow new ISPs to string wired inside "their" walls. Ease of doing or setting up a business is not always proportional to the number of laws on the books. If it were, there would be no need for antitrust rules. (My original comment was a take on the assumption that there is a tide of hipsters chasing Google fibre around the country.) Toronto? Not Trono? Ick, a third overlapping term. I would call purely quant funds a form of indexed funds in that they follow a specific set of rules. Those rules are whatever procedure, computer program, or other non-human algorithm is used to pick investments. Whether or not a quant fund is passive investment is semantics imho. I wouldn't call spending hours/days/weeks examining a quant funds system a passive activity. And investors can move in and out of funds quickly these days. On the other hand many see passivity wherever investors or fund managers put buy/sell decisions in the hands of non-humans. I wouldn’t use the phase "attempt to build the bomb". I wouldn't even call this an effort. I would label this as discussion or thought experiments. Drawing up a few blueprints for a centrifuge is no more an attempt to build a bomb than Project Daeidalus was an "attempt" to travel to another star. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Daedalus . The amount of effort necessary to build bombs during the 40s was ridiculous. Japan didn't have the industrial power. And I mean literal power as the manhatten project's Oak Ridge facility used something like 1/8th of US electricity at the time. "Electric energy consumption, courtesy of the TVA, was 20 percent higher than that of New York City. Oak Ridge used one-seventh of all the electricity produced in the United States" http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1652.html (not the best source, but reasonable given the context.) I'm all for discussion of ALL history but to bring forward claims that Japan was trying to build a bomb so close to the anniversary of its use against Japan smacks of guilt-motivated justification. Japan's "bomb" program was of absolutely no threat to allied forces and therefore should not be part of any debate over the use of nuclear weapons against Japan. If anything, a Japanese bomb program would have sucked up resources from other war efforts. More accurate headline: "SEC Adopts CEO Pay Ratio Rule, Five Years After It Became Law" "Today's vote comes five years after Congress approved the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which includes the pay ratio rule. The vote also comes nearly two years after the SEC formally proposed the requirement." http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/08/05/429628037/... (1) Research centrifuges for separating isotopes and a plant capable of creating enough for a bomb are different beasts. The former gives you the knowledge to understand the scope of the later. (2) I don't attack only the article itself, but also its timing in relation to the anniversary. Americans are questioning the actions of their fathers and grandfathers re Japan and WWII. Any opinionated or politicized articles appearing now must be judged in that context. (3) The article ends with the quote "If we'd built the bomb first, of course we would have used it. I'm glad, in some ways, that our facilities were destroyed." That quote is meant to leave the reader with the concept that Japan would have done the same as the US had the situation been reversed. Even more so, it suggests that at least one person in Japan welcomed the bombings. Those are justification arguments that, given the enormity of the context and timing, should be strictly scrutinized. I read somewhere that after being captured by the allies some german physicists were recorded speaking in disbelief about the bomb. They were under the impression that any bomb would have needed many many times as much enriched uranium (think tons) resulting in weapons too big for aircraft. That was an indication they hadn't done much criticality research with enriched material. I would argue that plutonium breeding is only obvious after you have performed some criticality experiments with an appreciable-sized block of enriched uranium. This was new physics at the time, without computer simulations. Bomb theory, critical mass, could only be understood after you get your hands on some enriched uranium. Yes. Any new articles at this time, particularly ones brining forward new or rarely-seen evidence should be put under a magnifying glass. The use of nukes by the US against japan is a backdrop against which all US military decisions are made today. Not all, only where authors so openly insert modern political views into historical situations. If this were a more detached examination of the Japanese bomb program then I probably would welcome the new information. >History and science would all grind to a halt if the first thing people would do to every article and paper is to check for political leanings. Yes. Given the scope of what's available today re WWII, everything beyond primary sources should be investigated. Nothing should be taken as fact simply because it is written down. If you start accepting facts simply because they are in some online article, you are down the road to the belief that lizard people run the world. Every author's background and political goals are relevant where they inject opinion atop original research. Benefits are all well and good, I'd just prefer the large tech employers work to employ more people rather than provide more to those that already have jobs. When these people are out on mat leave are they to be replaced by perma-temps on zero-hour contracts? There is also something to be said for pay over benefits. Pay is of equal value to all employees. Benefits like leave and 401ks are only valuable to some and can, if dominant over pay, lead to employers having undue influence over the lives of employees. I would add that the "Secret law" also encompasses the private deals struck between various organizations that have the full force and effect of law. For instance, I am often asked about the standards for DMCA takedowns and monitoring of content. I cannot turn to laws and cases. I have to glean information from patterns of activity. Youtube does X, and the MPAA aren't screaming mad about Youtube these days, so perhaps we also need to do X. Or, megaupload was doing X Y and Z. But a dozen other website were doing X and Y without a peep from US authorities. So I guess Z is the touchstone even though Z isn't mentioned anywhere in any law or case and wasn't even around when the laws were written. Perhaps attendees there as spies now outnumber actual enthusiasts. Perhaps they can now spy on each other and leave the rest of us alone. My advice goes one step further: Don't do user generated content without an ejection plan, a means to extract all the money and shut the doors instantly should you catch the eye of the mpaa or their ilk. Really? Is the need to get out and hook up the hose yourself really what's holding back electric cars? There is certainly a cool factor with this thing, but think about how it will work at a real fuel/charging station. The driver will only ever see it in a mirror. And it looks like the range of motion is very limited, requiring the plug to be within a 30x30cm box. A later model will probably have a greater range of motion but I cannot see that be any less cumbersome. Give me a wire and a plug. But maybe Tesla has done some market research. Maybe their target market is old people for whom getting out of the car is a real struggle. Maybe they fear large electrical cables more than rubber ones filled with gasoline. Or maybe they so distrust attendants that they prefer a mechanical octopus fuel their precious car ... until it misses the mark and does some actual damage to the paint. So it will seek out and plug in without driver input? I guess that would only work if they are in everyone's garage. Isn't there a smartphone ap that can remind owners if they part at home without connecting? That's how we end up with inflatable bbqs. This really looks like a rich person's toy, of no practical use. Many people have talked over the years about self-driving cars dropping people off and heading home. That sounds great in terms of the number of parking spots, and might make sense in cities where parking costs more than rent, but I cannot see how doubling the number of trips can reduce traffic congestion. The far simpler solution would be to install simple (ie cheap) chargers at each parking spot. Fyi (and don't take this as legal advice) such separation is a really good idea in terms of PII/PCI compliance. It is refreshing to see an article willing to speak about conflicting survivor accounts. Whether it's the holocaust, 9/11, Rwanda, or the killing fields, there is a tendency to treat every account as sacrosanct. Conflicting stories then become ammo for those looking to deny and discredit events. But open discussion and even speculation can increase confidence in a narrative. Apparently conflicting accounts often dovetail into each other, but to get to that point you have to be willing to criticize. Another bad day for Microsoft. Another good day for linux. A very interesting concept. I like the sea but hate cruising. For me, a cruise is basically a hotel pushed into international waters (or some other legal fiction) for purposes of cheap labour. But a freighter seems a different matter. I'm not saying that they pay people well, but at least taking care of me won't be their primary job. A freighter has a job, it has a purpose for going somewhere beyond labour laws. And I'd bet good money there is far less risk of norovirus on an freighter than on the floating retirement communities that are modern cruising. Nope. I mean desktop linux. Every time MS, or Apple, launch a new OS with silly fine print and non-removable malware I get people asking about linux. Actually, silly ToS language and spyware don't really matter. The entire update/versioning process with MS is so painful that distros like ubuntu start to seem the easier option. A very good response to Win10s inclusion of closed-source, proprietary, non-removable, everything-is-uploaded, "just trust us", spyware. Ubuntu isn't perfect, but it's far more trustworthy than anything MS has put out in recent decades. Law Students at a proper Law School /= "University Students" Law students are both sensitive and not. I remember many times students crying while we discussed cases of rape, child murder and domestic violence. As one prof pointed out: "We have over 100 people in the room. Statistically speaking we must have many rape victims, and more than a few perpetrators." Students cried, but they certainly did not suggest that topics not be taught. Students at professional schools (law/medicine etc) have committed to a profession with a known body of knowledge developed over hundreds, arguably thousands of years. They would not want that very expensive education to be curtailed for the very modern concept that is political correctness. I graduated 10+ years ago. The first tears I remember appeared in the first couple crimlaw lectures. I won't go into the facts, but it was a discussion of Keeler (2 Cal.3d 619) that ramped up the emotions for some. Take any law class. A hundred adults in their mid twenties in one room. That's fifty females. Chances are that at least one of them is pregnant, probably more than one. And there are plenty of parents of both genders. Nobody thinks less of them for being a little more emotional than the norm when forced to addresses certain cases. Nor would they expect the curriculum to be altered. After one assignment that involving stadiums, there was an unwritten rule at my school that exams would not rely on students knowing anything about american baseball teams. I do not think the pressure comes directly from the need for higher grades. I think it come from how those grades are created. I my academic history (highschool, undergrad, law school, now teaching) I only felt real stress where grades were incremental. Take my civpro class. We had an assignment after only three lectures, an assignment worth 5% of our grade. I had barely wrapped my head around law school and already my final grade, my scholarship, was on the line. I did poorly on that assignment, immediately chopping a few points off my final grade. On the other hand my crimlaw class had no assignments, just a big exam at the end. That class allowed me the time to figure things out and was much less stressful. The highschool kids I talk to today are in a constant panic. ((That's how I see it. For them it's just normal.)) Grades are ridiculously high, with class averages well north of 90%. So every test, every graded assignment, requires the focus of a final exam. They cannot afford diversion or outside learning. Each week is prep for the next test and each of those tests directly impacts their grade. Have a bad week, or even a bad afternoon, and it might stick with you for years. They don't dare read anything that isn't assigned for fear of not aligning with the teacher's "learning plan". If it didn't come from teacher it isn't on next week's test and is therefore useless. Imho this constant "exam mode" is the real source of stress. So drop the microtests. Give them the one big exam and let them relax and learn at their own pace the rest of the time. I certainly remember many students with that view. After first year they started carefully arranging courses and boasted about how they would never have to write another exam ... until the bar. I think I had a final for every course but LRW and a bioethics class. There are things that can be done within exams to counter those issues. For instance, the exams I set are heavily scaled. There may be 200 points available to be earned across 15 short essay questions. The raw scores generally fall between 45-90, which I then scale to set an acceptable average. So you can bomb or even skip questions and still be top of the class. Not much can be done if a student is sick on the day, but I would argue that multiple tests on multiple days only increases the likelihood of sickness during at least one test. Why does that diver have a gun? NYPD detective John Drzal looks like an idiot carrying a AR-15, without any apparent waterproofing, while wearing flippers and a dry suit. He is also using scuba, not a rebreather, so any potential target will see/hear him coming miles away. And is that a scope on that rifle? What possible scenario would require a police officer to carry an automatic weapon while scuba diving? Really. What job is he going to do? Hostage rescue, underwater? Or is he going to run out of the water rambo-style to arrest underage drinkers at the beach ... with a scuba tank on his back ... in flippers. (1) That's a lot of work for the prof. (2) Grade inflation is part of the problem. I don't see how taking only the higher grades helps this. Oh look. Another wealthy person lecturing on the wisdom he has learned through wealth, that wealth is secondary to happiness and should be avoided. For the rest of us, lack of money is the root of most stress. Those with dependants cannot simply remove them from our lives (where is this guys wife now?). Our lives are not diminished by opportunities lost because we spent too much time at the office. They are diminished because we don't have enough money to pay the bills --> because we are not able to spend time at the office --> underemployment. I actually believe the 10% reference. But I also believe that he isn't being honest about where it is from. I smell a spendthrift trust or investment property that his is milking (ie taking rents but not paying the mortgage.) If this sounds like a rant, it is. I'm spending all day doing RSA submissions. I do this to chase business/clients/pad my resume. It's yet more time spent chasing work rather than actually doing the work. Welcome to the gig economy. I actually saved up a small pile before law school. With a scholarship I graduated without student loans. I have no dependants and that was a choice by me. But I have had many clients for whom having children wasn't much of a choice. Even if it were, circumstances change and they cannot be cut away like an underwater mortgage. Wait a second. Aren't there actually two different pentagon shapes in use here? Look at the yellow and blue in the OP. They are actually mirror images of each other. Maybe a mathematician would say they are the same, but certainly not someone cutting tile for a bathroom floor. And if these were proteins trying to form a cell wall, that mirroring would be a serious hurdle. Ah. You learn something every day. I guess the guardian was therefore incorrect in their definition and should have said "congruent copies" ... but "copies" is also probably wrong. Congruent congruencies? >"If you can cover a flat surface using only identical copies of the same shape leaving neither gaps nor overlaps, then that shape is said to tile the plane." From my lay knowledge of space travel, they seem to have lots of other issues to address before, as the OP puts it, "structures will be produced in space that are much larger than what could currently fit into a launch fairing". Top of my list would be tidal forces in low orbit. It's microgravity, not zero gravity. If you extrude out a long structure it is going to bend ever so slightly. So you need either a brace (an existing big structure) or some sort of laser measurement to adjust the build process to compensate. >>>"In a vacuum there is no air to affect heat radiation" Shouldn't that be convection? Heat loss through radiation should be somewhat the same in a vacuum. Russia still does conscription. So all, well at least all MALE young people, do listen to propaganda and prepare for WW3. They do not have a choice. Does this in any way compare to the halifax explosion? Maybe a new record for accidental explosions? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halifax_Explosion Is mirroring also allowed when 'filling' a 3d space? (1) Those nasty things inside car batteries are easily recycled and in fact are recycled more often than not (like 95%+) (2) Car batteries do not last only 3-4 years as per the OP. Car batteries can last decades. There are many variables, but the car in my battery is far older than 4 years. (lol) (3) Replacing an easily-recyclable product with a less-recyclable one is no step forwards. (4) XX addressed by OP comment, see below XX This thing is a capacitor? What's the voltage potential in there? Any device with internals significantly beyond that may be a serious fire risk in a crash.. (5) Car batteries are not needlessly heavy, nor are they a stock size. Manufacturers do care about performance. If they thought the car could do with lighter battery they would use one. Have some respect for the thought behind stock engineering before replacing it. (6) Shutting down the voltage supply can be a real pain. A "dead" battery generally still has enough juice to keep electronics ticking over. Cutting it completely is not like turning off a switch. It often means resetting/rebooting stuff once the voltage is restored. For some (BMW) it can even mean a trip to the dealership for a special new battery ritual. http://www.bimmerforums.com/forum/showthread.php?1355106-Why... I was thinking about the internals. They might have components with higher potentials that are then regulated down to 12v. In a crash, those could be a source of high-voltage shorts that might be a source of ignition. Glad to see you are on top of the voltage/fire thing. But I still see these things as non-recyclable in comparison to industry-standard lead-acid batteries. I can drop my current battery off at any number of garages without issue. Once this new device inevitably breaks down (anything under a hood will eventually) it seems like just more e-waste. You might want to add language re battery orientation. It looks like your device doesn't care about up and down. That's a big deal for car people. They pay extra for a 'dry' battery that can be mounted in weird places and angles. And mention venting or lack thereof. That's another sticking point for people shopping for aftermarket batteries. Also, vibration testing if you have done any. Custom cars and offroad machines shake. Nobody wants a battery with internals that look like they might break loose. If you really want to sell a premium battery, create a motorcycle model. Sportbike owners are really into weight reductions and eat through batteries. It might as simple as a smaller plastic shell. No it did not. Read the WHO report. Any reference to chernobyl being "Uninhabitable" is more nuclear politics than scientific reality. Biking is fine if you are a prof at a college campus, or the boss of some hip startup, but I cannot arrive at work sweating through a horribly wrinkled suit. We don't have showers. I have yet to meet anyone who has communized by bike in my city (Vancouver BC) for more than a few years without a major altercation with a motorvehicle. It might be healthy, but it is also physically dangerous. I wonder if the different types of glass we use today would reduce that number. My new word for the day is "enucleation". For the love dogs do not look that one up on youtube. Neither. Other than a very few hot site, most all of the evacuated land is perfectly livable. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_no-threshold_model Is this all capitalization, or just publicly-traded companies? I suspect there is plenty of capitalization in china that isn't properly represented as it is not publicly traded. > I hope this marks a return of an innovative and competitive LucasArts. I don't see this as innovation. It's simply a continuation of the path towards higher and higher levels of eyecandy. Unless they put one in my living room, I cannot see this bringing any fundamental changes. I'd much rather them do some more cutting-edge writing, new ideas and concepts to make a game enjoyable beyond the demo. I want Tie Fighter + WingCommander:Privateer + Eve Online. I couldn't care less about realistic facial renderings. (Yes, I am aware of star citizen, but atm I am ready to drink that koolaid.) Except that most of the military do not walk around with fingers on triggers all day. That's a very small group of front-line combat people. Half the military rarely pick up a weapon. The air force, most all of the navy, most everyone in intel ... they aren't raiding desert compounds every night. I'm betting that a US base (in the US) probably has few guns per person than a typical US neighborhood. It might be counterintuitive, but I find MPs (military police) generally much more friendly and calm that the average civilian cop. Someone thought that apes couldn't control their breathing well enough to vocalize? Really? All mammals have pretty advanced control over their airways, otherwise we would be constantly inhaling nasty things. Carnivores need control to sniff (see wolves) and herbivores need to hold their breath to be quiet enough to hear the wolves (see deer). I'm about ready to say that all animal and human science from the 30s through the 50s should be tossed. From all birds mating for life, belly-dragging dinos, to apes that cannot hold their breath ... were they just making stuff up? Win a drought? This isn't chess. The wording should be 'survive', cope with or even struggle through. (Take that nature!) There is no winning. I was in California six months ago and was taken aback by the lack of worry. Nobody seemed to be doing anything. The lawns and fields were green, the backyard pools all full and people were washing cars like normal. I would argue that keeping things out of our airways is a little more advanced than just holding one's breath. Coughing up junk or dealing with water/swimming are common to mammals. Even swallowing requires coordination of the various parts beyond simply not breathing. I read a few years ago about a machine to allow paralyzed/comatose people to cough properly as this hugely reduces throat infections. 40+ million rain catchers (ie buckets attached to downspouts) would be a great start. I live in a far wetter city (vancouver) and loads of people are installing rainwater storage to ease the load during the summer. I think only a believer would get so physically close to such an animal. She isn't a person, nor a pet. I can understand her keepers not wanting unfamiliar people around if they might upset her. Or she, like humans, may not display the same behavior around strangers. Don't be shocked yet. I think it is safe to say that they do not have a full tally, nor have authorities any desire to publish such numbers until they have a literal body count. Be careful about the victimless label. Just because an individual action does not cause harm does not mean that it should not be punished as if it had. The act is the same. Whether or not someone is physically injured is largely a matter of luck. It would be horrific if punishments were handed out on that basis alone. A long time ago I read a statement from a judge sentencing two defendants for felony murder. They both shot and a man was dead, but there was a debate as to which bullet actually killed. "The only difference between the two was aim, and I am not going to let one off for being the poorer shot." The more appropriate word for such laws are "regulatory crimes". They are meant to regulate behavior to prevent or reduce an evil that does not occur in all cases. This covers everything from practicing medicine without a license to drug possession, neither of which necessarily cause a physical harm in every case. There are a couple of lawyers on this thread and, I suspect, also a few law students. Law is not all books. There is something physical about law school. It may not be as physical as med school, but the three-year process of getting the JD is more than a pile of textbooks. Interaction with students and professors, structured or not, is as important as the reading. It changes people. By third year you realize exactly how vast the practice is and no longer focus on the gritty aspects of constitutional debate. At some level punishments based on outcome are a practical necessity. We cannot lock up everyone who takes their eyes off the road and causes a minor accident. Even though we know the did everything necessary to cause catastrophic injury, we let them off. It's a balance between the modern concept of punishments based on state of mind and actions, and the oldschool concept of an eye for an eye, punishment based on outcome. I would disagree with the second sentence. I give more weight to a lawyer in regards to the law and politics. As lawyers they have put thousands of hours into studying these types of issues. I respect his/her opinion more in the same way I would respect any doctor's opinion on biological matters. Attention? Neuroscience? Talk about overthinking a problem. I lost respect for the article when it didn't use the word "noise" even once. There is a little bone/muscle combination in your ear (??Tensor Timpany??) that acts as a gain control. While you drive, the background road noise causes your ear to reduce its gain. This makes all noises seem less and protects your ear. Then when you stop/park the road noise is gone, the muscles relax, and the music now seems louder. So you turn the volume down because it is uncomfortably loud for you, not due to any sociological or neurological factors. This is why you need to turn the volume up in a convertible. It is also why people sing louder in the shower because, to them near the white noise of the water, they don't seem as loud. And this process causes stress onboard planes or other constantly-loud environments. That little muscle in your ear gets tired. Stress around loud noises is partially a physical rather than purely psychological stress. Is nasa doing this stuff in-house? I've never thought of nasa as experts on software beyond control systems. Have they brought in some gaming people to help with media relations? (1) Lawyer. Clients. Blackmail. Panic. Strategy. (2) Passwords+usernames repeated across websites (see adobe leak) Just One. The US has the greatest control over apple. From the US is it shared with the five eyes. GCHQ's oldboys network then passes it on to basically any European who asks, while one of the thousands entry-level "analysts" at the many US intel agencies passes it on to the Chinese. Then the next snowden leaks it to the guardian and every other paper still alive, half of which are under surveillance by various police groups. So within a week the only people who cannot read this text are 50% of us who aren't government employees. One keyring to rule them all. The OP talks of fewer kids having licenses. That has little to do with smartphones and technology. Beyond the increased costs, operating a car today is more emotionally expensive than ever. Driving is now a rationally terrifying experience for kids. 1) Traffic fines are no longer trivial. Beyond the money, if a teen is part of any graduated licensing program ANY ticket may delay them getting their full license many months. 2) Parking is dangerous. Wrong place or wrong time doesn't mean a simple ticket. Your car may be disappeared to some distant impound lot. The ransom demanded will likely be more than the vehicle's worth (at least given the junkers I had as a teenager). 3) Police encounters. The most likely place for a teen to interact negatively with an officer is during a "routine" traffic stop. Turn on the news. A minor incident can quickly spiral into days or weeks in jail. 4) Teenagers now fear failure above all else. A test failed is far worse than a test not taken. Teenagers are adverse to any test that isn't absolutely necessary. (See many threads here). So they avoid the DMV. 5) Cars increase mobility, but have you seen the streets in most cities? Gridlock makes people feel trapped. For a child in today's world of apparently constant violence, being stuck on a city street is scary. Whereas you or I might see a simple frustration, kids today see physical danger. Teenagers have plenty of reasons to avoid driving. It isn't because they once needed to physically move in order to communicate. It's because they have good reason to fear the road. Glad to see that this guy doesn't appear to be politically connected. So many astros are that I had assumed anyone taken into the program so late in their career would be related to a senator or three. It's nice to be proven wrong. But I remain under the impression that astro selection is very political. I think the astronauts are more patients than doctors. They are test subjects. Every move in space is carefully planned by committees on the ground. No doubt it is a demanding job requiring all sorts of skills, but it isn't the same as a surgeon. Absent some worst case scenarios, responsibility and decision making is far more shared.