Although I agree for the -webkit prefix implementation (this can cause no harm to the render of the web page), I disagree strongly with tweaking the user-agent. There's some features that simply cannot be tested with feature detection (the HTML5 Appcache and the tel:// URI scheme to name two of them but I'm sure there's more) and tweaking the user-agent might also break some web pages. I run a website in production where I test for the Chrome & Firefox user-agent to enable the appcache. I'm not saying that IE does not have any support on it (it's actually supported), it's just that I don't have the time to test fully the IE implementation to make sure that the user will have a web page that will be updated properly. So IE will still work but without any appcache (which is not a real issue). If they change their user-agent and their implementation of the feature is not 100% perfect, the website might not work properly. The principal difference is that the virtual machine contains everything whereas you can spawn a container for all the components of your infrastructure. - It's easy to restart a container if it crashed and container can be tested individually before being pushed in production. - An application will not mess with the configuration of another app (that's solving the problem of virtualenv, rvm and apt incompatibilities). - The application is not tight to a physical machine, a container can connect to another machine instead of the local one just by changing the routing or environment variables if everything is done properly. It's the UNIX philosophy applied to applications, everything must be as small as possible, do only one task and do it properly and I think that's part of docker's popularity. However like most things, it's not really magic and it must be designed and maintained properly to get all these benefits. I'm going to get downvoted for this but I cannot believe what I'm reading... we're talking about a nuclear attack involving inter-continental missiles. I'm far from an expert on this subject but I'm pretty sure you cannot build one in your garage on your own. (and especially not with a simple schema on a white board). One thing which makes me sad is the lack of structure of the Javascript API. Everything is now built using Javascript and the JS VM is not following any UNIX principles in its implementation. I would really like to have a UNIX-like JS API. A small example: let's say that you want to redirect the error output to the standard output. Since everything is a file descriptor on UNIX, you can just call dup2(2) and this won't have any repercussion on other parts of the program. You can also redirect any error to a file just by using this on a file descriptor you got from open (2). But in Javascript, everything is different, you have to redeclare console.error and hope that this won't break anything if some library is doing exactly the same thing as you somewhere. This is also the same problem with XMLHttpRequest and various javascript APIs. (including the File and Blob API to read files on the browser). It's not like they have a choice now, the other choice here is to shut down the company. That's also why they launched Firefox OS, they hope in the future to depend less on Google. (another french here). I sadly agree on everything said here... I would like to add that in my opinion, the main problem in France is that everything related to driving is now turned into a business. Usually the driving test is less about driving and more about how long they can keep you in the DMV to charge you money. There is not a lot of preparation to the driving test itself in order to fail the test the first time (so they can charge you after that). I've also seen verbal agreements between driving inspectors and DMV's (I guess this is easier to do on the country side). I exactly had the same idea... I would also add that this thing is going to be useless anyway because not all the websites are going to implement it. So you will have this header + the traditional blocker... It's totally unrelated but something I would really like to have right now would be a header with the average connection bandwidth (or just thresholds). This could be really useful to reduce the amount of data sent if the connection is really bad. This is totally unrelated to their code review software (I still have no idea what it does from the repository by the way) but I can't help to think from their domain ( http://review.ninja/ ) that somehow we crossed a line in the TLD business, this does not even looks like a legitimate url. I don't want to spoil their great "innovation patent" but Three.js has implemented this years ago ( http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Renderers/CanvasRenderer ). Looking at this reminds me how small some projects are when you put things in perspective. For example, most of the node.js project actually consists of less than ten developers. ( http://tomiaijo.github.io/github-treemaps/#/repository/21166... ). I don't understand, the sliders are doing nothing (Firefox 31), is that suppose to do anything ? By the way the contrast is really bad on the top menu and I have to hover everything to have an idea of the text. The last time I've tried (~ 1 month ago), there was no video support (unlike what you can see on the screenshot) but otherwise I would be happy to use it, anything would be more stable than skype anyway. Do you know any other alternatives ? (I will try to install the new version, it might work better) Yeah sure, if IE8 could display CSS properly, that would be the case but unfortunately even basic CSS is quite broken on IE8, it's not just graceful degradation. I'm not sure why I can't reply to the other comment. I also designed things on IE7 & IE8 and there is definitely some major problems on IE8 which cannot be solved magically by graceful degradation. I think that IE9 is generally fine however, if you design everything with graceful degradation in mind and the website is quite simple it should work (appart for weird borders around images sometimes, but it's fine with a bit of css). I've definitely experienced z-index bugs, floating bugs, padding bugs, display bugs (with inline & blocks) and core JavaScript bugs in IE8 which are making the website unusable. IE8 is definitely not IE9, while it's still better than IE7 and there is generally less issues, there is still IE8 specific work to do to make the website compatible. And depending of your strategy within the company, it might not be worth trying to fix these issues. (this is quite costly). It's indeed relevant. This is one of the biggest reason why monoculture and monsanto-like-GMO will never work (even if we knew how to properly create GMO, which is not the case and another subject). If you create a GMO which is targeted to kill some insects or plants, there is then a huge incentive due to the large size of the crops and the lack of diversity for a new kind of insect / plant to resist to this GMO, it would have a massive competitive advantage and could spread much more quickly. There is only a benefit in the first years you are using it until the environment is adapting itself. Yes but the size of the refugee is not large enough even in theory to cover the risks and in practice, the refugee crop is even smaller due to the loss of money by doing this. I'm not sure why you downvoted but one interesting detail is that current GMO's are not equivalent between them, unlike their traditional counterpart. There is huge differences between the same plants on the same crop and current GMO's are not stable (in the scientific term). That's what I mean by we know how to create GMO's properly with a reliable technique. This however might change in the future. It's partially related but something I would really like to have is a cross-website cache for public scripts. Around 80% of the size of the scripts is public libraries used by almost everyone (jquery, bootstrap, moment.js, various jquery plugins, angular...) and each of them is downloaded thousands of times. One simple solution could be something like this: This way the browser can have a look at the hash and not query the file at all. This could not lead to security issues since the hash saved by the browser is not the hash displayed but the one computed with the actual file. (and obviously you are only using the public attribute for scripts which are meant to be public). With this technique, the most popular libraries could be cached and not downloaded by users. The main goal of a technology like this is to help the caching of common scripts, not to cache your entire website. The only information you could have with this is that the browser already downloaded jquery from another website, that is not going to help that much. For french speakers who might not know, there is also the french equivalent of bash.org previously called bash-fr (now renamed to danstonchat) http://danstonchat.com/ , it also has a quite large community. (French native speaker here). From the developers I know (and that is still my case to some extent) people refer to the keywords as their function rather than their meaning. So when you see a 'while' or a 'for' loop, you just interpret it as a loop regardless of the original meaning of the word, it's not English anymore, it's just code blocks. But I'm wondering how it's interpreted from the point of view of a native speaker. I knew that the php interpreter was not very clever but the most surprising part is this one : There is actually a difference between "while (true)" and "while (\true)", and it's not even capable to optimize this as a standard JMP. I can't believe that really simple things like this are still not optimized in the interpreter. Yeah, I was wondering the same thing, why not just order a takeaway from the restaurant instead if you just don't want to cook, it's almost the same price and it's also pre-cooked. I also had the same problem, I've received 2/3 spams to the linkedin address in the past two weeks and never received any before. They are also passing the gmail filter which is quite impressive in itself. I feel this is a trend now with new projects, it's also the case in Node.js, Go and new Python packages. This can go as absurd as the package named "a" in npm ( https://www.npmjs.org/package/a ) which is used by a lot other packages. I also had some trouble to figure out what each package is suppose to do when using RoR. However, I would not say it's necessary easier in older languages when I see the amount of weird acronyms used in the Java world. I think the website illustrates perfectly what can be wrong with a landing page, I had absolutely no idea what the product is suppose to do. Is it a mocking api generating fake user data ? "A Simple Data API" is also to vague to get an idea on what the product is doing. (I had the answer when having a look at the footer but I'm not sure everyone will have a look at the footer). The pricing page is also really terrible, I see a list of prices for data types but I have no idea how it's actually billed. There is a small infobox on the bottom saying that I'm billed for each successful request, but that should be on the top since I had no idea what the price meant (the button is not inside the box as any pricing page by the way). It would be also nice to have a price average for the api, how much does it cost to look-up basic customer info on 1000 numbers ? I have to use a calculator to answer that. (By the way does it work outside the US ? I can only see US phone formats and zip codes). I see absolutely nothing interesting here, it's just an error management with an error list. I'm pretty sure that I have similar handlers in my own code too. You can even find this pattern in strerror.c which is handeling errno.h [1]. this is a really old concept. [1] http://opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-926/libiberty/str... I don't really know what will happen with this case but cases like this are the reason I never try to contact anyone on security flaws. Sometimes just when browsing the web, I click on a wrong link or a button in an unexpected way and I see what must be security flaw. When you studied a bit in this domain, you _know_ that there is something. I never tried to contact anyone anyway because I have absolutely nothing to win. After all, if their server is exploited I'm not liable in any ways but they can try to sue me if I contact them. We use OneDrive for business at work (I'm not sure it's exactly the same as OneDrive under the hood though) and I can't say I had the same experience. - There is no Linux/OSX client unlike DropBox (the OSX client only works for OneDrive and not OneDrive for business) so it's unusable with servers or environments with a lot of OSX machines. (so most enterprise usage) - There is a list of approved file types and if your file is not on the list, it just refuses to sync it. This is really annoying because I need to create zip files all the time to bypass this bug. - OneDrive modifies certain file types (like word document but also others) to add metadata on it so you never know if the file you are getting is exactly the same as the one you synchronized. - We experienced bugs in the permission system which destroyed couple of files (thankfully we had backups). The only positive thing with OneDrive is that it's integrated with Office 365 (it's the equivalent to Google Drive for Gmail) so you can preview files directly within your web browser on Office 365 (when it works because sometimes you just can't). I would have a choice, I would return to Dropbox without any hesitation. React is not really like Angular, you can use it to improve a page by adding new components, you don't have to use React for everything like you would do with Angular. But yeah, I'm not really a huge fan of the template system either and the whole jsx thing is not really convenient. Looks nice but it does not work for me, it seems to load forever. By the way, I've noticed a small bug, the website seems to try to load http://localhost:35729/livereload.js so you should check your sources to modify this to the production URL. This is really interesting ! I'm currently working in my company heavily with offline html5 features. The assumptions are not really the same as this framework on my case since on my case the app will probably be 95% of the time in an offline mode. I've created a small library which is making the html5 manifest much easier to work with so I can put http headers like commands inside it. The client is checking with an interval to update the app and there is a built-in loading bar to show the download. This supports also an additional client-side api to make things easier. Here is a gist of how it looks like currently : https://gist.github.com/alex-min/1bbc304ad9b96bdf5c96 I think I could see if I can open-source it if that's interesting for some people. But this library seems really nice, I will have a look since the synchronization of objects seems really well done. (from the demo page). I agree, and the blurry image weight approximately 678KB (~88% of the size in bytes of the whole page). I'm sure there are less costly ways to create a fake page or to show that you are not allowed to view the page. I really don't understand how it is a problem, these options are surely useful for a portion of the userbase otherwise they would not be displayed. I'm pretty sure people browsing with a 33k modem connection would enjoy disabling images so everything could be faster and you can find examples for any item of this list. All these options are under the configuration menu anyway so no inexperienced user are not going to go in this menu anyway... I don't really see the point this article is trying to make. "Street feeding is one of the worst things to do, because it keeps people in homeless status," Oh yeah sure, they're homeless because they are asking for food, that's their own fault for staying homeless and not the fault of the society. This is very convenient. Or maybe they just go to food sharing programs because they are hungry and that's their only option ? Who knows... I'm quite disappointed by this presentation, I see only new syntax everywhere for approximately zero benefit. There is not even any mention to the Object.observe integration which would be the most exiting feature to improve Angular apps. Angular looks and feels now like a Java framework, with ugly decorators and bloated APIs, that's really sad... The quality automated translation is not really there yet and Google translate won't have the context of your app anyway. There is also lots of other small details on how people are going to use your app. For example in some countries, the last name is supposed to be put before the first name and if you put it the other way around, you would still have ~15/20% of people which would put their last name on the first field anyway regardless how it's labeled. That is a very good list. I would also add to this list that unlike what people think, numbers are not necessary following each other (they can be completely random), the even/odd rule might also not be respected and the building number can also contain letters. I'm taking advantage of the fact that there's a few Mozilla developers around to say a big thank you to the team. I've never used most of the features of the developer edition except the console and everything is great on this developer edition. I'm a proud owner of a Firefox OS phone and the simulator is really good and fast, I think I'm going to make an app or two during my spare time ! A big thank you to all the team for your great work ! I feel exactly the opposite, I've downloaded the Developer Edition which they released a few days ago and I've never seen a browser so fast, it feels much faster than chrome on my machine, I can't wait to have all the beta improvements merged into the standard version ! I guess you are living in a parallel universe. The fact that the president is issued from an ethic minority changes absolutely nothing to system. The power is still concentrated in a few hands and lobby groups are dominating everything. As we saw in the past few years, even in a "nation of laws" as you say it, the laws are only in practice mostly applied to constraint the freedom of citizens (Is the massive electronic surveillance done by the NSA is just to make sure that everyone is a good and loyal citizen ?). Isn't crypto.getRandomValues created just for this purpose ? I've also done some JEE quite a long time ago and I hated every second of it. I'm not sure however if my experience is representative of the the Java community. There is no problem with the language itself nor the VM which is also working quite fine (while taking a lot of RAM). But I really have a problem with the community, everything seems over-engineered and super complicated in Java, even with simple things. Nothing works by default, you always have to include stuff here and there, write one or two xml files before anything would work, I'm fine with configuration but I should at least work by default. Maven is a nightmare to use, it's so complicated I would generally not use it. I would just like a package manager which is only doing packages like any other language. The main problem with the Java community in my own opinion is they are building pyramids while other languages are building stuff out of bricks, it's the opposite of the UNIX philosophy. I would probably be interested (we are selling connected products in my company) but unfortunately there is no screenshots so it's hard to figure out what the company is exactly doing. I subscribed to the mailing-list anyway just in case. Could someone of the company provide some details on what the product is doing ? (if the OP is from the company), it might be useful to other people. Thanks, that's really nice, I'm looking forward to test the product ! Indeed, I believe that is going to happen this way. But in the same time, it's a strong signal to avoid to do software related business in Russia. The blocking works both ways. Just look at what happened in China, they do have their own tools and networks but almost nobody is outsourcing work to China compared to other countries. Yeah but this is an artificial construction which only exists on paper, in reality, Google is indeed making profit in the UK, that's the point. I also agree, the only way I would use environment variables is for global configuration like HTTP_PROXY for example, otherwise I still prefer arguments, at least there is no surprises. The only way to force a reset is to query the manifest and receive a status not equal to 200. If your application is stuck to an old version, this is the only way to update it. And Firefox is considering the manifest as a normal cache so you need to put a lot of http headers to prevent any normal cache otherwise Firefox will never check any updates. When I read articles like these, it always makes me sad to see the amount of incredibly complex technologies dedicated to advertising. I hate to be that guy but I'm sure these resources could have a better usage. Yeah I know... It's even worse than that actually, since advertising is not a zero sum game (if you have two companies with 50% market share, they will get less compared to a company with all the market), any alternative would just decrease significantly the value of advertising and therefore, no alternative can emerge. That is why there is no option to pay for Google services instead of the tracking. I don't think there is any solution to this, unless the share of AdBlock users would reach a tremendous level. I also have the exact same opinion, unless the company is fixing their terrible policies, I just won't develop anything for the iphone, the risk is just too high to work on iOS. I would more refer English as "the language to communicate internationally" rather than "the international language". The distinction is quite important actually and people speaking English as a secondary language are generally dealing in some way or an other with international business (this is also the case of computing). The proportion of secondary language is really unequally distributed. When you go out of these domains, the number of speakers drop really significantly. The truth is most people will never speak English in any ways because they don't need it on a day to day basis, the real world is not exactly reflecting a business lecture where everything is international. English is not a native language there, it should be obvious that most people can't/won't speak English and English can be used only when you can't speak the local language. It's not unique to France but also the case of Spain, Italy and most non-English speaking countries to be fair, the world is not only made of English speaking countries. It depends on your point of view, I could bring up similar arguments with Chrome. There is still no way in Chrome to open more than 25 tabs without the tabs being so small we can't see them and the Settings page of Chrome is not an example of clean UI either. And what's the alternative ? The world is not the United States, in most countries of the world, there is simply no legal way to get a movie/tv show on the Internet. I'm not even talking about 3rd world countries here, Netflix (the only service which is good enough to compare to Torrents) just barely arrived in Europe and their list of movies is so poor, it's not even worth talking about it. Torrents are not working only because it's free but because it's the easier/only option in most places. Actually that's not true anymore : http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0039.html . All the answers here are really good. I would just add some advice for your new job (if you choose to change) : Always ask for a detailed presentation of the product and the current work in the interview. First, that is showing them that you are interested in the job and everyone like talking about their work but even more important than that, they cannot hide anything. You will see instantly from what they do currently and how they present it which type of company they are, you will see any management issues, how good everything is done and how they care about their product(s). Nothing can be hidden this way. As a software developer you have a tremendous choice about the type of company you will work, so life is too short too work in a company you don't like ! I would be really surprised if this kind of software could be used accurately in any way. Especially on the vocal recognition part. As any kind of neural network technology, vocal recognition needs a lot of training input to work properly. As the web is primarily a text-based medium, this kind of technology works very well in languages where the spoken language is close to the written one (that's why it works quite well in English for example) but it's going to be really hard for languages where the spoken & written forms have taken a completely separated route. There is still no Android app so I'm not sure we can consider it as an alternative. They are not playing on the same market, node-webkit is about creating native apps with node + webkit + web technologies. As an example, Popcorn Time is built with node-webkit. Everyone is saying that North Korea is a bloody dictatorship where people are starving to death. Medias, scientists, tourists who were there (yes, you can actually go there), geopoliticians, ... There is just some evidence everywhere. There is no conspiracy about North Korea and this has nothing to do with capitalism. They have giant statues of their leader and a massive painting of him in the most prestigious place of the country. On official articles, the leader is mentioned everywhere. They manufacture 'pins' with the face of the leader on it and everyone is wearing it. There is painting of the leader in almost every house. (do I need to continue ?) Not to mention the democratic problem of having 10 people weighting so much into the balance. Every web developer I know is using Sublime and all the videos you see on Youtube about frameworks are also using Sublime. So it's clearly one of the favorite text editor here. You can downvote me if you want, just have a look on youtube tutorials on web/javascript frameworks and see for yourself. I does not matter until you are a journalist investigating on some issues with the country, it happened multiple times. It will be the same problem as with current DRM techniques. It works now because it's still not fragmented yet. You will have your content available with your computer with particular updates and browser versions and for some reasons, it will never work with some combination of hardware + OS + driver + browser + country (especially with phones) and the result is people are going to pirate it anyway because it just works all the time, as always. I hate to be that guy, but when you see the twitter account, you only have some reports of tweets like this, that's not how the situation is going to be improved. I agree it's outrageous to see people like this, but their twitter account is effectively completely useless to promote their message, I have to scroll down ~100 tweet to have something useful about video games. Their twitter account is effectively doing some publicity to this kind of message by posting only this kind of content. Please do a constructive comment instead of downvoting me, I'm not posting any spam here. I just fail to see how only posting this kind of tweets is going to promote their cause in any ways, just have a look at their twitter account. Sadly there is just no way to prevent a language to evolve, even with an official language body. As a French speaker, they tried that with a very conservative body which is deciding what is good and what is wrong (Académie française). The result is that the written language is now separated from the spoken language and both evolved separately. (that's also why the vocal recognition in French does not work well but that's another story). So the alternative is much worse than just accepting that the language is changing. If you want to install extensions on a mobile device, there is no much choice. It's just that you can resize everything while still keeping the same portions with the A* paper while with the US formats you just have to redesign everything. Yes exactly and from my experience it's really the best browser available on Windows XP. I've even seen myself a Windows XP with Firefox installed in a shop just a few days ago. I also have the same problem for the repaint window on Chrome, it's a really annoying bug and I have to close it and re-open it every time I lock my computer, Chrome simply cannot work properly when I unlock the computer again. For people complaining about the memory usage and using adblock, uBlock really solves everything, it's really night and day. Steam is bringing so much money to the company, I guess they no longer feel the pressure of publishing new games and new concepts like in the old days. They just release a few hats on Team Fortress from time to time and work on fun projects in the mean time I imagine. If you want to improve the quality of Firefox, there is a simple way to do it, just download Firefox Beta for Android and Firefox Beta for your computer, it's helping them to improve the quality of the stable releases. It's a really easy step to help Mozilla without changing anything to your habits. High salary yes but until you get in a jail for a random reason and then it's just a number on your bank account. There is not only the privacy inside Facebook but also outside facebook. People are generally aware of what they give inside Facebook but I'm not sure most people expect Facebook to store their entire web history with dodgy techniques. Yes exactly, the like "button" is in reality an IFrame. And there is also Facebook Comments and Facebook Connect. There is no proof that they are keeping the full log as far as I know but since their advertising business is eager to get more information about their users, there is a strong incentive to do it. In any case, they are probably logging every request to Facebook so they could use that in the future if they wanted to. I also use this one, it's really well done and works very well. currently everything is in plaintext so having to do a man-in-the-middle to read what's going on is already an improvement. Yeah, I can confirm this comment... We are using OneDrive for Business for various reasons, I strongly advice to stay away from OneDrive for Business if you can... I sadly had the same experience as this guy. I guess when you are a standard user browsing the web, everything works fine on windows, but if you are a web developer it's just a nightmare. There is always something to install which is not there, I have to install tons of drivers, Putty, WinCSP, a decent terminal (cmd.exe is just unusable), WAMP, python, various python libraries, perl, node.js (lots of front-end tools needs it now), Cygwin (otherwise it's impossible to do anything with the base programs), wget.exe, 7zip, notepad++ (the built-in notepad does not handle newlines properly), git, setup bash aliases, emacs, Firefox ... (the list can be expanded). So yeah, you can code on Windows, but you are basically fighting with the system all the time to install everything you need. I've seen a radical effect on the usage Talk due to this. Only my tech-savvy friends would use Google Talk previously and the others would use Facebook. Since the push from Google to use Hangout, nobody I know is using Hangout or Google Talk anymore and it looks like everyone switched to Facebook/Whatsapp on my contact list. I don't even open the chat anymore. I'm quite curious, why document.write is so hard to implement compared to other methods ? Is it not working a bit like innerHTML ? Actually there is no evidence of this, a good proportion of of the food produced is actually used to feed animals which is the most inefficient way to produce food. Just by eating less meat (which makes sense because we are not supposed to eat so much meat), suddenly we don't need to product so much. The actual price of the food is so low currently that what you pay in a supermarket is mostly the externalities. Switching to cleaner methods would not lead to starvation providing that we would eat differently. Yeah, that's the main problem I guess, the system is providing people what they want but not what they need. It works like any other market, the consumers want cheap meat so the industry is providing cheap meat. The whole industry is then shaped to solve the wrong problem. They don't even need to fully switch to vegetarianism for it to work but they need to understand that eating meat once in a while is healthier and more reasonable than having a diet based on eating meat every day. That's mainly an issue with the poverty of the English language, in most languages, they are categories of criminals and they are called differently. Oh yeah sure, there is tons of words to describe criminals, but the problem is the word "criminal" itself works for all of them, if you look at the news and how people speak, you never see those words, you only see "it's a crime to do something" or "this guy is a "criminal". It depends, sometimes the words they invent fit quite naturally into the language and people tend to use them and sometimes they just invent something unpronounceable and obviously nobody is using those words and use the English word as a replacement instead. Sometimes they are even counter-productive. People are not using the English word anyway and they want to replace the French word people are using with another one. Example: instead of 'offline', the academy recommends '(mode) autonome' but people are already using 'déconnecté' or 'hors-ligne' instead, so it does not make sense at all. (French here). The only one I can think of is that a lot of people are saying "La WiFi" (feminine) instead of "Le WiFi" (masculine). For some brands, it can also be quite random since all the game consoles I can think of are using the feminine gender. Maybe that's part of the issue, websites don't needs 5MB worth of images to look good. The article you linked is saying the opposite of what you are writing here, look at the second paragraph, some restaurants are indeed doing it. You need this consumers laws because otherwise some people are going to take advantage of it, that's how it works. Even in Rocket Internet, the value is mostly in the execution, they have the resources and the expertise to copy any kind of project and they can create a whole team from scratch really quickly. And they are not going to spend anything on an unproven idea, before being copied by Rocket Internet you have definitely more important things to worry about. I will just mention Sysdig for the ones who don't know about it already ( http://www.sysdig.org/ ). It's really the swiss knife of monitoring tools, you can have any kind of information you can think of. If you have not already installed it, give it a try ! Yes exactly, and if I remember correctly (my C language memory is starting to fade these days), there is even a flag to reuse the same socket when the program open again (SO_REUSEADDR ?). Keeping a windows machine virus-free/crapware free is really really difficult. There is always something which is installing something else. The best I've found to manage it is to check regularly using Malwarebytes and using Glasswire to monitor the network connections, but yes, it's far from ideal. That's the point, botnets are not mainly composed of computers used by technical users. I've worked on this kind of device. You can rarely use them directly anyway, you need some kind of reverse-proxy/caching to use them otherwise they will crash if to many people are connecting on it directly. Anyway, these kind of device are rarely connected to the outside world so on the worst case, HTTP is still not a problem on an internal network.