Spaced repetition is the way your brain stores everything, even abstract ideas, mathematics,etc. You can only remember anything either by having repeated exposure to it, or having it really connected to some other memory of yours. Also, you seem to underestimate the importance of having encyclopedic knowledge. I agree that it is not useful to have random facts in your mind, but passive knowledge is extremely important - like even on topics you are not well-informed about, having learnt something about it in the past will put you in a much more open-minded position on it. If people were to remember some really basic biology from high school, they would be much less open to bullshit like “alternative medicine”,anti-vaccines, etc. Which is absolutely null compared to their income, and does close to absolutely nothing to benefit society - it is only there so they can feel good about themselves. No? Android phones are full of binary blob drivers, etc. It is phone specific whether you can do that or not. There is a global config and a user-specific one. So every user can install (without root) their set of packages and their PATH will be changed accordingly. You probably tried to add firefox to your local one - which should be good enough. I wouldn’t really want a program to auto-update the global configurarion.nix No matter how I count, I see only two viable platforms for everyday use in a mobile device. Please enlighten me with the other options (and yeah, I do know about pinephones, and I even own one, but it needs quite a bit of love (not talking about it having an inferior hardware - since I would like to use my phone as a portable camera as well)) Hmm, like disallow them in the AppStore but allow sideloading apps, even an alternative app store - and then put a large banner that it is insecure blabla that the user can ignore if he/she so chooses. Or allow it only with some developer mode for which a user would have to touch something n times , like it is on Android. So those who don’t know what is it all about can stay in their walled garden, while the rest can use their goddamn 1000 dollar phone the way they want The AppStore has every right to publish only apps they deem rightfull - so there would be absolutely no change there. Yet, apple should not be able to disallow me from using my device in any way I want to - that is I should be able to sideload anything, make it an alternative app store or a simple app. They are even free to hide that option from regular users so the security of them won’t be harmed - they can’t install malware with 2 clicks because there will be 4 apple prompts explaining why it’s a bad idea. But I get to install a prog language interpreter or a proper browser - so win-win (other than apple’s profits, but I couldn’t care less) There is a misunderstanding of market will choose the best competitor. A competition in of itself is not fair, it needs heavy regulation to become fair - like a running contest could be won by anyone if they were to shoot the other contenders. And this is what happens in unregulated markets - we’ve got an oligopoly, with a really high bar to enter - basically impossible for a newcomer (note that even Microsoft failed to enter it). So there should absolutely be some government regulation to make it fair - and it is not overreach. It is simply no longer Apple’s decision, since it is practically a public service in part, as you noted. Because if you want to enter the mobile market you HAVE to? This “the customers will choose the best” thing has never been true, even in its source. The context is “in a fair competition between competing products” (which won’t be true again, because humans are not rational - otherwise marketing would not matter) Also, it’s not like I have any chance ever to compete with Apple, even if I were to be the cleverest people on Earth. Not op, but hardware and UX-wise they do a great job. Photo-taking is especially good which is pretty important on a mobile. Also, their phones will be supported for a remarkable number of years, while retaining their price on second hand markets. It doesn’t excuse them from letting me use my phone as I want to. I don’t see how allowing sideloading wouldn’t be a solution for both sides. I deeply agree with your last paragraph, but the first one is quite naive. It is simply their PR “mission”, their only real mission is the good ol’ dollar, nothing more. Well, I don’t feel inprisoned, but nor am I completely happy with this phone. iSH is really great, and is a must - and so would several other app which can’t exist here. It’s not a desire, it is a must. There are certain kinds of application that simply would be meaningless, if they could not target 50% of the population. Like what would a messenger clone do with only half the people? (And I am fairly sure, that if nothing else, financially most apps or app ideas are in this category) We agree on your last point, an open platform should finally emerge (and it is pretty much happening with pinephone) - but it would be a fairy tale to believe that it can gain foothold in the recent future against these monster corps You forget about the splitting of developers were a new project to emerge. Microsoft failed, partly because it was as of yet not a big enough platform to target by other developers - they have enought things to do with android and apple. A new platform can’t emerge unless there is some incentive for developers to target it. Linux phones are in a special circumstance, because apps are developer for them out of a hobby. But phones are a main social device, you can’t have one that doesn’t have your bank’s app on it for example. Linux phones must emulate android (and it is sort of working, fortunately) to remain afloat. Oh, if it was the only bad thing he done - but the work conditions are terrible at his factories, he actively sabotages unions, he is absolutely just sells this engineer image of him: he is NOT a founder of tesla, he simply bought the title, he takes credit for his workers’ accomplishments, the only thing he engineered in tesla for example is some design work. He also sells himself as a self-made millionare, while his father has an emerald mine in South Africa. So basically he is a narcissist scammer. Why? Like, seriously. Telemetry is useful, and I am more than happy to provide them with some useful metrics so they know what to improve on - since I can’t really help with the code itself, since it is an insanely huge project. It’s not like they use it to build a profile of you, as goddamn chrome does. I feel that whatever Mozilla does can never be good enough for some people, even though they are one of the most important players in the “fight” of OSS. Just think about it, linux is only usable as a desktop OS because most of the desktop apps migrated to the web - and firefox is the only free browser that is actually capable, as well as the only engine that is not google-controlled. We should support them as much as we can. Then let a bunch of rabid wild animals in your place, as that is what the only alternative is (every chromium based browser). Also, it is a click-bait, out of date article without much truth to it, don’t believe everything you read online That’s strange, though probably due to dart being a small language. For java and kotlin intellij absolutely blows visual studio out of the water and you really can program with only pressing ctrl+space Just because someone cheated in an online game doesn’t mean that he should not be able to play his offline games. Imo it’t not Steam’s place to decide Whaat, I would not call intellij unbelievably fast, but it is a resource hog because it does a million thing at once. Compare it to visual studio, which is something that barely works and has inferior auto-complete, etc. An electron app of that complexity would require a supercomputer to even start That’s a bad take. If facebook would be your ordinary pop&mom shop, you would be right. But as it stands, it is currently used as the only news’ source, communication method for a great majority of many countries’ residents - at which point it should not be exempt of questioning what their algorithm places in front of everyone - as it demonstratebly changes people’s biases/opinion on important topics. The relevant code resides in libinput, and it can be used as “input source” for xserver as well. Sorry, but this is a really self-centric view on the issue. It is absolutely not an individual choice, and it should not be. Also, it is a hyperbole to compare it to “if it saves even one live”, when in reality you have to wear a mask to decrease the R rate, so that the country’s hospitals doesn’t get absolutely flooded with people due to the exponential rate of the infection - making them unable to cure people even if they were to need treatment for other reasons then covid. So basically, in order to have working modern medicine, everyone has to wear masks.. I’m sorry but it’s not like a bug in cp or something. It is kind of a big and complicated source where you (pardon me if I’m wrong) can only modify things if you are familiar with the code base. And since most of the actual people who were familiar with the code base left it (because they think it is not worth it, due to the architectural mismatch between Xorg’s model and current hardware), I doubt it would be trivial to fork/debug it. There are ways to do all these things but they are compositor agnostic - which frankly makes sense. I don’t want a random app running on my desktop querying these informations in a hacky way, while the whole of this information is stored nicely in memory by the compositor. They just simply have to provide an API for that - and that’s the beauty of wayland - they let the compositor implement any number of custom apis and the app can query which ones are supported by the compositor and vice versa. Well, yes. Wayland is a display protocol and it does its work splendidly. X11 does a lot more than display management, and those things should not be put into the display manager yet again as it is a mistake. As you can see in this thread, resizing in gnome on wayland looks like this ( https://i.imgur.com/kaS9nVr.mp4 ), which compared to MacOS ( https://imgur.com/EAPzmKC ) is lightyears behind in terms of smoothness (as reported in the same thread, wayland-comparable performance is observed on windows as well). What I can think of as a difference is that Wayland sends resize requests on each mouse-move event, while MacOS MAY do some sort of clever hack. Maybe they try to predict mouse movement and only ask for a subset of all sizes of the window from the application? Is anyone familiar with what happens here, in depth? Nix doesn’t sandbox applications, it is basically only patches the ELF header so that it links to nix store entries instead of /usr/lib when it comes to shared libs. So While I don’t have benchmarks, it is basically in the same ballpark as Arch programs. It is only required because /nix is hardcoded (but only to make using binary caches possible). Later on, writing to this store is done by a nix user, and install can be issued by a normal user. Both. You get to use packages others have written the same way as you do on arch. And you can also decleratively specify your build environkent, or override some attributes like apply a custom patch in a package someone else wrote. But you are just as not required to learn nix, as you don’t need to know how to write a .deb package to use ubuntu But you simply don’t have to worry about it. You test it on the next LTS release of nixpkgs and that’s it. Your user may download a bit more data, but I found that nix is lightyears faster then fedora’s build tool, and on par with arch, while not polluting the whole filesystem with random files. I don’t see where would you need more maintainance. Because they do a ton of things and are full-featured IDEs. Of course it takes more resource than a vim or vscode instance which are only code editors Honestly, DLL hell is currently only a solved problem by nix and guix and at this point onwards, I don’t see much point in not porting everything over to the nix way of maintaining packages. How many require hospitalization? Because that number will easily overflow the available healthcare services increasing death of all other conditions.. It’s not that hard to understand Depending on the context of the program, both can be more comfortable. Pointers/enumerators? 0-based Heavy math problem? 1-based I believe there is a few languages which can let you set it Well, if an aimbot is only statistically as good as a good human player, does it matter anymore whether the player actually plays or a good bot? If it is only as good as a real player than it won’t be invincible and will be equivalent to playing with a few AIs in a multiplayer game - which already happens. Also, I believe the exact mouse movement will not be the same for a human and an aimbot - so not only statistics can be used to ban players Why would letting another app store be installable on an iphone make your mom not able to just use App Store the same way she does it now? It’s simply not an either or question. It could be hidden the same way as developer options are in Android so your mon - with all due respect - will never accidentally enable side-loading, while I can actually use my phone for whatever I want. That is absolutely irrelevant to the point. But there is now an actual solution to dependency hell: nix and guix deterministic build tools. Though I agree with you that binary compatibility itself is/was not that stable on linux as it was on windows. Believing that the Earth is flat is mostly harmless. Believing that vaccines cause autism, that covid is a hoax, etc is actively harmful to society and actually kills people (more often then not not the one who believe it in the first place). Not who you are replying, but fair points, and there is obviously a really important question at hands, that is trust. No one person can hold all the information, discoveries we have accumulated over the years, so we ultimately rely on the belief that someone we respect is trustworthy. And the thing to notice here is that even an astrophysicist can only BELIEVE that gravity exists, when asked even though they could most probably prove it if needed. With these things aside, the both sides mentality stops being applicable at a certain point. While one side can show you thousands of evidence that a certain cure does work, the other side shows one questionable example of it not working and it is enough for their believers. So as to answer the specific case with antivaxxers: I will not engage with such an argument because they in fact have no scientific leg to stand on automatically. For to have any meaningful debate, we would have to talk about a specific vaccine that may or may not be safe. If we have such a strong statement (in a mathematical sense) that ALL instance of something is a given property, is ought to not be true in a mathematical sense - and without understanding probabilities there is no point in arguing. Wayland is a display protocol, and the base of that protocol is deliberately really minimalistic - it’s there so different programs understanding the protocol can draw their rectangular windows on to the screen and that’s it. But Wayland developers did think of additional requirements but were thinking that ad hoc inventing something that may or may not be implemented downstream would be a bad idea (it is), so they created a standard way of adding extensions to the base protocol - which are created with cooperation between major desktop environments - the actual implementers of said protocols. And as of now, wayland is pretty feature-compatible with x, in an actually extendable way (much more close to the UNIX philosophy if that’s your thing). Or see my previous answer: write a custom extension for your compositor (which in most cases already exists and cross-DE) and add additional feature? Like, notification daemons like this already exist on sway (and every other compositor that use wlroots, a compositor backend). Brave is basically a chrome with preinstalled extensions, which would wither away the second chrome stopped being developed. Firefox is a treasure we should keep alive, because otherwise the web would turn into the same closed source walled garden, as most other things do. You are hurting them, and I’m not sure if this is too hard for you to understand or you are simply evil. I would be really interested in something like that, but do you believe that the pinephone would be powerful enough for that? Out of these, only Microsoft could reasonably develop a browser enginge - and they stopped doing so, decreasing the available web implementations by one. I’m not worried about google stopping chrome, it is way too big for that - just firefox is unique in what they are doing, and is irreplaceble from a freedom of web perspective. Good morning, wayland is stable Phosh is written from scratch and don’t have much to do with the actual gnome shell source-wise. You can just start typing your password - something you can’t do on windows and it drives me mad there. It is so frustrating dealing with anti-wayland anti-systemd anti-anything that changes the 30 year old status quo and makes linux actually alive instead of bitrotting on old computers.. Wayland is a display server - xorg started out as one as well, but it got extended to such an extant that at one point it contained a printing service as well. Wayland goes back to the base problem - how to display a window on a/many screens - and solves it splendidly. And leaves the rest to the actual desktop environment because it is not display related. UNIX phylosophy is not all that sexy when it is actually useful is it? But wayland developers were clever enough to add a proper extension management system so a client can query what is available and use what’s given. Does implementing wayland by multiple DEs consist of some duplicate work? Sure. Should we not refactor all the technical debt that accumulated over DECADES to the point where a new hardware was introduced? I think the answer is no. And I’m not sure which group is tribalist, the ones who blindly hate on something because - surprisingly - without work there would be nothing, or those who make the new thing usable. There is theoretical issues with the X way of handling graphics hardware. Also, wayland also uses sockets.. If we measure readiness by having every application ported over to wayland, then it will never come - but it is not a useful metric imo. Screensharing/recording works on wayland (that is, there are extensions supporting it). Clients are slower to adapt, but once stable chromium does, a major pain point in client availability will be solved (I mean electron apps) Wayland is developed by those who... wrote Xorg? Oh I see, misunderstood you there. Yeah, many apps are basically just the desktop version with some pre-configured scaling to make them barely usable - but as far as I know it is only by necessity until the mobile friendlier alternative emerges. But while it is good to see the advances mobile linux GUIs make, they are still far from usable as a primary device :/ I agree with you, and so it seems that actually allowing completely free speech is not that great of an idea in the end - as if it is banned from a major platform they will form their micro-platforms where they will think they are more numerous, and that their ideas are accepted. So I do believe that Europe see it well, there should be a certain border of free speech How about refuting the memory leaks claim? Or the others in previous posts as well, that were calling out impossible features of the lang (that sounded like some ad) Nitpicking nitpicks is still nitpicking. Well, I will believe it when I see it, as well as the other hard to believe claims like I don’t know how many lines of code/second compilation speed, perfect C-to-V compiler, etc. I’m not sure how many of it is still up on the website, because some were called out and were taken down. Just because it happens outside the ‘parents’ body doesn’t mean the environment does it anymore than a mother being only a filter around the womb and the environment. An egg is a complex life that can reproduce the whole organism (and actually with energy stored INSIDE, that’s why they are great nutritios value for others) It’s fair to try to solve issues. But these are hard issues, and it is at best overconfident to outright say they will do X, when they didn’t even started working on it, and at worse it may be a scam making money from donations, but I am hoping that it is the first case. At the start of the project, the source code was not available and I deliberately wrote that I really hope and want to believe that the first option is the correct. Nonetheless, this project did start controversially with absolutely bold claims, other, similarly small languages like zig interestingly doesn’t have bad connotations associated with it. Hopefully V will be able to shed these and will grow successful. Isn’t each cell a life form unto itself? Like there are cell lines from cancer cells that has been living outside their ‘host’ long after the human they were aquired from died (HeLa) They just specialize in an specific environment created and maintained by cells with the same genetic material Well, it is a difficult question as linux is a bazaar-style ecosystem and while apple can change something fundamental at a whim, every significant change in linux will result in a split of the community (with different ratios) and the ‘winner’ will slowly swallow the other. But still then, noone has the incentive in open-source to start porting their app (and usually, since the new thing will be a smaller community at first, it creates a negative feedback loop) - fortunately those that depend on frameworks more often than not can simply be started in wayland mode and no change is required by the maintainer. For more special clients (like a screen reader) you will need more time as these programs require special handling by the compositor so one has to create an extension for that and a/some DE should implement it then. It will take some time and maybe some niche program that relied heavily on the X implementation will never be ported, or will have to be recreated with wayland in mind (I mean those scripting little programs that read what is under the cursor and the like) Also, most DEs have really good backwards compatibility thanks to xwayland - because frankly some app will never be ported. (Also, accessibility is unfortunately quite the last thought on even paid platforms - and last I heard it was not all that great to begin with on linux) As for the latter: Or you know, most applications don’t need manual memory management because more often than not, programmers WILL get it wrong. Unless you really need that level of control over the hardware, you ARE better off with a good runtime env Completely agree. I would be interested in a modern, advanced user GUI trend - like most of the modern UIs optimize for discoverability and for a sufficiently complex use case (like photoshop, video/music editing software) where learning the UI is a must, most programs would need a feature-packed, hotkey/gesture-rich one. I don’t dislike python, but as far as I know reproducibility is a big problem in scientific circles (actually in both meanings, but I’m talking about copy-pasting codes not running at all). ML is famous for it and python is the most used language there. “ and that it's part of any reasonable strategy for controlling outbreaks of infectious disease.” Any source on that? As far as I know every disease that would still continue to decimate us, we managed to counter through vaccines, antibiotics or general availability of some other drug. Natural immunity does work in selected individuals but if it would work in sufficient quantities, a given disease would not spread? Like, don’t you think that the cases should start decreasing or at least platou already since we’ve been fighting this virus for a year already? Of course exponential growth is not sustainable and once it will decrease from natural immunity (or because so many people died that the average distance between people greatly increases) but I would rather not wait for a significant portion of humanity to die when there are solutions on the horizon. If the human immune system could effectively fight this virus than maybe there would not be goddamn 79 million infected?? As I’ve written in my other post - yes of course exponential growth will once ceize. But it is absolutely insane to think with the current trends that the outcome of waiting and doing nothing or infecting young people or every other stupid thing regarding natural immunity will effectively counter this virus - not until a significant percentage of humanity have already died. (Also, you do realize that vaccines work by “teaching” the immune system, right?) This could be the textbook example under hyperboles. Than don’t jump to conclusions based on click-bait headlines with no actual content. Here you are: “ There are two possible approaches to build widespread SARS-CoV-2 im- munity: (1) a mass vaccination campaign, which requires the development of an effective and safe vaccine, or (2) natural immu- nization of global populations with the virus over time. However, the consequences of the latter are serious and far-reaching—a large fraction of the human population would need to become in- fected with the virus, and millions would succumb to it. Thus, in the absence of a vaccination program, establishing herd immunity should not be the ultimate goal. Instead, an emphasis should be placed on policies that protect the most vulnerable groups in the hopes that herd immunity will eventually be achieved as a byprod- uct of such measures, although not the primary objective itself.” https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32433946/ That is true, but maybe Python doesn’t help with its primarily interpreter-based ecosystem (think of jupyter) where a result may only worked for the author because a variable he/she uses used to refer to something else no longer there in the source code (but still defined). Which bit me more than once with for example sage - but it may be simply a problem with jupyter/the way the scientific community writes code. May I ask you what sort of tools you use for verification, including language? Is it model checkers like TLA+? Most package manager formats are simple text files as well. Also, docker doesn’t solve the DLL hell problem, just pushes it out of sight. The nix package manager is something that actually solves it and it should be promoted and leave docker to things it is good at - containerization. What’s your opinion on the scalability of formal methods? Isn’t it still the case that basically formal verification is impossible to do for larger code bases (like at least 10-100x that of sel4 in lines of code) and even sel4 took many many years and experts? How would it tell that something is wrong? Like, it went through a wall, and the app let it do so - what’s the problem? Testing non-deterministic code paths are a really hard problem because you don’t really know what to test for. Offtopic but may I ask you for some game/OpenGL-related questions? I’m attending a computer graphics course and have to write a minecraft clone - and I don’t yet “feel” the performance of the CPU vs the GPU and sometimes I have trouble deciding which one to push. Like, am I allowed to call glDraw* multiple times per different objects when the data is already on the gpu, or should I try to push somewhat dissimilar objects into the same buffer and write more complicated shaders differentiating them (without ifs if possible?) or are gpus so performant nowadays that unless I do something stupid I should not worry about it? Moore’s law has ended quite a few years ago - or do you mean it regarding GPUs because I don’t know about that. But even though parallelism can be increased, the gains from them are limited as per Amdahl. Correct me if I’m wrong but ray tracing should iterate over every object in the general direction of that ray - and that can be less with things like AABBs and the like, while rasterization can throw away triangles with Z-masking. Is the former all that more efficient? Then the textures used for reflection is bad - not the ray tracing. Thank you for the informative answer! Though mushrooms contain large amounts of chitin which we can’t really digest, so I’m not sure they would be a good fit as base food. Small creators who need income will get barely anything, while the ones the youtube algorithm prefers will get all. So yeah support them directly if you want but not google so I think vanced and the like is perfectly fine solution. Youtube exploits creators’ work to make viewers at a cost of hosting said videos. It would be a pretty symbiotic thing but with the recent direction Google took I would rather not partake. Also, I barely use youtube. And I used to pay for for example google play music but as usual, google killed it. Not who you are responding to, but really interesting comment, thanks! I am not too knowledgeable on the topic, may I ask you what sort of confidence is required for a well working contact tracing application? A naiv those-who-live-together is so utterly useless that it was rejected? And do I get it right, you meant to real-time track everyone and if someone turns out to be infected, everyone gets quarantined who they met in the preceding days? What percentage of contacts can “slip through” so that it is still effective? Isn’t there a working trade-off like counting people who work together and family or is it still subject to unimplementable exponential explosion? Or am I asking the wrong questions as these are epidemiologic ones rather than technical? If so, excuse my lack of knowledge on the topic. Just by being an independent browser engine, firefox is arguibly one of the most important open source software projects - since basically everything is web-based nowadays and they are the only thing making the web the web, instead of a fancy google chrome runtime. Other than that, I pretty much value having actual privacy when browsing, and firefox is really really good at that with ad-blocking (which may easily go away with chrome and with the pace of development on it, forks will be in a pretty bad situation), containers, etc. I know it’s an analogy, but elevators are dead-simple concepts with many fail-safety mechanisms independent of the controlling ‘program’. Self-driving cars are ridiculously complicated black-box program with at most software fail-safes that are itself more complicated than one can reason about so the only thing remaining is empirical testing in real-world situations. And every single bugfix have to be retested substantially as it can just as easily make something else worse - and I don’t feel confident about today’s “self-driving” cars Do you think that increasing the number of autonomous cars will linearly decrease the number of accidents to a certain point? Don’t you think that increasing their number will increase the chances of meeting with really bad human drivers and we simply don’t have sufficient info on whether those ‘meetings’ are less or more deadly than with a human driver - and those are the cause of a significant chunk of accidents. And by intuition I doubt that today’s AI could react better than a competent human driver to someone cutting in front of it, and the like. Simply because we are better at reading high-level patterns in others’ driving. Reaction time is not the only metric that matters. Lol. At the level of tech? We are barely better than a lego mindstorm that goes forward until something is not closer than x centimeters.. (with a bit of sarcasm) An autonomous car can’t really exit a parking building (I’m not really sure what are they called, but those multi-level parking thingies) because it would require them to understand signs and the like and those may often be missing. Can an AI system learn on the fly (that would negate the testing done by the way)? Because I’m fairly sure other than sensor input “normalization”, they can’t and humans can. Today’s AIs are happy to correctly identify which lane they should be on - counting how many people are on a given vehicle is so way out of scope that there is no point continuing. But then we assume that autonomous cars will replace these bad drivers - which is a pretty unsubstantiated claim, and the same percentage of drivers still be this bad when autonomous cars are more popular - and we don’t have enough data to conclude that autonomous cars are better at dealing with these bad drivers than competent humans (and I assume this is not true as of yet) Detection is pretty much where AIs excel so I doubt it would be a hard problem. And it could also just disable driving the car and that’s it, saving the same amount of people. But that doesn’t require self-driving, but a commonly implemented emergency brake in a ‘normal’ car. They can easily surpass humans in really specified problems like looking at millions of cells and identifying which is likely cancerous. Today’s AIs are pretty bad at complex problems where each subproblem would require a specific AI and then some logical thinking on top measuring each results’ to each other. And driving in non-trivial circumstances is definitely in the latter category And I would choose a fly over today’s state of the art computer vision systems because they are still better than the latter. There is a person in front of me, and the signal is on. Does it see me or only that other person? And frankly, it should not be legal. Either don’t sell it as self-driving / don’t even have that feature, or take full responsibility (within normal limits) for any accident. They have a post detailing why they went with a more embedded-like processor over one that could run linux.