It's about the negative externalities of engagement optimization. No, the children will be commodified. It's systems-level thinking applied to people. Reader beware though, once you start down this path, you can become adept at spotting this pattern emerge in many other human systems. It depends. Left and right is as real as any social construction. Like many social constructions it shares common features: It's hegemonic. It's the basis for identity. It's socially reproduced. It's used as a wedge by elites to maintain power. Substitute politics, race, gender, nationalism, etc. Same pattern. Despite it being socially constructed, there are still real material disadvantages when people don't conform. The choice between putting food on the table or non-conformity is real. I'm missing something here. I could create a coded message that required apeace to decipher. That doesn't necessarily mean that I'm you. Thank you for pointing it out bluntly. For people like me, it does help to read the unwritten rules. I'll let my naivete lead me to learning something new. Wouldn't 50%+1 attacks still be a concern? We might have different ideas about what social reproduction means. I believe social reproduction occurs every time a social interaction occurs which reenforces social norms through social accountability. How many children people are having is more of a sexual reproduction topic to me. If any restriction is intolerable then what remains? It's a form of operationalization and that's a valid critique. My hope would be that there are some studies on the validity of the technique. That being said, there's probably better ways. Additionally, I'd find it fun to riff on ways to make it better that have the same time/budget constraints as the original. Not sure, I follow. That doesn't make any sense. He argues for ZoomWorld, so his mileage may vary. Sure, but take it a step further and analyze it. Does Instagram, knowing this information, have any obligations when making choices that affect teen's mental health? Would making choices which negatively affect teen's mental health be an ethical action? One such choice could be segmenting user's by mental health for the purpose of advertisement. Is such a segmentation ethical? What if doing so increases Instagram's profit (say for example teens who struggle are more susceptible to ads), does that change your answer? Should that change Instagram's answer? My point is that we are capable and obliged to dive deeply into these questions. 22% of teens[p24] of a total 22M teens(DAU)[1] are negatively affected by Instagram. This is 4.1 million people - not a small number. By stopping short and simply saying teens are twice as likely to benefit than suffer ignores the 4.1 million teens who are suffering. I'm not sure they take much solace that 8.2 million feel better off. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-knows-instagram-is-tox... Lack of evidence is not the issue. A more fruitful line of questioning is starting with "What function do courts server and for whom?" Not much to critique, though it would have been nice to see the author outline the hegemonic nature of the idea that competition between individuals is the natural state of the world. What a strange way of looking at the world. When did you choose to have that perspective and why? Hmm, I always thought conformity-culture was the cause of social accountability of outliers. My go to example for this is the highly individual valuing, yet Patagonia vest wearing finance bros. Conformity without collectivism. It's a thing and it's much more insidious than the collectivism-conformity script we got growing up. A similar grounding exercise[1] I like is saying out loud: 5 things I can see, 4 things I can touch, 3 things I can hear, 2 things I can smell, and 1 thing I can taste. It takes just a minute to complete and consistently works. [1] https://copingskillsforkids.com/blog/2016/4/27/coping-skill-... One way to understand this would be to ask people in the form of a question. Dear HN people who form this category, why do you demonize big tech while supporting unions who have killed rivals? I can't help but laugh because your last line perfectly describes inheritance, a practice whose abolishment was demanded in The Communist Manifesto. I don't like this pattern in calls to action. The pattern starts with an implicit hopelessness of affecting any external change and results in all responsibility being assumed by the individual. This is an antipattern of change. It does not need to be perpetuated because it reproduces the permanence of the constructs we want to dismantle. Even more importantly, these entities are fully aware of this and craftily guide the masses toward individual responsibility as a default, knowing that it won't affect real change. The antidote to this is critical collective action which realizes the impossibly of change as itself an impossible stance to take. Of course not. We both agree that organizing doesn't appear out of nowhere and that it takes real work to mobilize people. The call to action of installing adblockers in this particular case makes people feel like they are taking real action, but it's equivalent to "hope and prayers" and that doesn't work either. My point is that "If you can't stop Facebook snooping" is a self-limiting assumption. Of course we can stop Facebook from snooping. Facebook's ability to snoop relies on the social, political, legal, and economic assumptions all of which are constructed by people and therefore aren't immutable constants. Our progress toward changing that is realizing that all of these things are things we made and therefore can change. You can absolutely get rid of the legal concept of capital. It's supported and encoded by a set of laws. Delete the laws. Whether or not this is the best approach is up for debate. Of course, the legal code is simply an artifact in the construction of capital, but by no means sufficient to its existence. I'll go even further and throw in the idea that human tribalism is innate is itself also a construction that can be dismantled. > I'm baffled trying to figure which specific laws could be removed to delete capital from our society. Sounds like a fantastic project filled with economic, sociological, political, and ontological questions. What's the space of categorizations and which categorizations have the most compelling explanatory power? As an example, here's a statement[1] in the tax code which defines "capital asset." Enjoy! [1] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/26/1221#a I'm curious how much time you're spent "doing monads" compared to reading about monads. The reason that I bring this up is that monads didn't click for me until I had hands on experience with a few different monad instances and could see the abstraction take shape in different ways. If that doesn't apply to you, that's ok too. It's fun to understand other people's methods of conceptualization. That's an interesting narrative framing. I'm reading Berger[1] at the moment and of course the social reproduction of knowledge is a component of the work. Pg. 76-77(in the linked copy) parallel your description of this process though on a longer timescale. In social media spaces, the playfulness and joking nature of the progenitors, becomes habituated, and eventually institutionalized over time. What's surprising is the speed at which this happens. In Berger's conceptualization is that this happens over the course of lifetimes, while in the social media space, this happens over the course of months. My final point is that this is the reason why "jokes"[2] are insidious. They will attract people who earnestly believe they aren't just jokes which normalizes harassment. [1] The Social Construction of Reality. Berger, Peter http://perflensburg.se/Berger%20social-construction-of-reali... [2] A specific kind of harassment designed to habituate abuse while also taking advantage of plausible deniability by ostensibly also being a "joke". It's definitely possible you've already done monadic things in code. If it's any consolation, I would not have ever been able to grasp monads by reading tutorials alone and the monad laws are simply too abstract for me to have envision a concrete usage. I learned without touching Haskell at all and it's my opinion is that Scala + Cats is a much easier onramp to monads than Haskell. You sound like a kind and curious person. If you ever want a one-on-one walkthrough please reach out to me (email in bio). Everyone deserves the chance to understand something if they want to. That's how I describe it too: Potemkin Retail. The elders don't like the other comparisons that we make to being lucky that there are at least bread lines. That means the store has bread that day. Your ethics are my opportunity. Bruce's Beach is another example that's easy to reach for. For anyone to assume that this hasn't happened is to admit to not studying history. The consulting and training industry captured the c-suite mindshare and sold process over people. Joe has every incentive to convince other people to minimize paternity leave. Morality is for the working class. Read Berger(1966). This is reification in it's most basic form. Weird comment. Why lead with a false dichotomy and then slide into everything is a gray area? Maybe pick an example and go with that? It isn't a trade off. That's the falseness of setting it up as two mutually exclusive and exhaustive choices. There are better ways to make a point than hyperbole. My backburner project of providing Clojure bindings to React running in GraalJS has gotten to the point where it technically works, but I'm not sure if the marshalling overhead is worth it. It's been fun pairing it to a terminal emulator and writing a blessed-like[1] using Clojure though. [1] blessed - https://github.com/chjj/blessed Umm, the right to be free from slavery. I'm saying freedom from slavery was an increase in freedom and a greater good. That's the point. A net increase in both. That's why it's a false dichotomy. > Ml based systems will always make errors Sure, but error should be randomly distributed. This is stats 101. Any decent ML practitioner will check for this before releasing a model. Great seeing this here. Papermill has been part of our datascience CI/CD process for the last couple years. It's been a solid building block and it was fun getting our notebooks building in Github Actions. I believe we're mostly in agreement. What's not acceptable to me is using "All models are wrong" to imply that it's ok to not understand ways in which they wrong, to be willfully ignorant of their failures, or to devalue transparency. As a professional and practitioner, I have to a responsibility to engage in transparency and honesty when I deliver a model. Part of that is understanding and designing failure modes. That's simply good engineering. Donating with stipulations is such a weird thing to do. Either you trust the acceptor, or you find someone else to donate to. Why give money to someone if you don't trust them to use it wisely? Also mixed in with strawman. > Exaggerating (sometimes grossly exaggerating) an opponent's argument, then attacking this exaggerated version. The claim in this case being, "residents should have reasonable access to sunlight in their rooms." And the exaggeration being penthouses. I agree with it being common. However, I can't stop referring back to http://paulgraham.com/donate.html I'm simply not convinced that cancellations of mild controversiality represent a significant proportion of total cancellations without evidence. São Paulo's been living it for 14 years. I'd love to hear from residents how they feel about it too. In agreement. Far too many "debaters" do not acknowledge this truth. Identifying a problem and proposing a solution are two different things. I get that actionable statements are appreciated, but they aren't a requirement. Conflating the two rhetorically sophomoric. Another way of putting this is the burden of proof to also provide on a solution is not on the problem identifier. Asking as much is implicitly making the argument that the problem doesn't exist because the solution doesn't yet exist. We can all agree how absurd that is. A lot of us actually mean capitalism because we believe that the incentives it creates are inherently baked into its structure. For example, the construction of capital markets inevitably lead to labor exploitation through a natural series of actions and reactions. That's anti-capitalism 101. Anyone who has worked at a heavily funded startup knows this. They may not have the words for it, or they may even like it, but they cannot deny that the situation creates the incentives. I really wish I could, but this is essentially asking for a distillation of Capital Vol 1 in a Hacker News comment. If this is something you're interested in, I encourage you to read it from the source. It spells out exactly this. If that doesn't quite suit you, feel free to reach out (email in profile) and I'm sure we could find a way to convey this conversationally. We're not just competing with big corps, we're competing with each other too. It's not a competition for dollars though, it is an intensifying competition of austerity. Every downsize, skipped meal, and acceptance of worse conditions legitimizes itself and races to the bottom in answering the question, "what's the bare minimum needed to support life?" Every workaround, make do, and acceptance rachets down and squeezes everyone just a bit more. I banned my boss from texting after hours. He texted me during hours for a legitimate reason. Moments after the issue was taken care of, I blocked his number. If it ever becomes an issue, it's easy to frame as a healthy way of enforcing boundaries. Everyone should block their boss by default. The tweet is a specific case of the general idea that "Market inefficiencies result in price-value disparities." If you believe this, the tweet naturally follows. The author assumes the audience already believes this. Not unless the Westphalian model is deconstructed. Deconstruct the idea that this is the best we can do - our current political economy is not some inevitability. Human nature, politics, and economics are not fundamental facts. These are ideas are inherently self-limiting. They are constantly reconstructed in social interactions. Anyone telling you otherwise is unaware of how social knowledge works or has a vested interest in maintaining this illusion. Spread this idea and the idea of it spreading to everyone you know. Things are impossible, until suddenly they aren't. Yes > Otherwise, you may need to work longer or find a supplemental source of income from a part-time job, Eweka suggested. Dying with the most amount of debt is the ultimate fuck you to austerity. Reap the earthly rewards and avoid consequences. Why should I grind myself to dust to support a system I reap no rewards from? If the answer to this relies on a categorical imperative, that system doesn't deserve to exist. > Which means those jobs have to pay more The assumption being made here is "all other things being equal". All other things are never equal. It's a common refrain here to setup a weird dichotomy between freedom and some other X. It's a thought anti pattern - a rootless piece of social knowledge that people were told at some point that never went examined. There are so many cases of freedom AND X, that it's easy to disprove. I'm still not convinced[1]. 1. https://www.bmj.com/content/363/bmj.k5094 5300 words and I'm still left wondering, "Who are they?" People have names. Thank you. I've been trying to convince people that coal power isn't bad because solar exists and is gaining production share. As long as alternatives exist, coal does nothing to the environment. It is very difficult to convey sarcasm through text. If you thought my previous comment was devoid of all reason and thought, may I direct you to its parent? I cannot wait to for game mods to enable right click, save as functionality in games. The problem of rug-pulling irl generally being illegal. You did a good job demonstrating how the reification of social institutions works. > I think the root of it has something to do with the higher ups wanting and forcing people to work so that they can profit out of it. In the same way we think the divine right of monarchy is an absurd way to justify feudalism, someday we will think human nature is an absurd way of justifying our current system. If my neighbor had a QoS config which meant my use did not degrade their bandwidth, then it would be ok? I agree but for a different reason. It's simply not effective. Unrest can never be ameliorated by squashing it because censorship will always be routed around. Any attempt at pushing it down will result in it popping up somewhere else, sometimes in a different form. The only remedy is improving the material conditions for the majority of people. In every revolution we've seen, the elites are unable to comprehend or unwilling to compromise, and in every case, the longer it drags on, the more dispossessed they eventually become. US state population trends starting in the 1840s are currently generating increasing unrest as a function of the structure of the US senate resulting in a rule by minority. As the chamber becomes increasingly unrepresentative, the ability to reform it becomes increasingly less probably due to the structure of constitutional reform. In a more perfect world, US population geographics would be modulated by representative power. That however, is not the case. State and local governments increasingly sort voters by self-selection bias. Further entrenchment and unwillingness to compromise will be gasoline for the current tinder. What an excellent story about the working class reaping the rewards of automation. Had the business developed the solution, they would capture the difference instead. Whether it's true or not is irrelevant. At worst it is a parable. The lesson is that automation is not our savior. > that implied portrayal of "wife sits at home goofing off all day because machines do all the real work" couldn't be the norm. The history of women's work is a history of unpaid labor. The reality maintenance machinery supporting this is powerful. From devaluing industries which see a change in gender participation, to not classifying certain tasks as labor, the mechanisms of maintenance range from insidious to ridiculous. Understanding what happens if that reality is not maintained is important to understanding why it is maintained. If you happen to have, or know of a list of the others, I'd be very interested in reading it. Natural proclivities is a post hoc rationalization using the sociological process of reification. The process of gaining knowledge assuming a social construct will always suffer from a tautological fallacy. Any attempt to break the cycle is a epistemological illusion. And in today's world, right click, save as. The only problem with this is the same reason taxes are compulsory. Repositioning your review mirror to reflect their headlights directly back into the driver's eyes is not a solution (tested empirically). Have you considered pivoting out of the baking industry and into something more profit-positive? There are material incentives to using them too which are baked into policy.The 1033 program requires that all equipment issued through it be used within one year of the date it is granted. In addition to being "fun toys" there are real structural incentives too. I checked against a Vox article before posting but neglected to cite because of perceived bias. I'll see if I can pull up an original source. Edit: States are apparently required to file an LESO operation plan. Here is an example from the Minnesota LESO operation plan Section III. C. > ... are required to utilize property within one year or schedule its return https://dps.mn.gov/divisions/hsem/homeland-security/Document... Parent is arguing that we should understand what incentivizes people to break laws and fix that. ie: do rootcause analysis, employ systems-level thinking and take preventative measures. As an aside, wording seems to be an important part of formulating these requests too. There was an interesting example used in coaching correct requests. Don't say you need blankets to keep detainees warm. Instead say you need blankets so that LEOs can provide detainees with warmth. Important apparently bc the property is primarily for the benefit of LEOs. Unfortunately it's blockhead[1]. I wish this was a joke. 1. https://investors.block.xyz/governance/leadership/default.as... This feeling of frustration is familiar. What helped me was shifting the way I approached the problem. Rather than tasking myself with manipulating social structures directly, I've found joy in teaching others to recognize the structures, recognize the processes by which their reality is maintained, and formulate tools to expose their weaknesses and dismantle them. Ideas spread like seeds in the wind. Our collective mental soil is so ready to accept them. Construct an self-reinforcing reality aimed at dismantling the current enabling structures. That's exactly as hard or as easy as it sounds. Is it possible to de-capitalize heathcare? Not in this economy. Take Walmart as an example. If a country, it would rank 25th economically (above 188 other countries and the likes of Austria, Argentina, Norway, Ireland, and South Africa).[1] Walmartian central planning scales at least that far. 1. https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3524078 How are the current economic agents solving the NP-hard problem of economy? It seems like they are are just as incapable as a computer (assuming the substrate independence of computation). It should double every time. The data realm has a fun set of metaphors. For example, DATA IS A PHYSICAL MATERIAL. It can be CLEANED, MINED, EXTRACTED, FILTERED, POLISHED, PIPED, etc. > Namely, though low productivity growth may be leading to rising inequality, it may also be that rising inequality is reducing productivity growth, by stifling “the ability to harness the talents of potential innovators across the income spectrum. "The ability to harness talents" is a weird way of saying people don't want spend their time working to benefit someone else. When the value extraction knob turns up, the incentive to work goes down. When you're getting cucumbers and the other guy keeps getting grapes[1] it makes sense to stop playing the game. 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_9RjDqJ7Zs I thought ad hominems were looked down on here. Has something changed? If radio equipment manufacturers built their business on choosing which messages to promote would it change things? Yes, we understand the incentives. My kids want to stay up past their bedtime, but I still say no because of the consequences the next day. I'm sure you agree that simply because someone wants you to do something it has no bearing on whether it was the correct choice or not. Lost? It was dismantled and it was done with intent. Let us not forget the people who did it and how they did it. "There is no such thing as society. There are individual men and women and there are families." - Margaret Thatcher It's much harder to build something than it is to tear it down. Fantastic advice! Lately I've been re-thinking how I've made friends throughout my life. I had some things right but some others were misguided. Creating intentional spaces was something right. I put myself into situations where I could be friendly with workmates during lunch and definitely felt engaged and friendly with the people there. Over the years though, it felt more and more hollow. We've had time to step back and think lately. I realized what was missing was emotional openness and that comes with a little vulnerability. While being friendly with workmates is nice, it isn't the place to show emotional vulnerability. I had set myself up to never be able to turn associates into friends. It finally clicked as to why people keep their work and friends separate. I'm glad you found your groove. The quality of life that comes with having deep friendships is incredible. I hope stories like these inspire others to take a step toward realizing deep friendship. I remember the same. However, as I've gotten older and everything has become political, the non-political path has gotten smaller and smaller and has all but disappeared. Even more importantly, I've realized that it's not healthy to have an entire social diet composed of polite conversations. Emotional vulnerability and openness is a necessary ingredient for meaningful social engagement. An opening move into politics is still an out of pocket move, but never engaging openly stunts a potentially deep bond. Please don't mistake my including that quote as asserting that Thatcher single-handedly lowered social trust. I used it as an example that sums up a broader ideological goal of a larger group of people. We both agree on the implications of such a change. Maybe you agree that some people pushed for systems which resulted in this conclusion and some occurred by other factors? > I'm not entirely sure who pushed for these changes. If a historical analysis isn't your thing(and I get that), the next best thing anyone can do is look for it in the present. Anywhere we see people pressing for the individualization of responsibility, assuming the inability of groups of people to affect positive change, or the "I'm not responsible for anyone but myself" attitude, we see a person with this mindset realizing a reality where everyone is more distant, alone, and lonely. I get the sense that it would be many other things easier as well. The only reason he would be fired is because he's terrible at masking.