Here's to $10T by 2023 I think it matters more to be independent. And getting people's attention without truckloads of money is hard nowadays This doesn't really need to be debated. It's weird that there are no large-scale anti-aging projects going on in the world. The US has e.g. the BRAIN initiative, and EU runs the HBP (both with little revolutionary output) , but a large scale Longevity initiative has not been created. There is nothing "Dynamic" about a website like imgur.com or twitter.com or reddit.com. They are megabytes of javascript heavy and are things you check every once in a while, not things that change before your eyes. I find twitter's 'new tweets' popups annoying and in any case i refresh the page because it s already too heavy from too much infinite-scrolling Just think of the terrabytes of wasted bandwidth, there s like 60 spaces in those strings Common experiences and struggles make friends. Like in the army. This is true at any age,but more pronouned right after university because there is a huge slump in the friendmaking potential. We need more shared experiences. How can we help? just finished struggling with my bank's redesign, because apparently transations needs to be infinitely scrolled in chunks of 5 Heat Relatively small potatoes > that allow the rich to prevent themselves from being taxed by their home countries That is a big list of entire countries if you include legal persons in the definition What do we know about winner take all phenomena from biology? How do they work in a petri dish? I laugh when these "brave new age" practices find their way to academia, where they actively interfere with every step of the intentionally perpetually-unfinished, half-assed, single-use software that they make. But why are s/w developers worried? As long as tons of advertising money find their way into glorified blogs, they will get paid, no matter how much complexity they invent to justify their workload. and why is low budget bad any term taken from the 50% of diversity can fill that blank. i think they are referring to the cancellous but ostensibly tolerant culture yes that s a good example. "being proud to be black" is diverse, being proud to be white is not. There is definitely a level of doublespeak here, although i'm not sure if teens are really annoyed by it How is spotify going to avoid becoming another amazin? Not a surprise, but > A lot of people jump into the tenure track from outside of the tenure track, from industry for instance That would be surprising if significant likely. they do have extensive underwear and sex toy collections and their prices are very low compared to shops in europe that sell the same stuff way overpriced Well from the structure of our brain of course I 'm not sure why people call it burnout. People adapt and get bored, learning new languages is exciting the first 3 times, a horrible chore at 11. Any intellectually demanding job will lead to mental fatigue, but it s not like people are burnt, we do our best when we do exciting stuff. Many youtubers use youtube to reach out to friends or make friends. For younger generations using the media as antidote to loneliness is more common. Unfortunately all the media rot after a sweet period What is there left to do? none of us can know that Right now people are living a honeymoon moment for remote work , because it's not just remote, it's asyncrhonous. But as management is coming to terms with the reality of permanent remote, they will start using virtual tools that allow them to have a synchronous overview of what is happening. Something like working in second life or whatever zuck's Sims will look like. That shift to synchronous is going to make remote slighty more unpleasant (but still preferable) Young people are much more lonely and isolated. Partly demographic decline, partly culture. They have a longing for connection as always though, and they find it online Memetism, apes like apeing each other, it's why we have classes of all kinds Lol. The only links in the article are reddit, discord and ... Paul graham's tweets. So much for discovering new things What if he was a virtual teacher or 'life coach' 'risk perception' sounds like another name for fear. Maybe we ve proven to be good at preventing the wrong things. People expected a climate disaster but it was a pandemic instead Luck is something that can be improved > when crypto doesn’t have the protections of regular banking and investments Coinbase is not 'crypto' though. Nobody's coins go down if one exchange crashes, unless they are careless enough to leave them there. The real problem is that cryptocoins are hard to use , and so exchanges are used as banks (they shoudn't) . But that is something that tech can fix I 'd like to see airbnb move to long-term rentals. isn't that true for basically any website these days? spinner gifs are the trademark of this decade The four horsemen strike again. I think i 'll let this one pass. People should be inconvenienced enough to learn to use uncensorable platforms. my north faces have lasted more than decade and are easier to clean. other than that i do not understand anything from this video tl;dr: wordpress went from 41.2% to 42.9% in a year - undeniably shrinking i dont know if it means anything - the tech didnt go away what happened was tech was wildly profitable and became overvalued. tons of capital is invested in US tech stocks thats why compensations are through the roof. but the stock inflation did not reflect technological progress, but rather too much capital, both printed us dollars and foreign capital (europe has no tech sector worth investing in sadly). Companies seemed to care more about making bank from an IPO than making actual money. That is going to change now, and we ll have to see some actual moneymaking tech. It's also been at least 10 years now that HN is all about bloated frameworks that make tech dumb-proof but not more capable. i hope this will end now as well I don't know why i think it is a good thing that these ambivalent coins are being extinguished? It is catharsis to realize that bitcoin cannot be compatible and coexist with legacy fiat systems i m not talking about bitcoin but about "stablecoins". I think this whole shakeup is good for bitcoin Does twitter have a community? My use case for it is that of an RSS reader. I thought reddit was for community I will expect more people to mock this decade of extreme marketingspeak that was funded with fake money and fat investor pockets. The people doing the mocking will lead the next wave of tech growth No. A bunch of ultra-rich VCs were bored of having too much money and pumped up a crazy web3 thing. This was their "Squid Game" moment where they create the games and put millions of clueless kids to run like rats around their pyramid schemes. I somehow wish the VCs would lose their money instead of millions of kids. this came off as sincere, so congrats. Most of the things that offer us value are not paid for that. Most of the internet runs on PHP as a bootstrap user i agree yes, central limit theorem you dont only lose the ability to listen to something when your earbuds are dead , you also lose FM radio It's like mediterranean with skyscrapers 69 degrees? This is more sane than if it went through. If he really wants a microblog he can build it for $1b or buy substack. I guess we'll find out more at 6/9 bots are not fake, they can be useful accounts. I have one that still works, another kept being taken down so i stopped reinstating it. To say that twitter is ran by schoolchildren would be understatement As always, when things crash it's the best time to read the comments apple and google own all the phones in the universe i wonder if they have seen cities built with a plan I don't know, i want the web to be steered back to basics. The whole SPA thing should not exist, HTML is documents. Instead, native platforms should provide each of the widgets and UIs that the SPAs download in each and every page load. There's already a lot of tags for things like date and such. We should have more native support for all kinds of interactions in touchscreens too. After all they are not that many - after so many years only few kinds of touchscreen interactions have survived Then CSS needs to be trimmed down to basics too. Why is grid layout implemented in CSS instead of a tag, it doesnt make sense and is very hard to read. Then there's the browser, which has remained fairly consistent and provides lots of functionality for navigation that is generally OK and well understood by people. SPAs destroy that by building another virtual machine layer on top of it (my pet peeve is ?force_cold_boot=1) And then, why is WebRTC so complicated ? do we need to support all those codecs and nat traversal rules forever? Video communication should be as simple as adding a tag HTML should be readable by common people, they should be able to easily experiment with it, that's how the fun begins again I know mine has Would be too expensive Haha. Everything else proved to be a bigger disaster I don't think the reasons were good There s no use to fret about it. I think nature is telling us that IQ (or intelligence) is not needed. sorry folks you ve been optimizing the wrong thing Is there a method to dumb yourself down? asking for my smart friends wars were traded for "fragility". Antifragile empires make great wars, and i m not sure humanity wants to go back to that era. And why would conscripts try harder in 1975? What difference did it make? Another suggestion is that it has to do with the fact that this test is taken at a specific age. My very scientific hunch is that in the past few generations, adolescence was extended by decades, and the real problems in life started way later, while in 1975 people still married young EQ is definitely up. It got us twitter regression of the mean We all need to contribute to save Google from the dangers of nonrecord profits the short links from microsoft onedrive look shady to some people. To be fair https://1drv.ms/u/s!Acj5445VA?e=0QWl does look suspicious I think it's because of an ill-perception about what online forums are. They are not meant to be like real life, they are places for debate. When people debate they take stances that don't necessarily match their beliefs, and that's normal. Every online conversation is derailed because people let their emotions take over instead of remaining detached and treating it as a game. And while people can disagree impolitely, once they stand up from the table they are not going to kill each other. but it is almost lowercase logo, sans-serif, flat, how can it have failed? Nice try Elon, afaik twitter did disclose that they might be undercounting spam at 5% it s very hard to say anything about bots without IP addresses. The most active bots get sold / change subject etc. well if his science is SEO he seems to be good at it Revenue != Value It makes sense. The bots are just loud and tend to all follow the most famous people, so their numbers look larger when people look there I have a hunch a lot of people are not upgrading because there are no new phones under 6 inch now. i m stuck with S10 too (+ it has headphone jack) Disable animations and it s not really slow. Binance has ~10 times the trading volume with the same number of employees Very misleading. Cover their moustaches and you see the diffences. The pics are not even color. Nicolas was goodlooking It's kind of weird that Ian Goodfellow is "the Apple Executive Who Left Over Return-to-Office Policy" except he is too far from a typical "worker" Pity i see a lot of const $ = document.querySelector.bind(document); The more Jq goes out of fashion, the better it becomes, because it means it stops changing and you can rely on it for decades. The other framework that looks interesting is htmx He could be an entire orchestra not just a band yes He had an album based on Greek folk music (Odes, 1979). This is a cretan dance: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc9_qVAflzk Yes what remarkable, 'organic' sound. Also 'l'apocalypse des animaux' and his other early albums really. Despite being old synths, they still sound classic which one was it? It has to do more with being over 40. People respect age when there is a solid track record. I don't understand the anxiety about becoming complacent. Your age is the most frequent age at which people spin out their own startups It's not like you can't swim when naked I think the new trend should be #asynchronous work so everyone can fit work in their lifestyle in the optimal way > to eastern asian cultures and indian subcontinent where multi-generational families mean you're never really alone. It's high birth rates that create such culture. Europe and US are not comparable , and over time people will get lonelier and lonelier unless they decide to adjust their way of life around this issue and stop living with 20th century standards. Cities should be designed with the single-person in mind now, not the family > I have had the sense that my “real life,” the place where I belong and where there is no loneliness, is somewhere else out there in the world, although I can’t name or find it I found that virtual worlds like Second Life have a lot of old people. Those have been there for decades and their virtual friends are probably their most stable connection over time. Same goes for younger people who move around a lot and change friendships, loneliness leads them to seek virtual friends. I think that's why Zuck is interested in metaverse: Europe and Japan are already old, US, CA, China and the rich world will become old soon enough. Technology can provide a lot to people who can no longer travel etc. The market would if it wasn't so restricted And not all 20 y o are models. People with little romantic experience tend to fit better with younger women because women of the same age generally have more romantic experience For younger people loneliness is much harder. Having a partner/social creds is a social signal, and being lonely is seen as a negative signal. These are both self-reinforcing loops. In the case of lonely people, it often leads to permanent learned helplessness or rationalization of loneliness as a natural condition This is not going to change as long as loneliness is not talked about, and lonely people live in the closet. That s super annoying btw . Frankly video is best browsed like a traditional multi page listing, like how porn sites do it i dont get why they are difficult on mobile? inf scrolling is worse. Especially on android which has a back button everywhere. I think ppl should be more mindful of the megabytes of javascript that people have to download just to see a list of images yep. bitcoin has been, from the start, about replacing the whole fiat financial system, not interfacing with it, depending on it, and being regulated. what is the yield of solarwind in germany though? looking at their energy stats , it is underutilized https://energy-charts.info/charts/power/chart.htm?l=en&c=DE&... https://www.energy-charts.info/charts/installed_power/chart.... https://sminpowergroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Renewa... and what happens to that massive coal+gas infrastructure?Apparently , wind+solar don't work at night and you will always need the same level of coal+gas+oil when you go to some page and it downloads 10MB of javascript for starters, proceeds to show you spinning wheels for 9 seconds (sometimes with original messages such as " time to take the world"), then when it loads it jumps around for 12 seconds while the images are absolutely destroying the layout of the page, then it beeps some chat asks you if you would like help, but the only help you need is to dismiss so many popups ? ... that one. 1. They need 2-3x renewable capacity to charge 2. You need to buy the batteries What s the implication, that those who don't own are not free? When Everything is Grey but Nothing is Getting Read Love streetview through a VR headset. So many empty museums to see, so many places to visit around the world, except Germany