One thing I think that is missing here is that there is a category of app developers which are implementing NEW technologies (Machine vision, AR etc...) which need tons of funding but doesn't necessarily lead to further projects in the way that a true small business does. If people took the poster's approach, then those will never get funded and that technology will either languish or come from bloatware companies. It is hard to get those up and running because it is so leading edge and is not repackaging a social/mobile/local/aggregation etc... service. The whole VC world is looking for the billion dollar exit, which is entirely unsustainable and given it's history doesn't produce the requisite amount of major tech breakthroughs. It still boggles my mind that revenue has not been prioritized with many (most?) of the hottest companies in the last decade. That must be unprecedented at such a scale. That said, I don't think any investor ever thought their investments would have no revenue. I assume they just figured it would come through advertising, inadvertently making every new product a marketing tool. Incidentally PepsiCo released an interesting PDF document which revealed their redesign "process." http://bunnitude.com/misc/files/pepsi_gravitational_field.pd... I think that's the real headline here. I was under the impression that you couldn't install onto a non jailbroken iPhone/iPad without going through apple ( either App Store/AdHoc/Enterprise). This gives me hope that I am significantly wrong on that which would make my life much easier. Can someone confirm that? Thanks, that makes better sense. Since the site is down (HN DDOS) as I write this - I wonder how this compares to what the Manpacks folks are doing. Perhaps just a shorter timeline. That intro video is fantastic. Thanks for introducing this to me. I was at a startup event just yesterday and talked to an aspiring VC about a plan he had to build an incubator of sorts for people to bring ideas to and he and his team would build the team, marketing, production, sales etc... around it and the "founder" would ostensibly run the company and direct the enterprise. So the "founder" only had to bring the idea - and the rest would be done. At the back end, the VC would get their share as all do and the company and founder would be on their way. I have mixed feelings about this approach. On the one hand I think it would be very valuable to have a place where people with legitimately good solid ideas, but no experience could go and have them turn into something real. On the other hand ideas are dime a dozen and really mean nothing without execution - and it's in getting to execution that the product is actually worth anything. Learning all of that "stuff" is the core of what being an entrepreneur is about. Short circuiting that is a recipe for disaster in the long term where you have tons of one hit wonders - that barely get out of beta, or V1 and don't know how to use what they have built to build other things. I think there is value in re-inventing the wheel in most cases because you'll notice, when you have to do that, it's the real smart folks who recognize how the wheel is broken along the way and seek to improve that while developing their original product. That's where the gold is. If the goal is to give everyone a job, we are definitely on the wrong track. We should strive for the world where you don't actually need a job, then all this jobs "gained/lost" talk would be moot. I know I'm not the only one who has read Player Piano. Do you have any reference material or documentation for developing the javascript way? As a fairly new dev I would be interested in seeing that process as most of my "distribute outside of app store on ios" queries to the web say without jailbreaking, its impossible. I can see it now: a Lidar and autonomous system integrated on my Tesla S. This has been known a bit longer than this article mentions. The Western States 100 orginated from the Tevis Cup horse race [1] when Gordy Ainsleigh attempted the race on foot in 1974. While not directly racing horses it was the first known ultradistance man v horse footrace 1: http://www.ontherunevents.com/news/0231/ws01.htm I think that is a poor comparison. I think a better one would be booting someone out of a jury in an auto accident case if they work in/own an insurance agency. The juror has something to gain with the legitimization and precedent that his jury will decide especially in such a high profile case. Diminishingly so for someone in an auto case. So they are slowly moving towards a smaller iPad. >No RC Li-Po batteries incorporate Smart Battery controllers What technical impediment is preventing someone from building said controller? > But organic options may live up to their billing of lowering exposure to pesticide residue and antibiotic-resistant bacteria That is the entire point of buying organic. I dont know anyone (sampling bias) that thinks organic has anything to do with nutrient content. That's what non-gmo is for* * in some cases So, this seems fairly intuitive to me - mostly because I have been trying to build one of these for predicting strategic actions by states ie: when is x country going to launch a missile. I am curious what they are using as their heuristics for developing solutions and how they are determining confidence intervals (my guess: number of samples). It is actually pretty easy to build a process that "fills in the blanks" the hard part, obviously is getting those blanks correctly. In my experience that takes a fairly deep set of expert opinions and coherent "causal" node programmatics which have assigned confidence intervals. Not to mention the fact that people are going to be scrutinizing this data and if it is wrong, they are going to lose faith in the system, and quickly. When you talk about implementing this on databases however, either the blanks which are being filled need to not be critical processes which require precision or they need to iterate corrections very quickly. In the end I think this is useful for non-critical products which users can correct if necessary. If however they have a novel solution with a significant history of "right" answers, they may be onto something in machine learning. It's always possible to create an index fund portfolio. Buying really isn't worth anything if you never plan to sell however...so. California and the entire southwest however, have garages; which serve the same purpose with respect to the entrepreneur assertion. So I wouldn't go debunking anything so quickly. Basically: "He made it all about 'me' and that's the thing, as an investor, I love the most." In all seriousness if you truly want to know how to do something great, go to someone who has done something similar successfully before and soak up their knowledge. At the end of the day though, if you want someone you don't know who has never heard of you to invest in you, you have to stroke their ego a bit. These principals apply equally within large organizations too. So once your startup is humming and a few years, even decades old, you now have an HR department and a law firm who works solely on your suits, remember these things. The difference however is that instead of a new and massive muscle movement, it will be refining and pruning the tree to make things more efficient, cost effective and empowering. Perhaps I am mistaken however no one is calling anything dead, they are simply switching strategies. In my opinion B2B wins hands down when the product could be used equally by businesses and consumers at a minimum. When I started VisiDraft a year and a half ago, my strategy was B2B because my clientele would be using the product for work. I could as easily have structured my plan to have a consumer facing application but based on what I encountered it was a no brainer. Microsoft, Apple, HP, IBM all of these name makers started as B2B companies. Why? Several reasons. You only have to sell to a few people, making your traction and revenues immediately positive. In addition, it allows a much more intimate feedback loop for iterations when you actually work hand in hand with another business designing solutions for them. you are basically getting another partner with domain expertise - you don't get that with B2C. It allows you to grow without losing a huge chunk of your business - in my experience most companies don't want anything to do with owning a chunk of a start up. I am quite confident that no one is saying that B2C is over, and in fact a good number of software developments don't fit into a B2B model. Where there is equal ability to face consumers or other businesses, I will always opt to the business. The last thing I will say is: Businesses around the world are sitting on +2T in cash right now. VC's aren't anywhere close to that and they rely on consumers to go buy things, which is looking pretty flat currently at least in the US. Go where the money is. There is a massive difference between domain specification based on comparative advantage and economically irrational behavior, so let's not give too much validity to these decisions even if we are speaking about subjective decisions. It could be claimed that the "effect" that they get from the purchase or the cachet that comes from owning this Veblen good outweighs the $50 in marginal cost. I would argue however that it remains irrational, but well within the range of irrational behaviors that humans exhibit more or less constantly. Wasn't app.net largely using similar sounding arguments to reasonable effect? This isn't anything new. >I want to be really clear: Instagram has no intention of selling your photos, and we never did. So they have come out directly and said they don't have a way to make money then? >Nor do the limits themselves have any effect whatsoever, since there is no oversight whatsoever What kind of specific oversight would you be satisfied with? There are after all FISA Courts explicitly for the oversight purpose: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Foreign_Intellige... It's clearly at the request of said capitalists, what with rent seeking behavior, quest for monopoly power and whatnot. At the D.C. TechMeetup groups you can always expect to have a public policy aspect to the tech offerings the problem is the majority of these fail. As someone who works in the government and is part of the start-up culture, I can tell you: these attempts are typically terrible at coming up with ways to blend tech and bureaucracy. I have no idea why. Well, not no idea. I think the main hurdles are as follows: 1. The people who make the best change in industries or start-ups are people who have been working in it a while. 2. Few people who have worked in government are the types to become high-growth entrepreneurs. They exist but in general the mindsets are reciprocals. 3. It takes a long time (in start-up time) to understand how a federal/state/local government does things. Anyone who wants to make a mark from the outside isn't going to identify a problem/solution efficiently. So anyone who has a real solution has likely been in government for 5-10 years and is established in a comfortable position - not likely to break out. Not only that they probably have schooling in something political science-y/history/etc.. versus math/CS/physics 4. As a general rule, it takes a long time (infinitely long in start-up time) to actually get a federal/state/local government to implement anything. Part of this is by design and the other part is incompetence or ignorance because they have... 5. Really really poor understanding of how to implement technology. For example $25,000 for a shitty 4 page web 1.0 government website because that is what was budgeted and Booz Allen took the contract because... 6. ...they promised to make the whole thing comply with the IT requirements (ie: IE7 is the most recent browser) and security requirements. So yea. It's kind of hard to solve tech problems for the government. Even moreso, having whole programs handed over from the government to a bunch of 18-30 year old's who haven't made all the right friends and gone to the right schools. Those were my exact initial thoughts. I am surprised this isn't the most highlighted aspect to be honest. Nothing new here. School isn't for learning. it's for learning how to "toil." http://www.overcomingbias.com/2010/08/school-isnt-about-lear... Exactly my thoughts, HubSpot is just over 300 people. That's tiny. I think these recommendations are too vague for truly large organizations like Google, Cisco, MSFT etc... C.R.E.A.M. my friend, it all comes back to the C.R.E.A.M. If you take out the ones who were billionaires by inheritance, and then look at those under 50, all but 5 are well connected beneficiaries of the fall of the Soviet Union. The other 5 made their money in IT (Dell, Bezos, Zuck, Brin, Page). >I'm sorry, but there's no way that any person's individual contributions to society are worth 3-4 orders of magnitude more than most other people's. Why not? Just because it was likely timing, doesn't make the impact less great. Your point seems to be that such a person isn't inherently that much better than someone else. Ok, but no one is inherently that great. 90% of "making it" in any of the senses is timing and placement, so it's really all relative. By being able to post on HN you are about the same magnitude "better off" in real wealth terms compared to a man in the Shomali plains than a billionaire is to you. Does that make your accomplishments better compared to that Afghani man's? I find this a sad commentary about your (and certainly others) relationship with your clients. This a month and a half after Boeing/Lockheed was derisive about Musk publicly: http://go.bloomberg.com/political-capital/2012-12-18/musk-vs... >Enterprise sales is undergoing the most radical shakeup since the turn of the century, and today’s experiments will be tomorrow’s best practices Ok, so what are some examples of this radical shaking? The author gives plenty of examples of the old guys "new ways" - back when they were new - but I am not seeing the new radical-ness described the article or the one linked. I wish this meme would die. It really just taints everything we are trying to do with Strong AI. England served jail time and was dishonorably discharged. The others in Abu Ghraib were also punished in accordance with General Court Martial proceedings, so I'm not seeing the "ZERO punishment" part of that. I am missing the part where I am morally impelled to subsidize poor decision making. This applies specifically to the flood plain example - though there are some corollaries to health care; eg. people eat bad food and smoke etc... which leads to increased costs. The post states that flood plain knowledge is high - and the data is easily available. So why should I help someone if they are knowingly taking a risk? The point of taking a risk after a risk-benefit assessment is that there is a payoff that would be greater with the risk than without it. If you shift the cost of the risk away from the principal agent, then there is no impetus to optimize your decision. So again, why should I absorb your risk if significant and verifiable information is available? So the healthcare system - as described here - is largely benefiting the living members of the dying by helping them cope and transition into death. That is what I took away from this article. Great example of why Google's driver-less cars will be so successful, overall safer and why we should engineer our systems to remove as much complexity as possible for the users. The author mentions it at the end but this schedule is really only good for the asocial. I submit that unless you truly have a aversion to social interaction, it will get lonely. I know this because I used to work night shifts and pretty much had this schedule. You end up losing the period of socialization which is typically 4-10PM, where people go to dance classes, have dinners with friends, go get drinks etc... and things feel lonely. Prerna is a good CEO and did some great things at Khush which helped her acquisition. Even still this intro is maddening: >The freedom to work outside a traditional office was one of the main reasons I left the corporate world eight years ago, at age 23, to start a software company. Maddening because she spent about a year in that "corporate world." Hardly a good sampling period. I don't disagree with her conclusions, however to cast that wide of a net seems a little cheap considering not all business structures and markets are conducive to the same flexibility "knowledge workers" have. Got it, Start up a bunch of day care centers (People seem to love to play with their kids on the weekend). > There are regional shortages, but in the vast majority of cases that's a corruption and infrastructure problem. This can also be said for most things which the globe has major problems with: Food, Education, Electricity etc... Don't forget, that 1C of potable water also took quite a bit of electricity and infrastructure to make clean (assuming we are discussing most modern western water systems based on water treatment and not pure well water). It is worthwhile, to examine how necessary aspects of our consumption are, in order to be more efficient and use fewer resources. >I think the first thing people should ask themselves is: Why are you trying to get into this scene without any skills? For the same reasons anyone with no skills gets into anything. Some people glamorize things they don't know, others have a passion but were slow starters, other still know there is gold there, but don't have the experience to understand how to get it. I think the best thing is to be able to weed out the ones who truly are passionate about technology and are willing to learn. I would take someone super enthusiastic with an aptitude for learning and no technical skills over most others any other day. I would also point out that the author implicitly suggests no technical skill = no skills, though it could simply be sloppy writing. The community definitely needs more blog entries telling non-technical people to learn how to code. I think this is good advice but I have to nitpick one thing: as a former music director for a popular indie rock station, I have to disagree that listening to new music all day is "The coolest full-time job in the world." Joking aside, we adhere to his/pg's do more work principle almost to a fault. I constantly try to make it such that my customers have to do as little as possible to get our products to work for them and so far that has proven valuable. Scott's visit to D-Wave shifted his opinion. He obviously can't come out and say he changed his mind as a professional skeptic but it comes about as close to saying as much. http://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=954 >especially the insinuation that he's dishonestly suppressing his newfound belief in D-Wave because he's a "professional skeptic". That wasn't my intent; moreso I intended to portray that he is emphasizing, and greatly warranted in this case, scientific skepticism paraphrasing his own terms. I don't think that is the opposite. This is great and really forward looking. I have been working on an AR project on the side for almost two years now and the things Abrash points out as problems are core issues that we are trying to fix (without using real world markers). Of the three core problems that he points out, tracking really stands out as the key differentiation for us. Adding to that, how the objects must remain fixed in space is really the factor that if solved would plunge us right into next generation AR. Improved latency is almost a nice to have at this point. I disagree with most of this because I don't think it is about money, but this part in particular underplays what in my mind is the largest reason entrepreneurs cannot stand large organizations: >Corporate politics and bureaucracy are just another obstacle that can be learned and overcome You can learn to navigate politics and bureaucracy, but you can't overcome them without becoming management - in which case your hands are generally bound to the same metrics that your previous bosses were as well. If it takes 4 levels of review just to see if my project can be begun or to build a team to begin even MVP development, I don't want to be near that. It's too slow, access to resources, if available, are so tightly scrutinized that if there is any failure you can kiss future chances goodbye, attaching new hardware or software is a nightmare because the systems need to all be compatible on this network etc.. etc.. all make the large corporately integrated system terrible for the fast paced error>revise>error>revise cycle that entrepreneurs want. This is why the Valve model of flat organization is so appealing to many and spoken about in terms like "future of the workplace." I think the difference is in the contract agreement. The right comes from the user agreeing in writing to forbid doing certain things with the item. Given the fact that no one is being coerced into buying it I think the boundaries can be drawn pretty wide on those agreements. I think the question is, is it reasonable to assume that if the user broke the contract, the seller could repossess the item. I would imagine it wouldn't be any different than if someone didn't pay their car payment to the auto dealer/bank. In either case the user and seller agree to actions which each will take over a set period of time. I turned my wife onto EOM and she adopted it right away which has saved some time I am sure. I am also going to be using VSRE in upcoming messages where applicable. My approach is not so much your interaction to control a machine, more so how machines interact with your brain and body to guide your decision making. So think about BCIs and more broadly human machine interfaces for things like persistent heuristic mapping for memory augmentation (think along the lines of "tagging" events to neural activity - this might help with focused tDCS during recall) and in-stream blood toxin monitoring. >Sometimes I wonder, though, if we invented institutional Work to justify mediocrity, and make it OK. It's often portrayed as an oppression brought in by deceptive, aggressive Boss Men; but I also think people willingly participate because it's a way to substitute mediocre/subordinate social acceptance for the much more intermittent reward/thrill of genuine work. Very interesting hypothesis. If true, it would answer a lot of questions about poor performance of large organizations and also explain to me why so many people I have worked with are comfortable with said mediocrity. Care to tell which slide you thought that was? >On your left is a woman you don’t know, but she’s a friend of a friend of your cousin Irving’s roommate’s niece. Her name is Tina, a physics professor at the local university, and she likes extreme skiing, origami and baking. Tomorrow she’ll be giving a presentation. You can view her slides and video now, if you’d like, and scan her bio. You don’t. You think it’s interesting that her favorite author is Jane Austen and thirty-seven people “liked” a post she penned on the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. She’s sipping what the computer deduces to be a green apple martini and your Google-powered submicro-computer advertises a selection of snacks to go with it, as well as a choice of vodkas and mixers, which you can order at the blink of an eye. Maybe later. That sounds amazing! I would probably filter it to give me specific results because I'm not as interested in some of those things than others. You are basically making the case that more information is bad. You also assume that humans will not augment themselves to become more rational with this data - which may or may not be true. My take is that the more that is laid bare, the easier it will be for all of us to finally become completely truthful and finally eliminate once and for all the different masks we wear allowing us to all be where we are most comfortable. So right now there is some person who is secretly leading a double life with a separate family and is also secretly into Pokemon and loves listening to Justin Beiber. No one knows about this because they hide their music in a hidden folder, go to sporting events and take a visit to Argentina once a month to visit the second family while ostensibly on "business." This person would be mocked, disgraced and the like for their thoughts and behaviors by different disparate groups. If instead this was all made open to everyone there would be a social demand that would likely end up synching that persons interests and desires with their actions. I am ok with ending social mores and hangups. >What exactly is the purpose of being here if all you are doing is somewhat stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by a computer? As though you aren't stochastically deciding between a few sterile choices presented to you by your chain of previous deterministic actions >Mores, hangups, fantasy and wonder are what make up the Human True statement. Hence why a group of us are trying to transcend that humanity. As with all heuristic building there are benefits and drawbacks, but my main criterion for judgement is: Are these heuristics going to help you get better in the future? In general I find the answer is no, for the same reasons the author points out: Slower to adapt to a new environment. With faster rates of technology adoption older brains will be left in the dust as we start to capture their long term heuristics into models of social behavior that we can integrate into our decision models through our new technologies. Yet another high cost social signal that people woe over the loss of. Kramer had it right. Good riddance. Path tried that in the social network format but it doesn't seem to be catching on. I think I am in the minority when I say I am looking forward to continuous backup of my day to day activities whether it be through sousveillance or from others. I am not in the "if you don't have anything to hide crowd..." in the least and am certainly aware of the ability of those in power to abuse it. My take on it however is, I am going to just slough off the mores which I would have previously been concerned with privacy about. Catch me swearing when I shouldn't have? Oh well. Maybe I'll be less inclined to do it next time. What if I whisper a dirty idea to my wife? Well, what's wrong with a happily married couple doing what they like after all? After you have kids the idea of going to the bathroom in privacy slowly drifts out of the window - and why shouldn't it? It really doesn't make any ethical impact on me for someone to know if I am doing a biological process. My hope is, all of this will make us much more honest people. You can't embarrass/blackmail me if I cannot be embarrassed/ashamed. As I said in my post this is me being hopeful - I don't actually think it would work that way unfortunately. Ideally in your scenarios people would be able to release their own source data from their glass (or whatever) to provide context. The constant surveillance would be able to debunk all the stupid arguments against being gay, such as they lead deviant lives etc...; someone would be able to show a normal boring day coming home and having dinner with their partner and then falling asleep in the bathtub like everyone else. The idea is that in a society that is basically completely honest and open no one will hold a "moral high ground" so it would basically be impossible for information asymmetry and thus natural variation would ensure that there is no "norm." Again this is all hopeful, if doubtful. It's like observing an electron, once you take your measurement the outcome is forever changed. Some years ago (2008) research (1) demonstrated that traffic jams were chaotic dynamical systems and given a certain traffic density would be inevitable based on the variability of drivers. Here is a video demonstrating as such: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wm-pZp_mi0 I always found this fascinating. My hope is that the driverless car idea will take off in earnest and normalize the variability between drivers, making for a much more rational/logical commute. 1: http://iopscience.iop.org/1367-2630/10/3/033001/fulltext/ >IMHO any type of coercion or blackmail of any leader of any country is tantamout to an act of war against the citizens of that country. That is quite a bold statement and I think greatly reduces what nearly every government would consider an act of war to the lowest bar possible - namely embarrassment. An act of war is broadly something that would have a direct, immediate and lasting impact on a large segment of civilian, non-affiliated, non-combatant, non-hostile persons. Your ideas don't meet that threshold and persons within their own governments would likely be held to those same "war" declarations. It certainly can be argued, but I don't think it does by definition. My problem is that your distinction is false between foreign power and native power. If the same coercive actions (soft blackmail like with Rep. Wiener or Chappaquiddick etc...) are taken by other politicians or croneys seeking power in the same nation, people don't raise nearly the fuss - that's just "politics." See: Every negative election everywhere. I make no distinction - the end goal is that one group has more "power" or access over the others. Literally impossible to get rid of this quirk of politics with our biology. Making those things "Acts of war" is just untenable. Excellent reasoning, didn't think about the person protecting their data as the one escalating the situation. >We are not in a war, no matter what some say I guess it depends on your perspective. Maybe you aren't, but hundreds of my good friends are, at the behest of the president that, assuming you are a US Citizen, you had a part in electing (also, assuming you are a part of society). So the people who actually fund and execute wars think "we" are at war. I would say that should pretty much settle it. I wonder if it would have been much worse than it is now. See: Michelle Alexander's The New Jim Crow As a semi-unrelated note, as someone who has to watch a lot of near east homemade "terrorist" videos, this video gives a great western corollary to the incessant "Allahu Akbar" that is chanted throughout those videos. The "Oh my god" is almost literally a translation and is used in similar manner and contexts, though not all. This looks like an AMAZING trip. I am jealous as hell...if nothing else for the Rogue Whiskey. Fascinating anecdote! Like the author, I have the same, scattered detailed images of places/things/people from all over - but it is not sequential and it is not a searchable database. I would definitely echo the: "Now here's a random very specific memory to take up all your working memory and distract you from your actual task" type of daily interruption such a memory has. I would trade this "skill" any day for the ability to remember people's names the first time. At least for me I would say yes. I know I can think of my grandmother's house and immediately smell it. Maybe. I just know that I can do it and also have some overlap with the eidetic memory crowd. Whether those are disjoint groups or not I don't know. Does anyone find it ironic that the same folks who are anti-libertarian (not necessarily the HN crowd) and anti-tea party are strident supporters of a tea-party favorite congressman's amendment. The idea that such a group would rally around someone who they would not have voted for, seems strange. I am not sure if I should be proud that a citizenry can see past politics and rally based on substance, or if they are totally out of touch with how politics works. I wonder if there is room in the market to disrupt polling then. I have never been part of a poll but have heard similar bad things about their structure, so I wonder if anyone is out there trying to make it more accurate. I cannot stand having to watch a video in order to see what something is all about - especially if I am on mobile. I think having this quote from the "What we do" page on the main page, above or below the video, would be massively beneficial if nothing else: "Points of Light is partnering with Village Capital to launch the first startup accelerator program focused on “civic ventures” – enterprises that inspire, equip and mobilize people to create positive change." Simple. A sad fact of life is that sales and marketing are what distinguish successful products from flops. Regardless of the quality of your product, if users don't know your product exists, understand how it can solve their problem and have a efficient mechanism to adopt it, your product will die. Completely aside from the main point, but I am curious as to why the New Yorker chose to use umlauts for all of the instances of the word: "coöperate." It's a latin word so I wouldn't expect to see that. I wonder if it is a rendering trick or something intentional for tracking. Ah thanks! Never knew about that. >My issue is with the idea that society is some brittle construct that's reliant on (dis)honesty, and especially the idea that you would be angry at the person who leaked a secret rather than the person holding the secret. Well, I am sorry to say that in fact society is that brittle and you are being lied to in one fashion or another most of the time. I do want to clarify what I mean by lying though because it would be easy to interpret what I am saying as conspiratorial. In fact what I mean is that your information diet is nearly completely full with selective information, weasel words, legalese and implied trust. The constructs between nations and even within our nation are the same and often worse than interpersonal relations. So the reason that you trust any entity is not because they are moral pillars, its because they don't show you the questionable things that people do on a day to day basis that make little difference. This is exactly the argument against the widespread intelligence gathering - everyone is doing something illegal at pretty much any time. Similarly everyone, whether they know it or not lies to others on a daily basis ( http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/homo-consumericus/201111... ) So yes, it really is that fragile and it is insanely magnified at the global politics level way beyond you would even imagine. >The US government feels alright with the fact that they have publicly declared anyone living outside the US a possible enemy. I disagree with this. The people who are tasked to prevent foreign powers from attacking, destabilizing or hindering U.S. intentions have a stated mission to prevent them from doing so and as such have that as a minimum starting point. If you look at the other arms of the USG, namely the State department their charter is exactly the opposite, building partnerships, making friends etc... So yes, the DoD and CIA view the rest of the world as hostile to the US by default. That's what they are there to defend against so it would make sense. That said, there are tons of building partnerships, humanitarian relief and international relations missions stemming from the DoD to foreign allies and partners. Its actually growing quite a bit - and likewise makes defending the nation against materiel proliferation, attacks, espionage etc... harder. I think this is a fantastic interpretation and hits some of the nails on the head. >The yardstick by which you've chosen to determine if a job is "worthwhile" is whether anyone would notice if those workers disappeared. This is how I judge mine and others' work on a normal basis. As a result, I have always been jealous of those who are ultra-specified because they are the literal choke points of production or whatever effort is happening. Thinking about it more though, it would seem to me to make sense that people should be fluid between capabilities. Much like you are instructed to diversify your investment portfolio, perhaps you should be diversifying your skill sets. The trouble there is that you end up a jack of all trades and master of none. This leaves folks like me in a gulch - and generally always dependent on a subject matter expert to get things done in nearly any domain. On the flip side I can move between domains fairly fluidly at a reasonable if not sufficient level of competence to get the job done - making my core skill the skill of persuasion (to hire people onto my teams etc...). I don't know if there is an answer to this problem here but I think it might be worth thinking about more. Cheers! I would love to see that happen, but I don't think we can handle it from a biological perspective. We are too emotional, vain and have too muddled an understanding of our own goals and volition to be able to be honest even with ourselves let alone the rest of the world. It just doesn't seem feasible without some kind of widespread cognitive change. To wit, from the front page of HN right now: "Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe" http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-23779561 Indeed you are correct that the truth will come out and I am the first person to support full transparency. I do know however that in this example, if the Japanese said they don't know what they are doing, please help - the people in charge would lose their jobs immediately. So it's not just a one way street with people being honest, it is also the public and everyone who has a voice understanding that there is a difference between incompetence, hostile intent and accidents. People at the basic level demand perfection from people in power - so those in power do everything that they can to make it look like they are either infallible, or are victims. In one way or another how we as a society respond to failure that will determine how truthful we can be. If we continue to have the zero fault mindset for those in power, they will continue to lie. I think those are all totally reasonable and justifiable feelings. I agree in general that our military/intelligence arm has been carrying the US brand the loudest since 9/11. I think that was by design. I won't argue whether that is good or bad, because I could make the case either way. My intent was to say that yes the self protective parts of the government are going to be inherently anti-foreign, by design. I think what your comment adds is basically replying to that with: "Ok, well if you guys make that part of your government the loudest and strongest part to the rest of the world, we probably will stop liking you guys, and will stop wanting to play with you." I think that is a very valid criticism. It is one for the legislators and the public to take on however, not the arms of the government that are intended to protect it. >And if you’re wrong about a bunch of things, you’re obviously not as smart or as good or as worthwhile a person as you previously believed. These are all true statements. Most people are not as smart or good or worthwhile as they believe, myself included. That makes true rational implementation of policy extremely unlikely . Kind of like Capitol Bells? http://capitolbells.com/#about-the-app I recall the creator talking about this at length on reddit or somesuch in recent months. Also Direct Democracy is a nightmare. See: California. Arnold Schwarzenegger outlines why his attempt at making most of his major issues ballot initiatives in his first term was a disaster in his book Total Recall. He markets himself very aggressively, which I think is pretty good. Last year he did the run across America with Regis and whoever he is with now. He has written a few books and is always at ultraraces...he was the starter for the most recent Ultramarahon that I did. This is why the idea of a basic income has taken off within the futurology crowd (including myself). We have to do something about these folks and fairly quickly because it will be upon us soon I think. I think this was excellent observation - one that I did not make the first time around. I am unsure if I find it compelling that there is some utility in having a person there for the human contact piece. If you were able to remove the person and retain the usability within a non-human interface (to an equally useful or better replacement) would people say "I wish there were a person here?" I would like to say no for most cases, I think there are a few people who would prefer that almost in spite of the efficiency gain. This strikes me as odd. As a parent (dad) of two, I wouldn't ever dream of feeling odd about holding either of my kids' hands - or even for that matter chasing them down when they run away screaming (which happens often). Just a counter data point here. As usual, Randall Munroe was basically correct in identifying the best way to get into closed systems: http://xkcd.com/538/ Find the weak points in a system, which are more often than not, the pink fleshy things using them.