I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :) In their interactions with Quebec residents, apparently yes. The actual decoding passes don't translate well to shader architectures, so GPUs include custom circuitry to handle various transformations involved in decoding. I am sorry to say, but in this case, at least some people I know would refuse not because it's "old", but because it's PHP. They would joke about rather using COBOL than PHP, indeed. (I count among them, and yes, I do remember enough to somehow get by in ISPF on IBM mainframe ;)) The long loading time might be unoptimized-yet parsing of various XML files of ones app. In general, it's mostly an evolutionary work on existing IntelliJ Android plugin. The View editor afaik has some support for custom views, but only some - it's rather iffy (IntelliJ Android view renderer simply used Android libs to render them, but of course that doesn't work for everything, and anything fully programmatic is dead anyway). Fwiw, IntelliJ's XML editor was always much better at not freaking out at the fact that you haven't finished writing that new tag so of course your view doesn't validate (something that was a constant for me back when I used Eclipse). The editors in general are standard for IntelliJ, with some nifty transformations added - the XML string example reminds me of how IntelliJ dynamically renders certain idioms into Java 8 forms while still keeping the code in 1.6 (well, that's how I have it configured, that is). In general, it's nice, I hope it will be available as plugin into plain old IntelliJ as well. Hmm... other than some issues with disappearing completion windows (probably related to me running XMonad), I haven't really found it to be that ugly on linux... Maybe not very slick, but frankly speaking, for the benefits it's small price :D Could you describe your workflow/emacs.d ? I've been thinking of going with Emacs for Java coding for some time, but JDEE always seemed to be missing something (and some of the newer options tended to eat hilarious amounts of resources or required maven) I think that there's a significant number of people who didn't do the learning you apparently did, and instead tried a let's call it "vocational" approach. Funnily enough, such approach is at the core of the jokes about a so-called "humanist" studies leading to a job at McDonald's - the difference being that you can usually get by enough to start in STEM fields. The other group of people complaining about university, to whom I sometimes belong, is grumpy due to how easy it is to be self taught, even if you might miss some of the more theoretical stuff that you won't use unless you work on a harder problem than most software in the world. Sometimes it's not even about education as much as it is about finances - I quite often found myself looking at job ads and thinking "I could do the job right now if I dropped uni, and I would have no more problems with money". I have seen bias based on operating hours which can benefit USA based freelancers, but rarely I had seen someone explicitly wanting someone from USA when the job didn't involve on-site work. OTOH, I have actually seen jobs restricted to countries marked as "developing economies" in order to take only the cheaper bids. I think the real issue is that nobody[1] really cares about ad-hoc networking, especially in anything linux related. I recall times when NetworkManager team, back then the only "nice" tool for wifi, outright claimed they don't ever care about ad-hoc (or even static IP). Similarly, barely anything appears to support ad-hoc, and I am not sure if many current users recall that it exists at all… [1] an obvious hyperbole, but that's the feeling I get In Ruby World, Sequel ( http://sequel.jeremyevans.net/ ) probably gives a bit of best of both ORM and direct SQL use, because what it really does is an object-oriented ("native" to language) interface to SQL database. And yes, it can build models like ActiveRecord, too! In Common Lisp, postmodern ( http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/postmodern/ ) serves a similar role, with both DAO and lower-level access methods that compose pretty well. The 'perec' ORM from DWIM project was based on Postmodern, and among some weirder things I did quite easily was embedding custom SQL into query builder, so that the object-based accesses would use the advanced SQL. Really nifty feature :) Pretty much the only license that CDDL conflicts with is GPL, and that's because of differing approaches of both licenses rather than one being non-free (IMO). However, that doesn't really prevent it from being used with linux in any practical use… Yes, it does happen on some text inputs, it tends to depend on relative size (for example, I recall zoom in landscape but not necessarily in portrait, etc.). Generally I welcome it, because I can click on the teeeny input field and have it come "closer" to me for editing then get out of the way. IIRC, Sun sued Microsoft for creating & pushing proprietary extension that, when used, limited the created application to Windows platform and MS' JVM. Not for improving Java itself, afaik. Aren't both of those only on non-thinkpad branded machines? I think most Mac hardware doesn't have the ability to drive them at 60hz. Except people have bad tendency to not throw out prototypes and are unwilling to do the work to deal with bad decisions from the prototype time... Not that much manual setup - just check it out into quicklisp local-projects directory, and run (ql:quickload "sketch") Seriously, what kind of pre-done setup one needs these days? Even PDE-style package can be prepared for this with CL-launch and some editor support, and the editor is probably going to be biggest issue (if not using SLIME and Emacs). It's doable to make a single monolithic application out of Sketch as well, but I guess it hasn't been done yet (especially since most lispers use SLIME) ... Except that BeOS didn't really put anything that isn't also present in Windows or (much later) in OSX, as well as at least some implementations in Linux. And I might be a bit pedantic, but filesystems are databases. Indexing and navigation methods sometimes differ, but a lot of people use advanced indexing in windows that not only checks extended attributes but also contents. etc. Papert's approach was, AFAIK, wildly different compared to recent spread of "just teach people to code". Papert was going more about actual thinking and exploration using new tools, rather than "teaching everyone to code". Except that "Setup Mode" exists and every serious computing device that uses Secure Boot provides it, because big business customers wants it. What is "Setup Mode"? It's "load your own root of trust and wipe any preinstalled keys". Nothing, nothing says that the root of trust has to be from Microsoft or Intel (and Secure Boot specification that is tested for Windows Logo certification would reject such system unless manufactured by Microsoft or Intel). The difference with jumper is that you have standardized APIs etc. for the signing process, including a standardized "jumper". And they seem to continue to false axiom of assuming "static" == "strong" and "dynamic" == "weak". FFS, some people should finally learn. The real big power of Access was that it could use other database engines through ODBC. Quick RAD tool for databases! It already was such a system - configure the database to use a named ODBC data source that points to shared server instead of JET file, distribute, run. That's more a disaster of our tooling - that we have menial work still, even though it was regarded bad and avoidable in 1970s with C! (not to mention smalltalk, lisp, etc.). GCE provides significantly more reliability promises to us, from the PoV of user - As far as I know, DigitalOcean and RamNode don't provide things like no-downtime host maintenance (hell, AWS doesn't provide that) Interestingly, the "3 cores for 1 user acing one" would explain the pricing of "preemptible" instances - which can cost as little as 1/3rd of full instance. And the main difference is that they are fully rescheduled every 24h or more often, and there's no live-migration for maintenance... … I am now wondering if GCE runs fault-tolerant VMs. Because if it does, holy moly As someone who has run Hdfs in production on bare metal, I wonder how much you dislik gitlab... TL;DR - HDFS is rarely the answer, mainly due to pains usually involving crashed nameservers. Naughty Dog still does so, just usually for game logic, tooling etc. with core engine in C++ (reasons are afaik language-unrelated). Some presentations about uncharted and other games they did recently describe how they use it Dial up lines are still available in some datacenters, had some both for services and for OOB access as recent as 2015 (San Jose) As someone who learnt to glide on modern (30:1 glide ratio) glider, those numbers make me think of truly ancient hardware... A core issue is the use of Record/Playback approach... something that Selenium itself has dropped long ago (Selenium IDE is dead, people, DEAD). In my experience, once you stop trying to record clicks, often on elements that will dynamically change outside of your control, and instead use proper coded tests for locating UI elements like Selenium 2+ gives you, it's much easier to have both tests that don't break and tests that are easy to maintain. There's even a specific concept in UX research related to that whose name escapes me at the moment, but generally boils to "discoverable interface" that is also open and encouraging the user to explore. This way you aren't "blocked" when you first open the application - but you're encouraged to learn and become expert. The signals are skewed in predictable way, which allows recovering the ordering of transmission. IIRC, there's no common clock at all, each lane is "independent" and the ordering is applied on top. Workers aren't well empowered in many of those situations, at least in my experience. Those productive engineers? They figured enough of office politics skills to do the equivalent of taking a manager to a dark alley, then leaving the mutilated remains hanging from the "gate" to their time. Unfortunately, those skills are not skills we teach anyone, at least not in computing. Meanwhile, project management seems to be a common subject in engineering classes in other areas... I find it rather rare for GNU to actually use (any) lisp or support it. Sometimes I have a feeling that only a few hard working people somehow carry the torch of Guile as standard extension language of GNU project. :( Well, I recognize my own lack of skills there. What's worse is that I also have a generally uphill battle with interpersonal skills, so I'm really not the person to teach them to anyone. However, so long as we don't have professional courses taking this into account I don't think we can talk about teaching "software engineers". It's also horribly written and essentially a bad joke. I don't have anything against Apocrypha in an otherwise serious document, but this is so badly written that I know people who only understood what it was talking about on the third read of it, specifically looking for the meaning. It's so low quality that I suspect many people simply don't care about keeping it in, especially as it comes out of left field and not, let's say, general snarky tone (which can be great as anyone in the trenches can recall from time to time). Considering the stories of the breakdown of MIT AI Lab, you might be... surprised. (No, Levy's book was not honest to the facts) Unfortunately, at times I look at GNU and see that it's a project whose success is in spite of RMS. He gave a good basis in the original manifest, gave generally good inspiration, but that's what it is - inspiration. Said inspiration made people work on the projects that over time somehow managed to end up under GNU umbrella. But a lot of RMS-managed, top-down GNU projects? Never got anywhere. See also the discussion mentioned by Ulrich Drepper back in 2001, regarding RMS' behaviour back when Ulrich started to port glibc to linux. "Hackers: Heroes of the Computing Revolution" is probably the most common source for those who "weren't there" about AI Lab, and it paints a story of the lab being destroyed by Symbolics, proprietary software etc. - I have personally seen the meme of "AI Lab hackers got bought out" with referrals to the book itself. What a lot of people don't know is that one of the descriptions used by RMS to talk about how "AI Lab lost people", the story of how he couldn't meet people at lunch, isn't because they left AI Lab for "evil corporations". It was because a lot of people avoided RMS, especially after lawsuit often considered more crucial for the creation of GNU than the Xerox printer story (Stallman violated Symbolics-MIT source licensing deal). From better sources, I have met two AI Lab members from 1970s - one even claimed to have been RMS' supervisor back when RMS was Harvard Undergrad working part-time (and if certain war story is to be believed, is indirectly responsible for Emacs happening) - the impression left was that a lot of RMS' AI Lab contemporaries wouldn't shake hands with him since 1980s. Heard also interesting stories on RMS' mismanagement of early Hurd initiative and how it resulted in close to 0 work being done. The fun thing is that Go on unix is not the native Go environment, and it shows in several places, including treatment of import paths of all things (the whole GOPATH thing). It shows even more in the fact that it originated, and afaik is still partially compatible, with a C compiler that is completely alien to both GCC and MSVC worlds. In essence, Cgo is a hack even on GCC. Windows treatment of C and C++ as "just yet another language" is very alien, however, to the devs who come from unix world, and many basic things are not handled corrently by them or even planned for :( The compiler backend, till the Go rewrite, had been in production use for ~15 years or so from the top of my head, it's just neither GCC, nor the new hotness LLVM. Calling convention TBQH is something that often has to be custom in a language outside of interop bits, otherwise you are forced to deal with various C-style brammage. Unfortunately most OSes don't have language-independent interop calling conventions (Windows has COM, VMS has, iirc, SDL, the rest pretty much has nothing), so even if technically there's some official document practically you get stuck with peculiarities of a specific compiler and its relationship with C standard library. Syscalls are about the only safe interface on most unices and the reason why you can make self-standing Go programs that don't bring glibc garbage and random and unexpected shared library dependencies, something that is quite a reason for the following Go gets on container based platforms. A significant part of it is that there's a disconnect between a bunch of the core team, and the rest of the world, because even said fossilized group of the community often has no idea about certain Go fundamentals (like that significant portion of the runtime is copy-paste rewrite of certain C libraries, libs that even were part of the runtime before the rewrite, and that Go is verily not unix/posix native language). Yet Excel is probably one of the best "UIs" you could support for data entry in the workplace. Damn easy to create new forms, actually not that bad to implement import if the forms aren't brain damaged, it probably beats whatever you make in terms of UX for data entry not to mention ability to massage data locally. The problem is, IMO, the lack of middle ground. A lot of those solutions are old, and integration of more modern functionality is lagging - it's there, but it's not well integrated because the concept of multi-user system with access controls wasn't a concern when the system was originally made! The problem isn't that Access locked in data, it was that people stuck with MS JET engine instead of hooking ODBC server properly - then Access became a funky, useful UI tool for databases. I recently started working with DCOS, and so far it seems that while it might have been more mature and ready platform 2-3 years ago, today I have to deal with issues I don't have to care about on K8s Modding tools (supposedly based on real SDK) for Homeworld (don't recall if 1 or 2, I think 2 since I recall switching some crucial values to make game easier for last mission) used Excel with extensions. GWT is still alive though I think mostly forked by now, and used mostly in Enterprise systems, not fancy-shmancy world of startups and SFBA. It was a flood prevention system which was triggered by IRCcloud network going broken for a long period of time. It's also used by several other open source channels. Oracle is not capable of relicensing OpenZFS, as they do not hold the copyright for it past code that is common between ZFS v28/ZPOOL v5 and OpenZFS. From my understanding both Linus and ZoL team prefer to be separate. It's the opposite way - GPL automatically covers the final product, and does not allow for licenses that have stronger terms than itself. CDDL is per-file license, does not automatically extend itself to the whole product. But it also has wording about patents et al, which puts it beyond direct inclusion in kernel just like MPL. Out of tree with one degree of separation (Solaris Porting Layer) is based on the precedent of AFS implementation for linux, where the argument was that the code is not derivative of Linux kernel code, as in no way was VFS unique to linux or any other crucial part involved. Apple AFAIK started work with Sun in charge - it was Oracle getting its hands on Solaris tech that had Apple pull out. I believe SNI had been considered a privacy leak and thus there are calls to replace it? classic Unix memory management is based about "break pointers" which describe highest address of data segment, and a top of stack pointer, which limits the stack segment. Those areas are linear and you can't free a part in the middle. This is a historical curiosity from PDP-11 before the advent of paging, but apparently still used by some malloc() implementations. Modern memory management doesn't use linear mapping but instead uses paging to create chunks of accessible memory. Some applications still use a big linear address space by appropriately asking the OS then interoperating with memory management to only request the memory that is needed I can only base this on discussions with ZoL maintainers. From my personal look, there could be significant mess due to attempts to "remove duplication" or similar moves to make the code more linux-like. While ZFS is not the rampant layering violation some people accused it of, there's significant amount of code there (and funnily enough, there's actually overlap with some less-known linux features) Why not both? I also recall that a lot of local clinics one would normally go to end up closing thanks to lower funding... so, let's fund more walk-in clinics around? Sats have wild accuracy shifts and depend heavily on the plane being fully operational. Ultimately what you end up with sats anyway is list of waypoints, not anything dynamic, and it can be done with radar as well. No, they do realize exactly that, which is why quite often the paths didn't change as much as they could and why aviation community tends to rebuke ideas like "remove SSR and PSR because GPS and Mode S + ADS-B is enough". Sats provide good "happy path" when everything is ok and allow greater density. But approach and departure routes are going to be designed for safety as well, including when those features fail. In-flight accidents are a thing. GPS and the like provide an efficient "happy path" and a horrible failure mode, which is why there's strong opposition to the removal of radars "because ADS-B/Mode S is good enough" Have you looked at how Smalltalk and late Xerox Interlisp/Xerox Common Lisp machines managed that? I haven't worked with specifics of storage in Smalltalk environments, but Xerox Interlisp didn't use text at all, nor files IIRC Making working per-project definitions in NixOS is what ultimately got me to drop NixOS :( The specific reason is Ruby + RoR leading to nokogiri... which is something people have been dealing with for several years and there's no solution, and I lost the one file where I managed to get it working good enough to launch rubymine in a way that sees everything necessary. Similar issues crop in other places, due to how Nix dependencies are handled like unflattened node_modules at times :/ "clusterfuck" and "ansible scripts" tend to go hand-in-hand no matter what you're deploying, though - at least in my experience. That said, Ansible scripts used by OpenShift take the cake so far for me, some of the worst I ever encountered. But guess what? You don't need all that, which is exactly what things like k3s are exploiting. The common joke became that devstack was the only thing actually tested and if something ran there it was considered done... The practical end result was that you didn't buy "OpenStack", you bought "Mirantis OpenStack" or "Juniper Openstack" (... that one was so broken...) and so on, and there wasn't much portability between them. It has a very clear API stability process, preventing the typical arguments about google dropping things willy-nilly. I rarely have to change anything in my manifests to get them to run after upgrading k8s Running openstack inside docker using k8s is how SAP managed to waive many pains of openstack installation/maintenance If the compile tasks depends on OSX, things get crazy. Even if you can avoid OSX for iOS (here be dragons, but it's possible) Lisp, Smalltalk, Self, and more. Huge body of research that appears nobody pointed out to authors back when this was written (it's a BSc work if I understand correctly, and supervisor should have pointed literature out...) Good work otherwise :-) On some of the most popular GPUs (intel) you get reliable VSync without compositor because synchronization logic has been removed from the chip. And while some tolerate tearing, many don't Do we actually "know"? Cause I "know" that the opposition to GPL was not to make it incompatible with GPL (which is a point of contention actually, and hits deeply into question of when a code is derived code). The point was that making OpenSolaris GPL would block integration chances with NON-GPL projects. In fact, at least one anecdote points out that Sun expected CDDL components to make it into Linux source, just like cases of other non-GPL components in the past (AFS, for example) The very term REPL comes from a language that's been used compiled to native code since 1960s (Lisp) In fact, "compiled" programs on many platforms require an interpreter to set them up by dynamic code loading (including modifications if needed). In ELF header, it's called "program interpreter", which gives a path to a program that understands this particular file and can assembly a running image in memory There's a difference between owning the job in organization and farming it out completely. You don't need to have all competencies inside your org, but you better have some kick-ass people you can trust that can ensure you're not scammed by external consultants - or who know how to talk with contractors so that the project is not catastrophically buggered by nonsensical behaviour and unrealistic expectations of your org An example of a blackboard system in the wild that many would be exposed to today is kubernetes For certain security profiles in Windows 10 and related Windows Server versions, it's required that Secure Boot uses customer keys and MS keys are purged (you have to sign your installs with your own keys). Due to that, any "enterprise level" hardware has to have a way to switch Secure Boot into "SETUP" mode, which cleans all keys and let's you put in your own master keys. MCA was normal DMA bus, including extensions to use it as memory bus (which added few pins to help recognize a memory card and manage it, with plain MCA transfers for access) Closest to complex "IO Channel Program" on PCs was I2O which largely tanked despite leaving huge mark on SCSI controller design. While I don't like that tone, it's at times hard to not fall into it. Because all of this had happened before and will happen again, often without learning anything about the past (example case: NoSQL) No, they aren't. Generally you have some level of grouping and complex rules on how and when can they branch For those who balk at the mentioned 192kB of memory - the addressable memory was 32 kilo-words (each 48 bit), and the ma vc one was equipped with virtual memory so actual physical memory was larger. I'll give a potentially flamebaity response... But it's because reality appears to say that OSI protocols were right and TCP was wrong. Plain TCP essentially emulates a full duplex serial port. Applications need more on top of that. Methods for framing, attaching Metadata, data flows, secure transport layers, etc. So HTTP which provides a modicum of those options ends up being default, because it's available. For comparison, OSI defined various components to handle those elements and a proper OSI stack should have then available to application developer. Another example would be Symbolics Lisp Machines (Genera) where the network layer provided a bunch of mid-layer protocols, like one which provided messages that were formed of basic typed data structures. So people would use those to quickly build custom protocols for their applications, thanks to not having to deal with low level details. Various Middleware also come to mind. TCP is not enough. Expert systems are AI. (and some of us are salty about statistics creeping overreach on terminology). It seems to me that HN might not be too frequented hy people who work with symbolic AI, but expert systems and semantic tools are very, very deeply connected. In fact, semantic technologies are derived from work on expert systems, and using JESS with RDF store was part of my coursework at university. One day I switched off turbo while playing Test Drive 3. Suddenly, I didn't need superhuman reflexes to play, and could drive on curves at speed :-D Reference counting nor "manual" memory management are not faster than GC by themselves. Both tend to have pretty bad slowdowns that tend to result in optimizations... By batching operations similar to "GC pass", because there are different metrics of performance and occasional pause appears to be good compromise for most. Personally I'm partial to deterministic schemes akin to IBM Metronome, where GC runs in bounded static time. By energy use, Garbage Collection is generally better than typical manual approach, except for when "GC" is actually a naive refcount. Exact results depend on what metrics are you targeting - a stop the world pause can result in very efficient (in total time and power use) system, but one that has problematic latencies. A metronome style approach will have lower efficiencies but timings more predictable than reasonably optimized malloc()/free() We wrote latency-sensitive and high-performance code in GCed languages back in 1980s - avoiding pauses or having predictable latencies (in fact, more predictable than usual manual memory management!) are more of "we don't teach people how to program" rather than issue with GC. As for energy savings, many garbage collectors have amortized energy use lower than malloc/free. Even pretty simple ones (some of the simplest I've seen beat it so hard it's not competition, but they are specific to their application) A good "keyword" to search is "non-consing code", from lisp lore meaning it doesn't construct (allocate) new space. As sibling comment says, it often involved object caches and static allocations. Interestingly enough, similar rules are necessary with malloc()/free where dynamic allocation is often forbidden for latency critical code (or safety critical one) Also - I really, really recommend reading the classic GC book ( http://gchandbook.org/ ) and related sources. I stopped complaining too much about developers when I noticed pretty much Noone gets taught how memory management works - either manual or GC Because people aren't taught about GC or memory management at all, so cheap soundbites about "GC being bad" from old survives as "wisdom" The point is that you lose not only in tight loops. (Tight loop allocating with good GC is actually well known good [1] case, it's deallocation that is PITA). free() as well as malloc() and related have significantly complex algorithms behind them, unless one can simplify base memory management in certain ways - and those ways tend to also allow region-enabled GC to outperform them anyway. [1] Allocating memory in many Garbage Collected systems can be down to one instruction, and if using per-thread heap, it can be atomic add without CAS Symbolics (and other systems like it) had typed memory with hw type checking (so you had safe memory by default), and had one important bit for efficient GC (one that is also utilized by Azul and Shenandoah) - forwarding pointers, in their case implemented "transparently" to actual code. With forwarding pointer, you can copy data and update a reference in a way that is transparent to concurrently running code, as when it access the data again the CPU (or software implementation) will notice the data had been moved and follow the forwarding pointer to new location. The rest of the support for GC was centered around structure of virtual memory, without anything very specific to GC in hw - we're talking about things like "memory is divided into X areas, inside each area the lower side is ephemeral... " etc. There was also some register use to keep track of GC status. I think some versions had MMU or page fault handler update the GC register data.