I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle. If you had a systolic array that was generic and routless, you could very easily compile (at run time) the filter coefficients directly into the logic, updating as you go. I'd feed inputs from the left, passing them through towards the right, then reflect them back in a manner that would keep timing right. Sums would accumulate and appear as outputs on the left. If you clocked the whole array with a 2 phase clock, you'd get an answer out every cycle, once all the pipelines were filled. Delphi was amazing. The best GUI builder I've ever seen, fast as blazes... then Borland went bust, and it got killed by being priced into obscurity. What if we just took a bunch of old steel I-beams, cut them into sheets, ground and polished them flat, then scanned with a scanning tunnelling electron microscope and looked for evidence of interaction with dark matter? You could run an experiment with observations going back to the production of the steel... 100+ years of data at the get go. Consider this: Every day that Tesla, and the electric car/solar future is delayed, is another $5 Billion of revenue for the oil and gas industry. There is a strong incentive to spread every possible bad news item about Tesla for all the people in that industry which comprises 2-3 percent of the world's GDP. In fact, if you see light from 10 billion light years away, as far as the photon is concerned, it just left, traveled for zero time, and hit your eyeball. I'm amazed that it's less than a picojoule to do an 8 bit add. Most of the transistors in a modern computation environment are just sitting there waiting to be touched by an instruction (far, far more transistors in RAM than in the CPUs, overall).... computing prematurely optimized on the wrong architecture.... there's still a lot of room to grow, speed wise. It is possible to make secure operating systems, doing so has been discouraged since the demise of multics. A sense of futility is now endemic to the Information Technology community, because they think such a thing is impossible, they won't even try, and actively deride anyone who states otherwise. The security research required to build multi-level secure operating systems was completed in response to information processing requirements during the Vietnam conflict... there are multiple models which work... none of which are implemented. It doesn't have to be this way... look up capability based security. That was interesting, but I need to let those things sit for a day or two and stew in my brain. The frequency at which an MRI works is directly proportional to the strength of magnetic field,all the way down to that of the earth's magnetic field. The downside is that sampling time is inversely proportional to frequency... which makes getting high resolution at low fields impractical. Seems like he's made some trade-offs and likely some better signal processing to help make up for the lower field. I'm fairly certain I could explain the whole thing, all the way down, to any sufficiently interested person. I'll never forget the day that my chemistry professor explained how a transistor worked... no quantum mechanics required. Sure, I'd have to look some details up, but if I can learn it, so can you. So, if I understand this correctly... Gaussian Processes are a way of trying every possible function to fit a set of data points, being constrained a bit more with each new data point. All neural networks in the list, given sufficient size, are essentially Gaussian in their behavior, and thus share the same features and limitations. Right? Google Picasa - A photo organizer that works offline, and lets you run facial recognition on your photos to organize and tag them. It has a bug, and sometimes gets labels swapped if you have more than one in a photo, which then metastasizes to corrupt the samples used to compare new photos against. It was awesome, and now it's gone. The fix is described at .." rel="nofollow">https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... . it was simple, but elusive because of unsafe assumptions made in the name of performance. "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." The fix was to undo a seemingly safe performance tweak... From https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." I did too... but plowed forward with a project in Python... until it stalled.... took about 20 hours and re-implemented it in Lazarus/Free pascal, and haven't looked back since. It's not quite as solid as Delphi was, but then again I don't have $5k to dump on a compiler right now. I wrote a co-operative multi-tasker for Turbo Pascal 7, back in the day. I needed to be able to pipe things between a few filter routines, and it helped make everything work. In the middle of compute heavy code, you sprinkled calls to "Yield"... and it worked. The article seems to be gone from the website... but my standard diatribe could still fit... here's the tldr: Current OS designs can't protect themselves because they lack "capabilities".. a concept created to solve problems during the Vietnam war, perfected in the 1970s and then forgotten by almost everyone... except a few folks, some of whom are at genode.org I was hoping to find something I could use on my PC, only to find it is a service, not an RSS reader. I used to use Turbo Pascal, then Delphi long ago... both object oriented, and useful as heck. These days I'm getting warmed up to Lazarus/FreePascal, as the Delphi price hikes killed it as an option. I have no idea what a "factory" is... and hope I never find out. C++, C#, etc all are too darned fixated on proving how clever the programmers and language designers are.... meanwhile we just get stuff done in the Pascal world. It's the C that's the problem. That sounds like a really bad idea. Eventually you'll consider the SVN stuff to be lost, and it'll be impractical to import it later. As all the responses show, that history has real value.. you don't want to lose it. And if you can't afford Delphi, Lazarus is okay, not as well documented, but works well, and the price is right. ($0.00) I wrote an application that we sold to clients in TP. I implemented a set of libraries to do forms based editing, a cooperative form of multi-tasking, and the ability to pipe text between those tasks. It was a lot of fun, and a bit mind bending to have a function return from the spawn call twice. 8) that was not expletive-laden it was not a rant he sounded pretty calm, but annoyed to me. I have a friend who used to work at IBM... and does Model railroading... there could be an interesting intersection there. 8) This could be used as a combustor in a turbine engine, increasing efficiency by a few percent... which could save huge amounts of fuel. The idea of hiding all the icons when not on the screen surprised me... I've been using computers since 1979, and never thought of doing that. I do like his point about the increasingly small and easy to miss targets that GUIs have been forcing on us... especially now that my laptop has a 1920x1080 display and a crappy NO BUTTON touch pad. (more than 1/2 of the time I get a right-click instead of left-click!) If I could somehow activate a menu with maximum 8 choices in each keyboard direction (that are NOT subject to automatic moving around, so that a given motion is repeatable)... and cascade that as many levels deep as required.... I could get a lot more done, a lot faster. It was worth the watch time, thanks! I had the job of repairing some of these. They were made by Westinghouse in 1964 as part of a control system running an 6 stand rolling mill. The nice thing about them is you can have several inputs, all electrically isolated from each other (separate sense windings) and they worked all the way down to DC, which surprised the heck out of me. The driver was a 10khz square wave, so the frequency response was DC to 1khz... fast enough for control loops. The only thing missing from modern pascal (Lazarus/Free Pascal) is first class support for the new types such as lists, generators, heaps and other goodies Python and it's kin bring to the party. I needed to pull a parameter from a string yesterday, reached back into my archives, and with a little bit of work... 28 year old code did the job. (Strings have changed a bit since MS-DOS) Wait, there's a timer involved? I always ignore those. Our Chicago area group (APCU) is down to about 50 members, and we meet virtually thanks to the mismanagement of the plague here in the US, last time was a Zoom call. The hardware has gotten reliable, and even the software isn't so cringy as it used to be. Gone are the days when we started each meeting with "Microsoft Bashing" just to get it out of the way. So there we were... expecting a + or - on the test... we got a vertical bar | and a 2 day wait because we were in the middle of nowhere... Yellowstone. Sproutlet is 14 now. 8) Prediction: In the next few days, the NSA/FBI use their trove of data to track down all of Antifa, and make arrests. It lets the Democrats off the hook, lets Trump say "law and order", lets the NSA keep it's toys, and the risk of civil war drops a bit, increasing National Security. They could even frame Iran or North Korea in the process. Bonus points for the Military Industrial Complex. Not this old sysadmin.... count slow when waiting to reboot cable modems.... or you have to wait and do it again. I have Schrodinger's Covid... it's possible I had it, or not... and may never know. I tested negative once, but those tests are only sensitive to ongoing infection. I had co-workers who definitely had it. I've been short of breath ever since. I stayed upstairs by myself for a month, and then had a boatload of tests. Never had a fever, and things only tasted weird for a day. I've had a f*ckton of tests, including a probe in my heart... so I'm not likely to just drop dead. I'm left with "it might be asthma" or reconditioning. By the time all the testing and resting was done... after 12 weeks I was finally clear to go back to work... and laid off 1 hour later, over the phone. The last few days, has been worse than the new normal. Right now I'm a bit dizzy just sitting and typing. My pulse and oxygen levels are normal, though. It hurts to breath in deeply. I have a close friend with an almost identical symptoms and history. It really sucks not to be able to even go to the store without coming home and needing to rest for an hour or two. I feel like I've aged 10 years in the past 6 months. All the focus on the dead ignores the side effects, which are going to hit this country like a hammer because leadership failed to contain it, and now we've got almost 1/4 of all the cases in the world. Stay home, wash your hands, and wear a mask. The alternative is common words meaning different things, depending on field or specialty. Case in point: Entropy Universe: 50 / Sim Level: 13 Paperclips: 153,625 It told me many things I already knew... but it enabled me to summarize them in a new way. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter,etc.. all exist to sell your attention to advertisers. This means they want to keep you on site for as long as possible. The algorithms used find the nearest rabbit hole, and gently push you in that direction. The hole might lead to a new skill, just plain fun, or could be horrible for you and society. They don't care about the effects, they only care about the profits. Evil isn't the intent, it's just the side effect. I've always had an interest in Forth. It's a very powerful tool that I just never got the hang of. When OS/2 was still young, and Microsoft hadn't killed it off yet... I was told that you couldn't write assembler programs in OS/2.... which I took as a challenge. Forth/2 was the result. Under OS/2 V2 it generated native code, and actually got quite a few users once Brian Matthewson wrote a manual for it. These days, I wonder if it's possible to run Forth inside a VM as the operating system. How hard would it be to stand up a networking stack? I have an older friend who has always wanted an "atomic clock", and he bought one off of e-bay, an HP-5061b.... it almost worked right. Between the two of us, we got it working, and tuned to the right Zeeman frequency. Once we got the hang of repairing them, two was even better.... we put each one into the XY channels of an oscilloscope.... the pattern never shifted over hours... so cool! The optical clocks and optical frequency combs mean there are devices that you can buy, with internal atomic clocks, that are effectively Frequency Counters, for blue light... that read down to the Hertz! I want one of those when I'm older. ;-) In mainframe operating systems, you give a process a virtual disk, and some I/O channels. The process has zero access to the rest of the system. A modern system needs to do exactly the same thing, use Capabilities to specify access a virtual machine has, and default to nothing else. On a datacenter scale. As a present day Lazarus/Free Pascal programmer... I found this dive into history interesting. I had an almost allergic reaction to the idea of not type checking everything at compile time, but I do see how in some cases it can help if that is postponed. What was REALLY interesting to me was the idea of objects as processes, and passing messages instead of function calls. The machine I'm using to type this has an 8 cores, and I can see that thousands are on the way eventually. Hanging on to programming models that only execute serially will become very time prohibitive in the near term future. The idea of immutable variables always struck me as oxymoronic... but if an object is always resolved by id or name each time it is used, it resolves some rather nasty deadlocks, while allowing failure to be recovered from. It seems obvious to me that I'm going to have to give up the ability to know exactly how variables are stored, in order to gain this flexibility. It seems like it will be worth the trade off, as compute cost declines, and communication costs remain relatively constant. There is much in this to ponder, thanks for sharing. Bad choice or no, the language is appropriate... Constants should remain constant at runtime. Variables should be allowed to vary. I don't see why people think immutable strings is a good idea, for example. How do you ever build a text editor, if the strings can't be edited? Ward Christensen, who was working for IBM in Technical Sales support at the time, heard it at work. I have no idea what the heck is going on with objects in C++, it makes no sense to me. The model in Delphi/Lazarus/Free Pascal has always seemed quite natural to me since I first encountered it. I could have used that book back then. That was life before Amazon and online searches ruled everything. If it wasn't at Borders or Barnes and Noble, I didn't know about it. I used to build software, back in the days of MS-DOS... wrote it all in Turbo Pascal, used pkZip to make archives of the source code every day, saved them on floppy disk. Towards the end, Windows was starting to be a thing, but I didn't have to deal with it. Delphi was fun. Then I was a system admin for about 2 decades, and only occasionally did I do the odd bit of programming. I took a detour into making gears, until the plague hit. I've had a side project for the past year, Initially I tried to do it in Python because where was a good charting library for it... but it turned out that building a GUI for the user was an exercise in masochism. There just was nothing like the interactive GUI builder in Delphi that I could find for python. After months of banging my head against the wall.. it worked, but changes that should take 30 seconds were taking 20+ minutes because I had to tweak all the python code for every little change in the GUI. I tried out Lazarus/Free Pascal, since Delphi is out of my price range.... it's buggy... but it took a pretty intense weekend, and I had everything replicated, and the pace of development went back to reasonable. The focus on C++ and the weird class factory thing, Java and the madness there... so much wasted time and effort when things USED TO BE BETTER. GIT, on the other hand... is awesome.... way better than ZIP files. 8) It took a while, but GUIs work much better for users, and they are almost trivial to build in Lazarus. You can bang out a CRUD app in a few hours. I tried diving into the source code, and immediately ran into something new :: everywhere and starting googling.... Namespaces?!? - Looks like a solution in search of a problem. The whole point of object oriented programming was to prevent reaching inside of objects from the outside, thus making then implementation independent from use... Namespaces seem to break that. Like leaving the cover off a machine so that you can push on one of the relay contacts by hand. C, C#, C++ feel to me like Greek all sorts of keywords that make no sense, and random !@#$%^&*():"<>?[] everywhere Somewhere at the top of all that code, there has to at least be one actual pointer variable where you keep track of the last revision, isn't there? If someone has Linux, wouldn't they just run FreeDOS in a VM? Why would someone choose such a stupid name then? It's "for Linux"... which means you already have Linux, and you want to run DOS in a sub-system (a VM) How did you know he was polarizing? Did you know why? Did you care? When someone gets labeled "polarizing" I tend to check it out and decide for myself, because those are the people with the most interesting ideas. Well, they managed to suppress this for 31 years so far. I wonder what other things are hiding in plain sight. The original results were replicated.... they couldn't reliably, or easily be replicated...turns out cramming deuterium into a palladium lattice isn't an easy peasy way to get fusion without a lot of experimentation. There was way too much money invested in hot fusion to let even the possibility of an alternative progress. There was plenty of replication, it just wasn't published in the "peer reviewed" journals that are supposed to help advance science, but work against it these days. When is the last time leaving your keys in the car caused your house to suddenly slide 10 foot southwest? When is the last time you flipped a light switch, and suddenly your pool disappeared? Have you ever had French doors appear in your dining room because of a "Windows Update" on Wednesday morning? Have you ever had to wait for half an hour for your house to boot later on that same Wednesday? When is the last time you closed a door, and were killed by a hailstorm of bowling balls? At least with a light switch, you know it's very unlikely to cause structural issues, or plumbing issues, or drain your bank account. Computers are singularly horrible in the ways things can fail. In wiring a house, there is a built in assumption that something could go wrong and disrupt the wiring. That's why we had fuses, and now circuit breakers, grounding, ground fault interrupters, metal conduit, etc. All of these serve to limit the side effects of faults. When you turn on a switch... it's part of a circuit which is current limited, and in fact there are several limits on that current, all the way back to the source... each designed to protect a link in the chain. Each of those breakers limits the capability to source current further downstream. When you run a task in any modern OS, it runs with the full privileges of the user id with which it was launched. This is like hooking a generating station directly up to your floor lamp in the living room with no breakers. If the process has a fault, there is nothing the Operating System will do to prevent it from being used to subvert other parts of the system, there is no limit to what it can do. There are systems that require you to specify how many resources a given task is to be allowed to access. It turns out that such systems can be just as user friendly as the ones we're used to, but they do require things be re-written because the ground assumptions in the security model are different. Capability Based Security (also known as "Multi-Level Security) was born out of a need to have both Sensitive and Secret information shared on a computer that scheduled Air Traffic during the Vietnam Conflict. (If I remember the situation correctly) The flights themselves were sensitive, and the locations of the enemy radar were top secret (because people risked their lives spying to find them). It was extremely important that information could not leak, and solutions were found, and work! About 10 years ago, when I learned about this, and considered the scope of work required to make it available in general purpose Operating Systems, I estimated it would take 15 years until the need for Capability Based Security would be realized, and another 5 more or so until it was ready. I think we're on track.... 2025 people will start adopting it, and 2030 it will be the defacto way things are done. Genode is a long standing project to bring this new type of security to the masses... I'm still waiting until the point I get to play with it... and have been for a while. Things will get better... these types of tools, along with "information hiding", getting rid of raw pointers and other clever but dangerous tricks will help as well. [Edit: Re-arranged to clarify, and improve flow] Just trying to make analogies people can understand over the years. The current state of computer security.... is like building a fort, out of cases of C-4 explosive. How so? Almost every program has bugs, many of which can be exploited remotely. It is effectively impossible NOT to have a zero-day exploitable hole in any given computer. Thus, every single computer can be exploited... and then used to attack more computers.... in a chain reaction.... like a fort built out of C-4. If scientist makes claim that X sometimes happens... and then researcher Y repeats the experiment, and it happens a few times, but not always.... or not at the same frequency... far to many people say the replication has failed... instead of digging further. There were many such incidents where the stated effect happened only a few % of the time.... but not zero. But, it wasn't 100%...so it got ignored, or rejected. I am enlightened, and all of that doesn't apply. I see myself as a marketer of some ideas, nothing more. When the conversation happens to run into them, I offer my ideas, and handle any questions about them that might arise. I hope the ideas will spread, and eventually be reified into code, and make things better in the long run. No delusions of glory, profit, etc.... just a slow but determined push to make things better, eventually. I once had a job like that.... and it crushed me, but I didn't realize it at the time. I was the sole IT guy at an event marketing company... when I started, there was plenty to do, I kept a running log in Word so I could find and fix things that happened previously... it was great, and I felt good about it. Over the years, less stuff broke, so I started some projects to fix things and make stuff better for the users... but didn't have good enough people skills to get buy-in and navigate around the day to day needs of everyone... so they got shelved more than once. Also, because I was the sole IT guy, I was frequently interrupted, which kills flow, so I eventually stopped programming, and just started stalling until quitting time. Towards the end, I'd volunteer when ever things needed to be done, like data entry when we had surveys to type in, etc... but I spent all my time waiting for things to break, trying to be super helpful, and waiting for the inevitable axe to fall. 15 years, a long run, but it is now 6 years later, and I still have trouble even starting things. Please don't let this happen to you. Before I stopped reading, there was an example of a button being pushed... but there was no actual trace of a button being pushed... just lots of words and descriptions, which killed it for me. I just want to see what I'm getting into, not a vocabulary or jargon lesson, at least at first. That would lead us to then wonder why it was done that way, etc... and drive interest. Cosmic rays hit things at ground level at an average energy of 4 GeV, about 1/cm2/min according to this source: https://cosmic.lbl.gov/SKliewer/Cosmic_Rays/Muons.htm#:~:tex... . This is also loading up deuterium in a metal lattice, getting fusion, and wondering how to commercialize it. Yes, we have been since 1945, when the first persistent existential threat we created ourselves first arose... Nuclear Weapons. Now, we have the added threat of Genetic Engineering, the second existential threat we created ourselves. All of our Institutions have an embedded growth obligation they haven't been able to meet since the 1960s, which lead to their being run by people willing to fudge the truth to keep the illusion of competence and power going. We're on the edge of the abyss... and many people don't even realize it. Use cheap (above, but close to zero) to liquify air, store liquids in one set of tanks, store the heat in salt solution in another.... there was a recent story about a company that was getting 60% round trip efficiency.... they could store energy at the rate the compressor worked.... I imagine getting energy back could happen quicker. With large enough tanks, it's not unrealistic to imagine storing 5MW-10MW for several days worth.... so about 50-100 MW-hour. STOICAL does networking, and a whole lot more... but it looks like it hasn't been touched since 2002. 8( http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The point of the film is to warn that the main goal of a social media silo is to extract maximum attention, while externalizing all costs. They don't care if their platform gives rise to another Stalin and Hitler, as long as it helps the next quarter's numbers. Any gain you get out of the platform is just their cost of supplying bait to get you hooked. The algorithms deployed serve a simple purpose.... find a rabbit hole near where they measure your position in the space of ideas... and tilt what you see towards it... then measure how long you stay down there.... optimizing for maximum time in the hole. The solution is simple, switch to systems where you decide what you're going to pay attention to. RSS, Blogs, human curated communications. You might still fall into a rabbit hole that leads to extremism, but at least there won't be a billionaire incentivized to push you into it. Society, on the other hand, and normal social pressures, should be sufficient to help you find your way back out. Can confirm... I wrote Forth/2 for OS/2, it was a hoot once I got it working. 8) It looks like I might be resurrecting "STOICAL", which was targeted at Linux, for Windows... http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php It would be nice to see it run under Linux... the C source looks too much like typical "be as clever as possible" macro magic, which my non-C adjusted brain can't hack. I'll re-implement in either assembler, or free pascal. The reason is that STOICAL implements types, arrays, and dictionaries in what seems to be a quite reasonable and sane matter. It does type checking when you want, and seems like it could do object oriented as well, if I can push it that way. Since SMS is the only non-phone-call protocol my phone supports, I can't see switching to anything else any time soon. Remember how there was a thought experiment where you couldn't tell the difference between accelerating at 1G in an elevator, or being in a 1g gravity field? If the elevator is more than a few CM taller than the clocks, now you can. Bolt one to the floor, the other to the ceiling. If they run at the same rate, it's 1g acceleration. If there is the predicted difference, you're in a 1g field. Forth seems to be a write only language, I'm not sure if it's the reverse polish stack oriented structure, or the lack of modern things we're used to like arrays, procedure calls, etc... STOICAL seems to address all of these, but it's written in dense C code that I can't make heads nor tails of... but the ideas are really, really attractive. http://stoical.sourceforge.net/documentation.php The stand out features for me 'string puts a string on the stack (along with a type flag for string 'cube : dup dup * * ; is how you would define cube, which is a bit different, but not a huge shift He's got ways to do types, dictionaries, arrays that also look like stacks... all sorts of magic including networking! How much of it could be crammed into something that boots inside of a VM? I played with that long, long ago... I thought it was so damned cool that the machines had a built in Forth. Thanks! Lazarus/Free Pascal is another example of a language still very alive, but not growing like crazy. I intend to scrape my way to 3 surface plates, instead of lapping. I have 3" and 6" cast iron bar stock cut offs that I picked up for this purpose, along with Prussian blue, and something that should work as a scraper... what I don't have is a brayer, but I'm told you can improvise with a rolled up and tapped shop cloth. Wyler makes inclinometers that are accurate enough to measure the change in angle of a surface plate directly. It's amazing technology. Here is a YouTube video from 2011 that talks about how they were developed. I remember that I was watching videos about surface plate calibration, and this came up. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0doCHgJa3Ps If you grant no permissions ever, by default... you don't even have to worry about anything other than the permissions you gave. The challenges to doing this are three fold 1. Operating Systems like Linux, Windows, etc... aren't designed to do this, and can't without a design change. 2. Applications need to be reworked a bit so that they are given file handles instead of telling the OS what files to open. It can looks the same to the user if done correctly. 3. The adoption curve is long on this one.... but systems like Genode are getting there... I look forward to using it sometime in the next year for experimenting. Bear in mind that temperature changes may unevenly affect the plate if the material isn't consistent. It's unlikely but possible. Consider that most efforts are on slowing spread, not eradication. This is a bigger problem than most people realize. Does this mean the US needs way more CEOs and Board Members than it has, and the sky-high compensation packages are evidence of this as well? No, programmers are underpaid, deliberately. We just had a story all about it. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24689582 It has been suggested by Eric Weinstein that the H1B visa was deliberately designed to cap wages of PhDs... this is a side-effect. Google falls down flat unless you know "magic words". Example... let's say you want to be able to mark up a web page to highlight some aspect of it, like using a highlighter on a newspaper... you can't google hypertext markup... you have to go for "annotation" Growing Google-fu is like getting good at smelling bad code, it takes experience, which you get via frustration and the application of gumption. As a result of a few recent Forth threads here, I first heard of STOIC on September 29th. (1 Week ago) Intrigued at the novel way it addressed the shortcomings of Forth which limited its use... I tracked down STOICAL. It really got me motivated, and I decided to download it and dive in. At that moment, I had almost zero of the specific bits of knowledge required to make it work. I only used Linux sporadically. I never programmed in Linux. I actively avoided C for the last 40 years. Yet, I dug in. Last night I got it compiled enough that it now starts up, and then hangs. This is a vast improvement from 2 days ago. I now have WSL installed, with gcc, automake, and all manner of stuff required to make it go. I still use Notepad++ and windows to edit the source (as the /home/mike folder is visible as a network share) I've even got git/github going. I know I'll get it up and running in short order. Then I'll start banging away at it until it matches my ideas of how it should work. My goal is to produce a Forth-ish compiler that doesn't get people intrigued but then run out of steam. STOIC checks all the boxes, it's Imperative, Structured, Object Oriented, Functional, Concatenative and HomoIconic. And right now.... it doesn't even boot... but it will! That's programming! We just need to give the money to the people who actually create value, and the imbalance will sort itself out. Fair market capitalism is way better than the "Free" market. I'm a mapper http://wiki.c2.com/?MappersVsPackers I hold many ideas, some of them contradictory, in limbo in my brain until they match up with others, and my map of the world gets a bit larger and better connected. I strongly suspect you are a packer... and wow, that's a lot of work. My approach to getting a skill is to dive in, recklessly, and pound away, until I've beat the technology into submission, and it does it exactly what I want, how I want. I strongly suspect this approach wouldn't work for you. (Unless you did it a lot, and become a mapper if that is even possible) You can immediately help yourself, right now by being aware of the true nature of "free" services. Awareness is a great first step. Next comes actively managing your intake of information, by doing a bit of curation, instead of letting someone else's algorithm do it for their profit. For example, if you're using Facebook, you can use ...book.com/?sk=h_chr in a web browser to show your feed in fairly strict reverse chronological order. Youtube subscripts work the same way. Sure, it's ok to just let them feed you cool stuff when you're tired... like junk food, a little is ok. When you post, do it in more than one place. If you haven't already done so like a decade ago, start a blog, and post the insights you've found and don't mind making public there, don't worry at all about hits or traffic... it's a diary you can search or refer to later instead of saying the same thing over and over. Cross-posting is a low effort way to avoid disruption should a walled garden implode. You've already written the post, why not copy/paste it elsewhere and tweak it slightly? Survivalists preppers anticipate the collapse of society... Internet Survivalists anticipate the collapse of walled gardens, and plan appropriately. Words all have uncertainty baked into them, as do the interpreting of pictures.. but when you use different media to reinforce each other, it seems to greatly help. I like the fact that as I got the point, I found I could skip the details, just read the headlines, and look at the pictures... and then slow down if there were something import and read the text again. The loading times, though... they suck. Combine this with the new File Access API, and you could actually build a self hosting office suite in a few pages. Well that sucks... our IBM PC user group will have to find a new way to deal with email. By now we're probably small enough just to CC: everyone and not count as spam. One of the things he mentions is a chapter in Henry Ford's Book "Moving Forward" about the very practical need to be able to measure to a millionth of an inch... I highly recommend reading that chapter http://gutenberg.net.au/ebooks17/1700321h.html#ch14 The average Apple user is trapped. Apple runs an ecosystem that enforces obsolescence at an obscene rate. In a few years, they won't be able to get apps or system updates, and their battery will begin to be insufficient. They will then face a choice of "upgrade", or the conversion costs of escaping the system, which can be extreme. I've got a variety of strategies, that include I have a never ending list of bookmarks in Chrome that sync I also never clear my history I have a personal Wikidpad I never clear my history on YouTube, or elsewhere. If I see an interesting video, I subscribe... it's easy to purge later. You never know when "Impulse Manufacturing Laboratory at Ohio State" is going to come up with another way to use huge current spikes to join dissimilar metals together, for example. I used to use delicio.us, but they went away. I cross post to facebook, twitter, reddit, blog. All of which can be searched. I blog interesting things, so that others, but mainly me, can find them later. That has got to be the best compression of a deep neural network that I've ever seen. ;-) Given the physics of the landings that SpaceX does... they really, REALLY need to be sure of where they are landing, one digit off in coordinates, or altitude..., or sign of lat/long and all that stuff goes to the wrong people. From up stream in the comments, one was launched 31 years ago... so yeah, this stuff could stick around a while. I already have Universal Paper Clips addiction. I guess this will go along with it. I'm looking forward to the day Genode brings capability based security to the desktop. We can actually have computers that don't turn traitor at the first string buffer overflow. I want computing as secure as when we had MS-DOS and floppy disks. You knew what disk (and therefor what data) you were risking at any given time. You could write protect the OS. We can have it back... it's a matter of time now. I think that one of the primary reasons things have stalled is the fear we all carry around because we don't have any decent operating systems. With MS-DOS you could copy the OS disk, write protect it... load up any random piece of shareware and just try it out. There was zero chance it would toast anything, and you might find a gem. We don't click on links that go to web sites we don't trust. We don't open email attachments, we're paranoid... because our operating systems weren't designed for the age of the internet.