I know this isn't the right place to ask this, but why is there no down arrow for submissions/comments? And why when you upmod something does the arrow disappear! Where's the undo? Here's a work in progress of mine that uses long polling and keep-alives. http://www.zchatter.com It works quite well.. pretty much like having a conventional tcp/ip connection for receives, (interlaced with HTTP traffic), and using a separate series of POST requests to send data to the server. I disagree... users love seeing new features. If they don't work so well, they don't care. Most likely they'll enjoy them and feel privileged they are getting to use them before they are really ready. They'll see the potential. They'll start imagining what it'll be like once it's finished. If it's a cool, innovative feature they haven't seen before, they'll see it as proof you're a cool place to be. Even if half of it doesn't work. Get features out often. Of course make sure they don't break anything else, or reduce the users experience, but users love to see a site evolving and changing with them on board. Could also be an cause and effect mixed up - most websites are designed in an F sort of arrangement, with important stuff at the top, and the left side, and some important stuff half way down. Have they been designed like that because that's how users naturally read stuff, or has it just become the 'norm'. Apart from a failed startup? Seems to be power in general - my MacBook power supply had issues, and apparently it's very common for the casing of the wire to start melting and burning, which is what happened to mine... Quite worrying really. What??!?!?? Explain your workings please. "Can I reformat my iPod and install something else?" Erm yes, of course you can. There's a thriving open source community for iPods replacement O/S and software. Of course. Using the 'standard' firmware on anything is just downright boring. Most firmware uses like 50% of the hardwares capabilities. I'd like some automated rating of video feeds. Write some software to rate how 'interesting' a feed is currently. Start with the easy - is much changing? is there any audio? Then move onto harder things - how many people are viewable in the video. Then maybe you could display the feeds in order of current 'interestingness'. Otherwise trawling through them gets a bit tedious. Is anyone else really really bored with facebook and all the news stories/hype/hyperbole surrounding it? I agree. I'm bored of the over-hyping. Erm since when were 'ajax' or 'html/css' considered programming languages? People are incredibly fickle. Wasn't myspace around this 'hype' status last year? What website will be next year? Probably not facebook. I used to use desktop email. Pain in the neck - what about when you're using a different PC, what about when you're upgrading to a new O/S, what if you're at an internet cafe and just need to find that email... GMail is excellent. Well thought out interface, and it just works. How much money are we talking? I was under the impression that writing facebook apps is not really a way to make money. After all it's not a simple task to incorporate adverts. People on google are looking for stuff. They'll click on ads if it looks like they'll find the stuff. On facebook people aren't looking for stuff. They're looking for interactions..... with other humans.... not with adverts. Sure, if you can build a big app and then sell it to a company that just wants to 'brand' it and get some exposure that's cool, but I'm pretty skeptical you can make a 'surprising amount of money'. Care to share some examples? Agreed. Using jpegs for what are essentially screenshots makes me sad. jpg is for photos. png/gif is for other graphics. The usual is more like 20-30% override for advertising networks. Still a fair chunk of change though. Surely you can share ballpark figures :) easy to test because it doesn't do much... Only works in the preview though, when you view the page normally all the script/style is stripped out looks like. Saying the user registration is good speaks volumes :) No real product or reason to use it, but at least it's easy to sign up! If all you want is a preview functionality, how about Hardly rocketscience is it... jedit 'professor' comes across as a total dick to me. If he thought the valuation was too low, why didn't he say that instead of insulting people and pissing them off. Talking up the complexity just doesn't cut it for me with this. It's a simple little thing. No way are there "500 different things to do". Maybe 500 lines of code :) Why not open source and let hackers on here help ;) Google never spiders everything . I'd be really surprised if google had caught every single story that had been posted here. OR the flip side - a web consultancy that advises countries on how best to learn English ;) Anyone else find the "COOL multimedia buzzcloud" on that page deeply un cool? I want those 3 minutes back I wasted reading this!!! The music was really quite irritating. Aiming was very hard to get right. Gave up. I don't get it personally. What problem does it solve? How is it better than gmail? Why do I need it? Listing "It extracts phone numbers" as a feature seemed to be scraping the barrel a bit to me. Gmail extracts loads of things. Heck it even recognizes parcel tracking numbers and provides a link to track them afaik. Am I right in thinking it plugs into outlook express? eugh eugh and eugh. I forgot to say desktop email is pretty much dead or soon will be. Who uses a desktop email client these days? "I realize that many of you don't use Outlook anymore and have moved on to Gmail or some other better way to do mail." For me that says it all. Maybe it'll be useful in corporate environments that force people to use outlook, but beyond that I'm not so sure it has much of a shelf life. Could always have a downvote, but weight it as far less than an upvote. Personally I miss having the option of a downvote. Yes I agree downvotes can be an uninformed reflex, but removing any voice of disagreement seems overly harsh. I'd say have upvotes that count as 10 points, and downvotes that count as 1 point or something like that. Here is why we need a down arrow. So what happens if something stupid or banal gets voted up to the front page. What if it's something that I don't think is relevant or useful. Should I upvote every other article to express my opinion? :) People who agree with an article/think it's important/useful have an immediate way to express that in a useful way - an upvote. You don't have the same capability if you strongly disagree with an article, see it as unimportant, not relevant, or off-topic. I still think that's a shame. Not gonna happen IMHO. Facebook is about interacting with other people. Not about clicking on adverts. Google on the other hand is about finding stuff, which can sometimes be achieved by clicking on an ad. And make a lot more money ideas are easy. Executing them is harder. Interesting post. Shame there isn't any discussion of advertising revenue though. Users that choose not to pay can still generate a lot of revenue from advertising. Microsoft..... desparate? ah ok sure. Perhaps it's some sort of dating/matchmaking system. I can see that working, although that's a pretty crowded market already. true :) ok, ideas are easy. Ideas that could potentially make a lot of money aren't too hard to come up with. Ideas that could be the next big thing, are also within most peoples grasp. Still think coming up with the idea is maybe 5% of the work. It's almost as bad as people who register what they think is a great domain name and think that's their website pretty much done now. Yeah arithmetic is so hard most calculators have bugs in them... oh wait a second... some of them seem to be hidden at the bottom of the timeline. I can see the very top half of the text, but not the whole lot. (FF+Mac) I like JSON. Easy to read, easy to work with. I agree. My first thought was "Hmm lots of big adverts.. what else is here?". Then I read and realized. I agree... I like facebook for 2 reasons: It lets me find old friends I've lost touch with, and it shows me what they're up to every now and then. The rest of the crap (Feeding virtual fishes, 'poking' each other), they can keep. The whole 'myspace' mentality of 'requesting friend' then adding ad infinitum - I think that's the weirdest thing. People who religiously seek out 'friends' to add etc. When you have hundreds or even thousands of 'friends' they become meaningless. Couple of years and we'll have all pretty much forgotten about facebook IMHO. It'd be a gross miscalculation for them to believe they're the next google. They should take what they can while they have the hype. Odd... Personally I see Mac as gorgeous on screen fonts, and whenever I have to check things in IE on Windows XP the fonts look like some kid knocked them up in paint shop pro on a lazy sunday. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've not seen nice fonts on windows yet. It's funny how much people these days think defrag does. Defrag does ONE thing, and ONE thing only. It speeds up your hard disk access a bit by making sure files are sequential. It's not going to fix all those driver issues windows gets, won't fix the crappy registry, won't remove all those hidden programs that start up automatically making it take 20 minutes to boot. It won't remove all the IE add-on bars that somehow got installed with some other software. It won't remove all the spyware/adware/viruses. Reboot hourly, reinstall O/S daily. Replace computer weekly. Problem is most PCs that come with windows, also come with the manufacturers own selection of 'shady programs', trials, adware, etc etc designed to make them some extra money. My first thought also. I'd like to be able to block pages by keyword also... or just have a 'community driven' approach - have adults install a toolbar say, and have them mark pages that are suitable for kids. I know it's a radical suggestion, but something that works for me is actually spending time with your kids, and 'sharing' the computing experience together - that way you can make sure they stay on safe sites, and you get to teach them stuff/spend time with them. It's kinda fun :) Being evil would be replacing adsense advert blocks with your own publisher code :D I'm sure if not illegal that would be highly evil. Children click on adverts, but do they 'convert' - leads or sales. If they do not, that click revenue is going to diminish quickly as advertisers start to realize. Sure - I agree. But as far as I see it's harder to get 'branding advertising deals', than results based advertising. maybe the missing '/' after http: ? http://finance.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chd... I'd love some numbers on that: Does 'active users' actually equate to profit? I hear clickthrough rates for advertising on facebook is something like 0.05% If 100,000 users were active, that would equate to 50 clicks on adverts, which is probably going to make enough money to buy a coffee or something. Definitely. There are a few things to bear in mind... 1. Make sure your landing page is relevant to your keywords. If it is not, Google will give it a bad score, and your minimum bid will be raised, and you'll get less traffic. So make sure keywords appear on the landing page as you would for SEO. 2. Make sure your ad-copy is good. You can create loads of differently worded adverts, and Google will work out which one gets the best CTR, and show that one the most. So spend a long time experimenting with different wording. It's sometimes surprising what changing a single word can sometimes make. (If your CTR is too low google will also reduce your quality score, and so increase your minimum bids). If you pick popular keywords you can have traffic coming within about 30 minutes I've found. Spend a while using the keyword tool, and adding your own variations - as many as you can think of. When you start getting traffic on some keywords, expand that avenue - use the keyword tool to find other similar keywords. How many keywords do you have and what sort of sector are we talking here? $5 is quite a lot unless you're doing finance/law etc Have you ever endured MSN adcenter? Yahoo? Google adwords is a dream compared to them. Also the desktop adwords editor is excellent - makes big changes easy to do. http://www.google.com/intl/en/adwordseditor/ Completely depends on the sector though. Some things fly on the content network (adsense), some things die. "when I find a bug in my software" Hrmm... for me, mostly it's a case of finding bugs in IE, and creating work-arounds in my own code. Nothing major here, you can already do this with a hidden iframe if you like. Or another way for sensationalists to moan about being spied upon? Seriously... They already know you searched for "X". What difference does it make if they load some stuff in your browser cache. What extra information does that give them? How is this spying? True, so the top result may know that you searched for them even if you didn't click on them. I'm at a loss to see how they would use that information in a bad way though - all they have is some server logs telling them a person from the IP address a.b.c.d did a search for them, and google suggested the browser prefetch their page. I know it's the principle and a slippery slope and everything, but I'm not sure how an IP is of any use - especially given the number of ISPs that use dynamic pools, or web caches etc 'installs several cookies' eugh please Thanks. Cookies get set. They're data the server asks the client to remember for it. The word 'install' suggests something much more. I'd say because for most people it'll speed up the responsiveness of their browsing experience, and they won't really care if a website sets a cookie or logs their IP address. If you're doing something you don't want to be spied on, anonymous proxies work well. Not sure about the intro, but when I found the secret key combination to skip it..... WOW! All my dreams came true. I shall use this site every day. Wow you must be fun to work with I don't think it's a great argument. Perhaps Apple will beat Nokia in America, but since America is about 5 years behind Europe/Asia in mobile technology it's pretty irrelevant anyway. "If Microsoft and Yahoo want to add Twitter functionality to their communication and publishing tools--which is now a competitive imperative--they can build this functionality themselves, or...buy Twitter. The first option, by the way, has failed miserably in the past. For example, Yahoo's soft-phone VOIP service is nowhere compared to Skype (which is saying something, given that Skype isn't exactly knocking the cover off the ball)." I don't think you can really compare writing a 'twitter like app' with a VOIP service. Rewriting twitter would probably take a day or 2 surely. Why is this interesting? Yeah we're all sinners. Seriously - 'man made global warming' is turning into a cult. It's a very scary movement that is trying to restrict what 3rd world countries can do. Kinda reminds me of the 'year 2000 bug'... "Oh no the worlds computers will blow up!!! You better all spend loads of money on fixing it" "Oh.... nothing much happened... well thank god we spent all that money 'fixing' it." If you have some intelligent argument to make, go ahead. However, it doesn't look like you do. At the moment you look like the person with his fingers in his ears spouting out endless "If X then Y", that you seem to think somehow 'proves your point'. Did you read the article? Read any other scientific articles on the subject? Or are you just a 'believer' Cambridge has a lot of tech companies on it's science park these days. http://www.cambridgesciencepark.co.uk/companies.php MySpace really hurts my eyes and brain. Whoever admits to creating it should be hung. Amazon sells stuff. Google makes money from a fantastic advertising business model. What does facebook do again? No one clicks on adverts on facebook. Just wait until Axe realise their ROI is practically 0. Perhaps they can make it work, I don't know. I do know that when I started seeing adverts in my mini-feed I thought "For god sake it goes downhill now, I don't think I shall be using facebook much longer" 'we can make stupider investments than you'? ;) Just to add: Google made a great business model by placing relevant adverts along side natural search results. People click on them because in some cases, they are what they wanted to find. Facebook advertising 'Axe' in my minifeed (Which is supposed to tell me whats going on with friends etc), is totally wrong. It's like a popup. It's in no way relevant. No one will click on it/care about it, and it'll just drive users away to whatever's next. I don't really see what problem is solves... maybe I don't have such a passion for books. Sounds like unless you want really detailed information on out of print books, what already exists is good enough. Am I missing the killer feature? ie the things that are dying out... In time the O/S will be pretty irrelevant - like desktop software. Aaron Swartz is to ycnews, as xkcd comics are to reddit. Instantly upvoted to top page all the time. It gets boring on both sites IMHO upvote everything else - kinda works(ish)? If they're taking your money, they're going to be helpful ;) But agreed. Far better customer service than microsoft or yahoo. Worrying title, but then you read "We've been made aware that a small number of Web sites attempt to trick Mac OS X users to install malicious software on their Macs," So not a security hole, but a website with a .png of the software update box or something? A larger number of websites/phishing emails try to trick you into entering personal details... just one of those things. ah ok, still though - requires the user to make a mistake. I'm not too worried about that sort of thing. If I make a mistake, I only have myself to blame. If something can infiltrate my computer without me making a mistake, that's the time to worry... I really hope that if multiple cores increase, they are done in a way which hides them from the programmer. For example a 32 core CPU, but that appears as a very very fast single core. That's where the concurrency/'threading' issues should live, not in everyones code. Threads are usually the problem IMHO not the solution. I don't agree with the suggestion that javascript will need threads either. Javascript works extremely well in a single thread. There isn't really much of a need for threads. Having multiple cores doesn't change that, it just means you might need some abstraction layer like I described above, that utilizes all cores, whilst appearing as a single core. I'd agree about applets. They look ugly in the main, trying to make them not look ugly and out of place is very hard. Startup time is very slow, and they do stick out like a sore thumb saying "1990s! 1990s!" If a website is slow, and looks ugly users are going to be less likely to use it. Cambridge does seem to have a lot going for it with the science park etc (I'm based not too far away in Ipswich). Would be interested how other peoples experiences have been regarding getting funding though (I haven't got that far yet). Same here regarding webcam. Webcam didn't light up. (MacBook) But the 'startups' that get posted here from him are lame IMHO An on line book library catalogue thing? A text based wiki thing? I mean come on. Credit where credit's due, and it's certainly not due IMHO. Point taken. Perhaps all the 'publicity' is actually unwanted. Perhaps he doesn't consider himself to be 'all that'. Do we really need to blindly upvote any article that mentions him? ;) ok enough... Sure. Re-reading my comment it does sound a bit harsh, and I agree - the idea doesn't have to be earth changing to be wildly successful. I guess we'll see in time what becomes of his startups. Sounds good to me. Would be great to meet some like minded hackers.