Hmm. I'm not at all sure that 'entrepreneurship' is a real word. Yes, I'd have more or less the same view; I don't know enough people, and I doubt I have the social skills to court VCs or similar. I've worked for a couple of startups/ex-startups, and in each case there was at least one person there from the beginning who was very good at things like that. Depending on the employer, they may be quite happy to amend your contract to lay no claim on anything done in your own time and outside their product domain. Mine did. Well, lots of people learned Logo fairly young. :) Well, in the abstract, it's quite a hard problem. If they asked him how to clean a particular variety of coffee maker, that would be easier. :) I suspect Google's AdSense ads are a better model. I've actually seen _useful_ ones! In languages which have decent ones, certainly. Of the five languages this library seems to work for, only C++ has any sort of macros at all, as far as I know... The Lisp community did something like this at one point, too, though that was more as a 'look, it's possible' to reddit. The result seems to have mutated into http://www.cl-user.net/asp/new Well, one obvious solution would be to do something else, not to retire. Is retiring really what people aspire to, these days? You can use CUSP (an Eclipse plugin which provides similar functionality to SLIME for EMACS), and the commercial impls have their own (admittedly EMACS-esque) IDEs. There's even a SLIME-derived plugin for vi! It really is worth the effort to learn EMACS, though. I'm unconvinced that installing lisp libraries is so very horrible; I've had far more trouble with python ones, myself. Every now and again, a government representative decides that they would like to do something relating to technology, or medicine, or whatever. Whether this something is practical, possible, or legal is largely immaterial. They will bring it up, and it may even get passed (American CDA, Australian internet filtering thing); at that point it will die amongst legal challenges or simple impracticality. Business as usual. Erm, that's how MobileMe works. It doesn't store your every movement; that'd burn through battery life pretty quickly. It gets a position when you tell it to from the website; presumably the order comes over the same channel push messages do. Tegra 2 doesn't support OpenCL or CUDA, though Tegra 3 will. The PowerVR SGX543 supports OpenCL, though not, of course, CUDA. EDIT: At the time, NVidia claimed that it _was_ a die size limitation. Occasionally, you just have to wait a while for an instance to start. It's rarely more than half an hour. It would be most interesting to see what percentage of Android phones sold are these sorts of super-cheap devices (in this country, a Galaxy Europa is about 80 euro on pre-paid; they won't even sell it to you on contract. By contrast, a Galaxy S is about 550 on prepaid or 150 on contract), versus the high-end devices which we hear so much more about. Astroturfing is almost always found out, and usually quickly, and comes with a very nasty backlash. See, for instance, the recent fuss over the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 astroturfing. One note of caution; while the platform version thing is up to date, the screens one is from August 2010. 240x320 is probably an even smaller minority now, as it only really showed up in Sony's 'mini' devices, which did not sell well and seem to have been effectively discontinued; there are no released plans for a current-gen one. You know there are many cheaper and free ssh clients for iOS, right? Samsung doesn't make the iPhone or iPad display; LG does. There may at this point be others; certainly, people have noticed minor performance differences in some newer iPhone 4 displays. I would have called music the least likely one to be making money, actually. A common usage pattern is buying one or two songs in a sitting, at which point transaction charges really become significant, and it has always seemed that the record labels take the lion's share of the payment. iTunes TV, on the other hand, is probably more profitable, due to higher unit cost. Books almost _must_ be profitable, because they're in the same range as Kindle books, and Amazon wouldn't be pushing ebooks (and thus damaging their traditional book market) so hard if they couldn't make a profit on them. Ah, revenue. Yes, I remember this from last time round; revenue is what matters, regardless of the costs involved in producing that revenue, or its uncertain future footing. Right. That would certainly have been the case with the first couple of iPhones, but the iPhone 4 has rather good calling quality. I don't think "50% of people who visit genius bars" is the same as "50% of iPhone users", by a long shot. What makes you think Apple makes a $400 profit per device? That sounds improbably high. There was also an attempt to introduce a Minitel system here in Ireland. It was ridiculously badly-timed; by the time it was actually up and running, things like Compuserve were around and the first ISPs were only a couple of years away. "The success or failure of any of these phones means almost nothing to the company. And so, the product development and rollout of any of these phones is not a bet-the-company gamble. Accordingly, very little effort is made on design, engineering, and customer support. None of these companies have terribly loyal customers, most seem to buy a given phone based on carrier affiliation, or based on costs." In the long run, Google needs to do something about this, or face it doing severe damage to the image of their platform. These particular developers, though, were probably not world-class. Data this important simply should not be lost due to trouble with an EC2 instance; any data on an EC2 instance, even on EBS (though somewhat less so for EBS) should be considered liable to vanish at any moment. Google Translate is heuristics-based, and can occasionally produce strange results. For instance, when translating Irish-language text, it will sometimes translate Baile Ath Cliath (Irish for Dublin, the capital of Ireland) to London, the capital of the UK. This is likely because its corpus for Irish is made up largely of Irish government documents (all Irish govt documents are translated into Irish, but Irish isn't used by many people and there's not all that much else written in it), and these documents are rather similar to British civil service documents. Ah, but if the people running the _exchanges_ are too incompetent to safeguard their wallets, as in this case, how bad will the average user be? In practice, when used to back a currency, gold is usually also inherently deflationary; mining of new gold generally cannot keep up with real economic growth. Very strange title; it implies that Apple is actively making it difficult for other companies to make a profit. Of course, what's really happening is that (a) Motorola, Nokia and Samsung in particular have big shares of the declining dumb phone market, and (b) Samsung in particular makes lots of zero-margin ultra-cheap ( Notice they have a pretty effective iBooks test Well, it's not that effective; it was worked around within days of showing up. Interestingly, to my knowledge, Google's similar check to prevent rooted devices playing movie rentals hasn't been worked around yet. Well, they are to a lesser extent; they allow an attacker with physical access (a spouse or colleague, say) to compromise your device. Defending against physical access-based exploits is likely always going to be ultimately futile, though. The general tendency has been for an initial focus on outsourcing, followed by native businesses. This is what happened in Ireland; in the 90s we had lots of outsourcing, branches of multinationals, etc.; later we built our own software industry (though most software work in Ireland is still multinational). More because it's extremely rapid, and potentially very dangerous. Major climatic change would endanger the food supply. Almost certainly. The only other thing I can think of would be that they want to get out of the OEM business and make phones internally, but they'd probably buy a better phone manufacturer in that case. Motorola is loss-making. It's actually hard to see how Google _can_ keep a level playing field under these circumstances, short of totally isolating their Motorola unit from long-term Android development. He was largely right on profitability, no? See here, however: http://www.intomobile.com/2011/05/02/apple-has-50-profit-sha... While HTC's profits are unquestionably growing, their profit share actually declined a bit; remember it's a very rapidly expanding industry. Motorola Mobility, SE and LG are loss-making or close to it. Only Samsung is in a really strong position. Samsung's profit margin is good, and HTC's acceptable (though neither are as high as Apple's), but all other major manufacturers are either loss-making or making a tiny profit margin. This is why you don't release a broken product hoping to fix it later. > I think Groupon is a guaranteed and low effort marketing platform for businesses. Well, one would hope they weren't an _actual_ Groupon rep. This is _not_ the sort of thing that a company trying to IPO should be saying. Generally by borrowing it, if they don't have a cash surplus. It's very unwise to make legal threats unless you fully intend to follow through. That's the 2010 Macbook Air, which did indeed have a brutally slow Core 2 Duo. It would be more useful to look at the mid-2011 model, which has a processor three generations newer (due to some sort of tedious dispute between Intel and NVidia, there were never embedded NVidia chipsets for Nehalem, so Apple waited until Intel GPUs got good enough, in Sandy Bridge; they never made a Nehalem Air). While Apple probably didn't help Intel design the Core 2 Duo (they only had serious in-house processor design stuff recently, and it's ARM-oriented), it's quite possible they exerted pressure on them to make such a thing. The Core Duo and Core 2 Duo were a _major_ turnaround for Intel; they essentially abandoned the gigahertz at whatever price doctrine they'd been pursuing since the P4. The Core Duo, in particular, was essentially _only_ found in Macs; it had very limited deployment elsewhere. It fits very well with the circumstances of the Intel switchover; Apple couldn't have used the P4M for its laptops (far too power-hungry vs the G4), or the PM (barely faster than the G4 at all, used somewhat more power). While this is becoming the case, it's fairly new. Back in the day, it was well-known that buying a first-gen Apple product was extremely risky; note the problems with the original while iBook (the G3 one), the original Macbook Air, and so forth. Apple actually do do this; it's a resolution bump. > Apple pundits seem to think that Apple's (undeniable) advantages are going to be permanent, just because they get a great deal on Flash memory or tied up the world's whole supply of 9.7" touch screens. It's a pretty ridiculous position. I wouldn't say _permanent_, but there are many companies who could make a transition to the same approach, but haven't yet. Dell, for instance, could scrap 90% of its models, and it's highly unlikely anyone would even _notice_. Presumably, they have some pressing internal reason (not necessarily a sensible one, but something they can't get around) not to do so; it's not like it's any great secret that a simple product line is cheaper to manager. I don't think many would claim that Jobs came up with the idea. He is undeniably one of the few people who has been able to apply it successfully to the computer and consumer electronics industry in recent years, though. > I'm not exactly sure why you have a problem with this. Yes, devs are asked to sign an NDA but it's their choice to do so and I've yet to see Apple publicly go out after devs for violating their agreement. It's also pretty much the industry standard. When we hear about Windows 8 from the MSDN blogs, it is not because some developer decided to write it; it's because it has been approved for public dissemination. Apple does much the same thing at its developer conferences. Google, in ways, is even more secretive; by the time we hear about what's in the latest Android, the first devices with said version are often already on the shelves; Apple at least gives developers a couple of months heads up. Yep; they did make it outside Apple, but only barely. There were a few products from other companies using them, mostly low-power laptops, and of course they lived on for a year or so more as a budget chip branded as a Pentium. Who's claiming that? For a while, the Macbook Air was in fact a particularly bad choice if you wanted high processor performance (which is a big if; computers are now fast enough that for many users it hardly matters). This is no longer the case. Simple enough. I think you may be surprised. Microsoft has done this before; they see something which is apparently working for a competitor, and run with what they think is a logical extension, without necessarily thinking it through that well. Windows Vista's very, very animated but ultimately not useful Expose-like thing (Flip3D) springs to mind. > Actually there is no good reason Microsoft didn't write an X86 virtual machine so that their tablets could run the old programs. There is. You'd be looking at something very much like Apple Rosetta. Now, the first Intel Macs were substantially faster than the PPC Macs that most people had at the time, but even then Rosetta felt painful. All current and near-future ARM chips will be slower than most current Intel chips; you'd expect it to be even more painful. Worse, for lightweight apps it would involve far more CPU usage, which would hurt battery life. People wouldn't _care_ that their Windows 8 tablet was getting two hours battery life while their friend's iPad was getting 10 because they were running a legacy app which was hogging the processor doing instruction translation; they'd just blame Microsoft. The case of Java is a little different; both Dalvik and JVM are designed to be JIT compiled relatively efficiently to multiple common architectures. Architectures like x86 and PPC are generally _not_, and things like Rosetta suffer as a result. Or, in fact, Microsoft will go one step (and not necessarily a logical step) further. There doesn't seem to be any question of a situation where, say, UIKit replaces AppKit as the modern way to write MacOS applications, and UIKit applications must be distributed through the app store. Microsoft, however, is pushing Metro as the new big thing for desktop apps, not just tablet apps, and Metro apps will be app store only. Apple in not-launching-phone-until-ready shocker. Presumably, they should just have launched it in a broken state in June and patched it up in software later, as this works so very well for certain Android OEMs. I mean, look how well the Xoom did! I haven't used Windows more than occasionally for a decade, and I still read Chen religiously; he's very entertaining. > It's really too bad Microsoft doesn't seem to value backwards compatibility as much as they did during the times Chen often writes about. This, I'd disagree on. At a certain point, one either has to move on, or to spend 90% of the time working on backward compatibility. > on the other that their driver from 2001 doesn't work right in Windows 7 Drivers were never really part of the backward compatibility obsession. They changed utterly between 9x and NT, of course, and also fairly dramatically DOS/Win3.x and 9x, between NT4 and 2000, and between XP and Vista. Unfortunately, it took them quite a while to have an actually vaguely conforming C++ implementation, and there are still issues (there was a nice example on Hacker News a while back involving some stl method being dramatically slower than both its equivalent in other major implementations, and a near-equivalent MS-specific method), which may explain some of that. Modern x86 does have the NX bit (and other major archs like ARM have equivalents), which allows areas of memory to be marked executable or not, and most modern operating systems do use it. JIT VMs will explicitly set it on produced code. This is part of the reason that JIT is not allowed, and will not even _work_, on iOS (with the exception of Mobile Safari's Javascript engine, which has special privileges). Applications aren't allowed set the ARM NX equivalent. I'd be a little surprised if Yahoo uses third parties for spam filtering. The Twitter thing is no mystery, though; Twitter routinely hides controversial hashtags. > larger screen Highly unlikely. They couldn't make it much bigger without either making it uncomfortably close to the device border, or making the device bigger. > longer battery life Quite likely. The iPad 2 has better battery life than the original iPad, with a very similar battery. They might be able to get in a process shrink for the iPhone 5, too. > faster 801n As I understand it, this would require multiple antennae, so probably not likely for space reasons. It's hard to see how it _could_ have LTE without severely hurting battery life (a big no-no), with current chipsets. And yep, it really doesn't matter that much; in most countries HSPA+ is of far more interest for the time being, and I assume it'll have that. Verizon is a pretty small slice of the iPhone market. Wow, hadn't realised it was THAT bad. That's unusable, surely? Very similar problem at the time, actually; UMTS chipsets had terrible battery life, to the point where Nokia actually made some of its Symbian devices in otherwise identical GPRS and UMTS versions. I doubt it's that significant, as this stuff varies dramatically by telco around the world. 12 months is standard here, for instance, and I believe it's often _3 years_ in Canada. If you have a global market, and only want to operate in one region (a practical necessity for many people, given the technical challenges of doing otherwise), then US East is almost always the best option. And for Google's practice of letting manufacturers do whatever bloody stupid thing they want. I'm stunned that this one ever got into production in its current state. The A4 is very similar to the Samsung Hummingbird. The A5 isn't particularly like the Exynos, though, except in that it uses A9 cores; the A5's GPU is _much_ faster. The Exynos uses an ARM Mali 400 GPU; the A5 uses an Imagination Tech SGX543MP2. The latter is far faster; at least twice as fast in most benchmarks. Also, the A5 is known to have a lot of extra DSP hardware on chip, but the purpose of that is somewhat unclear for now (it has been claimed that it's to do with facial recognition, fast camera operation and/or Siri, but really no-one knows for now). In the language of sales reporting, 'in channel == sold' is not strictly a lie, usually. We can get an idea from http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-ve... - 1.8% of Android devices accessing the marketplace are Android 3.x. Apple actually generally reports channel numbers as well, as far as I know (except for their own retail operation, which is substantial). For tablets, these numbers are likely to be closer to real sales simply because the iPad tends to sell quickly. If this wasn't the case, we'd see dropping-off of iPad 'sales' numbers as the channel backed up. Most Android tablets are the same price as the iPad or a little cheaper (with the exception of the hilariously expensive 3G/4G Xoom). Honeycomb, however, is rather buggy still, and the app ecosystem really isn't there. The configuration as recommended by the manufacturer? That seems bizarre. Certainly, most Honeycomb tablets identify themselves as such. > I just found out yesterday how much money we are spending. This strikes me as a stunningly stupid thing for a _CEO_ to admit to in public, and should give any potential investors pause. > Well, yes. Apple really isn't expecting that many 4 users to upgrade; most people don't buy a phone every year. > The $0 (w/ contract) iPhone 3GS is still a great phone for people who don't care about adding apps. Or, er, even for people who do. Almost all iPhone apps work fine in the 3GS. > The $99 (w/ contract) iPhone 4 is a great phone if you want iOS 5 but you're on a budget You get iOS 5 with the 3GS. You may be thinking of the 3G (from 2008). > I know that's just an anecdote, maybe others can share theirs. Okay. Most people I know who had a 3GS still have a 3GS; some are thinking of getting a 4S to replace it. Very few replaced it with a 4. I went from a 3G to a 4 myself. > But this sales boost will confirm to Apple that it's ok for them to just release the same phone for 2 years with some spec upgrades in the 2nd year. You mean like the 3GS? Or, in Android-land, the Droid 2, Droid 3, Atrix 2, HTC Desire/Wildfire S etc.? It's hardly that strange a thing to do. Keep the design for a year, make the device enormously faster. This is par for the course in computers, and becoming increasingly common on the mobile market. > You don't see the other manufacturers keeping the same phone for 2 years. See the Motorola Droid 2 and 3, and the HTC Wildfire S and Desire S. And Apple's own 3GS. Essentially the same physical design as their predecessors, but faster. Actually, Samsung is perhaps the only major phone manufacturer who _doesn't_ do this; most of their phones do change reasonably dramatically on every revision. Shouldn't be too bad; I've yet to see a non-game application that won't run happily enough on the 3GS. Most 'cathedral' products are developed at least somewhat in the open, and often do take external contributions. Where are you getting these? They look like the marginal tax rates, which don't really tell you all that much. > If Apple had preferred patent-free formats at the time of the iPod, they would have chosen Vorbis, which has an open royalty-free encoder That would have been a good trick, given that the very first release of Vorbis was only a year before the iPod hit the market. There have been rumors for the past few months that Apple will do just that. This release might be consistent with that; it will undoubtedly expand the audience, less because of the source availability, and more because of the Apache license patent grant. No, AAC was a successor to MP3, about a decade ago. This is a lossless format, so not really suitable for the same roles. And do remember that the "creation versus consumption" thing is a talking point originally introduced by... Microsoft! People somehow seem to have adopted it as a simple truth, but it's really a piece of marketing. Funded it? Are you talking about the US's financial relationships with China? That's just trade. If you're implying espionage, that's a bit of a stretch, at least for the US; the carrier rocket used is rather similar to a Soviet/Russian Proton, though scaled down, while the orbiters are Soyuz-like. The US hasn't produced a large hydrazine rocket in decades, and has never produced a Soyuz-like orbiter, so espionage there is improbable. China's current space technology is far more similar to Soviet and Russian work than American work. Probably not much. Most of the skeuomorphism is actually relatively new. A common topic on here is "why aren't there more women in computers?" I'd say this sort of thing is highly relevant. (a) She's quoting someone else (a MAN!) (b) That's rather hard to equate with rape threats. Astonishingly, Apple is not the only company which makes smartphones, or has a smartphone app market. The only production spacecraft with actual reactors were the Soviet RORSAT (US/A) radar surveillance satellites. The US also launched one test reactor, SNAP-10A.