I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one. I kind of like doing comments like this: "#": " my comment" Linux? But he was talking about OS X... It would literally need just one frame to see and store all available information in said frame. This means that in just a few frames, it could jump around the entire map and get a complete overview of what's available. It could easily be abstracted away, meaning the AI has access to a complete view of the map from its point of view, provided by a relatively simple conventional piece of software which just now and then jumps across the entire map and processes the images. It's thus not really an interesting problem to solve in this context, just a minor annoyance. It's a huge difference between clicking on a random facebook.com.totallynotphishing.com link, and being on the legitimate facebook.com and having that tab automatically go to a phishing site while you're not looking. So something _has_ changed in other words. You used to implicitly trust Yubikey's word that they put the publicly available source code on their devices, just like now, but you used to also be able to verify their code such that you could be fairly sure that if the trust in the company is warranted, their product is fairly secure, or more importantly, find security issues in their code. Higher level languages generally being slower than lower level languages has been documented for decades. That only mentions using their API, not reverse engineering the algorithm. Why even bother to learn programming if you can't use it to automate common tasks? How many people play call of duty? Overwatch? Battlefield? Skyrim? Not the majority of people, but a hell of a lot of people still. If people really wanted parsing directives, they could just say that keys starting with # and their values are parsing directives - e.g: { "#if": "parserversion > 1.5", "key": "somevalue", "#else": "", "key": "othervalue" } Thought I also don't really see any reason to include parsing directivesin JSON. That's not even the tone-deafest part though. What really made me cringe is his heartfelt follow-up, "that's really really sad!" How about the second largest desktop OS in the world, OS X (or now macOS)? That's BSD. The language is entirely uninteresting; what's interesting is what the runtime allows you to do. Browsers purposefully don't allow you to create raw TCP connections, yet JavaScript can in many other contexts (e.g node.js) create raw sockets perfectly fine. This. I personally agree with everyone saying const > let, but I just don't find myself caring enough about it to add the inconvenience of typing 5 characters instead of 3 every time I need to create a variable. Wouldn't it have been easier to use the C# JSON parser, and then later walk the tree it creates and convert it into a more sane data structure that way? Remember, it's PHP. Code will be running again on the next request. Only the process (or thread or whatever) handling the request with the invalid JSON crashes, and it only crashes after producing a persistent session; the next request, a different process/thread/whatever will run code, but the session from the previous request still exists. It's not about working hard to minimize typing, it's more about not wanting to switch from a state of little typing to a state of more typing. Also, it has nothing to do with optimization; I don't think there exists a single person who uses "let" over "const" because of performance reasons. I also don't think anyone uses "let" over "const" because they think it improves code quality. Unless the people making the cable decided to put their logo on top and the USB symbol on the bottom. I have one such cable from belkin. That example is about conveying the information verbally to another human, so syllables is interesting, not characters. "h h h h h h h h h h" is 10 syllables, "10 tosses, all heads" is 4 (and could be compressed further to "10 heads"). JavaScript lets you listen for multi touch events just fine with touch starts, ends, and moves, and lets you keep track of each finger separately. What gestures would it not be possible to implement with that? I switched to iOS this christmas. One of the first things I did was try to google something, get infuriated by the crappy AMP user experience, get even more infuriated there was no way to disable it anywhere, and switch to DDG. I'm an individual, not a company. I make web pages. Lots of other individuals also make web pages. It's not like only companies make websites and consumers only use websites. Maybe, I don't know. My point was that Google fucking with the web doesn't only affect companies. Even if there's vastly more company websites than personal websites, there's a vast number of personal websites too. I see you have never wanted to link someone to an AMP page. You also somehow didn't notice that there's a huge useless bar at the top of the page. Firefox' non-developer version is also getting more locked down. I had to change to it from the regular version when I couldn't use the extension I have written for myself anymore, because Mozilla removed the option to install unsigned extensions. What kind of mental gymnastics are you talking about? HTTP/2 is faster than HTTP/1. In practice, HTTP/2 requires TLS. Therefore, in practice, to get higher performance, you can achieve better performance with HTTPS than with HTTP. Java also has the problem of long startup times while the JIT is doing its thing. Javascript has always just started executing right away. Waiting a minute or two for a Java loading bar wasn't fun. Multi threaded programming man. I've lots of times had a bug which just sometimes occurs, and the easiest way to reproduce it is to just run the exact same program with the same inputs over and over until it randomly decides to not work. I find it hard to take powershell seriously, considering last time I tried using it for anything, I just wanted to quickly download something over http. Looked for something like 'wget ' online, the only results I found was something like multiple verbose lines of instantiating an http client and calling methods on it. That's fine for a programming language, completely horrible for an everyday shell, from the perspective of someone who generally only uses Firefox and a terminal emulator in Linux. After some googling just now, it seems like there's now an Invoke-WebRequest command, but that too looks like a hell of a lot of typing compared to Linux shells. There's also the fact that lots of stuff in windows wasn't designed to be accessible through the cli. You can't, for example, make a powershell script to toggle an audio output device on and off, as that's only available through the GUI. That's better than letting it get swallowed, but in my experience is pretty terrible still, as it often just results in a stack trace where your code literally doesn't exist at all. In a somewhat big project, just having a vague error message without as much as a line number is hell. Limiting a comment's length to 140 characters sounds pretty shitty, especially if your content will be content suited for longer in-depth replies. the nice thing about standards is that you don't have to make sure the script runs in a billion different shells. You just have to make sure your code is POSIX compatible, and all of a sudden, all POSIX compatible shells will interpret it just fine! Isn't that fantastic? The file size increase will continue to be an issue for a long time. As hard drive space started becoming cheap enough for PCs, people started wanting their songs on phones and MP3 players, where the storage was still expensive. As phones are now starting to get cheap enough internal storage for the flac file size not to matter, people are starting to stream music, where the file size is again important, as people are streaming music through cellular, where the price per gigabyte is still high. Maybe, once most people, even in the third world, have unlimited data plans, music file sizes will stop mattering. Or maybe we will have moved on to something else entirely where big files is still an issue. Maybe people will want to stream music from earth to space stations or lunar bases, I don't know. That assumes the only sites you want to use SSL with is sites with a web root. Many sites use python's flask or node.js or similar, where you instead have an http server running on a high port, then proxy requests to certain domains to those ports. Such a script won't work with a setup like that. > Nothing stops you from running a CA that offers 1 year certs over ACME. Or just providing one that also offers 90 day certs. If people will trust that CA is another question. You know that's BS. All of your users would get certificate errors, that's what's preventing you from running your own CA. The issue here doesn't seem that a data center went down, but that there was a bug which caused downtime. Google's broken AMP crap is what made me switch to duckduckgo on iOS. I don't know if it's the same in bash, but at least in zsh, "git branch " and "b " have the exact same result, if b is aliased to "git branch"; the first tab fills in the name of the branch, another lets me select a commit, and further tabs are command line options. You might also be interested in this function from my zshrc: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/f078de8890461d247af45... Basically, if you're in the directory `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something/bar/baz`, and want to get back up to say `~/something/src/projectname/foo`, `to foo` will do that. (Or `to oo` or `to o`; it matches the end of the name, and goes to the first match; `to ing` would go to `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something`). Why is there an annoying "open in app" button covering the content? it's just text and pictures, my web browser handles that just fine. If I want to open it in an app, I can open it in pocket. Who is talking about ultimate truths? Science is about doing observations and trying to figure out what models explain the observations best, not finding some mystical ultimate truth. I would also be interested in a citation, but it does make sense; if tracking dots is well known (which they are), and it was easy to circumvent by just removing yellow toner, anyone somewhat technically adept would just remove their toner before printing their illegal documents. Firstly, there's no requirement to read other unrelated threads before commenting in this thread. Secondly, what's more relevant: Siri, Cortana, and Alexa, or random assistants on the Play store? (I'm ignoring Google Assistant, as that's named after a company, not a male or female). To be clear, I don't think it matters whether assistants are named after males or females, I just thought your comment was needlessly dismissive. Had you provided a link to the other hacker news thread[s] and not been as aggressive, your comment would have had much more value. Others, like JS and Lua, just use doubles, meaning they'll never overflow - instead every 2 numbers start to be considered equal. Then a while after that every 4, etc. Not exactly optimal behavior when using incrementing IDs. I don't like the goto fail thing being discussed as an example of goto being evil. If they had used the other common pattern - returning -1 on failure - instead of the pattern they used, their code would look like this: if (a) return -1; if (b) return -1; return -1; if (c) return -1; return 0; And literally the exact same issue would occur, even though goto wasn't used. You don't need ifs either, just conditional goto. Well, that guy was right to be worried. Apple made extremely successful consumer products, but where are their servers? You could rightly argue that it's better for apple to focus on other stuff than servers, but it most definitely wasn't better for the people who depended on their server hardware and software. Isn't a lot of the "4k" in consoles really just rendering at a lower resolution and upscaling? And even if you don't use those, denounce takes about 4 lines to write. WebRTC for the browser is poorly documented, but try their C++ library. The documentation is _literally_ "it's open source, to look st headers in the api/ directory". Just look at this: https://webrtc.org/native-code/native-apis/ - a couple of high level diagrams, and links to headers. It wasn't originally, but twitter over SMS hasn't been relevant for a long time now. They definitely would have gone away from the 140 char restriction if they thought it would have made their service better. So... no ISO standard is really free or open, just drafts which may or may not be similar? That sounds kind of shitty. A lot of stuff works amazingly well when you're on the same wifi network as the development server and use a top of the line iPhone 7. I assume most "usability testing" from such websites are done like that. I do? The problem for me is that i3 is only a part of the puzzle. I use sxhkd for a bunch of hotkeys; that has to be replaced. I use xdotool _a lot_, and I don't know if such functionality is even possible in wayland. I use scoot heavily, both as a way to screenshot from a hotkey (presumably easy to replace?) and as part of scripts; my script which locks the computer uses scrot, imagemagick and i3lock. There's probably a bunch of other small things in my system which will break by not having an X server too. Who said anything about UB? You can easily fuck up a parallel program in a nondeterministic may without UB. If two threads are in a deadlock, each waiting for the other thread to release a resource it needs, nobody cares that it wasn't caused by UB. I use i3wm's `bindsym` for stuff that's related to window management, like moving around windows, resizing them, moving windows or focus to workspaces, etc. Other stuff, like volume control, screenshots (print screen -> take screenshot, upload to a web server, put URL in clipboard), mouse movement (with xdotool), etc. is handled through sxhkd. There's no reason I couldn't just use bindsym for all of that, but now non-windowing hotkeys is not coupled with the WM, so I could choose to switch window manager and still have all non-WM hotkeys work. Here's my git repository with all dotfiles and such: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf I use i3wm (well, i3-gaps) as the WM. Xdotool is just used to move the cursor with hotkeys: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... , scrot is used both for a print screen button (scrot takes the picture, then it's copied to my server with scp, and the URL is put in the clipboard: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mshot ) and for i3lock (scrot takes the picture, imagemagick pixelates, i3lock shows it: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mlock ). I also have a project called dedaemon: https://github.com/mortie/dedaemon . That uses udev to listen to events, like displays or input devices being connected or disconnected, and does a preconfigured to them. I for example have these lines, which sets the resolution and frame rate to any connected monitor to the highest possible, and positions it to the left of the primary monitor: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... . I imagine porting that functionality to wayland would be really hard, and probalby require writing custom extensions to each window manager separately. There's also this other project I have, which isn't really related to wayland, but which I still feel is relevant: mmenu - https://github.com/mortie/mmenu . It just makes dmenu work as a calculator, running the input through python if it doesn't match a program in your $PATH, plus some other features. One thing I don't really like about that site is that it gives browsers worse scores for not unblocking third parties which promise to honor do not track. Surely you're more safe when you don't trust anyone instead of trusting that third parties which honor DNT actually honor it. It kind of reeks of pushing an agenda, which would have been okay (it's the EFF after all) if the tool didn't claim to score your browser on how well it protects you from tracking. I absolutely hate that you can't have unused variables in Go, or that you can't have unreachable code in Go or Java. It makes the already tiresome work of debugging significantly more frustrating. How are you supposed to make data structures which work with any type without void pointers in C? Every since the last patch there has been a bug where if person A of one team takes down a gym and puts in a pokemon, person B of the same team has to wait half an hour before they can put in their pokemon, getting a "The gym is under attack!" error message before those ~30 minutes. The one core gameplay feature, taking down gyms together with one or more friends, has been broken for almost two weeks. The incompetence is staggering. There are workarounds (everyone have to insert their pokemon at the exact same time), but that's besides the point. That looks pretty interesting. stole the idea and made something similar in bash: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mousetree , with hotkeys configured with sxhkd: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/d87f241963edc49a57171... I don't know about A, I just know it's far too long to just hang around and wait, but regarding B: I'm certain that when my brother and I have taken over a gym together, both present in the fight, and one have put in a pokemon before the other, the other can't insert a pokemon because "The gym is under attack". It's not useful in shipped code, and absolutely should be a warning, but it's incredibly useful while creating the program or debugging. I'm far from an expert on the topic, but I'm pretty sure APFS does a lot of global locking, which would definitely explain at least some of that. There's not really such a thing as "gaining unauthorized access to the salt" when you already have the hash; the salt is just as secret as the hash, and the hash is useless as a means of authentication without the salt, so obtaining the hash, unauthorized or not, generally also means you obtain the salt. Libraries for algorithms like scrypt even usually give you one string which contains both a random salt and a hash. You can regenerate a rainbow table which uses that salt, but you'd have to generate a rainbow table for every password, since each password has its own random salt. I don't know how rainbow tables work exactly, but I'd assume an old fashioned brute force attack or dictionary attack is cheaper than making a rainbow table for each password. I just noticed now, 4 days late, that I wrote APFS but meant HFS+. Sorry. You can't figure out how to set >1x speed? On the playback screen, there's one button in each of the bottom corners; bottom right lets you set a sleep timer, bottom left has a whole bunch of settings, including playback speed. Well, the easiest way to protect against it is making sure an attacker doesn't know your wifi password. This isn't necessarily only about copyright infringement (though it's definitely that too). If some of the source code on your machine contain sensitive information, like API keys, database passwords, etc. Legally, the word "theft" isn't only used when one party loses anything; a victim of identity theft doesn't lose their identity, yet we don't call it "identity infringement". I'm not familiar enough with US law to know for sure, but it wouldn't surprise me if the word "theft" is used somewhere for obtaining sensitive information without permission. Are you serious? Eich wrote it for Netscape in 10 days. If you want to blame anyone, blame those at Netscape who only gave him a week and a half. He did a phenomenal job given the situation. Fuck Kite. This is obvious damage control after the backlash of their severe betrayal of the open source community. They’re not sorry they did what they did; they're sorry they got caught. The title “Staying Open” is so full of BS it hurts. Yes, and the parent comments are talking about a way to make it possible to compile all the shaders on startup instead of in the middle of the game. Longer loading times > stuttering. What are you trying to argue? Can't people on the Internet both enjoy telling someone they're wrong, _and_ be interested in someone saying they were wrong, at the same time? I've been doing a lot of low-ish level programming with video hardware on an embedded system. I mmap a buffer, which gives direct access to the hardware. I trust that the driver reports the correct size of the buffer, and that the hardware puts the bits in that buffer in the way its spec promises. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? I can prove that my software, for example, moves bits from offset x to offset y in the buffer correctly, but how do I prove that it makes sense to move those bits in that way? Or that I have interpreted the driver's documentation correctly, or the v4l2 API correctly, or that the hardware or driver does what it says it does? Keep in mind that this is C++ of course, so there's no mathematically rigorous type system; I just have a uint8_t pointer to a place in memory. I can potentially lay down a bunch of assumptions, and prove that, given those assumptions, my program acts correctly. However, most of the bugs arise from incorrect assumptions. One concrete example: When feeding pixel data to the onboard hardware h264 encoder's driver, after having set a resolution of 1920x1080, the resulting h264-encoded frame will be displayed in a h264 decoder with a resolution of 1920x1080. This turned out to be wrong, because the hardware can only deal with blocks of size 16x16, so the width and height must be a multiple of 16, and the driver isn't smart enough to add the necessary metadata to make a decoder crop it, so there's 8 green (because YCbCr) pixels on the bottom of the video. The solution to this is to manually splice the h264 bitstream, to insert my own metadata which has the correct cropping. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? Just getting YouTube red is a great solution - for those two or so countries where it's available. Most of us here in the non-US part of the world don't really have that option. To be fair, you would also not say “My favorite subjects are games”; there’s only one subject, called “games”, even though the word “games” is a plural form of “game”. I can’t really come up with a situation where you would want to refer to multiple “mathematicses”; it kind of just is something ethereal, not a _thing_ where it makes sense to refer to one or many. Developed, yes, but in general, your build system bundles it all up into one javascript file which is sent to the browser. Even if you don't bundle the javascript, all the code has to be sent to the browser anyways, just over multiple HTTP requests instead of one. Does that mean that a "compiler" which outputs the WebAssembly text format, relying on other tools to convert that to the WASM binary format, is a transpiler? XKCD related to the topic: https://www.xkcd.com/1860/ How about this definition? A compiler is anything which takes an input and produces some kind of executable code. That "executable code" might be machine code, bytecode, another intermediate language (i.e WASM text, JavaScript, C, etc.), or whatever. A transpiler is a form of a compiler which could be implemented as a parser + pretty printer; something where the semantics match an existing language, instead of having a complete "code generator". CoffeeScript is a good example of that, and so would for example a language which interpret Python code with braces and insignificant indentation, and outputs Python code without braces but with correct indentation. One problem with this definition is that the C preprocessor would fall into the compiler category, because it produces C code. Maybe it would make sense to amend the definition of compiler to exclude macro languages; or maybe it would makes ense to include them in the overall compiler category and give them their own subcategory like transpilers. What happens in 2038? I hope you're never representing those 32 bits of UNIX timestamp as a signed integer anywhere. If you're making sure to always keep it unsigned, what happens in year 2106? EDIT: I'm not criticizing you, and a valid counter argument would be that you make absolutely sure to always store the timestamp unsigned, that it doesn't need to work until 2106 because it's a toy project, or that an overflow wouldn't really matter because you make sure to keep it unique even after an overflow, but I get scared any time storing a UNIX timestamp in 32 bits is mentioned, and am wondering if you've considered it. That sounds like a pretty interesting code golf-ish challenge actually, would attempt if I had more than 3% battery on my laptop atm :( The iPhone 4 was actually the only iPhone with a number which coincided with the generation; before it, there was 2G, then 3G, then 3GS, then 4. If anything, the 3GS should’ve been called the iPhone 3, but they’ve been pretty clear from the start that the name doesn’t really reflect a simple incrementing version number. FaceTime was also going to become an open standard which everyone could use... Here’s hoping though. Well yeah, weren't a lot of the broken systems big cobol systems from that era? You never know what software ends up being still used for critical systems 20 years down the road, so it's stupid to knowingly make a new system which is guaranteed to break in 20 years. That said, it sounds like this guy has thought about it, and is making sure to use all 32 bits to store the timestamp. Definitely this. When I was using an iPhone, it was for all intents and purposes locked behind my thumbprint (even though you could theoretically make a model thumb with my fingerprint and unlock it, it protects from everything other than highly skilled criminals/governments who very specifically target me). Now that I have a Galaxy S5, there's no way I'm writing in a passcode every time I unlock it (and that horrible "fingerprint scanner" is not a replacement for Touch ID), so it's just unlocked. I mean, I know you're joking, but it's not really the case. Before Touch ID, you had to either leave your phone always unlocked, or have a pass code/word. Those options are still available, there's just two additional ways now with Touch/Face ID, so they haven't gotten less usable for non-humans, just more usable for humans. How about a big helmet? I imagine snowboarders/alpine skiers/motorcyclist will have to take off the helmet to unlock. As someone who goes snowboarding in the winter, it sounds really annoying to not only have to remove a glove, but also the helmet, to unlock the phone (or unlock with a passcode, which is still a downgrade from using the fingerprint).