What a sad day. I will miss his way of making facts really exciting I fully agree with all points. 1. Listen: I once read, there are three types of people. This who don't listen, those who listen to answer and those who listen to understand. I have always appreciated the latter who try to understand and don't judge. I tend to shut up with the former 2 types 2. Cherish: Science shows that people who are thankful - on a daily basis - are usually happy and thus thrive. It's not the other way around. Success is not the reason for happiness. The reverse is true 3. Commitment: I simply love to give all I have to projects. Because it's trough ownership that I really make a difference I have used vue as alternative a lot lately, and I must say it's great. Easy to learn, reactive and fast. So, the question is: What can we do as a community? Come on guys. We have probably many of the smartest people on this planet reading this shit here right now. What can we do? What could be a cool tool, solution, initiative? Ideas anybody?! All the advice in the article sounds very generic to me. Standard startup fairytale. I wonder where all the upvotes are coming from This video is disgusting, I hate it and will share it with all my friends! ;-) Wow, great comparison. It's seems as if icons make a lot of sense in places that are used constantly (like the iOS screen) Today's Mother's Day. Call your mums people https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HB3xM93rXbY PS: I have always thought that mothership should be rewarded much higher by society, e.g. through tax breaks, or even real money payout. In the end, people with no kids have an unfair advantage as they can earn more money while mums are at least contributing at the same level to society and should thus be rewarded. That's not really a lot of money compared to the risk he/she is running... Oh man. I wish back the old days where AI would be short for Advanced Industries... ;-) Great blog post, short and quick read. The whole voice and children stuff has not been worked out properly yet. I believe Mattel is working on some special child-focused device. I am like that too. I need to push myself towards creation every single day, otherwise I slip into the consumption trap (still happens once in a while). This is what helps me: - Think backwards. How many years do you have left? How many days? Time is running, we only get to live once - Stop consuming in the morning. Instead of checking emails, news etc on your smartphone, I get up and write down all the things I want to do the day. Then I start working on the top items - Enjoy traction. Once you release something you'll get hooked on the data. How many people like my post? What's the feedback I receive. When I see that there is traction, I get excited and I enjoy interacting with the community Btw: You are already contributing :) Look at the feedback here. This may be of help: https://bothsidesofthetable.com/how-do-you-motivate-yourself... That looks really great! I'll definitely use it in one of my projects. Thanks Absolutely. Look at google for instance and all the things they've stopped supporting. I find the argument also quite disturbing because this will add to the already existing monopolies of these "large companies". Germany is a highly decentralized country. Maybe go and study in one of the metropolitan areas but then return to their beloved villages far away from the maddening crowds. In fact many of these hidden champions are in the "middle of nowhere" with often sub-par logistics (e.g. no immediate Autobahn or major train connection). >For example, Facebook had an offer from Yahoo for a billion dollars, which everyone told Zuck to take. Fortunately, he said no. Had he said yes, it would have been another failed Yahoo acquisition and Facebook would not have nearly as much impact. Really? How can you know what the path of Facebook would have been with a yahoo acquisition? That's like predicting the future. Besides, what is the real "impact" of Facebook? Which impact are we talking about? To the shareholder? To society? If he refers to the latter, I can think of no way to measure the "impact". Where is the data for that story? I'm so weird. I talk to myself all day! But it really helps to structure your thoughts. However it can be quite annonying for yourself: sometimes I can't listen to myself no more and start working. and your environment: my wife complains about me being nerdy, I stop then and start focusing on a good discussion with her, which helps. I even find myself talking to myself (in my head) when I'm with my kids playing... which is not good at all, but I have the feeling I need the time to think to solve problems. ...and changes the native scroll behavior iOS (which is much slower). Google has no respect for the native behavior Thanks for pointing this out. I am looking forward to a homogeneous scrolling experience. Still, I don't understand why google's AMP team they would change scrolling behavior in iOS 10 and lower. Still up and running :) just watched his latest snap, where he'd basically confirmed the story above. "Finding yourself" is not an end goal for me. It's a journey towards using the time I have on this planet to a) have (great) impact b) doing what I'm passionate about In other words, it is the quest to "find a mission" and not just your live on a day-to-day basis. I think this is what most of us strive for, but don't have the guts to pursue, because it means taking time of your day job, reading books, talking to people etc. And even if you find your mission there is no guarantee that you'll fulfill another necessary condition: earning enough money for you and your family. I truly believe that if more of us would start a journey to "find themselves", find a mission and drive the human race forward with their skills we'd be better off. However, the opportunity cost for this approach can be quite high, which is probably the reason just a few follow their heart and instead spend 1/3 of their lifetime (8 hrs per day) working for soulless corporates with no (or prentened) mission. I like your expression "dick moves", summarizes it quite well. John Gruber started calling static mobile navigation bars as "dickbars" [1]. Maybe we should build on that and call these moves accordingly ;-) e.g. "dicktimer" [1] https://daringfireball.net/2017/06/medium_dickbars Because you have to have a supply of lactase pills always readily available on you. I often forget my pills and thus rely on lactose free products, e.g. Lactose free cappuccino... which by the way is much easier to get in Germany than in the states (for whatever reason) The keychain holder is a good idea, never thought of it. Will check it out :) I just love Legos. I spend countless hours in my childhood building whole cities in my room... I was so excited when we got our baby boy that I bought a brand new Lego police station right away, which I've stored in the basement of ourhoise. He's now 2... we'll get there. That said, I have the feeling that when I was a kid there was a bigger variety of "joinable" toy systems. Lego has gotten so big that all of them vanished by now. However, that's just ust based on my gut feeling, I don't have real data for that The single best argument for vue is that we should not support large internet monopolies. vue is so awesome even more so once you realize that it is basically driven by a single person Sure. Then the next level will start and we will have achieved a great milestone. The way I see it though is that we are quite some time away from that point. (Unfortunately) Not entirely sure, but maybe it's your last line... To discuss it? I guess? Agree 100%. Problem is though that many airline are starting to offer WiFi connectivity. I just hope that they've built shitty systems that won't work most of the time... :) Why do you think the book is good? I've read it too, but I was not impressed. a) style and story was actually quite boring from my point of view b) I believe that the systems we have in place are much more resilient than people think (my dad was an electrical engineer building grids all over the world, I got my hypotheses from him :)) Really just asking, since I'm interested why this book is so well received Well 1.2 million euros fine is nothing to Facebook. That won't stop them from anything I think it's great that we have people researching this. However, what worries me are not the results but how we are going to deal with them. As a species we have to cope with the fact that the climate is changing, we won't reverse that so easily. This is a fact. I'd rather talk about how to overcome the obstacles exposed by this study not only the mere fact that our food is changing "for the worse". Finally, I believe for many parts of the world I suppose it isn't as bad as portrait to have a higher carbohydrate share in their meals. As far as I understand the article it states that the share of carbs is increasing. That food is lacking other nutrients seems to man made as well but the underlying reason is not climate change but agricultural methods that have changed ok, makes sense. I didn't realize it was for 3 users only. I still wonder how impressed they really are... DDG is really great! I use it on all my devices since January. I've tried it before to by changing the default to DDG on my iOS devices. However, I've always switched back to google after a couple of weeks. Not this time. Every now and then when I'm not happy with the search results, I use the "g!" Shortcut to get the google results, but the occasions I'm doing this is definitely decreasing. Fully agree. Reminds me of this: https://xkcd.com/1227/ This is sooo cool!! Quite interesting read. However, I would refrain from drawing general conclusions about democracy out of this. I guess, we as a species tend to have anger problem, no matter which societal form we live in. „The exact cost to taxpayers of idling the facility is unclear, but an internal Los Alamos report estimated in 2013 that shutting down the lab where such work is conducted costs the government as much as $1.36 million a day in lost productivity.“ Homeresque Party like it‘s 99... Oh wow, that sounds like great advice. I’m a regular 3-times sneezer for no obvious reasons, often in office building. I figured it may be related to an allergic reaction to those office floor carpets (that or I’m allergic to working as such). Since my sneezing is super loud I am looking forward to trying this technique soon! Thanks for sharing I really wonder why we have such a hard time to get along with each other... I really love those Soviet white hats. Does anybody know if they served any real purpose, or was that just soviet chic? A foreign species is waiting exactly for this to happen (cloaking ship behind the moon)... they will invade and destroy us. All because you imposed your path on us ;-) Unfortunately I cannot access the article... could anyone summarize the content? Thanks I would love to see the same analysis for millionaires. A lot bigger sample size to draw conclusions on and more relevant for many people who’s goal is to become rich one day. Unsorted list of things you could do: Grow your network, read books and learn new stuff, get jobs with great sounding titles, get jobs, where you are exposed to key stakeholders in your industry, give talks, setup a „coffee date“ every other week (meet people for 30min, don’t ask for a job, just mention you’re always interested in oppurtunities to grow, they will reach out to you when something opens up). That seems to be a very interesting article. However, it’s quite long. Anybody ok with writing a short synthesis or abstract? Thanks This is very sad and sickening. I wonder where we are headed with this. I hope that these countries will somehow start treating this stream as scarce resource, but I believe western style environmentalism is quite a stretch. If the Nile collapses Europe will see refugees streams of unimaginable magnitude. Reminds me very much of Steve. I miss him Once we are gone, they’ll all come back: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... > The best start-ups keep being scooped up by the big guys (see Instagram and WhatsApp, owned by Facebook) Well, I don’t know. „Scooped up“ sounds very hostile, in reality these startups were sold for a fortune. Also, the fact that you’re able to buy an innovative startup does not necessarily mean that you’ll integrate or run it successfully. Take for example google’s Nest or Motorola acquisition. Acquiring and sustaining is quite difficult. Cool. Does anybody know an app where I can exercise like in the video? I worked in a wework Office for about a year. At first I thought the environment was great, I loved the free beer and the community. However, once we moved out, I realized how much more productive we were in our own office. We had - more space - less noise, in terms of sound and visually (you see everybody passing by through the glass and have to force yourself not to look at them. For a while we had some posters up, but we had to remove them since wework’s company policy doesn’t like that) - less distractions: in the end, the community was nice, but it didn’t help us that much, since it was quite random, there were a lot events, almost every day, the place was always busy - climate service: we had so many issues with heating/cooling, either it was too hot or too cold, it never got really fixed - cost: their meeting room system is a total rip-off, even though basic rents are okish, the meeting rooms were a real cost sucker, in many months we’d pay almost as much for meeting rooms as the basic rent We liked the culture and the spirit, but we’re much happier in our own space now, we don’t pay for meeting rooms and we can meet our relevant community whenever we want, distractions went down, productivity up. I don’t know. Isn’t that a matter of trade-offs? Sure smartphones used to have a very long battery life and were more robust in the “good old days”, but they had tiny screens and real keyboards. Even though it never broke when I let it slip, I don’t miss my old blackberry. I can so do so much more with my iPhone today that I am ok with it being less sturdy. Really, only “these days”? Don’t you think it has always been like this? I’ve been to Barcelona quite often. People are nice and friendly. One time though when I was out eating dinner with a Spanish friend from Madrid something strange happened: the waiter told her she could not order in Spanish, she needed to speak Catalan, which was totally weird since we ordered in Spanish right before she ordered. But our Spanish was of course quite bad with a foreign accent, he was ok with that. We thought that was quite rude and impolite and ended up dining somewhere else. I definitely don’t know enough to judge the whole thing. However, from what I know, as a European, the secession movement bewilders me. It strangely feels very un-European. How can we unite the continent if we start separating countries? Can we not all just get along together and not care so much about the details of our passport? Which problem is independence solving? I did not intend to be disrespectful in any way. I am - as I wrote - judging this with my limited knowledge of the matter, which is probably more or less on the same level of other Europeans watching things unfold right now. Not more, not less. Thus, no, my question was absolutely not rhetorical. Happy to hear which problem their trying to solve. And which other country is doing this today? Sure, many countries change parts of their constitution from time to time, usually through a parliament. The question was however: "So every generation has to vote a new constitution?" because earlier someone was questioning the Spanish constitution since "no one under 57 has voted on it". I don’t think I follow. What is then exactly now the difference if you compare Spain with other countries? I have been thinking about that exact service for a while. One big issue is that you need the reverse engineer the pricing models of retailers, i.e. mapping out a high-dimensional space. For that you need a lot of data from the retailers . They could probably ban you quickly if you start pulling price quotes en masse. Then you need to invest a lot in cloaking techniques etc. Oh wow, so it’s far worse than I thought. So the only way is to best-guess pricing models? Oh one thing you could do: Create a huge community of users who share their purchase data and other data.and then build the model through that died so if you want to participate and save you need to be part of the panel What about blockchain technology? That would sure help, too... Thank you. For me, the weak spot of the article is the missing data for this story. I’d like to see your whitepaper! Dunno. Show him your whitepapers?! Can somebody explain why this is big news? It looks like a standard input to me. I'm genuinely asking... From an outside perspective it is interesting to see, that a place, which is accepted as the planet’s hotbed of innovation is not able to produce a solution for this pressing problem. Maybe Elon or someone else should be city below the sea. True, and unfortunately it does not render it properly, it‘s cut after 20 chars or so They‘ll be back, once we’re gone: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/23/wildlife-returns-... Thanks, you’re right. I wasn’t aware of that. The experience is rather crappy though. Cumbersome to scroll on a smartphone screen and I’d love to see to entire statement not parts of only at a time. And that’s exactly why Apple is so often so great at innovation: they make bold trade-off decisions on behalf of the users knowing the public will beat them initially, but that it’ll pay off in the long run - for everyone. Which other company does that? You mean India and Persia I suppose :-) Which big empire was not like this? Wow, this is crazy. As a huge vue.js fan I'd argue that the percentage value would be much lower with vue. But, I’m not totally sure. I still don’t understand, which problem independence it’s going to solve for Catalonian people I vividly remember when I was handed my tuition statement at a US college. All the courses added up to a absurd number for a single semester. As an European exchange student an additional line, where this absurd number was waived saved my ass. But still, I remember how shocked I was back then. I thought: How can all my class mates afford that rate for several semesters? I think it is totally absurd that one of the most advanced nations on this planet is putting such a high tax on higher education. Education in general is so crucial for a developed country like the US that I believe it should be free (at least almost free). Same here. I simply hate sites with videos and no related text content/summary. I’ve noticed that especially news sites are increasingly employing this “feature”. I assume the main reason for this is that can force you to watch the 20-30s video ad. There is no way of avoiding it other than opening a new tab and doing something else for 30s... what a waste of life time My sister told me she bought some and that she’ll buy more soon. She also told me that the price will rise and rise. I’m not sure what to say, I’m totally stunned. But I guess that is an interesting signal showing that the pool of people who could potentially buy more and thus drive the price is tremendously big. > Lesson Ten: Mathematics is still the queen of the sciences. > When an undergraduate asks me whether he or she should major in mathematics rather than in another field that I will simply call X, my answer is the following: "If you major in mathematics, you can switch to X anytime you want to, but not the other way around." You can argue that with Physics as well. However, I have learned in my life, that there is a value in not having the option to "go back". Flexibility comes at a price. I wonder how we are going to react, when computers start acting as irrational as we do: “Nah, today’s not my day, I don’t want to do the calculation. Maybe tomorrow...”. Oh well... Oh good ol times... :wq > since the quality of hungarian education is getting worse and worse, thanks to the "reforms", which basically means they are spending less and less on education on all level I always wondered what good metrics are to measure the quality of education. Since you say “worse and worse” can you share any insight to that? I mean you could potentially refer to the OECD world rankings but somehow I don’t trust those lists, since they “feel” quite mechanistic. > A: We used a popular 3D printer. Nose was made by a handmade artist. We use 2D printing for other parts (similar to how we tricked Face Recognition 9 years ago). The skin was also hand-made to trick Apple's AI. > Q: What's the approximate cost of the mask? > A: ~ 150 USD Taken together, the second answer cannot be true. Only if the cost stated is related to material cost only, which is is only one input factor to assess the total cost of this approach Human labor cost for example, but apart from that: how many masks were used to trick Face ID? I would assume it was not prototype number 1 that did the trick Cost do matter for their claim, because given an indefinite budget every security measure can be broken. Maybe you are right. But, let’s not panic about this though. I believe this will be just a temporary hike and pushes Germany towards renewable energy sources even stronger. This list is so Silicon Valley cliche. I wish they started addressing the real problems of this planet, like overpopulation, climate change, droughts, you name it. But hey, why not help dogs talk I’ll bet there is a technology angle to this. Maybe blockchain could help here, too? Apart from the privacy issues: my niece got a “smartwatch” recently at the age of 5 with many games installed on it. She was instantly addicted to it. After she was nearly ran over by a car because she looked at the thing instead of left/right at a street her parents got rid of that thing. They said it was straight out of hell... I guess that’s a real Gretchen question... Reminds me of the smart home, which I’m still waiting for That’s exactly what I think You mean like google, facebook and amazon? I regularly forget how Bayes works. Everytime that happens I browse up to that page: https://www.bayestheorem.net/ I love the way it’s explained there.