>...get ahead of the game and just start paying your subscription fees already Sorry but I am staying behind and happy like a clam as I save tons of money. Those subscriptions are like a death by the thousand cuts. So maybe it is profitable for those big corps but I do not give rats ... about their profits. I care about mine ;) That is exactly why I use Delphi when doing GUI apps on Windows. Single GUI framework that works like a charm for more then 20 years. It is very unfashionable to say mildly but it is the fastest tool to get things done for Windows GUI apps. I actually tried most and ended up with Delphi as ticking most checkboxes in my big list list. Granted I am an ISV and could care less about what other think about popularity of the tools I choose. Always pick what suits me. As for finding developers: that does not seem to be a a problem if one knows how/where to look. LOL. I never really strayed from this one on Windows. Everything else came with big limitations on what one can do. "Step out of your Silicon Valley bubble" ... I have Business Fiber Internet package from Bell in my house in Toronto. Residential area far from city core with an old houses, definitely not a Silicon Valley. 1000 up and down. It costs me $80 Canadian pesos. Not bad. I do not consume books. I read them I've never understood the so called advantages of dynamic typing. To me it looks like a land mine in one's project waiting to blow at run time. And what for? Do developers code so fast that the time spent on typing something like "int i" will provide any real savings? Now vendors are trying to patch those with bolted on top syntax extensions/derived languages that need to be transpiled. What a mess. This logic transpiles(TM) to this in my brain: a) I am messing around and need to write 10 lines of code. Can I write it fast and without thinking? Sure and not needing to type int/float/whatever will save me couple of seconds. If I iterate and rewrite that short piece 10 times then I just saved 20 seconds. Chirp chirp ... . Do I need special language for just that? Lemme guess ... b) I am messing around and need to write few hundred or thousands lines of code. Can I write it fast? Maybe but it is likely that good chunk of time will be spent thinking. I doubt that at this point not declaring type will save anything worth noticing. But that of course is my opinion Depending on library used it can actually be the same amount of lines. The lines are a bit longer of course. Example auto obj = JSON(text); int age = obj.["persons"][3]["age"]; It is not in my opinion. With modern development tools/frameworks providing memory leaks detection I have completely forgotten when was the last time that my programs leaked memory. And I write complex high performance game servers that run for months non stop. You just have to acquire certain culture/behavior when writing code. I did not have time to really look at it but if at some point they will accomplish everything in their roadmap it will be one heck of a development tool. Love it. for c/c++ I use Visual Leak Detector and Valgrind. For Delphi/FreePascal/Lazarus there are built-in tools and also MadExcept . Behavior/patterns are different depending on task/language but generally when writing code if I want to allocate anything I first write deallocation code. Oh sweet memories I have created almost identical implementation of this as an embeddable library in a year 2000 along with proprietary SQL language. The reason was that my client had inventory of products with some crazy amount of attributes and each product can have its own set and the client kept changing, creating, deleting those. It was in memory but with persistence and atomic transactions. No history though. It was blindingly fast on complex queries. And the schema of the database was kept as a set of entities with some predefined names, values and range of id's . For a while I was contemplating releasing it as a standalone product but as I had enough tasks on my plate decided not to do it. Kinda feel sorry now ;( So all in all very close by idea. Couple of times I saw programs written in Russian versions of Basic and some other, forgot which one. Never mind programming even trying to understand it blew my brains out. Russian being my native language I could never imagine writing software in it. I also have the same feelings about the songs as you just described. So all in all completely agree with you. "...Scientists writing open-source software often lack formal training in software engineering, which means that they might never have learnt best practices for code documentation and testing..." This is the most ridiculous statement. I had chance to work in either environment. Having that experience for the quality of the end result I will take scientist (preferably physicist or mathematician) with self taught software development skills over formally trained agile guru any time. Of course there are exceptions but ... I was talking about scientists who switched from science to writing software as a product for whatever reason. They surely produce good docs (properly documenting their work is the very basis of being scientist). As for writing imperative code in C/C++/Whatever other language they seem to choose: nothing is wrong with that. Again, from my experience university educated scientists are better educated and as a result could better understand the actual problems needed to be solved and find very good and practical ways to accomplish it. As for what goes for "formal training" in modern colleges. Well I better not go there. "...It's talking about scientists that did NOT switch to writing software as a product, but as merely a way to accomplish their primary scientific goals. ..." Sure, for this they would do what is just enough to solve their specific problem. Just as ANY sound business would do. Imperative programming and components are 2 different things. The latter could be implemented with numerous approaches including imperative programming Exactly my thoughts. "Agile is not science-based, it is an ad hoc bag of techniques that seem to have merit" Each participant of "Agile" development should have this hung on their work place. It is even cooler when one considers how much those eGPU enclosures cost, never mind lack of nVidia support on those. So you say that as long as you kill foreigners it is ok comparatively to state killing their own? "So how come we got this smartphone crap, instead of actual portable computers that could, among other things, work as cellphones" I think because they care about milking users, not about them being creative. I myself is very disappointed about what smartphone could've been for people and what it actually is. It is an unsavory set of questions that has no bearing on practical work, also implementation dependent. The answer is: No, I do not know C or any other language for that matter. I know some implementations of various languages just enough to write sound and readable code. And as I forced to use a bit more languages than I like I rely on local/Internet search to keep my brains concentrated on accomplishing the actual task rather then effing them up trying to figure out some esoteric constructs. Not to worry. Dev community will quickly release new and shiny interpreter of interpreter. That'll take care of performance gains ;) While I do not care about / immune to FB, Twitter, etc etc, I liked the first comment I saw on that page: "I really don’t need Woz or anyone else telling me what I need to do!" I might be naive but I do admire what he did to save his employees held hostage in Iran. Why should not they mix ? I now mostly work on high level code (C++, Python, Delphi/FreePascal/Javascript/etc ). But every once in a while fun project comes in. For example I had no problem creating 4 quadrant torque driven 3 phase AC motor controller using AT90USB1286 microcontroller from Atmel. Granted I did not use assembly for programming as plain C was good enough. Or police light flashing pattern controller on PIC32MX795. Fun fun fun ;) Ok. At some point in the future the browser/wasm will have won. So instead of Linux/Windows/OSX we will have Firefox/Safari/Chrome/Whatever all with their own implementation gotchas, missing features and performance loss. All for the sake of browser vendors trying to displace the existing native deployment platforms. They sure have nice financial incentive. Why do we - developers fall into this trap? We've been there quite a few times already, with cross platform standards. No matter what vendors will fsck'em up with proprietary things. I am partially an ISV and we provide pure native application for Windows at the moment. No UWP/.NET/APP_STORE/WHATEVER . It is digitally signed and distributed by downloading from our web site. So far no problem. Since we've been in business a number of years there are no any browser/OS/Antivirus level warning boxed during downloading and installation. There is no free lunch in this universe. For big applications like CAD there will be nothing "instant" for in case of deployment as web apps. Downloading native packed archive and running install may actually be faster. Yeah, right. Compilers do not deal with the difference in presence / absence and different implementations of various features on different platforms, be it native OS or Browser OS. "...Last but not least, web developers are the biggest pool to hire from..." For boiler plate business web apps sure. And while those are probably being prevalent the world does not stop there. "yes, this is way forward." - I don't think so I am not sure about "most people" but I use fair number of applications (not including software development tools here as they do not pass"most people" criteria ) and none of those are streamed. Every time I try anything web based, online Tetris excepted ;) it sucks one or the other way "Companies are running webapps on embedded devices now" - sure my router and some of my own private hardware have web interfaces. It is however just a tiny bit of their functionality. The rest leaves happily as native code. I think the way forward is to stop worry too much. Like you really gonna be worrying running "flight simulator". I think it is a FUD designed mostly to support big and cloudy providers. Those are the real entities one should worry about. They spy 24x7 . Why? I've had that clean painless install on Windows like forever. My installs are always a single executable that copies itself to a proper place, gets any data if needed from company website and when uninstalled leaves no trace on a system. Never touched registry. There is nothing here that calls for "starting from scratch" And by then you will have discovered that your software can not do this and that after being relegated to a lowest common denominator state. I would disagree I have used many. PowerBuilder is absolutely atrocious. Delphi is brilliant and there is a whole range in between. I do not mind creating GUI in code either for applications that work with GPU but would still prefer Delphi like environment, I do. Not necessarily because of dick space but because this bloat on applications with rather limited functionality usually comes with being memory hog, sluggishness and otherwise unpleasant experience. This question was asked numerous times on every bike/trainer related discussion board. They handle just fine. I have my carbon bike on a trainer like 5 years already every winter and part of spring I have this nasty feeling that for the scale mentioned the whole logic can be safely run on a single high performance server with the decent database. Those little servers around can either run on the same server or placed on separate server/s around the main one. All nice and simple and no distributed transaction problems. Maybe it is "incredibly expensive", can't argue with this. Have hot standby database servers then located elsewhere. Still way simpler Leave it alone. It is perfect. ;) LOL. I would just call it common sense. ;) I am curious how modern architects would approach the situation I really feel for those who fall victim of this huge companies that under various disguises trying to get full control of people's lives and business. I am lucky that so far I have managed to avoid all this walled garden madness. All of my products so far are either desktop based or browser based and servers are hosted on my own/rented hardware, no cloudy stuff. Other than paying for security certificates every now and then I have no interaction with the "authorities of the Internet" Frankly I do not understand why do people submit to this kind of stewardship To be fair they bring a boatloads of innovation. It is how said innovations are being used. As for "their day will come": so far I only see the opposite. That "your life as a service" pattern spreads like a cancer. Not sure why people are buying into it. "why everyone does not make their own souffles" - I am not only developer. I am also a customer. And I avoid those McDonalds of the Internet like a plague. Not always successful but mostly. I sure use FAANG where it is irreplaceable. As developer I use Azure, Github, etc for example for my consulting gigs where clients demand it. Also guilty using Amazon, Netflix personally. Network card that I buy from Amazon is not any different from the one I get in my local computer store. But I also have my own products. And for those you will not find any trace of FAANG in there. I just do not need their "added value" and them squeezing my you know what. Just to give you an idea: my so called smartphone has offline GPS program, cycling computer and obviously voice calls and camera. Texting is disabled and no data plan. Yes I do understand that I have more knowledge than many people (former scientist), still that ready submission to anything attitude that I see more and more is definitely different from something that I saw for example 20 years ago Agree with everything except the tests. Ususlly do not need those but id did happen couple of times when I wanted to be absolutely sure that the person can work in particular domain. Basically take it home and come back in a week or whenever you feel like. The test was the actual problem but greatly simplified and should not take more then a day to solve so the person gets paid for a day. If they go down that's be a big pita. Way too many unknowns to give meaningful advice. However unless you believe that you've developed a money printing machine you can do the following: Say you spent 1 year developing it. Say you believe your fair salary for that year is XXX pesos and you've also incurred YYY pesos in expenses. So calculate the final price as (3.14 * XXX + YYY * 2 ) and offer to sell at this price. Well, make it 2.98 instead. Comes from "take your estimate and multiply by Pi ;)" I think 1:3 ratio is about right. If you do not agree you are more then welcome to make your own number Ouch At the very first glance: what is wrong with function xxx() instead of fn xxx() what are we trying to save here? Also would be nice to do import instead of @import . More readable I think. Afraid to dig deeper as I do not have time to play with the languages that I can not yet use in production. I only noticed that after reading your reply. To me, unless one wears wolf skin it would not even register in my mind. I can't even fathom what would poor Quickbooks ever do without Apple "gently breaking stuff". I skipped Vista completely (except one machine I used to test my software with) and went to Win 7. Same thing with Win 8. Luckily for GUI apps I've had enough "wisdom" and am only using Win32. Delphi (another shining example of backwards compatibility and being TRUE RAD) has shielded me from writing too much code for functional GUIs. So I mostly work on improving functionality and feature set rather than chasing whatever latest tech/framework is in vogue at the moment. Most of them come and go. Especially in web development. Should they? Maybe it is not that pretty but it is functional. Many modern sites on the other hand show big nothing picture that one has to scroll down and hunt for info. And I love that light grey text on white background which is nigh to impossible to read for many not so young eyes. And since they have pretty specific product I am pretty sure that their customers do not give a flying hoot about how the site looks. They need specific functionality from the product "Mac users are trained to care." Wrong set of priorities I think. And how are they being "trained"? They go to special courses or they just listen to a big ads telling them what they should like? I am going multiplatform for my new GUI apps and I am actually considering game engines / rendering libs of which there are plenty. Depending on design and particular engine/rendering library used there could be no problems at all. If we are talking say business UI on top of GPU accelerated graphics lib (no heavy 3d assets stuffed in regular and GPU RAM) you could run multiple instances with no problems. Yup. Davinci is what we use for our VR video production part. I am not entirely sure what qualifies for being "competent C++ devs". My thinking goes that it is kinda hard to imagine competent developer in general (never mind C++) not having knowledge about async patterns. From what I understand there is no real "performance" in said test. Just a bunch of idle connections doing big nothing and eating all CPU time with garbage collection. Second that. In my life I did everything from programming in pure machine codes (big device control, data processing an presentation system) to modern firmware to desktop apps with multimedia and high performance graphics to back end enterprise grade middleware like business process servers, publish subscribe, NoSql, etc. etc, To me they were not that different in difficulty. Just different scope techniques and tooling. For example by concepts message passing part in that machine code system and large publish subscribe looked very close. Chrome free (except checking if my web stuff works) for over 3 month already I remember our salesmen back in 90's cobbling together some Visual Basic or whatever it was called. So where it is now? I would agree about "magic" parts. " impenetrable unreadable perl-esq garbage write-once-read-never code " - I had about the same impression when I first saw it. I think ternary operator is as far as I am willing to go ;) I know a company, they have a floor filled with developers who think that Python is the best thing since sliced bread and any other language is abomination Too bad you can not use it to write those libraries ;) I just made a note. I do not really give a flying hoot to what happens to Python. I only use it in places I do some consulting since they require it. I do not use it for my own products. People are walking into corporate traps left and right. Too bad. they should turn on their brains every once in a while. I was given iPad as a gift some years ago (they also gave a receipt). After playing with it for few hours and discovering that it does not let me do the thing I want I promptly returned it to the store for nice refund ;) " The Platonic ideal of OOP is a sea of decoupled objects that send stateless messages to one another. No one really makes software like that, and Brian points out that it doesn’t even make sense: objects need to know which other objects to send messages to, and that means they need to hold references to one another. Most of the video is about the pain that happens trying to couple objects for control flow, while pretending that they’re decoupled by design " What a bunch of baloney. My products ofetn live in this exact platonic world: class instances running in multiple threads send and receive asynchronous messages through internal pub/sub bus without knowing much about each other at all. All is working just fine, controlling devices, doing data processing, GPU accelerated display and whatnot. Has nothing to do with Erlang in particular I've written these in c/c++/object-pascal. Implemented my first reliable multicast, pub/sub and state machine engine back in the 90s when I could not afford TIBCO and the likes ;) Warning, since I've never written line of Rust code never mind working with Tokio I might be just full of it. If that's the case please forgive me ;) From a short glance my understanding of Tokio is that at high level it is an execution environment that basically implements data exchange protocols based on asynchronous io. Then they say the following: Tokio is built around futures. Futures aren’t a new idea, but the way Tokio uses them is unique. Unlike futures from other languages, Tokio’s futures compile down to a state machine So the question here is why not to expose generic state machine framework (FSM/HSM) which can deal with those protocols but is also very useful for many other tasks as well? Congrats to authors and good luck. Have a question. I do pay for few things (netflix, amazon prime and couple of others). Their services are natural candidate in my opinion for being billed monthly. Now everyone my cats included are trying to sell their wares however small they are as a service. If I've paid monthly fee for every notepad sized program I use I'd be out of commission. How does this business model manage to survive is puzzling to me. So, a protocol can be implemented as a FSM completely independently of Tokio / futures and then used from Tokio But that was the point of my question. Since you've already built that FSM framework inside, why not to expose it? Or I guess it might be too specialized for your particular case. If there IS A SERVICE. Releasing new version of software is not really service, Netflix is. If new version is compelling enough I'll upgrade, if not then it is vendor's problem. As a customer I could care less what suits better for Vendor. I am not paying $5-10 or even more/month 100 times. That is insanity. What's the problem asking experienced developer to learn F#? That is course assuming they do not refuse the work? I am seeing it all the time when consulting for companies. Their developers just love taking relatively small things and turning it into multilayered monster with insane amount of dependencies for code, development building pipelines and deployment. Your original point was about inability to recruit developers. That is why I asked. From my experience it was never a problem for seasoned developer to get a grip on new language barring few very exotic cases. I completely understand other factors in enterprise. The minute you stopped paying for service is the minute you loose it. With software updates you can still use the old software just fine. So, no I would not consider it a form of subscription. Lemme give you very particular example. I own old copy of DxO labs software for processing photos. It suits me just fine and works like a charm despite it being 4 years old. they keep sending me offers to upgrade to new version with new features at very attractive price. If one day the old one stops working for me for whatever reason I will upgrade then. But I have already saved tons of money on just this software alone never mind whole bunch of other titles that I bought. Being paranoid helps. My pipelines never pull images from the hub, I always store those locally. That's right. Update on on-need basis only. Do not fix what's working ;) For what you mentioned you might consider Sencha (assuming you want to pay as they're not exactly cheap). Here is the demo page with all their visual components: https://examples.sencha.com/extjs/7.0.0/examples/kitchensink... " Is it that you already know the languages they advertise are good, or that you don't want to know? " How about do not care option. There are many decent languages to choose from, some general, some targeting particular areas. They're just tools. With this transformation, microservice architectures have become the standard for building cloud native applications, and it is predicated that by 2022, 90% of new apps will feature microservice architectures Wet dreams and bunch of propaganda. I was gonna run this through bullshit detector but it choked and died halfway through I got another question. Why don't those prophets leave intelligent people alone and let them use whatever tooling/approach they find appropriate for solving particular problem instead of heating the air trying to propagate/force whatever ideology they carry. Some interesting things are there. As a laptop I have HP omen 15", i7 6 Cores, 32GB Ram, nVidia 1070 GPU and 2 SSDs (500GB and 1TB). I paid $1800 Canadian Pesos for it. Has Windows and Linux Mint on it. Works like a charm. I can only imagine what would Mac with the same power cost. Sure it is not as thin as Mac but what do I care. Al my laptops are gaming type. They can work properly without overheating/throttling " Like it or not, the closed ecosystem of iOS provides more value to end users " Is there any "official" proof for this statement? To me closed ecosystem of iOs (and semi closed Android for that matter) look truly pathetic comparatively to what I have on Windows/Linux desktop