Hey a game! Disclaimer: not a native english speaker, i might lack vocabulary and do some grammar mistakes. 1/ I have no idea of what a protected group is. A discriminated group however, depends on where you live. Erythreen jews in israel are discriminated against by the “dominant” group (white conservative isreali). Chinese suffer discrimination in some parts of India and Philipines, while people from Philipines suffer some in China (sorry, no idea how englsh call them). Past oppression is only relevant if some discrimination is done because of this (Hello Rwanda). Let’s take South Africa. Past oppression was relevant even after Nelson mandela because the culture was still related to the apparteid. This is less true today, so this is not as relevant now (my question: how did you not figure this on your own? Do you like asking leading question that much?) 2/Leading question, again, nice. None. But people in discriminated groups should have an easier time joining profession that brings power or visibility, so related to law (even if it is as paralegal), politics or television, or company management. Again with the S.A example, the culture changed because there were more and more black people in courthouses, politics and at the head of national companies. The fact that there is some racial inequalities there come from class inequalities (not the subject here) and not racism. 3/ What agenda? 4/ None. I don’t see your point there, it might be lost in translation. 5/ What? Why would you punish statement made at work? Except if there is a client (let’s say, the state want to buy your product, and you say “public worker are paid doing nothing” to his face, get ready to be fired or put in a closet). Is this a leading question? 6/ Victims are defined by law in my country, i don’t know about the us though. I’d define “offensive” a statement that i would not say out loud to all my friends or family. Like “i find that any theism is dumb as f…”, which i would never say to my grandmother, despite being my real feeling, is offensive. 3rd part is a leading question, but my response is that i do not care about you and you can tell whatever you want to anyone, but if you say the previous sentence to anyone and get called out, i would not help you 7/ I’m not advocating for anyone, but i can see (in my country anyway) that some people (obese people) have it worst than anybody in some places (hospital mainly). I defend them orally with my friends and on internet when i feel like it (not often in english though). Well, since i’m 20 i don’t really hang with anybody that would judge people for their looks (because its tiring /time-consumming to defend people i’m not related too for no reason but my personal ethic) but i did that. 8/ Do you know that apostasia is punishable by death in pakistan, but not in other countries (tunisia come to mind), and in some, nobody cares. So it depends on WHERE you live, obviously. Do you feel that in USA/UK, the way most of the people treated Cat Stevens/Yusuf Islam when he choose, after nearly dying twice, to change his religion, was justified/ subjectivly fair/fair isn’t the question? Where i lived, no one cared about this. So probably MORE protected if you live surrounded by dumb a-holes, about the same else. 8bis: Sorry about the passive-agressive subtitle there, i might have no personnality and just mimic the way of expression of the people i’m talking to. 9/ Well, you can see my response in 6/. Yes, there is studies that make correlation about IQ and how religious people feel, still, making any remark about that out loud (or on a forum where religious people gather, on a video about gregorian chant) is just rude. 10/ Depending on where you live, discriminated people are not the same, so i don’t really care. I spent entire vacations with my racist cousin, we had no problems. He is quite honest with his hate and while i disagree, i still quite like him. Honestly, most of those are leading question and i decided early to go away from people i perceive as manipulative, so i would never hang out with you anyway, but we could coexist just fine. 11/ No, i don’t care about the majority, i’m old enough to think on my own. 12/ Sorry, how does work safety come with guilt and social pressure? I think this is manipulation, but w/e. Guilt and social pressure are sadly two educational levers, that are used and abused with children in school quite often (and in dog training too). Using it against adult are less effective, but it still works for some reason. I do hate this way of doing things, but whne i was a youth camp consellor, i had to use social pressure to make activities run smoothly. I’m still feeling guilty about it. I disliked doing it because i feel this was dishonest, even if this was the easiest way to get thing started. Those questions being a bit dishonest, are you feeling a bit guilty about it or do you feel its fine being dishonest to try to convince people they are mistaken (or do you think those question where objectively honest and i’m mistaken)? It was an interesting game, thank you. Its not really a bad choice, but writing really good c++ is hard (sightly less with the newer versions, but still). You can use the same performance tricks that a C dev will use to make your code faster, plus a whole lot of new tricks, some doing exactly the same thing (but not the same way). This is not a problem if your team is used to work together and have a common codebase they already wrote together, for for OS project (like linux), its a bad idea. And in my opinion, writing optimized c++ code is waaaay harder than writing optimized C code (almost each time i had to optimize c++ code, it ended looking like c with classes and weird pointers)(Disclaimer: i'm bad with OOP, it might be just me). Anyway, Google is supposed to have good c++ devs, with experience coding together, so this is not a problem for them, i think. Another issue is that the compilation is slow compared to C, but i don't think its an issue for Google either. [edit] Yes, binary size can be a problem too, forgot about that. But if you only use basic libraries, i don't think your binary will grow that much, right? Disclaimer: while i'm not a physicist, i happen to date one working for plant security/contamination at Areva. The claim about 70k tons of nuclear waste being uranium is frankly misleading. The author have to be aware of this, so i will not expand the discussion (because it could give him credit), but please be aware that the main part of nuclear waste is contaminated equipement, so very much not uranium. In France, we consume several tons a year of screwdrivers hand hammers, and while our yucca montain equivalents are working, this is still a pain in the ass to get rid of this stuff. Maybe someone can explain how John Oliver is wrong, but please don't trust anything this guy write. i don't know much about nuclear waste, but if i am aware of this, there is no way a "specialist" is not. Yes, but most of nuclear waste is metal and plastics. Screwdriver and stuff. The guy that wrote the article either don't know anything about nuclear plants (well, less than me so almost nothing) or is misleading everybody on purpose. Either way, wait until someone reliable and knowledgable talk about this to forge an opinion, this is bullshit to me (and im a pro-nuclear guy) Elsevier taking "too much" money is incidental, and not the main problem in science right now. And this Scihub solution do solve this incidental issue and more, but this is a fraction of all the issues in science (i can't explain this very well in english, so i won't, but the eastern/western culture clash, ego war, bureaucraty, lack of good HR that lead to depressed/apathic scientist, and the publishing race are some other issues not solved yet). But this is not communism (i know lot of people in the US are confused by this, even the people that call themselve communist) but rather anarchism ("Libertaire" in french that is a left-wing libertarianism) with the idea that science is one of the common good. This new-wave anarchism take some old idea from Proudhon and enhance them. So you let behind the idea that private property is evil, but private property of the common is. You have the idea that people can't own what is used by other people. So you can have a hundred appartments in a big city, but you can't rent them. You can sell them, speculate on them, but you cannot rent them. And since it is anarchism, a more distributed/less powerfull government is needed too. On the point of "no private ownership of the common good", this seems like communism, yes (Communism come from anarchism somehow), but communism is the idea that the state have to regulate this, scihub is not on any level a state initiative. Sorry for the messy thoughts again, conversationnal english is a bit hard for me Well, he earn his life well enough, have a really decent and cheap healthcare, and free education for his kids, what need those millions would fill? Honestly, in any european country, winning around 60k per year (as an employee) or 100k (as a business owner), if you are not living in Paris or London, is enough to provide you a carefree life. You don't need to sell yourself for more. While its a false generalisation, most of modern philosophers specialized on morals/ethics whether they are utilitarists or not agree that excluding the intolerant (more like banning intolerant behavior) is beneficial for the "common good". From an utilitarist point of view, this isn't even a question: intolerant behavior leads to less people being happy (not even talking about hypotethical fights resulting of intolerance, just people feeling excluded), therefore it should be banned. But the abandonment of free speech by _private_ company, while worrisome, is very understandable. Internet and the SV made everyone more utilitarist. A lot of CEO (or website owner) think that way: it may not be very legal, but since it reduce cost and make more people happy than it make people unhappy, it should be fine. But from an utilitarist point of view, intolerance have a huge cost and create more unhappy people (not talking about violence, just people being the target of this intolerance) than happy people. Therefore, intolerant behavior should be stopped if there is some possibility. Now, of course this was a mistake, but this mistake is understandable. (I'm more of a negative utilitarist myself, but this work the same way) The thing : #1 was wrote by Popper, a rather known utilitarist (well, negative utilitarist: every action, instead of optimizing overall happiness, should aim to decrease overall pain). There is a lot of modern philosopher that agree with this as well. This is a catchphrase, it doesn't refer to what you read but to the reflexion behind (like "i think therefore i am" refer to cartesian doubt and that you can doubt of anything except the fact tht you exist). HS: The main issue with that, a sentence that resume an "essai" (don't have a clue about the english translation), is that people that do not know what philosophy really is. Let's be honest, if it is taught as well in the world than in France, almost nobody knows. So most people misunderstand what it really means, while some of the other use this knowledge to put people down. Even writing this, i'm pedantic, and i really don't want to be, so imagine someone who like feeling full of himself? And that way, more and ore people hate philosophy and philosopher, and get disinterested. (i wrote like a hundred lines about philosophers in French media, but i'm sure no one care so i will refrain...) Holy cow. Great job. Sadly i'm busy even on weekends atm, but i'm bookmarking this and i will try to contribute when i find some time. I don't really like facebook, but the two reactions (putting it down and putting it up again) were appropriate. The first one show that the algorithm do its job, the second show that a human factor still exist. However i agree with the poster: if facebook do not put a mean to reach out in the put-down email, this is a mistake that should be fixed. I'm not using facebook (not since they had this anti-adblock stuff), but if it is always the second item for everyone, it should be quite easy to hide with a small greasemonkey script (that you don't even have to code yourself, someone probably already did). For the first question: https://github.com/ProtonMail/WebClient For the second, it is unlikely, spying on third party app is not in the ToS of android, and if google (or any big tech company, really) is caught doing something not in the ToS, it will cause a PR shitstorm. I have a Proton Mail account since 2014, but i never really used it. I might give it a try again today. You can't search content. This is the main reason i had trouble switching to ProtonMail in 3 years. I think the reason for this silence is mostly because this already have been reported on HN. And if PC and indignation is used by some as a "see how much of a good person i am", this might not be the case for everyone, especially on HN. (first time reported here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15471570 ) I agree with you in your comment that point that these disguised insults against trump are inappropriate here (saying this more directly could have better effect imo). But please, you seems to be a good guy, do not fall into the Tribal trap, whether it is "i must defend m own even if i'm wrong" or "He has opinions from the opposite side, he must be wrong on everything else". The people this man hang out with AND this symbol he wore are enough evidences that he support, even if it is a little, Nazi ideology. Since nowaday, nazi ideology has several sides, xenophobic, antisemitic, racist ant anti-feminist (i might forgot some), he might agree on at least one, and if you're dead set on defending him you can say he is only xenophobic or something, and the other part of neonazism, he doesn't support, but are you really believing that he wore this to say "i'm anti-communist"? If he did, he must have been seriously misinformed (and anyone this out of touch, honestly, deserve to be kicked of of any job that require you to understand history). Please do not go tribal on Hn. Yeah, i'm not from america but i'd favor a theory similar to 9/11, it could have been stopped but incompetency and paperwork allowed this to happen, hence the non-disclosure. Incompetency explain this as well as conspiracy, and respect Hanlon's razor: "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity". harassment is not always sexual harassment. Now i think she read way to much into his emails but honestly, i would never work with a guy like this. Either he is "socially inapt" like other commenters said, either he is a very manipulative guy. Tis is NOT a case of sexual harassment. He might be unknowingly threatening (best case scenario, the one i believe), or downright manipulative, either way she do not want to work with him. He joined her on the project and she offered to give him 2 of the 3 tickets then he started his passive-agressive emails. I got those from people i worked with too, every time i just left the project (mainly because it was never mine). This type of passive-agressive behaviour exist very much in tech, mainly because this behaviour is related with self-entitlment and goes well with smug personnalities. I always found it funny that the word "libertaire" (french translation of libertarian), come from the word liberal with the word "proletaire", and is now used to qualify some members of the american far-right. It was used to criticise liberal anarchism (Proudhon) because it was not socialist/egalitarist enough, and later inspired Marx (who built his theory of communism with anarchist fundation). So people in US that call themselves "libertarian" could change their names to "communists cousins", really. Well, if we are talking about recent great medical advances, i think Spain and France are leading right now with the discovery of CRISPR. And i'm pretty happy about this, if it were discovered by an american pharmaceutical company, no other laboratory would have even heard of this before a patented product hit the market, and every research on the subject would be subject to a patent too. Not if poor people have to work double hours to be able to live decently. I won't go deep onto the working mother issues (single mother with two job or mother with 2 jobs and a father with one but doesn't do anything with the kids as it is a "woman job") or how people working more than 50 hours a week is a net loss in productivity and a costly public health issue, but these problems can be solved with high enough minimum wages or universal income. Reading Marx (or some explanation of his work from different point of view) is interesting. I think most of his critics do not apply to this world but he do have an interesting point of view and adding some of his ideas into your personal philosophy. I found really good critics of Marx from a rather liberal philosopher. I forgot his name, it was at my college library, but i'm pretty sure that if you are interested in philosophy and in economics theory you should read some of his work. Well, i installed an IRC (well, mattermost actually,a glorified IRC) where my friends and i can discuss and keep everyone updated on latest news on tech and games. Honestly it's better than facebook (we can send each other snippet of code) and no one have to change the default setting to receive mails only when something interesting happen. Well, i feel its moral for me to pay all my taxes, and even though i also give money to charity, i don't use this fact to reduce my taxes, because i feel a lot of people need this money way more than me. This is socialism. But i could choose to pay less taxes, and i don't. Honestly i'm pretty happy with socialism right now, i lived in the bottom 20% for 23 years and still got to go to the hospital to get surgery at 3 y/o, my little brother did not die from his appendicite and my mother breast cancer was detected before it spread too much. I never suffered from malnutrition and access to free education allowed me to get into the top 20% with no debts while attending social gathering and studying in other countries thanks to erasmus. I agree that i don't have the choice on what my taxes will be used for, and this is a problem, but the other choice is to count on charity? to pray that everybody will act like homo economicus and take rationnal decision on how to improve everybody well-being without being greedy and acting like children? Sicilian orphanage is what you get when "charity" is in charge. I'd rather pay taxes and have the state manage that tbh. Now if someday, everybody become smart and decent enough, i would totally agree with you to ditch socialism et start a liberal anarchy. You could use less spite and disdain for your comment i think. You probably already know that convincing yourself that your outgroup is dumb and unqualified is a tribal ego-boosting technique, but a reminder never hurt. Well i actually got more from the government that what i put in, but at this very moment, i certainly give more than what i get, and even with kids in the picture i'd still give more. And even when my overall contribution to my country will be highr than what my whole family got (and it will eventually happen), i'd still be happy to pay my taxes so that other kids can have the same chances i had. I believe in meritocratic society and i don't see how to achieve that without socialism and some taxes until everyone stop being petty, greedy and/or self-centered. Then we can all be libertarian. Finally i'm an utilitarist (well, a negative utilitarist following Popper's definition) so my moral values are not abstract. I wish people stop with this glyphosate in food. The traces we cand find aare in small quantities and even if you eat the same quantity of lead, you should still be fine. The issue with glyphosate is the volatility, the fact that it stay in the ground, it can be absorbed through the skin (hence bad for farmers and people living near farms) but at least in europe, the quantities you can ingest are too small to endanger you. The fact that the main arguments of anti-glyphosate is this flawed argument, lobbies can easely convince the legislators that this argument have non-scientific ground (obviously) and should be ignored. Irak war was also a political loss, and the "reconstruction" (almost alone, without inviting former iraki interest holder, like Total, or emerging country like Russia and/or China) was a moral, political and tactical mistake, and made the US loose a lot of cultural influence imo, at least in France and Germany. But i agree that the confirmation bias in the article is obvious. Then, as it was said in another HN comment, make ISP liable like facebook and twitter are. They have to detect and prevent DDoS from their customers, detect and prevent malware, as well as child pornography and stuff. If they want to look at what you're sending and receiving, they should be liable for it too. If a law allowed all post office to take a look into your personnal mail, they should at least uses this power to prevent criminal activities. We trust the website we give our information to. It is https-based (else my browser will tell me) and probably using an ORM that will 99% of the time hash my password. But the javascript layer... Sorry, call me paranoiac, but i will never trust the javascript of a website. With no webdev experience, i was able to inject js (almost by mistake) three years ago. Moreover, is the js communicating with the backend using https too? How can i check that? Are those js library on the website server, or are they hosted by a third party? I can trust them, but how do i know that no attacker was able to modify those scripts? Yes, those risks are small, but i'd rather have ublock making those risks closer tho 0 than not, am i wrong? I disagree. Some of my friend and me were able to implement by ourselves RB tree algorithms by the 18th day of our month-long formation, and only one of us knew how to write code before this (and we almost reached his level the day before, when we implemented linked list algorithms in C). After this formation, we were able to write a hashmap algorithm that handled collision in less than a day and a half. I honestly don't think we would have been able to do the same if the tools we were given during our formation were python, php or javascript. I don't think resolving the philosopher dinner problem in Go can teach you much. In C, it does. The biggest advantage C have is that you start from nothing, so you have to understand everything. I would not understand BTrees this well if i did not first understand linked list. And i think the thing that taught me the most about OOP was writing a raytracer in C. I don't think anyone should go with a language that allow him to do bad OOP. In my experience, this lead to poor code in the beginning, even when this person is one of the most brilliant you ever met. People that learned with C (Pascal too) piss more straightforward code on average, and have better debugging skills. And they are more "aware" of the computer. PS: I did go C, assembly (had to rewrite some libc functions) then emacs lisp (before trying to write stuff in Common Lisp). I don't think going assembly will help a webdev much (even if he work mostly on backend), but lisp is definitly helpfull for anyone. Assembly is great if you like having some fun, but beside CTF and "that one time" (i had a really nasty C bug), the stuff i learned while writing assembly were not really usefull to me. From what a saw, exceptionnal people aside, those who learned to code with a language favorising bad OOP (most OOP languages, maybe with the exception of Lisp) write nasty code. Especially when they work with a language like javascript, but even with c++ or Rust you can easely find abominations. Everybody should learn proper data structure before learning OOP. I don't like Go, but i'd much rather work with an intern who was first taught Go than any OOP language, even one i like. OOP is a great tool, but people that learned with it have the tendancy to use it poorly and everywhere, and to use abstractions of abstraction when this is not needed. Maybe for you, it was not an issue, because you were brilliant enough, but for average devs like myself, it is. True. Glyphosate opponent target the fact that everybody ingest glyphosate (and that's supposed to be bad). But the dose we ingest (at least in western europe) is too small to be really dangerous, and i think this arguent is a bad one. However, i am concerned about farmer and gardener using the product, as well as kids living near them. Most natural pesticide and herbicide show bad affect on young people brain developpement. I would be really surprised if a chemical, more potent one was harmless. copy the spreadsheet, modify some code because the need is sightly different (or the spreadsheet need adjustment) and voila. Either it works just fine on the first time, either you just begun a one hour debugging session. To me excel is just fine, except when its not. A French bank lost 6 billion ten years ago because one market maker made false entry on a spreadsheat and no one in the back office noticed for more than 2 years. And the back office was not at fault here. (At least php usage allied with miscondonct never made a bank lose 7.2 billions: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/01/30/socgen_hack/ ) I kinda understand what you mean, but i don't get why it is relevant in this conversation, do you mind being more explicit? It's the second time rape is evoqued in two days, so i'll add my personnal anecdote. Both my parents were social workers, my mother as a psychologist, my dad as youth camp director (Not a summer youth camp, more like a permanent youth camp that help children (6-15) with difficulties manage their homework, organize football/basketball tournament after school...)). This line of work made them befriend a huge variety of people, especially a prison counselor and a judge specialized in minor protection. Well, the discussions when they came home were "fun". One of those discussion was about a young man who raped a young girl. The judge said something like "it's the first time i felt guilt and compassion from a rapist". It was disturbing, so i asked her to tell me a little more than this, and she told me that at most, rapists regrets being caught, regret "not being able to control themselves" but she can never feel sentiment over the victim except jealousy. The prison counselor and my mother agreed, and my mother even said that the boy might be either a really good faker, either an extreme case. Later i learned that the boy had a schizophrenic episode and was send to a mental hospital rather than prison (as he should). I have nothing to conclude this, but i do think personnally than most rapist should be on watch after a prosecution, and should be really costly. I don't think they can reform, and the only way second crime to be safe from them is to take them out of the society (aka long prison time). It's bad for german power in the EU, but i don't think it's a tragedy for the EU. The UK paid more to the eu than what he got back, that's a fact, but the right to trade European currency is what made the City this powerfull (compared to Paris, Franckfurt, Zurich). I'm pretty sure the taxes on income from displaced trading centers will make up for the "loss" for EU budget. Also, the skill loss for EU is almost nil, while UK will lose europeen skilled workers (and those contribute a lot to GPD). No its not, UK leave reduce EU negociating power, and isn't good overall. On the other hand, EU does not lose a lot of specialized workers with UK leave, so it will have little impact on industries (maybe in biotech and in finance). A German leave, on the other hand, would destroy EU economy. Grandparent is right however, in France, most people see that as a good thing (i don't). Exactly. I have nothing against adwalls or paywall, i might even pay to read the article if the quality is here (hello wsj). But i choose what's going onto my browser/computer. Someone remember this time when Forbes put an anti-adblock wall, then distributed malware-infested ads to some of its users? This is the reason why i use noscript: i don't trust all third party websites. When forbes infested its clients thanks to a third-party ad network that distributed malwares[1], i was smiling with shadenfreude. Maybe i'm self-righteous, but since 2005, blocking ads is for me a way to protect my computer. [1] https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160111/05574633295/forbe... Project you can follow that link Unix comprehension, security and programming: -implementing malloc (C) -implementing nm and otools (C) (basics options only) -implementing a ftp server (a fork for each new connection) or a basic IRC-like server (maybe using ring buffers, and only non-blocking I/O if you want to write in C) -implementing ping then traceroute (in C obviously) (and nmap if you really want to push it). In security, do small and easy challenges, like nebula (less than a day if you already know your stuff, i'd think maybe ~3 if you don't) and protonstar (i already knew some of the exploits and it still took me 4 days). Don't do those challenges alone, find a friend to help you: a second brain can think of new solutions and allow you to explain what you want to do (and just by explaining you'll get closer to find why it doesn't work, or why it does). The other challenges are not worth it if you just want to get how basic security work imo. At my school we then had to program some stuff like ptrace or strace (i don't remember which), it's pretty helpfull too, and it help a lot understanding gdb. Ah, and prior to the challenges, we rewrote a small part of the libc (strlen, strlcat and stuff like this) in assembly, and it was pretty helpfull (decompilers are fine, but its easier if you know a bit about assembly, at least with protonstar). If you want to do it, chose like 5 easy functions then 5 function which might use rep string operations, and implement them, it'll take you ~2 days (most of those will be research and reflexion, and you can do that during classes, like most of the security stuff actually). I'll repeat myself, but if you're not crazy about security, i really advice you to work on this with a friend, security is boring when you're stuck (and really interesting when you're not) If you're convicted of pedophilia (or rape) in a country, you should not be allowed to be alone with kids (or women) in another (like Polanski in the western world, but other examples exist). Should you? But if you think that "passive" political action (i.e just being present at a rally, not being a speaker) outside a community should not have consequences inside the community, i think i agree with you (for now, i don't have put much thought into it, my opinion is not definitive). No, the way GDPR is written, the cost is null for most small startups in europe. And for the startups in need of personnal data, either the ammount of data that need protection is small (like a birth day field) and will need at most ~4 day (counting deployment) to be corrected, or they are working with state-related business (at least in France). Source: i'm currently paid to create ML and data analytic clusters for startups and to give some advices on regulation. I agree with you, but i can understand her point of view. Her coworkers are mostly male, so most of the braggart she talk to are probably male too, and this skew her view. This is not a skin color or gender issue, this is a cultural/civilisation issue. Most of the westerner tourists going to SE Asia are acting in a weird way, it doesn't matter if they are sexual tourists, backpackers or others. Respectfull, non-arrogant westerners are not that easy to find in SE Asia. This is unrelated but i think USA focus on gender and skin color for every subject is unhealthy. Yes, you have some issues related to those caracteristics, but you are forgetting about class and/or culture discrimination. the cost of GDPR is almost null for new startups. I provide infrastructure (and tech advice) for data analysts and data scientists (mainly, i also have DL and Blockchain projects) and only one project started last year needed more than a day worth of work, mainly because the infrastructure with both Hadoop and Elasticsearch was weird and the dev who put it together was gone. You're not wrong on electron: this tech allow devs to be lazy and we all know that when we are allowed to be lazy, most of the time we are. That said, electron can have a small fingerprint if the dev team is carefull/good enough, and is hte best option when your app have to be able to read HTML (and copy HTML formatted string). To me, an email client is a good way to use electron for an app. Even if this was true (and that depend on euroshield implementation), this is not the spirit of the law. You don't even have to take a european lawyer (and those are at least an order of magnitude cheaper than US ones) to win your case (i'm joking, please take a lawyer). European courts don't like bullshit, even when it come from big company, so if you're afraid of trolling (a la patent trolls), please don't be. Hopping into this. The GDPR ask just that: if you are using ad networks, you should ask your user to give his explicit consent for each network you are serving him. Note that if you are serving malware, you are responsible and can be fined, which is pretty fair, imo. This is practically GDPR. This is simply not true. i spoke two years ago with the CEO of a small publisher company (~3 employees). This company was focused on mobility, from train to skateboard, with cars being obviously the main focus. Affiliated links for small stuff like electric monocycles and/or sponsored tests for cars was enough to pay himself, his author, IT guy and tester. I'm pretty sure this is satyric, but it bother me that even on HN, i have to read this type of comment twice to understand the author. Do you have any experience with a Eu country internet regulatory service? I have experience with the CNIL (The french one), and they were helpfull and yes, good-natured. Part of our demand to be able to host data from hospital was drafted with their help, when they had no legal obligation to help us. A friend who work in a legal/tech startup also had good experience with them, and i don't know anybody who ever had a bad run with them. So if you have contradictory experience, please share them. Until then, i'll still take all this "GDPR will kill tech companies" articles from people who only experienced the US legal system as jokes. And if you are a small/medium business, don't comply and somehow are reported, you will receive an email from the regalutory instance of the country the person who reported you come from. They will tell you what is wrong and point you to some articles who can give you advices on how to comply. If you have difficulty to do so, you can contact them and ask specific advices, they will respond (probably a bit late) and as long as you comply with the RGPD within a month after that, you're good. Audit can take some time and have a real impact on your business though, so i'm not saying everything is perfect. But to me, audit is the only thing you have to be really afraid of, not fines. You know what? i'm pretty sure you can just talk to one of the european regulator in advance and ask him questions about points you don't understand. They are pretty slow but they do respond. Well, in europe, it work like this: (1)A random person complain to his regulator that you are not complying with GDPR. If he asked for his personal data, jump to (3) (2) His regulator contact you, tells you that wht you're doing is bad: you have some stuff in opt-out, not clicking "opt-in" cause a degradation of service, or you are sending him 3rd party cookies he did not accept. (3) Depending on the complexity and your ressources, you have X months to comply. (4) You got caught again, you are fined. Stop spreading FUD please. 1: fines are up to (4%? thought it was 2%) depending on the offense (i dont think even Cambridge analytica would qualify to max fine, even if they were a persistant offender). 2: Yes some terms are vague, some part are vague too (what is considered "big scale"...) but if you want to cry about a vague law that enable government to shut down businesses, look at FOSTA-SESTA. This law is also vague to allow european countries to tinker around. Moreover, a vague law is often in favor of the defendant on european courts (if a litigation is ever taken to european court), so this is an advantage for owners. 3. A warning will be issued before any fine, then some time would be given to comply. If complying is difficult, regulatory instances have to help you by giving you ideas/examples/advice. 4. In the case of a physical guestbook, i'm pretty sure the regulatory instances will just laugh at the demand and ignore it anyway. 5. We had a CNIL contact before the GDPR was even drafted (we host health data) and we store non-hashed IP address of our customers (for ip whitelisting), name, surname, email address and phone number. Everything seems good for him as long as our security audits every year are good. I'm pretty sure we hold more client data than almost every small to medium shop whose business is not selling customer data, yet members of regulatory instance say we are okay. This panic is ridiculous. And you are allowed to take it to the european court if you think the fine is bullshit. And if you don't already know, european court don't take bullshit very well. Anyway, all regulatory instances are working together (in a group named G29, imagination is not their strength) to draw guidelines for fines and warnings. They will also discuss together ongoing cases (to avoid multiple prosecutions i guess). If you are not trying to cheat data from your customers and if your security is up to date, you risk nothing. The company can't make business deal with europe. People owning the company are fine and can't visit with no fear of being annoyed by the police, the EU is not the US. Sorry, little digression here: It was probably in response to the Terror attacks, a stuff called "operation sentinelle"[0]. They still patrol near strategic points now and then, but you see them less often now. And while military training is not police training, there was some controversy and some generals said it was a huge mistake, as the money spend on this operation (~1M$) would have shown better effect if spent on intelligence. Also, to afford the men, military had to cut monthly training. A friend of mine said that physical exercise/conditionment was divided by 2, while tactical and shooting by 4, but he really hated this operation so take it with a grain of salt. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Op%C3%A9ration_Sentinelle if you don't deal with EU customers (like if you don't sell ads to EU advertisers), you don't have to. But since the answer is no, is this still a fallacy? Also, this is one of the sane solution if he know he has not that much user data. First fines will not be high or won't happen at all, and he will receive advice and even help from regulatory instances if he is ever reported. If every business owner commenting those GDPR post on HN could act the same and not like headless chicken, discussions would be more healthy. And if IP is the only PII you keep and if you destroy IP logs after let's say 6 month and write something about that in your TOS, you're good. And even if you're not, if hey contact you and are not happy with your way of handling data, they will warn you then offer solution. You can even self-report if you're not sure you handled the privacy well, and they will point you the stuff you have to work on (and give you month to do that). I Understand Americans are afraid of fine and lawsuits, but please don't be afraid. Read GDPR statement from regulatory instances, they are here to help business too. >hey will probably not be able to travel to the EU without fear of arrest, etc This is EU, not USA, Russia or China. At most his visa will be denied (and i'm not even sure immigration services will actually care) Not really, he said in substance: "America do this, EU will not". Using this example to somehow gain a moral high ground. You have two solution: 1: ignore GDPR, you'll probably fly under. And if you dont, fine are scaled for business and people affected, as well as privacy infraction. Encrypt your backups, encrypt PII if you can do it effortlessly, and you're good. If you are not using emails except for checking double inscription, encrypt them too, the entropy is low BUT this is better than nothing . 2: If you have some time and money to spend to try to improve your services: self-report. A public agent will point you the weakness of your data processing. The fact that it beat Stockfish9 is not what is impressive with AlphaZero. What was impressive was the way Stockfish9 was beaten. AlphaZero played like a human player, making sacrifices for position that stockfish thought were detrimental. When it played as white, the fact that is mostly started with the Queen pawn (despite that the King pawn is "best by test") and the way AlphaZero used Stockfish pawnstructure and tempo to basicaly remove a bishop from the game was magical. Yes, since its a game, it's "useless", but it allowed me (and i'm not the only one) to be a bit better at chess. It's not world hunger, not climate change, it's just a bit of distraction for some people. PS: I was part of the people thinking that Genetic algorithm+deep learning was not enough to emulate human logical capacities, AlphaZero vs Stockfish games made me admit i was wrong (even if i still think it only works inside well-defined environments) Yeah, but their other Science headlines are weird: - "Ancestor of all living birds survived asteroid strike because it couldn't fly" It's wrong, on so many levels, I don't know where i should start. And since it's the only science article on a subject i have knowledge on, i'm now wary of the other article, as i should be. Yes. An average developper with knowledge in C will. Honestly, around my 3rd year i created a lib containing a struct for strings (well, two, and a couple functions working with them) and i don't think i ever used an strX function again. I was pretty proud of the "string for already allocated buffer" part of this lib tbh. Anyway, i'll never take C for a four-hour coding challenge, but for bigger, non-web project, C is really awesome, thank to BLAS and to the fact that most languages implement mostly painless C ffi. BUT diversity as "diversity of background" is never tested against diversity as "diversity of races" on those group performance studies. I think it should, because i'm pretty sure that if your "culture" is the same as your coworkers (same neighborhood, same school, same type of family, faith etc...); skin differences, except if you are subject to negative stereotyping in the field you're working on, should amount to almost nothing. Free market and all this stuff. Also a similar "technique" (LBO to be exact) was used to break down a giant company into smaller companies, effectively shutting down monopolies at the expense of a small number of workers, often making big gain for investors. With the failure of RBR Nabisco LBO, investors think twice about this kind of venture nowaday. If Toys'R US failure could cost the investors a bulk of money, maybe this won't happen anymore with big business like this. Anyway, if you take part of venture like this, you better be the law firm or the executives, especially if your target is a big company. Oh, that's probably why i always have to go through those tests, reCAPTCHAv2 is not vimium-friendly. > Keyboard keystrokes get captured too but the systems are intelligent enough to filter out passwords and payment details. Citation needed. But i did not realize that before, so thank you very much for this information, i will desactivate js on every page with a password field from now on. "to big to fail" only apply to (big) companies that mainly use debt to finance themselves, and have no assets to sell if they ever "fail" and go bankrupt. Because debt owner then would go bankrupt, and if debt owners are also companies with a huge ratio debt/asset, they would then go bankrupt and so on. So banks. (NB: i may have misused financial terms as i am not a native speaker) It does not harm china that much: It's too late for IP on old products, China is becoming more and more interesting for european "brain" (or US is less interesting, i don't know), and China education have caught up to western education (at least in STEM) during the last decade. The tariffs attack the wrong goods: Us manufacturers will still be buying them at 25% up, and chinese and europeans will sell finished products lower than manufacturers. And China can actually outsource the finishing touch of unfinished products in SW Asia or (even better for almost everyone) in Africa. Honestly i don't really care but i am interested on how India/Indonesia (and some african countries i hope) will take advantages of Trump policies. To me this is a good thing for the world, general "comfort" of several countries could rise thank to Trump. I know it's frowned upon here, but i like several move he made, including this, and how he made european countries closer. > I'd say the closest thing we have in Europe would be found in France I don't know about other countries, but you're right, some Frenchmen want the government to fear them, because it's one way to keep the power in check. We also have a really strong executive power who kinda own legislative rights and have control over a tiny bit of the judiciary system, so it's understandable. I don't want to look like a linux advocate, i like mac UI better, but if you find gnome painfull (and you should), try cinnamon. It does not have searchable menu like asked in this article, but it has everything else, and i personnally find the interface lean and efficient on laptops (i still like mac UX better). England might have been lucky enough (blessed with rain and all). Southern France and Greece, not so much, and will probably never recover pre-roman empire forests. I was kinda skeptic about federation at first (mastodon, GNU.social etc), but i've installed and tested a nextcloud platform for one of my client and i've been really impressed so far. It's clunky, a bit bloated (for me, TUI > GUI for 90% of apps, so take it with a grain of salt) and have an average documentation (a pretty good documentation for a free software /s). But despite that, once installed successfully, it is better than most free cloud services i have used imo, except maybe gDrive (integration with email, android calendar and gSuite is hard to beat). If other federated services can see light, and if people start to care about it, internet will be a better place i think (sightly related: is lichess federated too? I know you can host a server yourself, but i'm not sure if it's true). No easely accessible guns make suicide harder (the success rate of pill or wrist cutting is way lower than the guns) and make passion crimes less deadly. Without accounting misfire and/or lost bullets, crimes are deadlier with a gun than with a knife. That said, i don't really care if you are having a gun in your car or at home, or even carrying one with you if you have sufficient training, it's just for the sake of the argument. You are probably right, with the same opportunities and power, women should cheat as much as men. But if it was the wife cheating in public, i'm pretty sure no one would have made a deal with her and her husband would have been warned within the hour. Women are not faultless, but those in power have to hide their faults and vulnerabilities harder than men. This is not what he said. He basically said that in many cases, some developpers pushed something like mongo, ES or cassandra in their project or even company when a small sqlite or an effective postgressql were much more appropriate. Specific databases solve specific problems. In my current company, for log storage and analysis, InfluxDB was our solution after testing both ES and postgress, but we did compare all the products, and we still do as we expand. In my previous company, the main database in the product was Zope. I agree that mongoDB may be better in some use case, but i strongly doubt that most company are running it because it's the most appropriate product. Yes, it is alarmist. But england did not train ANY new border&custom agent in case of a hard brexit, unlike Ireland and Netherland (and France already have some somehow). The renewment of the Touquet deal still isn't done, and France could very well say "no deal mean no deal" in case of a hard brexit, or ask for even more money to act as England border patrol. Spanish government don't care for Gibraltar, so transfering daily necessity (food and meds) will probably become more expensive (you can't say "no" to american military bases in Europe, but UK ones don't carry the same weight). Anyway, hard Brexit will be hard on UK, but it will be hard for EU too. But it will be worse politicaly if EU look weak in front of UK, so either UK cave, either we're in for a loose/loose more game. async IRC with ring buffers was one of my last school C project. It was really interesting and straightforward, and despite its "obviousness", it still made me understand better some C and unix key principles. I think it's a great idea for discovering a new language. _Frankly, I'm not sure you know what you're talking about. Before the web was popularized, designing a layout meant a using a simple layout tool. Now it's a stack that is at least HTML, CSS and JS, and often more. We're doing more, to be sure, but you can't honestly claim, without a deep ignorance of the past, that it's easier or more inclusive._ Maybe developing web application is harder now (and i may disagree, react and node are really an improvement compared to 2013 SenchaJS imho). Also, CMS now exist for minimal programming. But you're looking application-wise, not tooling-wise: - Javascript is safer and easier to use with the last ES iteration (ore maybe it's just me, but my last pet project was really easy to complete with the new javascript). - OpenBLAS now exist, and libraries were written around this fantastic piece of software. Compare a jupyter notebook to matlab, and appreciate how easy it is to do math on a computer now (and i had to use matlab in college for my math bachelor degree, so i KNOW it is less complex for young mathematicians right now) - I've wrote stuff in C89 (gcc option, for school related work). Then i was allowed so use C99 (still for school). C99 was easier to write and to optimize. Also, my current collegues were using C in the early 90s, and for them debugging was a pain, while to me, C is one of the easiest language to debug thank to gdb (using the TUI or not). - Sytem building automatisation is easier (not painless yet, but easier). You can argue it's more complex, but automated stuff i always more complex than manual (but faster too). And in the 90s, system automation was Perl job. I like Perl, but let's agree ansible is less complex. - System monitoring is easier now too. And i'm a relatively young programmer, with 2 languages i'm comfortable using for professional work (3 with bash, 4 with ansible, if it count). I'm pretty sure experienced programmers who can use other stuff than C and python have plenty of other experiences. Also, consider compiling your own kernel, writing your own filesystem and/or paquet manager. Would you rather do it in 2018 or in the early 00's? It is a second year project in my school. Second year. It use to be a master degree assessment in college. Tools are easier to use, and information easier to get. Don't do this in France. It's considered "polite" to arrive ~30minute late if you're invited, however, if you arrive early, you will be asked to help while the host/hostess take his/her last minute shower. I don't mind and i like being early, because the most meaningfull discussion are made there, but non-Latin foreigners can have some troubles to adjust. Do america's teacher wage depends on the child result to a standardized test? It's actually a clever plan. They will destroy ecosystems on the way so its not _perfect_, but it's feasible and will likely work if they fuccessfully find the right kind of tree to start the forest. Greenland is doing it too[1], with a lot of setbacks, but they are starting to recover (albeit slowly) [1] https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/20/climate/icela... > Um the dependency hell is not something I have seen in Windows, but quiet often in Linux. You never had to install 2 different version of php with IIS. My worst internship by far, it took us almost 3 week to get my workstation to work, and my coworkers were windows powerusers. I'd rather spend multiple times 10 minutes to resolve dependency hell than spend again 3*40 hours doing the same thing, just with no understnding of what i'm doing. Which IQ test? IQ as a number alone mean nothing, as you can't make a standardized test for it. And IQ number is a comparison (you calculate the standard deviation). Also, even in clinical tests, multiple scales can be used, and this mesure evolve. And there is no "single number", multple subjects are tested, and now we have another limitation: those tests don't mesure everything, or mesure thing that can evolve. I "scored" 123 on the weshler when i was 8 (or 9) with a really bad spatial visualisation score of 90 (89?). Since i'm now able to play blindchess or to chart a course on a marine map, either my spatial visualisation skills have improved, either people i know hide a lot. And i'm sure i would score way less on the other subjects too, looking back i was a pretty interesting kid, while now i'm an average adult. I'm not saying it's useless, but to me it is way overvaluated by some people. Maybe you can approximate intelligence with an IQ test, but the number itself is meaningless imho. The classification can be used though. I'm not sure about this, but i have no study, only anecdot. I scored 123 at 8 or 9 on the weshler test, and 90 on the spatial visualization part. (that mean that around 60% of the european population was better than me at spatial visualization when i was a kid). However, i'm able to play blindchess and chart a course since i'm a teen, i was probably one of the best at understanding geometry/vectors in highschool and the only math course i wasn't bad at in college were topology and n-dimmension vectorized spaces. If i "blundered" the IQ test, i'm not aware of it (i know i wasn't very cooperative, but still). Maybe i misundertand what spatial vizualisation mean, but i don't think so. Oh and also one part of the test was general knowledge, and i don't believe it can't be trained (like the puzzles/tangrams, symbol recognition or verbal expression tests). If you're right, then it's reassuring for me since i feel like i'm more dumb on multiple subject than when i was a kid. I know it's a hobby, but my favourite youtube Chess teacher is GM Ben Finegold. Yeah, and an imperial pint is half a liter, whereas the us pint is somethin like 0.46 liter if i remember correctly. Somehow, in France, "Pinte" is still used for beer, "livre" (pound) was still used recently in cook books for butter, and we still use some weird non-metrics mesurment like "corde" for raw wood. I remember my philosophy teacher saying to the class that we can make 3 hypothesis: - Technology can advance until we can make simulation undicernable from reality: in this case, we are likely to live in this simulation - Any civilisation comming close to the previous point is likely to already have destroyed itself. In this case, living in a similation is unlikely, - Technology can't advance to this point in our universe. Living in a simulation is impossible. On of these proposition is true, but we are unable to know which one. So we have to put an equal weight on those, and the probability that we live in a simulation is 1/3. Sadly (or hopefully), Church-Turing conjecture is somehow backing the 3rd theory too, and i'll by anything coming from Turing. Windows10 did a good job right now from what i've seen, but the first time i went back on windows after a year of code on linux/mac with a friend high on tuning your tools and workstations to your needs, it never really felt "good". Granted, i had to use netbeans and this was on 7 (or 8), but when you're used to the tools and you understand the system (not system as in OS, but how everything work, where to look if you have issues etc), it's really hard to switch. On the other hand, those 6 month using windows made me really respect windows sysadmins. Be carefull though, even though it's not chemecally addictive (at least the 2 people around me who used to smoke everyday successfully stopped within a two-week period without difficulties), there are some unknowns around cannabis effect when mixed with tobbacco. If you're already at risk for heart issues (genetics, overweight, male, black), you'll want to slow down consomption (cake, pure pot seems to be still okay). Also, like psychotrops or anything that numb your sensations or slow your brain (alcool, keta, fenta), it might have an effect on developing brains, so don't take too much until you're 24-25. Again, studies are pending (the war on drugs really killed of research at some point). That said, it is a valid brainhack for anxious people from my experience.