It's a step forward for RepRap...but to be cruel, this is like your disabled child learning to use a spoon at age 6. I love the project a lot; I was friends with one of the founders ~15 years ago, until we got separated by geography. He had an amazing hack/DIY ethic then, and clearly still does - I'm very impressed with what he's achieved. But as you can see from the RepRap homepage, funding comes from donations, t-shirts and kit sales. Ideologically pure DIY is laudable but we've all seen software projects that were a triumph of individual achievement and a true labor of love, but where v1.0 finally landed with an interface that was >5 years out of date. The problem at bottom is that RepRap can't do things on a very fine scale, and you can't build a new RepRap from an existing one - you can make bits, but not the motors or the extruder, which are exactly the (relatively) expensive and hard-to-source parts in shortest supply in places like Africa. Given the increasing quality and affordability of commercial RP and 3d printing machines, it might make a lot more sense to raise a few hundred k or a few million in capital, buy the good commercial stuff, and skip several generations, just as the OLPC was (presumably) designed on the most up-to-date computers available, rather than being bootstrapped on 8086 machines for reasons of ideological purity. Reprap is a great venture, but it's never going to get there by itself, and the founders are never going to dirty themselves asking for a big check in exchange for any kind of commercial license. It's held back by it's 'techno-Amish' origins. Or in short, their lack of interest in scaling up limits the hardware's ability to scale down. I talk too much. I am now :-) and I think their emphasis on low cost and general utility (as opposed to self-reproducibility) will net them more users and $. I've also been following the Desktop Factory, who promise 3 desktop printing for $5k: http://www.desktopfactory.com/ Still vaporware commercially speaking, but ti doesn't hurt that they look a Real Company. I hope I don't sound too down on the RepRap or on you for posting it. I've got a classic case of the 'introverted total DIY = unfinished project' myself. Right back to the days of MS-DOS, every other OS version from Redmond seemed to garner contempt, only for the complainers to be mollified by the version that came after (and claim credit a la 'finally Microsoft has listened to what people like me have been saying since the release of FU-DOS 4.0...'). Vista hasn't been a failure for MS, just not an obvious success. 'Failure' brings to mind things like OS/2. For >20 years now, I've just been in the habit of preferring the odd-numbered versions, and assuming that the even-numbered versions were meant as incubators for the next major shift (most recently, from 32 to 64 bit computing). At first I thought this was due to ham-handedness at MS, but nowadays I wonder if it isn't the actual strategy - the pattern has repeated so many times now, perhaps it's because it actually works for MS. Notice how aggressive advertising on Vista's behalf only began last year as W7 was going into beta. Thus, I predict that Windows 8 will require a minimum of 2 cores, 16gb of RAM and a 1gb Graphics card, leverage virtualization technology for application switching and be decried as a hugely inefficient and pointless attempt to recycle server solutions onto the desktop for no good reason. When Windows 9 emerges, there will be many headlines of the 'Microsoft desperately needs to recover from the disaster that was Windows 8...' variety. I'm not so sure about that. In California (and in several other places I've lived) the odds of winning are written out on the back of the ticket. Sure, a lot of people believe in not-systems like studying past numbers or drawing numbers from their dreams or casting spells; but deep down I think most people understand 'odds of winning = 1 in 57 million'. Lottery addicts certainly can't do math since they waste a lot of money on tickets. But a good many other people just buy one a week or just occasionally, eg when there's a particularly large jackpot on offer. This isn't so irrational; a regular player will make a few bucks back over the year on small prizes, and the risk/reward ratio improves for a big jackpot even though the odds don't. It's worth recalling that while the odds on any individual ticket are awful, enough people are playing that people do win big prizes on a semi-regular basis. For small-spend players who can afford it, and may think of it as semi-charitable given the uses to which lottery profits are put, is it really any more irrational than certain kinds of insurance? Easy. You already had that knowledge and just didn't apply it, for one reason or another. You know when something is cool in your chosen field(s). If you're a geek, that means when you first encountered a modem, IP, Linux or Google, depending on your age. As Pirsig - or rather, his muse - says in 'Zen & the art of motorcycle maintenance': Quality is what you like. Everyone has in-depth knowledge of something , even stupid people; so when the 'woah, cool ' reaction takes place it's just a matter of relating it back to your area of knowledge and the significance thereof (obviously, if your specialty is knitting, carbon-fiber knitting needles probably won't make the front page...but then, there are a lot of knitters out there....what do I know?). You can, and do, sense the potential easily. It's the 10% inspiration. The reason most people, myself included, don't capitalize on things like this is because they are unable or unwilling to commit the money or time. Kinda like romance, you know pretty fast whether you'd like to sleep with someone, but committing to seeing them daily requires a decision, and many of us are nervous of risking the money or time involved; indeed, nervous in proportion to our ability to be carried away on a wave on enthusiasm. In this case, I recommend setting a limit of time and/or money to invest, and a cutoff date by which you'll give up if it turns out to suck. Yes, amateur programmers will soon run up against the limits of their knowledge; a few will go pro, others will give up. But the most important outcome will be from non-programmers and non-designers coming up with paradigm-busting ideas, which will look like crap at first but turn out to be important later. It's a perennial issue, but not a very important one. Fears that 'I'll be left behind if I don't take xxxxx because everyone else is' are overblown, and balanced by fears of 'I'm only productive because I take cocaine, maybe I actually suck' or whatever. I've always liked recreational drugs, and a little boost at a critical moment can enhance work; but since one's body quickly develops a tolerance it's not compatible with any long-term work consumption (as many have found to their cost). Many (most?) articles about drugs posit some kind of linear relationship between the input and output, whereas the reality is nonlinear dynamic system with a complex feedback loop. Thus, I love a big mug of coffee every morning, but it's not so much that it makes me super-productive as I get a bit slow and crabby on the days when I skip my coffee. It doesn't give me any edge over a non-coffee drinker. On the other hand I don't get a caffeine hangover or crash, which would be a risk with a more potent drug if I took it regularly. Anyway...the article assumes there's only one kind of enhancement. A good scientist or engineer is just as likely to have a brekthrough idea while decompressing on the weekend with a beer or a fattie, as when sitting at their work station. Same reason many people get their best ideas while walking, soaking in the tub, or whatever. A foolish article - why the graphic about browser wars, when the real comparison is between Office Enterprise and things like Google Docs (who will surely be competing against Oracle + Sun now)? Yes, the OS is less relevant now as many users don't need more computing power than a netbook + SAS can provide, but it still matters. High-powered consoles won't kill PC games, I doubt I'll be editing HD video over the net any time soon (although I wouldn't object), and no large corporation or medium is going to outsource its operations to some third-party provider of cloud services. Just because something is commoditized doesn't make it irrelevant. Cars are functionally identical for 90% of drivers but people still have preferences there. There are similar devices and ideas, aggregated here: http://www.patentstorm.us/patents/6670894.html Personally, I don't see much hope for something that requires you to maintain a mental picture of a qwerty keyboard while you type. I do about 85 wpm with 10 fingers but when I try to type on the surface of my desk I just get lost, even looking right at my keyboard 3 inches away from my fingers. Bosh. the cost of the settlement was relatively paltry. Microsoft could throw a budget of 10 times the amount at it if Bill Gates woke up with a bee in his bonnet tomorrow. sounds like Freud's temporary conviction that cocaine was the key to liberating man from his natural limitations. What goes around comes around...I guess writers like these articles, because we're always on the cusp a social change, and there will always be new people trying drugs for the first time and getting some positive benefits. tl;dr; 'intellectuals get high like everyone else - film at 11'. I wish PG Wodehouse's estate would put this lame trdemark out of its misery. Ask.com has no discernible reason to go on living: I predict they'll get asset stripped when the economy turns, assuming their server hardware is worth selling off. Let's perform a little experiment... Search the web for 'why is ask better than google' » Result #1 Is Ask.com Better Than Google? Like you, I've been watching what looks to be a very powerful campaign by Ask.com quoting a bunch of folks I know as saying that its search engine is better than Google's. I'm a big Google user and have developed a set of skills that allows... http://www.technewsworld.com/story/commentary/53184.htm.. . Result #2 Why is google better than ask jeeves? From: Recommended Search Engines UC Berkeley - Teaching Library Internet Workshops Google alone not always sufficient, however. Less than half the searchable Web is fully searchable in Google. Overlap studies show that more than 80% of the ... http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080311053.. . Result #3...oh wait, that's it. Hmmm. That would be interesting, for sure. I like some of the design tools found in ps3 games - and yet again, I wonder why game consoles aren't made more expandable. I'm sure it would transcode video faster than my PC, though I've been disappointed at the scanty amount of code produced for Linux on PS3. I thought there'd be a much more robust hobby scene around it by now, but Sony's decision to wall off the GPU alienated a lot of people. I have to admit that articles like the above make me feel somewhat better about my failure to accumulate any significant financial assets over the last 20 years. Not having enough salted away is somewhat worrying, but if I'd watched it evaporate I'd be going long on assault rifles right now. I say no. even the intense technophobia of man like the Unabomber indirectly generated a level of economic activity that would have astonished people of a pre-technological society, and when he issued his manifesto the Internet was using training wheels compared to today. I don't have direct experience, but on the purely practical level: a. you could do worse than learn to use sketchup. I can't tell from your description how complex or mechanical your 'thing' is. If it's beyond your capabilities, advertise for someone to do it, but have them sign a 'work for hire' agreement which includes a rigid confidentiality clause. b. it's hard to say because I can't tell whether it's a widget (handy-shaped thing) or a gadget (handy single-function machine). If the former, look into Rapid prototyping and/or 3d printing. If the latter, research similar products, find out what class they are described as, then investigate manufacturers in China.* * Who will probably ignore your confidentiality clause, foolish roundeye. I'm sorry this is so hand-waving, but I honestly don't know whether you're making a plastic resistor drawer or a self-regulating soldering iron. It might be worth advertising for an electronic engineer to do some consulting, executing the above-mentioned work-for-hire agreement, and asking them to evaluate the functionality of your prototype. Best of luck. It sounds like great fun until your rapid transit pod plunges into a bath of superheated magma. Vomitous fellow passengers would not be my primary anxiety about this mode of travel. I have chronic case of ADHD (medically diagnosed) although I am not currently taking any drugs for it. Good habits help as do good tools (Gmail has literally lowered my blood pressure), but the most important aids are an understanding but challenging partner and/or employer. I don't think of it as a disorder but as a condition, neither good nor bad; I'm lucky enough to have a high IQ that allows me to exploit the upside and try not to use the downsides as an excuse for inactivity. Good second link. I have nothing bad to say about Dr. Hoffman's 'problem child'. Excellent points - wish I could vote it up twice. Ultimately there is an economy of trust, and most people are poor economists. I share your regard for Gracian, despite being lamentably bad at such calculus. The best advice I ever received is to associate with successful people (however you define success) and be helpful when given the opportunity. Owning your failures is always more satisfying than trying to assign them to someone else; sharing credit for your success is always more attractive than trying to hoard it. This kind of wealth is independent of your bank balance. apparently those where nicotine consumption is socially acceptable are winning Nicotine consumption is at least as acceptable in poor or slowly developing countries as in well-developed ones. Lots of people smoke in Egypt, Greece, and France, but none of those countries is a trailblazing economy. France has many virtues, but is arguably excessively paternalistic. Sure, you do have a point. I just had a cigarette, so I am in no position to argue :-) That said, at 38 I'm painfully aware of the deleterious effects of smoking for the last 2 decades and unable to be flippant about this. On a broader level, it's worth considering that something like 40-50% of tobacco sales in the US are made to mentally ill people, who find chemical relief therein, but aren't necessarily better off from doing so. One might, with equal or greater historical basis, argue for the success of tea-drinking societies. Or marijuana. The bottom line is that the most productive people in society will find ways to leverage productivity out of drugs as much as anything else, while the least productive will substitute the feeling for the practice. Twitter seems to me to have much more in common with IRC than Facebook or Myspace; the primary difference is the persistence of identity across the system. Sorry, I meant in social terms, rather than the technical or business model. The way I see people using Twitter reminds me of the social dynamics on IRC, just on a much larger scale. Well, I do feel it's a bad thing. Cigarettes are so far down the scale of drug delivery methods that I feel we have an obligation to do better. Surely something similar to an asthma inhaler that delivered a hit of nicotine or similar would not be too expensive to develop, and could provide mental relief without the same physical costs. Obviously, I have a chip on my shoulder about these issues; you're not wrong, I'd just like see a better ange of therapeutic options. Fonts are very different from stock images. They provide texture, not content: nobody goes to a web page to read 'Lorem Ipsum' written in an attractive font. I'd say a font is similar to the film stock on which a photo is shot. There are lots of cool and distinctive film stocks out there...but Kodak doesn't collect any royalties on the tasty silver halide look of an Ansel Adams photo. There are a lot of things you could do with it besides games. Math, other kinds of data visualization, and so on. even on games, not all games re performance oriented; 2nd Life looks stupid but a lot of people like it. I wouldn't be surprised to see Google's failed attempt to copy it revived soon. Interesting. It seems to have got stalled in the gray area between the right to sell cigarettes as a commodity and the argument to have tobacco regulated by the FDA: http://articles.latimes.com/2005/oct/30/business/fi-chrysali... If only more people would reply inline! It's the one huge downside of graphic email, most people never acquired the habit of line quote/answer. I find it incredibly rude to get a 200k email where I have to keep scrolling up and down to older stuff to see what's being referred to, when inline quoting would be so much more efficient. the worst demographic are older (>35) users who came to email late. Younger people are more succinct and early adopters of email are still efficient. Oh well, get off my lawn. This is interesting to me since he's my mayor. Of course both in Ca in general and SF in particular, the main candidates have been known for months, the announcement i just a formality. It's notable how strong a statement the selection of Twitter makes, though. Marshall McLuhan rides again! Um, around town? I don't know if this would cope with the hills of San Francisco, but the reason I don't own a car is that I rarely go past the city limit. Of course this is useless if you live in the country or some sleeper town where you face a long commute to work. Fine, it's not aimed at those markets, any more than city dwellers are the prime market for full-size pickup trucks. Sheesh - they even call it a ' neighborhood electric vehicle'. I do think the graphic design of the thing is sheer genius. If the price is right and things are sufficiently maneuverable, then great. Not so smart, however, was choosing the same name as a poorly-perceived grocery delivery service: http://www.peapod.com/ It's not worth $39, certainly not $49. I haven't even used it, just looked at your web page: but I have a strong professional background in this area, so I know what it does. There are many shareware programs which do this, and others are free: this goes double for plugins, and there's a better than-even chance that a musician who likes computers already has some kind of multitrack software which accomodates plugins. They likely also have a hardware audio interface with a special low-impedance input for plugging in a guitar and got equivalent software for free. So that's black mark #1 - you're not offering much new functionality. Black mark #2 is your interface. It is beautifully clean, I applaud that. However, while an audio waveform is wonderful for engineers, it's not so much for musicians. It might be better to generate a low-resolution spectral display, by applying (say) a 256-band FFT which won't cause any computer to break a sweat but would give a more musically meaningful presentation, and set you apart from the competition. As you have already implemented pitch-independent time stretching, you probably know how to do this. Personally, I would not waste so much space on the album art either, but that's me. I'd like to see you add some more features, which wouldn't break your interface. While decomposing a a piece of music into polyphonic pitch information is hard (see http://www.celemony.com/cms/index.php?id=635 for the technology leader), deriving the 8key* of the music from a relatively coarse FFT analysis is not so difficult. Having the key signature, and indeed the bpm, appear on the left side or over blocks in the audio display should be easily achievable and would add a lot of value. Another thing you could do is offer a button to extract or remove the top (usually vocal) melody line. This is easy: take a stereo file, invert one channel, and add it to the other. this will give you a (mono) karaoke track, since the vocals are almost always panned to the center. You'll lose the kick drums and bass too, but you could limit to the bandwidth of the human voice. Invert and add the karaoke channel to both sides of the stereo waveform, and you'll get only the center, allowing the musician to either copy or accompany the lead vocal and not much else. There's nothing more complex than a multiply-add operation going on here ((waveform.position.leftchannel.samplevalue * -1) + waveform.position.rightchannel.samplevalue ...etc.) so you should be able to do this in realtime with virtually no performance hit. Finally, consider taking the live stream of input from the microphone input (eg the guitar), FFting it, and doing a loose correlation with the FFT of the playing track to derive a little 'accuracy' meter. Of course there will be much more audio information in the track unless it's also an acoustic guitar solo, but the frequency response of the live input should be a subset of this as long as the musician is playing in time. When they start to drag or lead the backing track, the energy of individual frequency bins will exceed those of the backing track. Sorry for being so harsh, but I do think you're asking too much for something that most people will perceive as little more than a 'hello world' audio program. If I were you I would protoype the functionality in reaktor or some other visual-programming tool, add some more useful and unusual modes of display or operation as above, and then bring that back to your clean interface. Capo is selling to a market that includes folks who (and I'm included) would easily throw an extra $100 into a guitar because it has a nice rosewood back & sides versus mahogany. Yes...but the guitar will be seen/heard on stage. People will generally spend a lot more on their t-shirt than on their underpants or socks. Nobody with an interest in musical performance wants to advertise the tedium or difficulties of musical practice, so because that part isn't glamorous. So don't base your price point on appealing to the musician's ego about investing in themselves. Motorola used to do devkits for their 56k series that featured USB or RS232 connections to a box containing the DSP and a pair of audio i/o jacks with average DACs. This plus a front-end DSP environment like http://synthmaker.co.uk/ would sell like hot cakes. Update to this now please: http://www.ece.ucdavis.edu/vcl/asap/asap_demo_boards.html Agreed, a lot depends on the price. However, you can't take a 50cc scooter on the freeway. If the price/TCO is right, I could see these selling as fleet vehicles for, say, mail delivery. Those little 'smart cars' from Mercedes and others seem to be doing OK. I don't own a car, so to me a car fit for a road trip and a little runaround-town vehicle are two completely different products. I'd rather own the latter and rent the former once or twice a year. edit: the proposed $20k isn't a winner, though. I think this kind of vehicle needs to be shooting for $5-7,500. Well, you're right to feel proud. It's a fine and refreshingly hype-light product. The only change I'd like to see is a simple application included that takes a common 3d file format (blender, pov or something) and spits out a rendered bitmap. Instead of waiting for developers to add Caustic support to their 3d apps over the summer, this would allow a 3d artist to start saving time tomorrow, even knowing that that it wasn't optimized. The little app displayed in the video demo would be more than sufficient, it just doesn't seem from the website like it comes with any ready-to-use tools for the non-programmer. Nokia says they're not aware of any software vulnerability, and I believe them. But if some essential information is transmitted in clear and can be read out or blocked via a small hack to the phone's PCB, then it would be a hardware vulnerability, no? People like hard-modding old digital synthesizers, and a phone is just another kind of DSP device. You're going to have hard time cruising at 100 mph if everyone around you is doing 50. And to stick with the road metaphor, while you could go find some isolated piece of highway and scream down it at maximum speed, you won't necessarily find many people interested in following you (or in academic terms, appreciating your result). Perhaps having a high IQ slows down some kinds of learning because the holder tends to discount advice that is not presented in an intellectually compelling fashion. Telling a high-IQ child to behave a certain way 'because I said so' isn't terribly convincing. Even though the advice itself may be valuable, an inability to articulate why will hinder its delivery. Or the old question, if you're so smart, how come you ain't rich? Smarts often don't correlate with savvy (or IQ != EQ or however you want to express it). I'd happily trade some of the former for more of the latter. For reason and other, I've never been able to exploit my IQ to the extent that I'd like. From an evolutionary POV, the number of past sexual partners is the number of women who 'voted' you to have mating potential. Women grant more weight to other women's evaluation of you than they do to what you think about yourself. 'Strue. I do get frustrated with the registry model, although I've gotten good at dealing with it. On the other hand, custom GUIs help to improve Linux penetration, since many people are intimidated the command line or configuration file editing. I like Win and Linux, Mac seems to me to combine the worst of both. Sure, it's personal. Application compatibility matters, Linux lags badly on video & audio editing tools. When I first ran Linux around 1993, what really annoyed me were Emacs & vi. Sure, they're powerful, but extremely alienating to new users. DOS had Edit, or Windows 3 had Notepad. Ubuntu and like distros succeed because most people just want to drive without learning how to be a mechanic. Linux's biggest problem is people's perception that there's no 'standard' distribution and that they're going to have do an awful lot of icky maintenance. That's who all those 'Hi! I'm a Mac' commercials are aimed at, I guess. Those who are suffering in ignorance are not power-users-in-waiting. There is no such thing as 'sound money'. Being on a gold standard is not a panacea: you're just exchanging one kind of debt marker for another. The US was on the gold standard in 1929 and other countries were on it much later. Booms and busts will still occur. As soon as you move away from a barter system and give up trading bullets for beans, then whatever you substitute, whether it's gold, greenbacks, or cowrie shells, is someone's obligation to pay - with a bank or government treasury acting as their proxy. The Dutch Tulip mania in the 17th century is a case in point. No matter how treasury power is configured, it will be open to abuse. This is not to dispute your valid points about moral hazard. However, the 'sound money' meme is nothing more than a fetish which appeals to people who have trouble dealing with the abstractions of economics. In the simplest possible therms: gold is only valuable because a lot of people believe it to be so. Blaming the Fed for everything is a rabbit-hole down which intelligent analysis goes to die. Countries with an independent central back are almost always more stable than those where the government has direct control of the money supply. Today's outstanding example of that is Zimbabwe. And so, AngelFire had finally triumphed... Is it me, or do all portal-type services seem to go through the same curve, since CompuServe to Facebook? Unified interface and handy tools excite early adopters, interest scales in sigmoid fashion, plateaus, and diminishing returns set in as the signal-to-noise ratio declines, followed by profitability. It seems to happen over and over again, like waves on the seashore. Many people clearly want a 'home' on the net with a structured community...much the same way people like suburban tract housing with homeowner's associations. Every few years someone makes fat money by finding a new way to cater to these people, few of whom want to maintain their own domain or pages. Numerous me-too sites grab a small slice of this (like facespace.com...really). 5 years later, it's like that nightclub down the street that used to be so cool. Absolutely not. The financial crisis was an inevitability from September 2007. If anything the oil crisis slowed down or even softened its impact in 3 ways: a) it vented liquidity from the dreadfully overheated mortgage market b) it deflected attention onto oil companies even though most of the change in oil prices was driven by merchant bankers looking for somewhere to park cash c) it created a high degree of demand destruction, slowing the economy down significantly This didn't drive us (or any other country) into recession, but rather caused us to take a closer look at the drivers of the economy and realize that the real estate bubble had already peaked. My personal opinion is that if it hadn't been for the oil shock the financial crisis would have come 3-6 months earlier and been even more stabilizing. I did a lot of research into this last year for a documentary, but shelved it due to inertia and changing events. I feel strongly that the oil crisis happened because of the deeper financial crisis, but still can't decide if it was a naturally emergent symptom or a wholly engineered plan B which succeeded in staving off total collapse. Or somewhere in between. already: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=576053 Google should buy it for Docs - looks like it was designed with their API. The help page (Learn more) is also a model of clarity and good documentation. Excellent work. Please take my comment as a truism about evolution rather than women in particular. The extremely superficial explanation is my view of one strategy among many. Primitive strategies are none the worse for being primitive: though no guarantor of success, they're often adequate. thus the number of citations of a science paper is not a direct reflection of its quality, but not irrelevant either. I was surprised to discover that market traders, far from being tight-lipped about their strategic overview, spend a lot of time calling each other up when things were slow to ask what their competitors thought of the day's financial 'weather'. Google's Pageranks are similar. And so on. It is true that a fairly non-promiscuous person will likely be a better parent and thus a desirable match. Nevertheless, some competitive genes don't hurt. Also commitment after experience is more interesting than commitment by default (see daily YC thread on how 'Windows users only like it because it came with the computer they bought'). This is all ^his fault. http://docs.google.com/Doc?id=dd93s8qb_37dqrnxjdk It's not just Time and Newsweek. I get complimentary subscriptions to both Fortune and Money, and I find it almost impossible to read either of them. It's like a bad television transcript. (17 page rant about the failings of most media and media consumers implied) :blush: thank you. Just some ideas that were kicking round while I was failing to do much work today. You've inspired me to develop it further though. http://synthmaker.co.uk/ http://synthmaker.co.uk/about.html This tool is designed for audio DSP, but is not limited to that. If you're interested in this topic, I recommend downloading the trial, putting it in advanced mode, and just futzing about for a few hours. It's very accessible and fast to work with, and could be adapted to quite a lot of non-DSP tasks. I would love to see it generalized: the modules within are how I feel libraries should present. Draw graphs for data flow or complex functions, open up a code box for tight procedural stuff. Perhaps not what the author had in mind, but audio synthesis of this kind is event-driven, asynchronous and features a high degree of interactivity, so it may be worth further exploration. Please email if you know about this kind of cool stuff in other contexts. Thanks - no need to apologize. I do think you overlooked 2 things (or I didn't bring them out strongly enough): 1- entertaining doesn't have to be expensive to be impressive 2- throwing a dinner party or a garden party is a cheap and effective way to network But your point is well taken. There is no revenue to speak of at present. Also, that's what I inherited. I agree 100% on the website. The dead pages are due it being recently hacked/restored :-( But it's very much brochureware. I've had a lot of resistance to changing that, but your comment helps a lot. "Exciting new challenges that allow me to maximize my potential!" As an introvert, I'm wary of requests to articulate such things on demand. I'm probably not going to tell an interviewer that my greatest pleasures include cooking with my girlfriend or getting baked and playing with synthesizers. Video editor here. I much prefer it to a generic box or circle. Maybe an egg shape would be equally functional and prettier, but I liked the immediacy. Agreed. The program is overtly cost-conscious and I've made a lot of changes to bring out the 'caring and sharing' values of having guests to dinner rather than the aspirational ones. all the feedback from you and others has been studied carefully, and gratefully. I hate the phrase 'jumping the shark', but Gizmodo is doing it. That week-long listening special was the most naked display of commercial self-abasement I've seen in a while. If you have some money to spend and you really care about the sound^, you'll get the most bang for your buck by going to a professional music store and buying the kind of gear used in studios. Strangely (or not), you'll be hard put to find singe channel/speaker cables costing more than $50 in any recording studio unless it's in a huge room needing a long run. I know nothing about your home of course, but when it comes to speakers you basically want them to be heavy and have big woofers. Many studio monitor speakers are powered, with an amp built into the speaker cabinet. In practice, this usually gives better results than a separate amplifier. Mackie Truth monitors will fill an average room and are very accurate for about $1000. At the higher end, Genelec and ADAM are considered the truly desirable names to have. I particularly love the sound (and look) of KRK speakers. If using a subwoofer, 18 inches is fine. More is for reinforcement, not fidelity. Buy good stands which you can fill with sand to damp vibrations. Speakers should be around the same height as your head in the room's sweet spot, and basically form a triangle with your head as the third point. The bigger the sweet spot, the better the speaker. You must have carpet; a bare wood floor defeats the purpose. Nor do I know what gear you own, but prefer things which offer 'balanced outputs' - they reject interference and electrical noise far better. If you like records, get a technics SL1200 turntable and an Ortofon needle, for about $1500 altogether. If it's good enough for the world's best DJs, it's good enough for you. CD players from Marantz or Denon are excellent. Ask in the store about your mixing/source selection options, or we'll be here all day :-) ^ First, ask yourself honestly if looks matter. I love the look of studio gear, but that's because of my background as a sound engineer. Not everyone shares my utilitarian sensibility. Draw a floorplan/make photos. Go to Guitar Center and say you have a home recording studio and you need some acoustic foam and some bass traps (for the corners). Depends on your room, but $500 will buy you a lot of foam. Basically you want to break up the standing waves between parallel reflective surfaces. Hardwood floors are the worst culprit, along with windows. A sofa helps a lot. So do big heavy wall hangings if you're into that. Lastly, don't put your speakers in the corners or right back against the wall. It makes them sound boomy and results in muddy bass. The same is true if they're too near the floor. Also, try soundonsound.com for tips on acoustic improvement. Learn your room first: if you can make cheap speakers sound better then so will the pricey ones. Spend most of the money on speakers. If you absolutely must have control over the tone color via an equalizer, Manley is a good choice. Back in the day, CompuServe, Delphi etc. used to charge for connections by the mnute (not to mention for emails). Major phone companies like Verizon etc. still segment customers dependent on whether they're calling inside or outside the network (as if I care what carrier someone else sues, or are going to ask them to switch for my benefit!).I hope this model is doomed. I'm glad the current administration is committed to a broadband plan for the US, although I'm worried that the FCC has set it sights far too low. Personally, I'm OK with some taxes going towards this; Broadband is nowadays as important as a well-functioning road system. It seems to me that the poorer or less economically developed parts of the US would derive big long-term economic benefits. http://www.fcc.gov/broadband is the central FCC page for the electronic superhighway and related policies. Though very dull looking, there's a lot of substance at the links on the left. A reasonable point. Then again, drug use is arguably the primordial hack to your own wetware, and drug policy indirectly says something about how the state approaches individual cases it might not understand - consider the history of PGP, or whether Linux would have been developed in the US. So I vote for relevant, although only very peripherally. This is an intellectually lazy position, like dismissing a the findings of a scientific paper on the basis that the authors began with a hypothesis and sought evidence of its truth. Of course that happens, which is why the quality of sources and methodology should be taken into account. I haven't real the full paper yet, but the sourcing is impeccable, using government statistics and peer-reviewed papers rather than private surveys or anecdotal evidence. Agreed. I was scared of C for a long time, but it's actually a beautiful language. Deitel & Deitel's 'C; How to program' is a fine tutorial in both C and structured programming. YMMV. I think they supplement each other. Wikipedia is a great place to go explanatory material; statistics are a part of that but if you are really interested in the numbers behind something you'll probably follow up the citations. Alpha looks to have great potential as a tool for statistical discovery and analysis, but I rather doubt it auto-generate tutorials on what data mean or why they matter. It would be nice if Wikipedia can improve the quality of its articles by linking to Alpha; I hope Wolfram research won't exert a propriety attitude to its search results, but will make them available with something like a creative commons license to the extent that the original sources are in the public domain. I think that's just an attempt to make it easy for people to relate to. Think how useful a similar system might be in a hospital or lab setting, to say nothing of the more abtruse applications that only a physicist might think of. It might have relevance for things from inkjet printers to the way chemicals are deposited on wafers for chip fabrication. Remember that the physic are independent of the medium; water is the reference liquid because of its ubuity, but with this information you could equally well predict the behavior of other liquids by just altering the coefficient of viscosity and the density of the surrounding medium. I'll hazard a guess that it plays a role in cloud formation as well on a much slower scale. Phorque, this is just commentary on the same story (RR prints first circuit) you posted the other day. That was worthy of note, but commentary on same doesn't really add anything and this particular article is really lightweight. More like '5 reasons why Mac is no longer impractical for developers'. I think the only absolute benefit it offers (which is driving some people to it but curiously isn't mentioned) is being able to develop iPhone/iPod apps. Not hating on the Mac, or anything - competition is a good thing. I just didn't care for the evangelista tone. Thanks, I found this valuable. It's a good advert for Wolfram too; he's a lot more personable when he's talking about something else besides his resume :-) Famous people's communications are most often handled by others, which is part of what creates a perception of social value - you can't reach them directly. If I was well-known enough to have millions of people projecting their personal thoughts onto my image, I wouldn't be in any great hurry to take on a high-maintenance communication channel either. Once you do, you're kinda stuck with it. 1:40: trying to hide from my increasingly obsessive fans. LEAVE ME ALONE! It doesn't remind me of the iPhone so much as OS X. I'm uncertain why they would want to associate their new product with Apple's visual branding. I read the thing twice thinking I'd made some mistake and this was an Apple-led joint venture. Maybe it was a 'because we can' thing, but if I was Palm's head of marketing I'd be ripping someone a new one right now. I like the idea, but not the faux-wood visual interface, which reminded me of a Flash game at first blush. I think the weak part is you're offering coupons, rebates and special offers. These are already used and abused by many websites, and my first reaction was 'meh...more spam' - which is unfair, because such things do offer a value to the consumer...but it's just that I seem to get special offers when people have something they want to promote, rather than when I want to buy. Suggestion: give users points, then let them claim the rewards they actually want. This would be a source of more saleable data in itself. Alternatively, give out cash. Since the amount owed to any individual user is miniscule, you could adopt a lottery model and give 1 user out of 1000 a $100 every month, or whatever your numbers allow. It's a good concept, I just think you need something to set yourself apart from other information marketing companies and give you an unusual angle. It wasn't about women (to me) - I would have had the same reaction if it was gay porn. Or if it was a talk on security and featured photos of real life cops and criminals breaking the law. I'm sure it's a great database, but the visual baggage wound up being a major distraction. We shouldn't try to 'fix' things that aren't broken. I don't know how you got into hacking, but... Didn't strike me as Windows-bashing. I'd object too - if the university wants to use only certain tools, they can provide them (and have the responsibility for being able to load & export Excel data with OpenOffice). If the student wants to use other but equally powerful tools, it's not the university's business. I suspect this was dreamed up by accountants rather than faculty. What I meant to say (but did so poorly) was that requiring a certain software platform is like requiring certain brands of paper and pencils to be used for note taking. I draw a distinction between course materials and the tools used to study them. Using Excel spreadsheets as teaching/submission materials is fine by me, but it's not their business how the student deals with that, eg by using alternative software. I don't see why students should be required to only use Windows, any more than why they would be required to only use Dell laptops. FWIW I'm happily using windows right now...by choice. If you already enjoy membership in a specific in-group (whether that's the celebrity circuit, tenured faculty, holders of elected office or any other fairly elite social network), then the chances are that other people need to contact you than you needing to contact others. Nor do you necessarily need to leverage technology for a competitive edge to the same degree if you're already 'made it'. Some people are just conservative; apparently Donald Knuth gave up using email and spends his time writing 'the art of programming' and building pipe organs. Other people are unaware or just not interested. Anyway, I'm sure lots of famous people who are interested in the net make use of it, but choose not to advertise the fact. There are social networks exclusively for the wealthy and famous, such as asmallworld.net. Deterrence is unlikely to have much effect (especially given the facts of this case) and if they lose, which I think they will despite my not being a lawyer, they will have shot themselves in the foot. So far they've picked on exactly the sort of people who could be bullied into a settlement. Lessig would love to make a test case out of this. the irony of picking on Lessig himself (as opposed to whoever mixed the muppets with Anime) is too rich for words. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=586445 In other news, truth still stranger than fiction. Not what you were looking for, but Excel has long had a feature that allows you to assign names to ranges, and it's a big time saver. alternatively, you might like to check out Mathematica. Rubbish. If people have plenty money to buy laptops for themselves, they'll still buy netbooks for their kids. In fact the relative lack of power will be an asset, since parents won't want to think they're buying one so the kids can run Crysis. IANAL...but fuck that. I assume your previous communication about the 'unofficial version' was in writing, at least by email. So legally, they don't have a leg to stand on because they've already folded and accepted your right to supplement their service with your little app. I(f they had strenuously objected straight out of thegate that would be a different situation, but they've already committed to a course of action and now they're backtracking. You can show you dealt with them in good faith (I presume) so I think you're quite safe with 'thanks, but no thanks'. Needs moar audio equipment. Tried 5 different items, found all of them on google. Obscure, I know, but that's why I like search engines. Great concept though, bookmarked for future use. Don't know if it would help to scrape results looking for .pdf extensions. We're just not as smart as he thinks he is. Not much. As long as you have a fence to stop them running out into the road, goats will just wander around and munch grass all day. As will sheep. They need to be checked by a vet a couple of times a year. You guys are confusing the requirements for industrial farming (where you're committed to deliver a certain amount of milk or meat every x weeks) with the basics of animal husbandry. As long as you don't have so many goats that they eat the grass faster than it grows back, everything will be just fine. Keeping animals on a free range basis is extremely low-maintenance and low-impact. They just eat, poop, sit around and reproduce every so often. It's not a multi-day journey for the truck, whereas the lawnmower is likely to be running all day for several days. The distance is irrelevant, since a lawnmower can't travel at the same speed as a truck. Additionally, lawnmowers generally use 2 stroke engines which are inefficient and extremely noisy. You get greater economies of scale at a central power plant than with numerous distributed motors, plus you only need to install one set of scrubbers. Joule for joule, it's cleaner to run an electric motor on AC than to run your own generator. Looks like it has great potential. I hope there will be an API and am really looking forward to trying it out. The dynamic parsing aspects of it are what appeal to me. Some searches I plan to try when it's live; (some company) revenue - and I hope to get graphs for past years, and a pie chart for the current year, given that all that info is in a [public] company's 10k filing. Napoleon relationships - hopefully I should get a tree showing positive affiliations with Josephine & others, negative ones with Wellington & others, and ambiguous ones with with Talleyrand etc. I can think of a lot of others, but I'm keeping my mouth shut in case they have commercial mashup potential :-) I hope there will be an API or licensing terms which offer a low barrier to commercial entry. While New Zealand is not a world hub of IP, this should be closely watched. It will be extremely interesting to compare the terms of the 'rebooted' legislation with the existing incrementally altered system. I can't guess whether it will cut down the typical 'function creep' of incremental legislative extension or result in a major rebalancing in the same direction as the function creep (ie on behalf of copyright holders). I'll be surprised if it results in a tilt in favor of consumers. To the extent that HN has members or members have contacts over there, I hope someone will advocate alternative models such as Creative Commons licenses and similar, and argue on behalf of their legal utility. Another copyright issue that is little discussed is that of authorship. In Europe, if I write a book and you buy it, I may sell the copyright to you outright but I retain the right to be identified as the author. In the US no such right exists. I'm kinda stating the obvious here, but I hope people will pay close attention to this. It's not often the legal codebase is thrown out and rewritten, and this is a 'use it or lose it' situation for NZ citizens, whose participation and reaction will be closely studied by legislators and copyright holders elsewhere. Given the depressing manner in which US legislators have catered only to large copyright holders to undermine the original intention of the copyright process and basically cut off the natural flow of IP into the public domain, this has long-term implications for all of us. Well, insofar as the doppelganger and I have sepata experiences, our personalities have already begun to diverge. Now, if the doppelganger whipped out a pair of EEG helmets and demonstrated that we could sync our experiences - eg, I take a sleeping pill and let my doppelganger go out on the town for a night, but I can easily 'catch up' the following morning - then i'd think about it. I don't see a whole lot of hype. As for the AI part, I think you're just rehashing Searle's Chinese Room argument, which has been shot down a long time ago. No, what we need is a cheap EEG device that exposes its raw data and comes with a basic API. A closed system will live or die on the quality of the release software. An open one will be slower to take off, but see much broader use. So it is, but isn't it a little more MetaFilter than HackerNews? At the same time I can't help a mild feeling of 'Say it ain't so, captain Obvious!' You only have to sit down with a good nature or anthropology documentary to see our social structures aren't all that complex or different from 'primitive' ones. ¯\(º_o)/¯ Study short report here: http://www.scribd.com/doc/14828519/ While I also have reservations about dosing the water supply, I don't think flouride is such a bad thing; and the study suggests that micro-doses as described seem to reduce the rate of suicide by up to a third, which is nothing to sneeze at. Some illness and suffering is caused by modern life an technology (on a personal level, I think our emphasis on getting up early and minimizing the amount of sleep we need is a very bad thing). While it needs a lot of further study, I wonder if rather than looking at something like this as a prophylactic, we should ask if it isn't rectifying an induced deficiency. Name: Green Scorpion Organization: The Justice Society Of Justice Irrelevant...but awesome XD Mrs Browl questions the credibility of any superhero without an archenemy, though. That seems reasonable enough. I didn't glean anything from the linked page other than what the thread title is. On a slightly related note, I saw that when Sweden overhauled their pensions systems a yer or two back they basically defaulted people to joining one of two state-run funds and gave everyone a list of alternatives and an easy 'opt-out' clause (opt out of the state-run fund; you have to pay into some sort of pension by law). This, too, seemed to work well for most people without unfairly restricting the liberty of those who would rather manage their own financial affairs. Yes. I was much more impressed with the 3d page header than the actual content. Good job. This is what 'visual programming' is supposed to be like. It's not a bug, it's a feature. I actually mean that, it strikes a balance between 'sure, do your thing computer' and 'no, I would like to specify exactly what should happen'. This approach has been built into Windows for a long time and I like it. I have a mix of hardware in my computer and some I configure automagically but some I need to set up manually. I suspect the blogger cited in the OP has never had to do technical support for a living.