x86 branch predictors are not 60% correct... Any decent branch predictor is over 90% correct and I believe modern ones are over 96% correct. Where's the source? It's not that I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing, but I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing. Garbage collection isn't a very good solution. They're often implemented poorly (the only good one being Go's) and they're slow. Garbage collection also necessitates a runtime environment to keep track of the data. What is not smart about smart pointers? std::shared_pointer implements reference counting just as OP describes. Yeah I'm also considering shorting this as well. Having worked at a company that ate Atlassian software day and night, every single piece of software they have in their portfolio is a complete ugly mess. For every piece of software they have there's a better alternative that is cheap or free. I hate Jira completely. It is terrible. Best system I've seen is Pivotal Tracker. Oh thanks for that. I can now pass the test with 10/10 correctness. There's a noticeably louder noise floor in the 8bit sample that is really clear between the samples. It may help that I'm using over-ear closed headphones that have a really good seal and block most outside noise. Pachi isn't in the same league as AlphaGo. Pachi can't win at all against AlphaGo without handicap. With a 4 stone handicap Pachi only wins 1% of the time against AlphaGo. From the paper, no that's with "single machine AlphaGo" which is 48 CPUs and 8 GPUs. Distributed AlphaGo beats Single Machine AlphaGo 77% of the time. (Distributed AlphaGo being 1202 CPUs and 176 GPUs.) Yes. Many of these questions have been explored in AI fiction for many decades. Even right down to the titles, like the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" which became "Blade Runner" for the movie version. Or "I, Robot" by Isacc Asimov. > Butter contains 3 % trans fats. _No_ it does not. Trans fats are a completely artificial creation originally thought to avoid weight gain because it's specifically _not_ butter. They don't exist naturally in any butter. The US government has basically declared "HTTPS/TLS Interception Considered Harmful". This is going to be interesting as all the major security load blanacer/appliances out there offer this as a standard service at this point. 1. Snooping on their internet banking is ILLEGAL for you to do and puts YOU in hot water. You realize you could be put out of business by lawsuits right? My main beef is if I try to look up any old movie ever, It's almost guaranteed to not be on Netflix. It's the first place I try and it fails every time. This is just price controls and fails for every other reason that price controls fails elsewhere. It puts the cost of drugs well above the market rate for such drugs in that country and opens the door for local producers to simply undercut. The long term effect of is this is that US sellers will essentially become galapagos companies that only sell to the US and you effectively create two markets. The end state is exactly where we're at now but only with the US bearing even more of the cost. Yes, the notable one I know of ULA (United Launch Alliance) doing a bunch of volunteered lay offs where they went around asking their old timers to see if they would be willing to go into retirement. I disagree. As a new coder when looking at a new language you don't know what's the same as what you're used to and what's different. Some things may be almost exactly the same but be slightly different. For example Python's division converts ints to floats in Python 3, for example. If you just leave out everything that's the same, the reader won't know what it's the same as. Also, the same compared to what? C? Everyone's first language is not the same. Most people I've met who work in security at large companies would rather lose their job than participate in the erasure of security for all. Apple showed this pretty obviously, but I think many companies would have most of their software engineers quit before accepting such a request, even if it was a direct order. The government cannot order you personally to write software, that's blatant first amendment violations, even if they figure out a way to order a company to do so. When politicians see one of their largest corporations disappearing over night, and the associated loss of world power and tax revenue, from engineers quitting vs a police force trying to force things like this... I think there will be some reconsidering that would happen. Oh please, can you even look at what you're saying? Please look at some numbers before stating such ridiculous things. > They're position seems to be that anything outside of your brain (5th amendment and all) should be available with a court order in a reasonable time and at reasonable cost. I'm looking forward to the first court cases that deal with somebody who implanted a memory chip into their body and are storing information in it (only accessible through a wirelessly sent password) that the court wants to access. Could the court order surgery to remove it. If enough of the core developers quit that puts a pretty huge dent in the company. Please illuminate me then. What is wrong with looking at pure causes of death? They bash it exactly because they don't understand it and they listen to whatever they read on Facebook that tells them why it is evil. Basic Economics education outside of University and even within University is strongly lacking in this country. We need mandatory personal finance/macro economics courses as part of high school. You should check out T-Mobile. They have free video streaming if you enable it, but it forcibly downgrades the video streams to no higher than 720p. That still sounds like much better than you have however. I just have to laugh at this title. It's delusional. Looks like Google is trying marketing spin to make what it does sound less evil. Honestly, what's the alternative to Agile? Waterfall? Hell no. Match is live here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-HL5nppBnM I wish they would not keep panning the camera away from the explanation though. Google hired some pretty piss poor horrible camera operators. It really really sucks. This circles back to that Governments making rules will always find those who find ways to work around them. How about we try making rules that even if worked around, don't harm others? At this point it's not too much harder than opening a bank account. Agreed. Impossible to read, horrible broken UI (pagination, really?). Fonts too large. Too much white space. That's also exactly what I don't want. It's more paperwork than code in such places all full of rigorous validation. These 100k year plans are beyond absurd. It's based on the flawed hypothesis that the radiation has to be below detectable levels compared to background before it's considered "safe", where in reality "safe" is a statistical property that can be reached in under 1000 years and perhaps even 100 years. Scrolling is fine for me. Chrome on a Mac. If having Uber in my career profile makes me look bad to a prospective company then I don't want to work at that company. If the company policy I'm applying to is so toxic that they feel the need to purge people for minor things then I would never want to work there. What company is that so I know to avoid it? Sounds like you should get out of there. Except this isn't a leak. This is publicly searchable information. I don't know why people are blowing this out of proportion. "Space" is just a shortening of "outer space" in this case. This is opposed to the "inner space", namely the space within Earth's atmosphere. Everything outside of that is "outer space". We used triple-junction solar cells on our satellite. If I remember right the cells ran somewhere around $100-$200 per square inch. I don't remember the efficiency, but they were left-over dumped cells that were donated to us by some group at NASA because they "expired" (they're kept under a nitrogen purge because they oxidize slowly and these had a leak, if memory serves, still worked great though) and a few were broken as they are more fragile than glass and are about as thin as a sheet of paper. They glow bright red when you forward bias them which you can use to visually detect dead portions of the cell/damage. So how was your company okay with you uploading the company code to Kite's servers? It's a great way to save money. I'd probably almost double my take-home amount (after taxes and food) if I could skip rent in the south bay area. So many people in this thread complaining about coinbase when I've had no issues with them. You people complaining about coinbase must have not been around when Mt.Gox was the only option. If you want to talk about lack of support... Now that's lack of support. You're getting a lot of naysayers here who take one experience and extrapolate it to mean everyone. There are a lot of Tesla drivers out there who use it every day to and from work. I suggest you try using and evaluating the system yourself. Can't believe this is the highest voted answer. It is entirely NOT the reason why they are successful. Please learn some basic business knowledge before you open your mouth next time. Go read the article for one. Yep, everyone I knew growing up and my everyone in my extended family doesn't like unions, especially those who were forced to join unions. Children all over the world still do. The families would die if they did not. This is why many farming families have large numbers of children, labor (that gets paid in food and family love). I laugh when people propose this. I moved to Silicon Valley from across the country because there are good opportunities to learn from companies here. If I'm forced into a union my company will shortly be going under so I'll just find a new job. Silicon Valley workers are already the most overpaid workers in the entire country. A similar job elsewhere pays 50%-75% what I make here. If you try to unionize to force wages higher, all this does is causes the exodus of companies from Silicon Valley even faster. If you don't like your job then switch it, there's plenty of software companies that don't do that. Generally I've seen that the more bleeding edge you're working on then the more overwork you get. If you want to sacrifice working on the bleeding edge for a steady pay and steady working hours you can have that all across the country. Why the hell would you do that. That defeats the point of git. If you're doing this then there's no reason to use git. Just sync a raw directory. You can't reliably do it. This type of thinking has led many to invent conspiracy theories based on the natural background radiation that we and everyone on planet Earth are awash in. Background radiation also varies significantly unless you use very long averaging time frames. I'm on iPhone 5 right now. No problems. > And yes ... after all, humans are quite capable of identifying people with high accuracy from 2D photographs. Depth maps are not required for there to be serious privacy issues with such databases. Which would be true if they were actually storing this on the cloud in a form they could access. As far as we know, they are not. That's the point of the "Secure Enclave". Reject such F2P games. There's lots of F2P games out there. I will second having done this myself. There was a disagreement between how the tax credit for Obamacare/ACA was being taken by my mother versus I because I was transferring from being covered under her insurance to being covered under my own. The IRS said I owed more than I did because the tax credit couldn't be used twice, while my mother and I disagreed we bickered back and forth with the IRS for about a year but they gave up and let us count it. Your credit is not affected. Large companies do not "only pay a portion of the tax they owe". They are following the law and taking tax exemptions. You can do the same. Disagreements arise in the details of tax law in how various exemptions combine with each other, especially if you itemize deductions. You can't usually just say "I want to pay less", you have to have some reason why you think you owe less. THAAD is in a league of its own... It hasn't had its real world effectiveness tested yet, but its miles better than what Patriot could provide. You mean some internet blog told you it had a 50% success rate? The actual tests are 100% successful. Do some basic research please. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminal_High_Altitude_Area_De... Good riddance. That's pretty fake and assumes a lot of capabilities the USSR never had. Satellite mounted nuclear weapons, anti-ICBM missiles, ground to space lasers, "killer satellites", etc never existed. I think the writer enjoys pro-USSR fantasies. More bad rulings from the Ninth Circuit. A lot of people need to work in a city but DONT want to live there. Many only live in cities because its convinient but would otherwise live outside the city. Lol. You can't just violate battery physics because you want it to be so. There rarely is an original specification, and even if one exists, what was actually written has a high probably of not actually matching the specification exactly because of undocumented feature requests or additions. I've never found the BO of someone the same gender as me not repulsive. They universally stink. To the point that I know who does not at work and avoid ever walking behind them. Not wearing deperspirant (not just deodorant!) is poor hygiene as it promotes bacterial growth. I will never agree with someone who thinks they don't need to wear it. You can wear odorless deodorants or very low oder deodorants. Specifically you want deperspirants as those eliminate the possibility of producing smell. Water washes off odor but not the bacteria that make that odor. You need to use soap. Bullshit. Britain and the US don't do anywhere near the scale of this collection. Also we have cases like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carpenter_v._United_States which are set to (likely) outlaw ability for warrantless surveillance of position, which they do in China. That's unfortunate. I had thought that at least Mozilla had people that understood BGP and network routing and why it's impossible for an ISP to treat all data equally and also maintain good QoS. I guess this is just them advocating for themselves as it reduces their costs. What is the metric for determining what data gets through when there is more data than what the transiting connection can handle? The internet is not one single network. It's a series of interconnected network that are operated under different policies and owned by various companies. I'm assuming you have an understanding of BGP and peering. When peering is established between companies there's a general understanding that peering is free if the data flow in each direction is approximately equal. It's a mutual benefit so both engage in the peering. If however data is predominantly flowing in one direction (early Netflix for example) then companies are eating costs (Netflix's costs) to continue to provide Netflix's data to their customers. If you force ISPs to peer in these sorts of arrangements (Net Neutrality) you are shifting costs from Netflix on to the ISPs. ISPs then need to charge their customers more even if they are not customers of Netflix. This was eventually fixed historically by forcing Netflix to to pay for peering despite the large outrage at the time about Comcast "throttling Netflix" and then "forcing them to pay to stop throttling" which misrepresented what was going on. This is just one example. See my other reply. WebAssembly is a dead end. I don't get the hype nor the interest. People tend to forget the huge number of systems out there with tons of active development in C and early versions of C++. Those systems is what Rust would be good for, not "WebAssembly". The vast majority of workhorse code is on the backend, not the front end and UI. I think the only people interested in WebAssembly are former PHP/javascript coders wanting to actually make their code something that runs properly rather than crawls. It should (depending on how they implement it), as long as the software is re-modified to run the original way on only this platform and later. The performance degradation at least would move into hardware instead of software. For me writing Python is fast, until you need to rewrite it when you inevitably refactor. For Python that's an agony, for me. Even if its not decentralized I can still clone all the code in the centralized version control system. If that were true you can compare back to when we didn't spend money on fighting terrorism. Has it changed much? No not really. Terrorism is not a (major) problem in the world if looking at major causes of human loss of life. You don't seem to understand what Steganography is and how it works. Perhaps you should read that article. You cannot produce illegal information out of non-illegal information without having that illegal information somewhere else to use as a key. Did you ever take an engineering ethics course? One of the things talked about is the monetary value placed on a human life. You can't make that value infinitely high or literally nothing can happen. You also don't want it super low. Right. That would have the correct feedback to properly represent what a poor investment investing in students actually is (not a good investment). This would cause interest rates for student loans to be much higher and there would be more rigor in who is allowed a loan. > why pro-diversity hiring policies are not necessarily racist Supreme court has also ruled that opposing them because they are racist is also not racist. > It has come to this. Called upon to explore the jurisprudential twilight zone between two errant lines of precedent, we confront a frighteningly bizarre question: Does the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment forbid what its text plainly requires? Needless to say (except that this case obliges us to say it), the question answers itself. “The Constitution proscribes government discrimination on the basis of race, and state-provided education is no exception.” Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U. S. 306, 349 (2003) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). It is precisely this understanding—the correct understanding—of the federal Equal Protection Clause that the people of the State of Michigan have adopted for their own fundamental law. By adopting it, they did not simultaneously offend it. What? No those are the same thing. Why is an API suddenly not copyrightable if its 0x51234 offset 5 bits, vs human readable text? That is nonsense. Numbers and words should not be treated differently. What if I named my function 015342342(String 123949)? How does that change anything? Holy strawman batman. Yes everything is literally the fault of Republican politicians. You forget that Democrat politicians care just as little about NASA if not even less. Politicians care that its "made here". Support for NASA is entirely bipartisan with supporters and opponents on both sides of the isle. "Mark Zuckerberg Employee Helped Cambridge Analytica Before It Harvested Data" I mean this is getting a bit silly. Why didn't they just say "Palintir Employee". So he wasn't a "Peter Thiel Employee" either then. Can't have your cake and eat it too. False. USB-C cannot be fatal. Thank you. Someone in this thread finally gets this correct. This is impressive but not in the way people think. I suggest trying to understand turbulence and what it is and how little harm it can cause the aircraft. (Look at wing bend test videos on how much the wing can flex before failure.) The best way out of anxiety is to convince your psyche that nothing wrong is possible. Automotive companies don't usually write large amounts of their own software for infotainment, vehicle controls, machine learning, factory systems engineering and the actual embedded programming for the electronics. Yes Tesla is a software company. They hire a huge amount of software engineers. Is Apple not a software company because they make phones and give away all their software for those phones for free like Tesla does? You make the assumption that people won't give them more money. False. NVidia is not supplying off-the-shelf DRIVE systems. They supply the chips that go on them but the board design and manufacturing is by Tesla. What a distorted way of looking at things. You don't make money by cheating people out of something. You make money by doing something people want you to do. (Or doing something they didn't know they wanted you to do.) If the sudden taxes kill the company, then certainly. It's in the US's best interest for them to avoid those taxes because if they don't then the US loses out on taxing future profits of that company. Everything has germs... The idea that you can get rid of them is flawed. Thus starts the demographic inversion. Hopefully we can fix it before we go the way of Japan. The downside of "the way of Japan" is that they'll shortly have no one to pay for all the old people. Keeping old people alive is expensive. In the US young people pay old people's social security income. You see how many people are talking about the aging baby boomers right? Imagine that but much worse. Because having a family is a good way to a happy life. It's literally the oldest most out of date Linux distro available (even this update), so probably. CentOS recently added Python 2.7 instead of Python 2.6... There are open source 3d party applications on Linux that I've used to access 1Password password archives. The code is closed source but everything they're using to encrypt the passwords are open standards. You can build your own 3rd party open source platform to access them.