You're not dealing with big corporates or government. If you are, you're not doing so in a way that the budget weenies notice you. Big orgs are consolidating, and part of that consolidation is cutting off the ability of "rogue" business units to contract with any vendor who isn't on a select list. (And the vendors on the select list are under orders to rat out rogue initiatives to corporate HQ) Survival for small business folks stuck in this world is becoming a "partner" for IBM, Cisco/EMC/VMWare, Microsoft, HP, Deloitte, etc. A healthy skepticism of placing recording microphones on street corners all over a community is a natural reaction to an egregious abuse of civil liberties. It probably doesn't mean much to you, because you're probably white, and probably live in a "good" neighborhood. So this won't affect you. The slippery slope is already iced -- the systems are already being used to record conversations. But I guess that's ok, since it's just affecting those people on the wrong side of the tracks. One of the primary business activities of street gangs are selling drugs smuggled in from Latin America. Do you really think that it's a stretch for them to import illegal gun accessories? US Attorneys (Federal prosecutors) are appointed by the President for 4 year terms. Local State's Attorneys or District Attorneys are usually elected. If a case is primarily being handled by the FBI, it's generally a Federal case being handled by a US Attorney. Am I missing something here? This sounds alot like IMS. Hierarchical databases have been around for a long, long time. The concepts look similar to some ancient legacy system that I worked on a decade ago. Doesn't sound incredibly novel. It's amazing to me that anyone is actually arguing that RAID negates the need for backup. That is just dumb. If I ever heard an SA working for me advocate that position, I would probably get them off of my team ASAP. I think these sorts of phenomena are a direct result of the merger & consolidations that seem to be inevitable as technology moves on. If you think about it, there is a shockingly small number of people who know how to do things critical to society. How do you make a car axle? Sew complex stitching on an industrial scale? Build a CPU? In my city, you can correlate street trees with bad or declining neighborhoods. Absentee landlords see trees as a nuisance -- you need to rake leaves in the fall, and they generally believe that the roots will block up sewers, etc. I doubt the talent behind meebo is worth $200M. I'd say that it's more a bailout of the investors. This sort of thing (certificate compromise) has happened with open source projects as well. The downside of trusting certificates is that you're abstracting trust to a point that you (where you == the IT industry) stops questioning who can do what. You trust something absolutely, but that trust is based on lots of people whom you don't know doing the right thing without making mistakes. People find their place in the world. I cannot imagine being dyslexic or unable to empathize with people. It's inspiring that people can turn those "handicaps" into competitive advantages. While the comment wasn't very sensitive, it also happens to be true. Our society tries to build a support structure around folks to enable them to reach their potential. Sometimes we're successful, other times we're not successful. In the past, unless your family was able to help you find a place, folks with mental problems were basically discarded by society. AirBNB isn't illegal -- it's analogous to the "personal services" sections in newspapers that are almost certainly including advertisements for prostitution. The problem is, the people renting out their rooms on AirBNB are in many cases violating local law, lease terms or insurance contracts. They're also in moral hazard -- they are paying for homeowners/renters insurance while running a roominghouse. AirBNB's legal position has to be "buyer (ie. landlord) beware". But their marketing position is that it's easy to cover your expenses by renting out your apartment. That paradox is a variation of Napster's old "people are just sharing music like they always have" line. The issue isn't that an unconventional pattern is illegal. The issue is that the risk models of residential mortgages, many apartment leases and insurance are designed for people living in a home. That distinction is important, because people generally treat their home with more care. And insurance/mortgages are priced accordingly. An apartment tenant generally doesn't leave the door open or unlocked -- they don't want their stuff to be stolen or destroyed. But a hotel guest or AirBNB renter has no skin in the game. Have you ever worked at a hotel? People routinely leave patio doors open or prop entry doors when they leave the room. NYC is a very tenant-friendly environment. It's critical to the landlord to have it on the record that he was running a pseudo-roominghouse out of his apartment in order to evict him later. Otherwise, you get held up in housing court. It's a complicated issue. Since the government started de-regulating many agricultural practices and allowing for the patenting of organisms, argribusiness intensely lobbies Congress to the point that they control agricultural policy. http://www.cbsnews.com/2100-18563_162-4048288.html Basically, the genetics of modified crops are patented. So if the wind carries corn pollen from your neighbor's farm to your organic cornfield, your crop will pick up some patented genetic characteristics. Then Monsanto's people come and sue you for using their intellectual property. Monsanto also acts to squelch competition. They purchased companies that make specialized equipment designed to clean and prepare non-hybrid seeds for storage, and shut down manufacturing. They also send people out to buy up old equipment used for seed cleaning, and if you are found have infringed on Monsanto's intellectual property, they'll have the court seize your seed-cleaning equipment. Nobody is killing themselves because you're being subsidized by the American taxpayer to grow lots of corn. Monsanto is a nasty corporation, but their nastiness is fueled by government policy that allows them to leverage patents and practices to make a commodity product like corn as profitable to them as pharmaceuticals are to Genentech or AstraZenica. It's great for you now, and results in cheap food prices for the consumer. But there are dangerous long-term social (ie. lots of obese people fattened up by artificially cheap and ubiquitous corn-derived sugar), biological and economic consequences I don't know that HFCS is "bad" vs. cane sugar. My only dig here is that generally speaking, eating alot of calories makes you gain weight. The US government decided at one time that lowering the cost of food proportionally would increase overall prosperity by giving consumers more buying power. The unintended side effect of that policy is that heavily sweetened prepared foods are now cheap and ingrained into culture. "Liking" a nation does not preclude other nations from spying on them. I'm sure the US and Israel spy on each other. It's not too bad, as long as you own appropriate suits. If you wear a heavy wool suit in August in NYC, you'll be a sweaty mes. If you wear an appropriate summer weight suit, you'll be ok. Men don't appreciate the uniformity of male bodies. (basically: skinny, average, athletic (bigger chest), portly (bigger gut) ) For women, there are many more variables, and each vendor cuts clothing differently. A guy with Timoni's tastes following this strategy would just buy a hoodie, shirts and pants from the Gap. Done. For a girl, having had a kid might mean that Gap skirt doesn't fit anymore. Or the shirt is meant for a bigger/smaller bust, etc. Usually people distinguish a cult from a mainstream religion based on the level of control that the movement exerts over its members. It's absolutely a grey line. Keep in mind that branches of mainstream religions sometimes go off in cultish directions -- often focusing on a charismatic figure. The problem with the Euro is the moral hazard that it creates. People in the "PIGS" countries were able to borrow and spend based on the credit of more robust economies such as Germany. So now, the people in these countries will be suffering for years under devaluation or austerity, but the rich who were the biggest beneficiaries of the bubble are completely safe, with their fortunes migrated to strong German banks with the click of a mouse. The Germans and northern Europeans are culpable in this -- they essentially co-signed billions of loans to countries like Greece that lack the governance ability to function with a German credit line. There obviously is a better way, because competitors in this segment do a better job. TripAdvisor immediately comes to mind for restaurants. It's pretty well known that Yelp is a joke -- wasn't the #1 restaurant in San Francisco some hole in the wall taco place a few months back? That practice sounds like a great way to get sued. You're being fed the government story re: leaks. They are leaking because the administration wants to be able to technically deny that it happened and avoid deeper questioning in public. At the same time, they get to control the timing, tempo and content of reporting in the mainstream press. From the Sanger story: "...according to participants in the program." "...based on interviews over the past 18 months with current and former American, European and Israeli officials involved in the program, as well as a range of outside experts. None would allow their names to be used because the effort remains highly classified, and parts of it continue to this day." "...according to participants in the many Situation Room meetings on Olympic Games" "Mr. Obama, according to officials in the room, asked a series of questions, fearful that the code could do damage outside the plant." "...the focus of attention, as one administration official put it, "has been overwhelmingly on one country."" Each one of these quotes indicates that an official senior enough in the US administration to be attending meetings on the topic with the President was willing to commit a serious crime by leaking this information to the press. Do you seriously think that a person crazy enough to leak secrets that would land him in prison would also take great pains to describe the President's deliberations on the topic as generously as this account does? We live in a free society, and Stallman is free to have an opinion, and to interpret things strictly or loosely. He is a fanatic or an extremist? Absolutely. But he continues to attract interest, and his contributions to society are real and significant. Society needs fanatics. We need someone to question that moral righteousness of things like copyright, or to set a boundary for the meaning of "open source". If he's personally difficult for Mr. Raymond to deal with, so what? How would the world improve if everyone sat around getting along with each other? Raymond's post is self-serving, and more about reminding us about how important he is while criticizing someone else. Santorum is a true believer. There's a difference between a leader who drinks the kool-aid, and a leader who mixes the kool-aid. Kool-aid drinkers by definition cannot set the agenda. It's satire. The government has the power of eminent domain, so they can just appropriate the property for it's market value. ($0) Car companies were late to the internet game the first time, and probably don't want to be left out again. Some car companies paid through the nose to domain squatters, others were unsuccessful (ie. nissan.com) You're not an idiot, you just like Apple and have enough money not to care about getting ripped off. This design decision has nothing to do with reducing "volume, weight and cost". It has everything to do with hosing the customer on memory, as that has been a very lucrative business on the iPad. iCal shipped in 2002. They made it ugly in 2011. I didn't level a slur at you, and as I said, I don't think that you're an idiot. Just wealthy. Before, you had the ability to go to the Apple store or website and have them "take care of" your memory woes at point of purchase. They charge like $500 for an $100 memory stick. Most people call paying 5x more for a commodity product "a ripoff". .com addresses would be owned by "the Shack", and you would have to enter your zipcode before visiting a .com site. HP would have announced the retirement of .net after the Compaq merger, and then change their minds. EMC would raise the price of .org domains to $10,000/year, but you wouldn't be able to actually assign IP addresses until the next release. Keep in mind that Perl4 was the first "big" version of Perl, available in 1991 with the publication of the camel book. When this was written companies were advertising "Cut and Paste" as a big feature for word processors. I think that statement only makes sense if people who live longer also have higher fertility rates. No, they are targeting consumers who call their "bank". The service life of modern computers is more than 3 years. So instead of buying a 16GB memory upgrade for $29 in 2015 to rejuvenate your laptop, you're looking at buying another $2,000 device. (Assuming that Apple doesn't decide that you only need an iPad 8) Average refresh cycle has historically been around 3 years. Today, most businesses are pushing to 4 for laptops, 6 for desktops. Normal people tend to upgrade when the batteries become untenable to deal with. An 18 month lifecycle for Apple kit is indicative that you spend between 3-6x than the average. I guess it depends on the story. If HN is supposed to be about startup culture and technology, the anecdote is essential to being vibrant. What is a startup if not a story whose premise is unproven? Now if you're telling me that your sister stuck a magnet in her ear and cured her cancer, I'm not going to give that credence without some real data. Most things on HN are not that, and a good story often compels us to think. So FWIW, I'm not downvoting contrarians, and I'm not downvoting anecdotes for being anecdotes. Not an EE, but I've observed a few things about electrical infrastructure: - The work is usually done by outside contractors, working off of specifications that may or may not make sense. - Some aspects of testing have the potential to be dangerous to the people doing them. (ie. if network switch fails in testings, no big deal. If some types of electrical switch break during testing, the tester is dead.) High voltage electricity is not a toy. - IT and facilities staff usually don't talk much, and often don't understand each other when they do. - There's no instrumentation. I get an alert when IT systems aren't configured right. Nothing from the other stuff. - There is a wide variance in quality of electrical infrastructure that isn't obvious to someone who isn't skilled in that area. IT folks don't need to deal with computers built in 1970. Electricians deal with ancient stuff that may be completely borked all of the time. Absolutely. Apple's vision for tablet-computer integration is to dumb down the computer. Microsoft can't afford to do that. I like StackOverflow, and contribute heavily to one of the "other" Stack Exchange sites that is busy, but not enough to get out of perpetual beta. The problem that they have is that SO grew very quickly and developed a Usenet-style culture. That's good in that there is alot of good information out there, but bad in the sense that you get all of the assholish behavior that came with Usenet. The other problem that they have is the network of other sites, some of which are very good. The problem there is that they're scaling a model meant for 1,000,000 SO users down to 5,000 users, and it just isn't the same. On a smaller SE site, you cannot wrangle the 5 votes to close some nonsense question written in pidgin english. On SO, a question will be closed in seconds by the vigilantes who roam the site. What Apple did was remove all of the barriers that got in the way of a good tablet experience for individual consumers. In essence, they made the iPad an application platform instead of a general purpose computer. They combined that with their amazing manufacturing and engineering prowess and created a real winner. From my perspective, the iPad is a dumbed down device. I only have access to the underlying operating system via API, don't have an ability to directly access shared corporate resources that are interesting to me, and cannot run arbitrary software without alot of hassle. Dumbed-down devices are fine -- i own and love my iPad. But they're fine until you need to do something that the vendor doesn't want you to do, and Apple is a vendor who likes to define a single "one true path" to do many things. Sure, if you're in a transaction-oriented business where it's simple enough to keep the business in your head, you don't need employees. As things grow, the problem with contractors is that their stake is limited to their contract. Good employees have the best interest of the company in mind. The difference is that tens of thousands of business users used System 9. The Microsoft platform probably had hundreds of millions. There's almost no comparison. Open Directory is basically a ldap with MIT kerberos that can sort of integrate with AD. Most folks setup a hybrid (referred to as the "magic triangle") where you use AD for user auth and OD for computer policy stuff. It's not very robust, and Apple isn't exactly committed to the notion of server operating systems, so it doesn't get much love. You really need to buy a client app like ADmit Mac, or a server-side solution like Centrify to really work with Active Directory. AD itself is a really brilliant collection of software. Think of it as a fully integrated, smoothly operation bundle of LDAP, Kerberos and DNS -- it "just works". Coming from a Unix background, AD was amazing to me as there isn't any Unix equivalent at all, except maybe for the ancient NIS and NFS integrations. You get single sign on. Robust Access Controls. The ability to trust the identities of external organizations. A policy engine to do all sorts of management activities at various levels. Oh, and it allows you to easily build fault-tolerant deployments without much forethought. If you have a product that fits on a Gartner "magic quadrant", figure out what analyst writes it and get real friendly with that person. Otherwise, you need a way to sell to the Executive level folks (ie. sell like IBM and Oracle). If you operate in or have access to the social stratum of corporate bigwigs, use that. Otherwise, you can hire $$$ salesfolk who have that access, or target mid-level managers and play the procurement game. If you are interested in government... Find a lobbyist with a clue. I sold $350k-$1.2M / month when I worked at CompUSA in college (late 90s). I averaged $10/hr jan-september, about $18 november/december. I was usually ranked 3 out of 100 salespeople. The rest made $6.60/hr. I wasn't being exploited, and neither are the folks at the Apple store. In the US, you have protections if you have a union contract. Otherwise, you pretty much need to be considered a protected class (varies by state), and your sacking was related to your class status. Here's a few ideas. Buy the ASHRAE books on Datacenter/Datacom HVAC design, implementation and operations. Most IT equipment runs optimally with air entering the front face up to around 78 degrees F -- and can run with some decreased reliability up to 85. I've been in datacenters where I need to grab a hoodie to work for any length of time -- that's a waste. Once you read and understand these books and do some data gathering, you should be able to either turn up the thermostat in your datacenter to 75-80 degrees F. (it's probably too cold) Also, If humans are comfortable working in hot aisles, it's way too cold -- the airflow is screwed up and you're cooling down air that doesn't need to be cold. For a modest expenditure, you may be able to install blank panels in your racks, ducting or other equipment to make your cooling more effective. You said that you have 10,000 servers. Time to get aggressive about virtualization. Did your company skip a refresh cycle or two because of the poor economy? If "yes", congratulations, you have some Intel Pentium 4 space heaters churning away in your datacenter. Good news is that you should be replace them on a 5:1 basis (very conservative) with virtual host servers, and show a net savings. Install motion-activated LED lighting. Talk to your power utility or government agency charged with energy efficiency and see if grants are available. Lighting accounts for much more power consumption in datacenters than you may think! > In my admittedly anecdotal experience, I have found that ORMs are the most useful for the most trivial queries. For anything complicated, I find it easier to drop into SQL and write the query directly As a recovering DBA, I want to jump out of my seat and say "Yes, exactly!" In many situations, "simple" queries can easily cover 90% of what you actually need, and simple queries are often an order of magnitude less expensive than even modestly complicated ones. If your devs are in the habit of writing lots of SQL, they'll often decide to do things like write one complex query to avoid the need for a few trivial queries. From a developer point of view, that makes sense, but the result is that you end up chewing lots of database resources. Databases tend to become scarce resources quickly, and it's usually very expensive to scale up. In my previous experience, the ORM helped reduce needlessly complex queries, and freed up resources on the DBA side of the house to help optimize the complex stuff that needed to be there. Granted, I was a DBA a long time ago, and resources were far less plentiful back in the good old days. But I think this is still relevant whenever you get into "big" databases. People don't like being ripped off. Price discrimination is revenue optimization for the vendor, it's not eliminating some efficiency -- it's steering me to part with more of my economic resources. I expect the kind of behavior from a salesperson with whom I am negotiating -- that's a customary way to do business in that model. In the United States, we learn about fixed-cost in the grocery store -- an apple cost $1 whether I have $0.50 or $5,000 in my wallet. When I'm buying a product or service on what appears to be a fixed-cost basis, I perceive your "pricing discrimination" as taking advantage of me. I agree with you too, which may sound strange, but I think the difference is in the teams. I think in your case (and many others), my position doesn't make sense. Why? Because you're competent and grok programming and databases, which is an amazingly rare. Also, you're working on a really small team. In a bigger or more distributed team, you need to have strong standards and governance when many people are sharing one resource. Otherwise, you run into a "tragedy of the commons" scenario where the whole business suffers. The web browser. I loved my BB, but ditched it when it became clear to me that they didn't take browsing seriously. I was a senior manager in an organization where one of my peers essentially inserted a similar blame regime into our incident management process. It is a poisonous practice, but I actually loved my job and wanted to improve the place. So my team fought back. The way that you defeat a system like this is to use it. Be humble, honest and calm, and go out of your way take the hits. But refuse to be blamed for things that aren't your responsibility. Force the problem people to do the same. That undermines the system, as your putting the problem person in the uncomfortable position of taking responsibility for his actions. The whole point of "blame assignment" is to deflect blame from the golden children. In my case, the blame regime lasted a few months. It collapses when the person pushing the regime is on the defensive too often. I think that they're right on this one. Since Windows 7, I may have traversed the start menu a couple of times a month. I use pinned apps on the taskbar or Start menu front page for frequently accessed stuff, or use search. Keep in mind that for most users, they are not running many applications anymore. I suppose that Cisco's experience collaborating with the secret police of various nations has seeped into it's corporate culture. I'm sure it started as the latter. Since Apple's success with the App Store, every vendor wants to turn their platform into a walled garden where they control everything. Cisco tried it previously with their attempt to marry a VoIP phone with an Android tablet. From an MBA point of view, Linksys is a problem -- it's a commodity product with low margins that was only acquired to protect Cisco's high-profit small router/switch business. Focusing on improving the user experience makes your $80 router a $150 router (ie. Apple's strategy in this segment), which doesn't help the bottom line -- the world doesn't need another AirPort Extreme. Instead, you can turn your router into a "monetization" machine and extract recurring cash flows without changing the product price-point in a competitive market. You're missing the point -- those people aren't your friends anyway. The fact that you can "like" a picture of someone's kid or say happy birthday on their Wall doesn't change that fact. Facebook can be a great tool for sharing photos and other things with your friends. But most of what is actually happening on Facebook is voyeurism -- you get to stalk people whom you sort of know. My experience is that Apple isn't that bad. I have filed several bugs with Apple over the years, and IMO their response is pretty good compared to other vendors, particularly given that I have no paid support relationship with them. The bugs ranged from AD integration issues to PDF rendering problems, to an ActiveSync issue specific to our unusual configuration. I do have an expensive support relationship with Microsoft, and I've gotten similar results for the same types of problems. We log bug reports, and the serious ones with business impact get fixed. UI glitches or corner-case Outlook problems get fixed more slowly, or only via custom hotfix. Serious bugs get fixed more quickly, and typically get rolled into a future patch. In the past, I've had similar or even worse results from other large companies like IBM, Oracle, Informix and Sun. Software has bugs, and low-priority bugs persist for a long time, for reasons that may be good or bad. In any case, posting expletive-laden rants railing against a vendor is unprofessional and unlikely to garner a positive reaction. You made his point again. In the golden Microsoft years, Exchange, SQL, SMS, etc all sucked. Really sucked. But you needed to take your medicine (aka buy the Windows platform), because the oxygen was snuffed out from the alternatives. Today, the tools are keeping folks on the platform. That's dangerous to Microsoft's well being. Obviously the author of this article is a socialist... The financial industry is driving innovation by applying the principles of capitalism. The only reason the bankers are lying is that government meddling is making their capitalistic process illegal. Of you want bankers to be 100% truthful, don't tie their hands behind their backs with quaint concepts like usury, proper underwriting of loans, etc. You also have a camp of people who wish to practice their craft, period. If your goal is to move up the organization, being a remote worker is similar to working in the Iowa field office -- you're not making the personal connections with the bigshots that you need to make to get the promotions. Being in the right place at the right time and luck are big success factors, imo. Think of culture as cooking. You can use the finest meats, freshest vegetables and highest quality herbs, and still produce an awful meal by assembling them wrong. But on the flip side, you CAN make a very good meal from mediocre ingredients by preparing them properly. Two examples form my career: Workplace A: full of smart, motivated problem solvers and "A players" who failed in key ways because a toxic culture just poisoned anything. People were nasty and busy protecting fiefs. The individual work efforts were great, but they couldn't come together. Workplace B: A place where there was a fairly broad range of people from marginally skilled folks to the super-smart where the teams just got along and had leadership that promoted cross-training and cooperation. People were friendly & professional. As a leader, doing the care & feeding to maintain good culture (aka making work a place where you want to work) is hard. I think that after you reach a certain size, 100% remote workers make it harder, at least for a core team. Also, your business requirements around security and other factors may force you to do things that will damage that remote culture. I'd ask you the inverse question. What monster keeps inflation so low as to make it impossible for regular people to earn anything on modest savings, yet provides a powerful incentive for wealthy individuals and corporations to hoard capital. Right now, people and small businesses are being starved of capital, because the folks with capital have no incentive to spend it. Question: Do you think that Microsoft would make a business decision to park nearly $60,000,000,000 in cash if there were a 6% inflation rate? Higher inflation would lead the central banks (who want lower levels of inflation) to raise interest rates in order to control inflation. We've been living with nearly 5 years of historically low rates of interest and inflation due to fiscal stimulus measures. The nasty side effect of that is that it is nearly risk-free for people with surplus capital to hold onto that capital. Generally speaking, high inflation is bad for savers. But virtually no inflation is also bad for savers, as you get no return investment without incurring significant risk. Absolutely. The notion that Amazon "subscribe and save" reference disrupted toilet paper in particular caught my attention. Subscribe and save is interesting, but paying 40% more for toilet paper doesn't sound very disruptive to me. It's cool for offices and people with more money than time, but not disruptive. When I worked at a fast food joint in a mall, our boss had us move the safe after the mall closed to bring it to a new location. Picture two 19 year olds rolling a safe on a handtruck to a rental van parked in front of a the mall entrance at 11PM. The mall rent a cop came up to us and yells "What the hell do you think you are doing?" My coworker snaps "WTF do you think? We've moving the safe -- get that door for us!". He did, and we rolled the safe into the van, then headed for our cars. The same toilet paper was $15 at ShopRite and my wife had a 3 dollar coupon. Sales matter! This is why when you hear politicians bleating about de-regulation, you need to read between the lines to figure out what they are actually saying. Conduct of markets so critical to our society need to be done in the open, in an publicly accessible exchange. Banks will not fix themselves, they need to be compelled to do so by strong regulation. For all of the hand-wringing over high-frequency trading of equities, at least you can ultimately figure out what is doing on. Bankers used to be boring people whose primary job qualifications were looking distinguished and having the ability to follow instructions precisely. We need a regulatory environment that brings that kind of banker back to the mainstream. A stable, regulated banking regime was in place in the United States until the 1980's and 1990's. The 80's saw the results of "innovation" in the financial sector through the implosion of thousands of savings & loan institutions. We didn't adopt our current laissez faire regime of "bankers gone wild" until the late 90's. My memory may be foggy, but I don't recall the period of 1945-1999 as some sort of socialist nightmare for the United States. Most people think of this era as a golden age. Regulation doesn't mean nationalization. It means that you put rules in place to do things like eliminate practices the fundamentally place the bank at odds with their customers. Things like using the customer deposits to make multi-billion dollar gambles (JP Morgan Chase, MF Global). Or subject the firm to tend of billions of dollars worth of liability that the firm is unable to make good on (AIG). Or commit outright fraud (Countrywide, Washington Mutual, Barclays, etc). I don't work in the financial industry, so the normal laws of business apply. If I systematically broke internal controls and rigged KPIs to achieve the maximum bonus compensation possible for me, I'd be investigated, terminated and likely prosecuted. Why shouldn't the guy managing my money have the same accountability? Using Joel's definition of inventory and then reading "The Goal" would be a useful thing to do. IT and software shops often have no clue about what is actually stopping them from shipping product. My question is: Why are people using craigslist? Fortunately for me, I purchased a home before all apartment ads migrated to CL. For the life of me, I don't get why it's so popular. The site is awful in at least a half dozen different ways. I am a member of a group that makes PC standards selections for an organization that buys 30,000-40,000 computers per year. We take stewardship of our IT asset lifecycle seriously -- over 60,000 devices were properly recycled last year. (Includes non-computer equipment and counts monitors separately) Apple was a small growing category for us since 2009. EPEAT is about more than recycling -- it's about reducing the total environmental impact of the PC. Everything from avoiding hazardous materials to energy efficiency to packaging options to end-of-life. It gives folks who give a hoot the ability to quickly do an "apples to apples" comparison of the environmental impact of various products. It also externalizes decisions. Should we not buy that amazing device that everyone lusts over because the bezel contains brominated materials? It's just a bezel! EPEAT makes that decision easier -- it's certified, or not. This is just one more example of the level of contempt that Apple routinely displays for anyone whose needs go beyond buying their products for MSRP at retail, I'm done with them. I'm not sacrificing our standards so that Apple can glue components to their computers. Thanks for regurgitating the Apple PR spin. Permanently affixing readily recyclable components like memory and batteries to system boards are not "superior" practices by any meaningful measure. They are practices that enhance the marketing segmentation of their products and make Apple more money -- while making recovery of valuable assets (memory, battery materials) impossible at the end of the device's lifecycle. Offering recycling of products is meaningless -- relatively few devices get recycled by the manufacturers programs (particularly at institutional customers like schools or enterprises). Why should I change my business process to make Apple more money? I'm not hauling thousands of devices to Apple -- particularly if I can save money by using any of a half dozen competitors. I have contracts with a half dozen recycling vendors who take my junk and dispose of them in a manner deemed acceptable by us. Some of them even pay us to take certain products. A "shiny EPEAT certification" means that I can call any of the thousands of recycling vendors in the United States and get my gear hauled off and disposed of in a sustainable and ethical manner, and at a reasonable price. No African children are smelting wires from equipment originating from my company. Memory from my Dell devices is recovered and resold. Batteries from my Thinkpads are dissembled and recycled. That webpage is part-information, part-marketing. It conveys the message that the company wants to tell. EPEAT's criteria come from published IEEE standards, last updated in 2009. Other vendors with similar form-factors seem to be able to meet the EPEAT criteria. The new "Ultrabooks", which are similar form-factor wise to Apple products, seem to be capable of meeting EPEAT Silver criteria. What is Apple's commitment? Right now they may meet EPEAT Gold standards. Will they next month? I suppose that I could hire people to figure this out, but why should I? There are plenty of competitors with quality products. Why couldn't Apple have proposed updates to EPEAT, if it's so hopelessly out of date? A: They hold the institutional/corporate customer in contempt. Early in the CDMA days, there was talk of mounting small cellular antennas on utility poles to speed up rollouts, especially in suburban areas. The problem is, managing tons of little leases is a nightmare, and the people who own telephone poles and streetlights (allowing you to have a few big leases) want an obscene amount of money to hang stuff on their pole. I worked for a successful Fortune 50 company whose products you use every day. I worked out of an office in NYC, and flew to the west coast every two weeks to attend a staff meeting that lasted about 2.5 hours. I literally earned enough frequent travel points that I didnt pay for a vacation from 2003-2009. If you work for a company like Microsoft or IBM or Bank of America, you work in a bureaucracy at least as dysfunctional and Byzantine as an average US state. The Federal government is a whole other beast unto itself, but there are probably companies as screwy as they are too. The fact that the private entity purges some folks doesn't make them better. That's a good point, but Microsoft is slowly working on that. The Exchange guys whom I work with live in PowerShell -- they barely touch the GUI to make changes to things. As the Microsoft Apps get powershell-ized, I think you'll see it become a bigger part of the environment. I don't know about that, the biased stuff is pretty obvious. For example, they ran a cover article a few months back about the poor helpless souls in the City of London and how the big bad bankers from other places were challenging them. I found myself laughing at one point. They are the best source of international news. My biggest issue with it is that reading it is time-consuming, and the weekly cadence is relentless. I'd argue that government is more pervasively corrupt today because it pretends to be clean. We aggressively try to stamp out "transactional" corruption, but pretend that systemic corruption doesn't exist. In 1960, a salesman would give a government buyer a bottle of whisky for Christmas. That's a serious crime these days. But today, we eliminated to a large extent the "upfront" influence and instead launder it through "lobbying" firms. A $30 bottle is a crime, $30,000,000 of advertising through a PAC is ok. Sounds like free advertising for Samsung. If the products are good enough that Apple is playing dirty tricks to remove them to the market, maybe I need to reconsider buying a new iPhone when my contract runs out this fall. I think they made the right call on this example -- the whole point of SO is to get specific answers to specific questions. This question is vague and without the context that a reasonable person would need to give a specific answer. There are plenty of examples of good questions being closed because they are perceived as generating too much discussion (esp. on the "programmers" se site). IMO, you've given us an example of SO moderation working. That's like asking "What is the best way to drink milk"? In the case of milk, circumstances matter. Is the person drinking the milk an infant? Lactose intolerant? Travelling? Going on a 1-week camping expedition? On a diet? Diebetic? The details are key to the question. If you answered the question "In a glass with chocolate chip cookies on the side", the parent of an infant following that advice would have a baby vomiting everywhere because they cannot digest milk protein. The database question is similar. Are you storing favicons or 10MB RAW files? Is the database an archive with low traffic or the next Flickr? What database platform are you using? What resources are available to the questioner? If you really care enough about this to understand the background, check out the old Stackoverflow podcasts: https://stackoverflow.fogbugz.com/?W4 (They have decent transcripts there) Jeff & Joel talk about the concept of what makes a good question a few times -- the way they got to there is interesting and worth listening too. Actually, the whole series of podcasts is an interesting view into the thoughts of founders starting a company. The other thing that I would be concerned about is her PR appeal. I have no idea who Google employee 19 or 21 is, and I have no idea what she actually did at Google, except that it sounded important. Yet I've heard of her, would probably recognize her in a news picture, and remember her name. I've had the opportunity to work with people who were very good at personal public relations, and based on that experience, I'm skeptical. Constantly selling your public image means that you can't be wrong, which always results in revisionist history and oddball situations. Hopefully I'm wrong -- Yahoo needs help, and she does have a good story. This is like a hotel manager kicking you out because you and your partner are having sex. Why? Because prostitutes have sex too, and we don't want our hotel associated with that. There are other, more troubling things here too. Materials related to the sale of firearms and ammunition are prohibited. Firearms in various forms are completely legal to own and trade to various degrees in the United States, why are documents relating to that trade of firearms banned? I also see that anything that incites, advocates or expresses profanity is prohibited. I would advocate that all SkyDrive users place a copy of the terms of service in their account. This should incite most people to express their opinion of Microsoft's actions by saying "Fuck you, Microsoft", and thus violating the terms of service. I guess I fumbled the satirical point that I was trying to make. Most folks don't read terms of service documents. But, putting this particular terms of service document on your SkyDrive and reading it would incite many people to express their opinion of the document using profanity. (It certainly had that effect on me ;) ) The key consideration there is how many consulting hours will you need to figure out how to build up and tear down whatever Oracle/SAP/etc software that you need to do your financial calculations on the EC2 VM. You may find that Fusion-IO is cheaper than $50 + 3 months of consulting time. I think the root of what this guy is ranting about is that many web people seem to confuse rapid release iteration with rapid engineering iteration. The folks who do this don't understand that the frameworks that they are using are taking care of their lack of forethought -- but will only do so for a limited time. Design, implementation and testing are different disciplines that are essential to reliable systems. You may not need to formally embrace all of them at a given point in time (or product cycle), but claiming that "testing" is a fraud or that "roll back" is mythical is just a demonstration that the speaker doesn't have a mature engineering background. I had a back injury that required surgery. Total cost: $150k. My wife recently had a child. Minor complications ensued at delivery. Total cost: $40k. My cost for insurance? $3,120 a year, plus about $400/year in copays. The gamble has worked out for me. Yeah, it's insane here. Note that my employer pay 75% of my insurance premium as well. I don't think the insurance industry per se is the cause. There are many issues that books have been written on. Fundamentally though, because we lack any basic "safety net", yet require hospitals to provide emergency care without regard to payment hospitals are forced to recover massive losses by raising rates for everyone. That's why a cesarean childbirth can cost $40k -- if a woman in labor who didn't get prenatal care shows up, they need to care for her and don't get paid. So we end up in this false debate where opponents to "socializing" insurance/medicine don't understand what is wrong, because they have middle-class jobs with paid insurance as a benefit. It doesn't compute for some reason that they are already paying for it! I think that self-affirmation makes sense as a counter to whatever is being pushed upon you. It's easy to get caught up in the minutae of daily BS at your job, and end up in a rut, thinking that something is wrong with you. I worked at a place where organizationally, we just failing. It's depressing working for a sinking ship, and as a crewman on the ship, you can feel like your bear some responsibility. I'd argue that prosecutors pandering for votes are worse than the cops in terms of information leakage. And while laws limiting access to firearms may be part of a longer term solution, we should be exploring limiting the celebration of sadism that modern Hollywood has become. ...but TW does. So they don't really give a rat's ass. At least we know that nothing will make Youtube comments worse than they are right now. I think you're missing the point. The problem is that when you go to hire someone, you get swamped by thousands of applications from candidates who may or may not have any qualification. So what happens is you apply filters to screen out people. One method is to filter out colleges, GPA, lack of work experience, underqualification, overqualification, or anything that isn't legally protected to get to a workable candidate pool. Another method is to only hire people you know, or people you know people you know. Still another is to build barriers (Civil Service exams, grammar tests, math test). The problem is that if you are an unfortunate soul who doesn't get through the filter (ie. 2.9 GPA, state school, etc), doesn't operate in you social circle, or doesn't know about or cannot get through the barriers, you're screwed. Really? Sounds like a great opportunity to blackmail the CIA to me. One of the disadvantages of committing illegal and morally questionable acts is that you become vulnerable to the consequences of the disclosure of those acts.