I'm not a lawyer and I may be wrong but can't we use the patent vagueness against itself in a sort of "patent aikido" defense. It's seems like it would be trivially easy to release this source code given the way the patent is described. This source code does pattern matching for audio, sound and music. I looked at the patents in question. They only discuss this method for use with "audio files", "audio samples", "sounds", and "music". However the patent doesn't cover other types of waveforms with changing frequency and amplitude. With that in mind, couldn't you just change the language used to describe what you code does so that in now describes other types of waveforms that are NOT sound, music and audio? It seems to me that patent lawyers can either patent the implementation or they can patent the application of their implementation. Simply changing the application of the implementation you coded in a weekend would mean that the patents cited no longer apply to the code he wants to publish. Also, if these lawyers have never seen the code in question. How are they going to know you released it if it somehow gets released anonymously? David O. Sacks founded Yammer to solve the problem of excessive email between employees of the same company. Actually I did eaxctly what you suggested and contacted them to lower my rates. After escalating my inquiry all the way up to CEO Vikram Pandit, I learned that they do just change the rate to 29.99% for no reason. Here is the email I received today from a Citibank representative after sending an email to Vikram Pandit inquiring what I had done to cause my rates to go up. "Thank you for your recent email to Mr. Pandit. Since your inquiry is related to your Citi(r) Bronze(r) / AAdvantage(r) card ending in XXXX, he has asked that I respond on his behalf. Unfortunately, my recent attempts to contact you by telephone were unsuccessful. I certainly regret any inconvenience or difficulty you may have experienced in your attempts to request a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) through our Customer Service area. Our goal is to serve our customers by providing superior service and products. One of the best ways to achieve this goal is to receive feedback, both positive and negative, from our customers. As the quality of the service we provide our customers is of great importance to us, I have forwarded your comments to management for review. Our records indicate that in October 2009, your account was included in a Change in Terms to the Card Agreement, which proposed to increase your APR from Prime + 9.99%, currently 13.24% to Prime + 26.74%, currently 29.99%. We consider a number of factors when changing terms. In order to continue to provide consumers with access to credit, we need to operate under revised terms, which include an APR change. These changes are being made due to the fact that our cost of doing business continues to be impacted by the challenging market conditions. Based on this total picture, we establish what we believe is an appropriate price for our products. While we realize you are not satisfied with the new terms, we believe the new terms are consistent with the current market conditions. As explained in the notification sent to you, cardholders were provided with the opportunity to opt-out of the Change in Terms, which would have immediately closed your account but allowed you to pay any outstanding balance under the prior terms. Our records do not reflect receipt of your opt-out notification; therefore, the new terms became effective on your January 2010 billing statement." You should also check out this article on Business Insider: http://www.businessinsider.com/citi-customers-reach-out-to-u... Apparently this was done to "force" to close their accounts according to one former Citibank employee who commented on the article. How about Portuguese? Brazil is a country that is up and coming just like Russia, China and India, making it a good market to get involved with as it offers growth prospects and market opportunities. On top of that, it's a great country to visit and vacation in. Besides pricing, be sure to keep in mind some of the technical limitations with Google AppEngine. Here are two serious ones: 1) Last I checked there was still no naked domain support. So if you plan on defaulting to http://mystartup.com/ instead of http://www.mystartup.com/ , you might want to check if this is possible yet. 2) HTTPS support is limited to https://mystartup.appspot.com/ . You CANNOT use https://www.mystartup.com/ last time I check. This is due to a technical limitation in SSL certificates that I'm not sure was considered at the time that Google designed the AppEngine architecture. There are ways around this, but it's messy and inelegant. One of the great benefits of AppEngine is using it as a cache server, because if I remember correctly this is either free or really cheap. I forget the exact details of how we worked this out at my last startup, but it's worth looking into because using Google's global datacenters for caching is much much cheaper than paying for AWS bandwidth and you also get much lower latency times. dotBen, I will contact the devs I used to work with and ask them about that and let you know. As someone who looked into phpBB and managed a vBulletin installation for a company I worked at, I will say that yes there definitely is room. I was also one of the first couple hundred users and one of the early active participants in two forums that grew to thousands of users (head-fi.org, thewolfweb.com), so I've experienced first hand the primary problem of forum admins: growing the community and handling that growth Here are the problems with the current options: -- phpBB and vBulletin are self-hosted. The new platform needs to be SaaS. -- Both platforms suffer from feature bloat, especially vBulletin. Forums aren't just products, they are tools for managing communities. Whatever product is designed to replace phpBB and vBulletin needs to begin with the basic premise that the forum participants are the users and not the forum administrator. -- phpBB and vBulletin right out of the box come with too many useless features enabled. Most are features you don't need or that you don't need until the forum already has a large number of users. They complicate the forum in the early days and hinder growth. A forum is like a shark. If their isn't movement/activity it dies. -- One key mistake almost all first time admins make is making too many forum "rooms" too early in the game. A forum should start with no more than maybe two to three "rooms". The software shouldn't prevent you from making more, but it should advise you against creating more rooms when the "activity level per room" is still low. The company who builds this software should actually discover the ideal amount of activity per room level to promote growth via aggregate A/B testing across all its clients forums. -- In fact, this previous suggestion is the first in a long list of features that help "prevent new forum administrators from shooting themselves in the foot" kind of like a safety switch on a gun. -- The new forum needs to be designed first and foremost to help its admins grow the user base and help stimulate user participation. This is key. Most new forum administrators don't have a clue on how to do this. I would say that the startup that tackles this problem would need to try a Mint Blog approach, which the blog educates the product's users on the topic of community management. -- Were I the product manager for such a product, I would read Clay Shirky's "A group is its own worst enemy" several times before starting and regularly while designing the product. The idea in that essay is really important to understanding the state of forum software today and the problem you are trying to solve. Avatars are an example of a problem with forum software today. The avatars in both programs can be modified to be any size and can include animated gifs and whatnot. Basically, the avatar features are currently configuration over convention. On top of that the current defaults for avatars leads to a situation where avatars are so big that they create a lot of whitespace between responses that interrupt the feeling of the conversation threads. Allowing animated gifs results in distractions from the primary activity. -- Invite features - Last time I checked, none of the current forum softwares are designed for viral/social growth. -- Migration tools are necessary. You should make it easy for phpBB users and vBulletin users to migrate to your new forum platform. -- Social network integration - The software should be designed from day one to have an API and to integrate with Facebook, Twitter, etc. -- Constant email notifications by default to stimulate user participation just like Quora does. However this needs to be simpler to "dial down" as a user becomes more active as it eventually clogs up the email inbox of that user. Quora's control panel for this isn't very user friendly as it is very granular. A better approach would be to sort the types of notification emails by historical frequency from those that user has gotten the most of to those that the user has gotten few or none of. This makes the decision very easy for the user and promotes them to only turn off the notifications that are actually inconveniencing them. -- I can cite at least one example that demonstrates that this is a product missing in the market: Zendesk. Zendesk comes with forum features, not because forum features are a necessary feature of a helpdesk, but because companies that need help desks typically need forums and there was no company that Zendesk could plug into via API for plug'n'play forum support. The forum software in Zendesk is adequate for most users' needs, but it doesn't scale well because it was always designed to be bolt on to the helpdesk itself. -- I haven't used GetSatisfaction yet, but I would imagine that this is a shared issue with them as well. -- Forums basically have two personas: hobbyists and shared-interest communities (i.e. head-fi.org, stevehoffman.tv, thewolfweb.com, church groups, etc.) and companies. That all being said, I would say that an similar product that is also needed, especially inside companies, is QaaS. Quora as a Service. A lot of companies want a Quora type solution first and foremost than a forum. I would say that Zendesk needs a product like a Quora-as-a-Service instead of a forum. I'm currently working on my own startup right now, but if someone were to want to build this, I would be very happy to serve as an advisor/board member for a small stake of equity. This is a problem that I've given a LOT of thought to and that I would love to see someone solve. why? The video for the app isn't very informative. It explains the problem, but does little to show how this app is useful and how it solves the problem presented for over 2/3's of the video. You sir are awesome. I am in a similar situation and this information is very useful. Out of curiosity, assuming I follow your advice to settle my debts, how would I go back to the US and re-establish a life there. Would following the above advice constitute "bankruptcy" or would it simply result in negative comments on my credit rating? If it would just result in negative comments on my credit rating, how long would they stay there? Apart from securing a mortgage, car loan or credit cards, what other consequences would I suffer upon my return to the US? What would I be unable to do? Would it impact employment prospects? If the credit collection agency violates federal law by claiming that they have ties back to immigration, what recourse do I have to file a complaint against them? It's the 7th of September, Brazil's Independence Day. Hmmmm... Given by the replies of others, I'm wondering if Google is showing a different homepage here in Brazil. It may help if you at least let people know the problem you are trying to solve with your startup or at the very least the problem domain. The reason I say this is because a good co-founder needs to be passionate about the problem. They need to be really interested in solving it to contribute meaningfully and come up with innovative solutions. What about living in a different country? One of my friends lived on $100 a month in China. Out there your 10k should get you 8 years and 4 months of living in Beijing. You certainly could last much longer in the countryside. You can supplement your money by teaching English. also, if you teach English in China, you typically get 16 hours a week of classes. This will typically net you an apartment and between 3500-6000 Yuan per month (about $450 to $800). You may be able to negotiate to work fewer hours in exchange for less pay and achieve your 1 hour a day or so dedicated to "other activities", i.e teaching. I'm in the same position right now. I am working on a startup with a developer buddy, but I decided to take a bit longer to launch to learn how to code what we are building. I use a 17" MacBook Pro for coding with Divvy to manage the screen real estate. I keep a browser, TextMate and Terminal open. Occasionally I will have a PDF open as well if I am learning something from an eBook. I also have a 30" Cinema Display that I use, but more often than not the portability of the laptop and the fact that I need to rearrange my windows when connecting the 30" display often prevents me from switching over to it. I have found though that the 30" display works well for pair programming if you enlarge the text in Terminal and TextMate or if you lower the screen resolution to 1920x1200. I agree with the distractions part. If I need to focus, email is closed as is twitter. Growl doesn't help either. sorry to be pedantic, but the lower bulk won't absorb bumps and drops. It will however reduce the impulse, because the lower mass results in less force impulse = F * dT F = m * a I would say that there isn't really a "Django slant" when it comes to UX and interaction design. Good UX and interaction design is completely independent from the framework you choose to work with. It's about psychology and human behavior and completely independent of the language or framework chosen. On the other hand, your choice of Javascript framework will probably have an impact, since they determine what UI elements you have in your toolbox. I would check out sites like A List Apart, 52 weeks of UX, Smashing Magazine, Boxes and Arrows, NetTuts, etc. to learn about UX design. That being said, it is my understanding that Django generally requires more configuration on a lot of things than Rails does. As a learner, this means that you may be spending more time on configuring Django for your app that may be better spent learning and applying UX concepts. Most UX happens at the HTML, CSS and Javascript layers of your program. On the other hand, I've heard more advanced devs complain that the conventions in Rails sometimes gets in the way of doing something different and that this isn't a problem with Django. If you already know Python, by all means stick with Django, however if you are learning the language at the same time as the framework, Ruby and Rails might be a better choice because of the company you will find yourself in. In my experience, I have also found that in general the RoR community is better with UX and UI, however I also get the impression that the Python community, at least in the US, is taking a lot more interest in excellent front-ends these days. It may be that the community in general is priding itself in UX or it may be that more startups are realizing that you can't have the Asylum run by the Inmates and are hiring full-time front-end developers from the beginning. Here's a list of UX Tweeps to follow: http://www.luminanze.com/resources/uxtweeps.html http://uxmovement.com/resources/4-best-design-pattern-librar... first of all let me just say ... it's about goddamn time they got their act together. 64-bit machines have been common for how long now? next let me say ... I hope HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript bury Flash quickly ... in a nice shallow grave. With IE6 dying, all that's left to bury is Flash. my man Pablo Picasso said it best: "Good artists copy, great artists steal." how are you going about shipping a glass container full of alcohol through the mail? When I visited the US recently to resolve some tax issues I tried to mail a bottle of Brazilian cachaça from NYC to a friend of mine in California. The US Postal Service, FedEx and UPS are refused to mail it except from one specific location prepared to mail glass bottles filled with liquid. On top of that they said that I need a liquor license to send beer through the mail. "The only thing worse than a pie chart is two pie charts." Edward Tufte You shouldn't use pie charts EVER, even if your client or customer requests them. Instead you should educate them why it's a terrible idea to ever use them and instead point them to the kind of chart they should be using, a bar chart. I find it kind of ridiculous that losses would need to exceed even $10,000 to be investigated. There's something wrong when a huge portion of our tax dollars goes into investigating, arresting and locking up non-violent offenders such as drug users and these cases involving theft are ignored. That was one of the only Mark Suster articles that I disagreed with. He made very valid points, but the truth is that since the IBM layoff of '93, there is no such thing as vertical loyalty anymore. The only loyalty that matters anymore is horizontal loyalty to your co-workers. Anyone can get the axe the moment a manager needs to meet quarterly or yearly earnings figures. Someone with a high amount of reciprocated horizontal loyalty can be of much greater value (and greater danger) to companies. When you hire someone with great horizontal loyalty, you get to tap into their entire network of former co-workers and they can literally build out an entire new department in your company overnight because they can bring with them all the right people. Unfortunately, this works both ways as these people can also take them all from you overnight as well. Does anyone know if there are any premade projects or gems for rails that include support for Twitter OAuth, Facebook OAuth, Opensocial OAuth and your own authorization system? This is why simple GNU/Linux based computers with open-source software should become the mandatory platform for schools. There's no reason that TI graphing calculators should be mandatory in this day and age There's no reason that you couldn't make a simple open-source web-app calculator that performs all the functions of that calculator. The TI-BAII+ is primitive in comparison to what is possible to program and create a web-gui. Heck they have even made their own iPhone/iPad version: http://itunes.apple.com/app/ba-ii-plus-tm-financial-calculat... No, and I will never install Silverlight to use a site that requires it. It's bad enough that Flash is prevalent. The last thing we need is for Silverlight to become popular. Any site that uses Silverlight better have a real good justification for using it over HTML5/CSS3/JS. Off to a great start so far. Here are my suggestions: -- Undo needs to allow you to undelete the last deleted message and allow you to undo a send for X seconds. -- GMail address book browser. I need to be able to easily browse and edit my contacts as well as add a new contact from the currently active message. -- Labels (yes, I know it's in the roadmap already). Especially and interface to rapidly add and remove labels like on Quora. -- Plain-text emails -- Mouseover/hover states for the menu buttons. -- Double-clicking for account preferences is not intuitive enough. -- Greater visual separation between read and unread messages. A little blue dot isn't sufficient. -- Ability to set how often is checks for new messages. Setting for 30 minutes helps eliminate distractions. -- It can be kept minimalist by only permitting certain actions via keyboard shortcuts. For example, there is no reason that bold and italics can't be made available via just CMD-B and CMD-I. Question: When I delete does it delete just that message or the whole thread like in web-based GMail? If it deletes the whole thread, how can I delete single messages out of a thread instead of the whole thread? If this progresses as I think it will, it looks like it will be worth buying. How much do you plan on charging for it? $19.99 is the sweet spot for me. You might want to use the Van Westendorp method to determine how to price it. Which community would you rather be part of? Anyone have the original job ad? I'm curious. This Star Wars quote seems appropriate here, especially given the hidden volume feature of TrueCrypt: Princess Leia: "The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers." I'm that founder learning how to code right now and I couldn't agree more with you. Been hacking away for a 1-2 months so far with a friend who is a developer. It's totally worth it. Best. Upgrade. Ever. I switched to a 120GB OWC Mercury Pro SSD in my MacBook Pro. The upgrade is impressive enough that I understand why some people end up ditching the optical drive entirely in their MacBook Pros. I honestly would not be surprised if we don't see the MacBook Pros lose the optical drive entirely in the next year or two. Steve is notorious for dumping dead technologies when the time is right and the CD/DVD is one of those. I haven't put a CD in my laptop since I bought it and the only time I ever use a DVD is to boot into the startup disk or watch a movie. The best decision that Apple could make at this point is to offer a MacBook Pro with either two SSDs, possibly in a RAID 1 configuration. Speed and security of data is now more valuable to the average consumer than the convenience of being able to read DVDs and CDs. The alternative would be to sell MacPros with one 60-120GB SSD drive to boot off and run applications from and a conventional HDD with 320GB+ to store stuff like photos, video and music on. If you are debating an upgrade to SSD, don't. Just buy one already. What do you mean by "how slow my programmers were?" Three possibilities: -- Possibly good or bad programmers, but slow as you imply -- Good programmers, taking their time to build the system properly by writing unit tests and functional tests -- Possibly good or bad programmers, but hindered by legacy code and/or a lack of tests for previous code Seriously!? The articles cites an "official" of the W3C and not the name of a person. Was it someone of important such as Ian Hickson or was it just some bureaucrat or intern? Who made these statements matters greatly and defines the line between news and non-news. This is complete non-news unless it was a person highly involved with defining or implementing the spec. The fact that the author cited Silverlight smells very fishy to me. This title and the entire article is just pure unadulterated linkbait. Here's my basic maxim: "Share as much as you can. Not as little as you must." What matters most is not what you share, but how you share it. For example, you can be transparent with bad news, but it's best to present that bad news as an opportunity or at worst a challenge to be overcome. An online reputation/credibility aggregator. Do the same for credibility that TransUnion, Experian and Equifax have done for financial credit. Aggregate the reputation of one user across many sites. Here are some examples of sites and reputation metrics to use: -- Hacker News upvotes/downvotes -- Quora upvotes/downvotes/followers/Endorsements -- Twitter followers/retweets -- Disqus Likes -- Facebook Likes -- LinkedIn Connections and Endorsements -- GitHub Followers -- Forrst Followers/Likes -- Dribbble Likes -- Etc. All the pieces are falling into place to establish an online credibility rating. Possibly even multiple credit ratings for difference dimensions like coding, graphic design, business advice, life advice, career advice, etc. Here's a possible use case of such data: Imagine a debate erupts between two users who claim to be authority. Maybe they are arguing on climate change. Each argues his side of the issue and makes claims. One has a high credibility rating of 720 and the other has a low credibility rating of 590. Others watching the debate can then take the credibility rating into account when considering which side to trust/support. That may not be the best example, but I honestly think such a credibility rating would have value and that we really won't understand the value of such a system until you put it out there and start seeing what others do with it. Social dog kenneling and dog walking. Basically AirBnB for dogs. Basically when you go out of town you can leave your dog with other users on the site who have dogs and vice versa. Every time you take in a dog of another user you earn karma points. When you kennel a dog with another user you spend karma points. Users get a certain number of karma points for free upon signing up, but once they've used them, they much take in the dogs of others to get more back. This site could also be used for dog walking as well. Maybe even bathing dogs could be included. The site would need a Terms of Use that limits the liability of those that participate and those running the site. Social Babysitting. A social network where parents fill out a profile of themselves and their child and the site tries to match up parents with children of similar ages and interests. The parents then can meet one another, check out each others homes and introduce the kids to each other to confirm compatibility. Once that is done, these mutually compatible parents can rely on each other to babysit each others kids when necessary. The site would keep track of karma points between parents. This would permit couples to have more alone time together without having to spend lots on babysitters. UserVoice for congressional districts as an alternative to lobbyists. The idea is to use technology to disrupt traditional lobbying to the point that it is more difficult for the bad lobbyists to have a negative impact. With the science of reputation and filtering systems getting better by the day, one solution might be a service that makes everyone a potential lobbyist. There are about 118,000 citizens per pair of ears in Washington according to Clay Johnson, author of the blog InfoVegan. The website I am suggesting would allow all 118,000 people an equal chance to voice their opinion. Those 118,000 opinions are then voted one by those same 118,000 people. The most upvoted items "float" to the top and get past the filter to the Congressman or Congresswoman's ears. If you also make it so that people can't link and vote for opinions directly, you remove the one major avenue used to game the system: one person with too much time or influence spreads the link to their idea to those likely to upvote it. Instead the system can be designed like a double-blind experiment. Ideas are stripped of names of people and organizations. The system randomly assigns ideas already submitted to be upvoted or downvoted to all participants. A participants ideas does not get submitted for voting by others until they have "bought" that right by voting on the ideas of others. Participants get a limited number of upvotes and downvotes to use, thus preventing them from giving out too many of one or the other and being forced to make a judgment call. Those are a few ideas, but there is no reason the mechanics of voting and reputation systems can't be used for this end. As I said above, this is a bit like UserVoice for government in that it allows users (citizens) to "lobby" the product managers (congressmen and congresswomen) for product feature requests and improvements. It would help us immensely if you tell us why 9 months and what you hope to be able to accomplish after 9 months. That will help us point you in the right direction. Barcalounger or Laz-e-boy are good options. I would also consider getting an iPad and using Instapaper to save all your reading for one big chunk of reading time. When reading time comes around get out of the office and go sit on a park bench or in a coffee shop. You can also deal with emails once a day the same way. To be honest, I don't think that would be all that hard if you use the bowling pin strategy (naming credit goes to Chris Dixon. Open up the system for only one congressional district at a time. Opening it up countrywide could kill it due to perceived inactivity. Instead you start with the congressional district where Silicon Valley is located. There's a lot of very smart people there, who typically have strong political views and are active about them. Those are prime early adopters. Those early adopters will also include many of the best and brightest tech and product minds who will give the best feedback early in the life of the product (just like with Quora, Forrst and Dribbble). Once it has a high level of adoption there, it should be making national news already. You then roll it out slowly over the most politically active congressional districts one by one until it's used all over the country. I would also choose strategic "trend setting" cities with high levels of political activism such as NYC, Boston, Chicago, etc. shortly after the congressional district where Silicon Valley is located. To be honest, I think one of the hottest spaces today is social sharing in the real world. There are so many possibilities it's mind-boggling. In this case and the dog one I posted below, you are sharing personal responsibilities. However, I think most of the potential is in sharing personal capital expenditures that are almost always at a low-level of utilization for most of the population. For example: -- Sharing cars/bikes -- Sharing toolboxes (in an apartment building for example) In fact, I think the apartment building is the perfect size unit of sharing for a lot of goods. The key challenge is developing the interfaces and mechanism that prevent the tragedy of the commons. Unfortunately I'm not working on this idea. I gave it and the others in this thread away to community because I'm currently working to make one of my ideas a reality and I already have a second one planned for when I'm done with this one. On top of that I'm not living in the United States right now. I plan to return one day, but at the moment I live in São Paulo, Brazil. By all means feel free to work on it, share it with others or whatever. I'd be more than happy to advise anyone who wants to work on it. I have way more time than ideas. New ideas appear daily. I wish I had as many skills as ideas. Can the person who downvoted this please explain why? I had an American programmer friend of mine that lived on $100 a month in Beijing. The university paid his rent. He was a teacher. 82%! Wow! Sensationalism at its finest. This title takes advantage of the fact that human beings are bad at processing percentages and most aren't familiar with Bayes Theorem. What are the natural frequencies involved? With the iPhone 3GS, did the glass on 100 out of 1,000 iPhones break and with the 4G, it is now 182 out of 1,000 iPhones that break? Or... With the iPhone 3GS, did the glass on 100 out of 1,000,000 iPhones break and with the 4G, it is now 182 out of 1,000,000 iPhones that break? As you can plainly see, without natural frequencies, this is clearly sensationalist linkbait. Getting started is the hardest part. After that you just need to pick up momentum. I completely agree. Companies change over time. The startup you founded with one or two other people eventually becomes a business. Now there are typically two ways of running a successful business: (1) culture; or (2) process. If you build a business with a very specific culture that you will love to work within as the company grows then great. However building a business is much easier than establishing a culture you want that grows with the business. Process is the alternative to culture as a route to long-term success and profitability. When you can't hire smart people that will maintain a company culture, you have to rely on process to scale. Even Warren Buffett once quipped, "I try to buy stock in businesses that are so wonderful that an idiot can run them. Because sooner or later, one will." Once you take you business down the path to process instead of culture, you are creating a monster that hopefully craps cash. Eventually that monster becomes so big and powerful that your position as a leader becomes a position as a process manager. Leaders lead people. Managers manage processes. Processes don't have room for vision. Leadership does. Once you have processes, you start looking for an exit strategy. Besides the issue of culture versus process, many entrepreneurs also enjoy the act of creation most. These entrepreneurs are like artists. Once they've created something, they desire to move on to the next piece once they are satisfied with their current piece. The different between the entrepreneur and the artist is that for the entrepreneur it may take months or years before they are satisfied with their current piece, whereas the artist may take days to weeks to months to finish a piece and move on to the next. Plus, deciding to move on to the next piece doesn't mean that you cannot stay on as an advisor to those who will continue to work on your previous pieces. There's one big problem with this app. The advice that girls give guys about how guys should behave/act with girls have about the same chance of being useful/correct as flipping a coin. Don't get me wrong, that means that 50% of the advice is useful, specifically advice like "pickup lines don't work". But other advice such as "be a nice guy," typically is downright wrong. I am aware that both of the above examples for and against the advice of girls could be picked apart as "straw man" arguments. I won't even say for sure if it's 50/50 chances or 60/40 chances of good advice to bad advice. I do know that the advice is bad advice often enough that guys should instead seek the advice of alpha males than girls themselves. It's like product management. Yes, of course you ask the user what they want, but you take whatever they say with a grain of salt, because rarely does a user know what they really want. Instead you should seek the advice of those product managers that are best at creating a product (i.e. men that are successful with the ladies) that the customers (i.e. women) love and can't get enough of. Girls often say they want one thing when they really want something entirely different. Their advice should always be treated as suspect, if only for the very truth that there are no universal likes and dislikes when it comes to women. As far as I can tell, it's the most fragmented market of buyers in the world. Github account or fake. Android or iPhone. Don't touch Windows 7. The media has completely fallen out of love with Microsoft, so by writing for Windows 7, you have a big strike against you if your app is the kind that would be eligible for media attention. clickable: http://hn-books.com On the other hand, you may end up with what they call a Kigyo Shudan, a type of horizontally diversified business group found in Japan. Such a corporate structure could be beneficial if there is a lot of synergy between the participating companies, especially synergies where individual companies can increase their value by strengthening business and technological links with each other. The Small Business Web is a group of companies that voluntary cooperate with each other for the greater good. Involved equity exchanges between companies should foster self-interested cooperation. However, I do echo Cubes' sentiment that any equity exchanges should not diversify founder risk so much that they rest on their laurels or focus on the relationships with others to the detriment of their own startup. Actually, this isn't a particularly novel idea. It's just that it hasn't been really applied to startups beyond FRC. Read about keiretsus in "The Machine that Changed the World" I agree. It is occasionally disruptive to the user experience. For pagination, this is a very minor inconvenience. However for topic threads such as this one, expiring links is irritating. I use it a lot and prefer it to "Ask HN:" HN is better for discussing third-party content. Quora is better for Questions since that is what is was designed for. The quality of both communities are comparable and I'm sure that many people on Quora use HN and vice versa. No 3G sim card support means instant fail. Seriously, this is a no-brainer feature. No 3G sim card support means instant fail. Seriously, this is a no-brainer feature. Why did this get downvoted? This is a machine meant for portability. Not everywhere has WiFi and when you take into account all the different wifi accounts (like boingo which is impossible to cancel), you end up paying a good portion of what could have been spent on 3G service. Also, not every country is like the US where wifi is ubiquitous. No. Just because I think this is fail doesn't mean I'm bearish on the stock. I'm as much of an Apple fanboy as anyone else (I use a MacBook Pro, Cinema Display, iPhone, etc. I've been using a MacBook Pro since 2003), but I'm not going to give them a free pass on a necessary feature in an ultra-portable laptop. As more and more devices come with 3G built-in, market forces would dictate that the supply side will change to meet this additional demand. One possibility is that more network will be built out so that people can have more than one 3G plan for the price of one 3G plan today. Thanks for the explanation. It's not really a netbook. It a full-fledged laptop, but minified. It has a good CPU, good GPU and plenty of disk space. No intelligent disgruntled developer is going to ditch OS X for Linux. OS X has 10-20x more userbase than all Linux distros combined. I'm not hating on Linux here, so don't downvote me for that. I'm just being realistic. Do they even have to get carrier permission to include a sim card slot for GSM systems? The only reason I can see them leaving this out is because unsuspecting users will end up with a horrible user experience when they get their first month's bill at the end of the month. Apple would have to create a user interface to protect users from themselves by blocking a lot of unnecessary inbound and outbound network access when on 3G and also showing them how much of their monthly bandwidth they have used so far. It's about time they sold something like that. I haven't used my optical drive for anything except the OS X installation and recovery disk. I'm assuming that this means that target disk mode now works with USB again. The only concern I see is pixel density. This is great for people like me with great eyesight, but I know my dad hates using my MacBook Pro 17" because I have the higher resolution screen option with greater pixel density. OS X needs to support pixel density independency for these screens to be usable for those with less than perfect eyesight. Plugging in a USB 3G Dongle all the time or carrying around a MiFi kind of defeats the purpose of having a laptop as small and portable as the Macbook Air, doesn't it? For me, anything that is constantly plugged into the USB is an inconvenience. That's why Bluetooth was invented. USB and Firewire are good for the occasional connection. The least they could do is treat the MacBook Air the same way they treat the iPad. They should offer two versions: one with 3G and one without. I may be remembering incorrectly, but I thought booting worked from USB, then Apple removed that option for some reason, probably technical, and now it looks like it came back. Interesting idea. They certainly could stick a lot more battery in there if they un-tapered it. With tethering you don't get "instant on" internet. You have to make sure your laptop is connected to the phone and that the phone is connected to the internet. The ideal solution is one where the laptop can connect to the internet as soon as you open the lid. That's about a 33% premium. Unfortunately you can't go elsewhere because the SSD industry is packing SSDs in a ridiculous 2.5" form factor. The industry needs to develop a standard size SSD for ultra-portables, especially one that Apple is likely to use in future devices. Good point. However, I don't recall Steve or any text on the Apple website that outright says that it is tapered for economics reasons. In this Stevenote and the previous Stevenotes where the MacBook Air was discussed it came across as if the the taper was there so they have another number to brag about when talking about thinness. That was my impression at least. Resolution independence really is going to become a necessary feature in the next year or so, especially given the pixel density on the iPhone 4. True. True. However something tells me Steve doesn't care what the carriers think or feel. I know I don't care what they think. In fact, putting more stress on the digital networks may give the carriers in the U.S. the ammunition they need to get the FCC to let them abandon POTS. The truth is that money going to support legacy POTS is taking money away from digital network investment. The FCC should allow common carriers to abandon POTS on the condition that all that money get poured back into digital network bandwidth and rural network expansion. I don't know if this is true, but I read somewhere that listening to music while coding can interfere with coming up with creative solutions when you are stuck on a coding problem. The reasoning behind this claim was that music "occupies" your right brain leaving only your left brain working on the task. I don't know the validity of this claim as I haven't seen any academic studies backing it up. Make sure you are writing good accessible semantic HTML to begin with. If your HTML isn't semantic, you are already starting with a huge disadvantage. Google is the most important blind user on the Internet. If the blind can't read and navigate your site, then Google can't index it. Check out Jeffrey Zeldman's book Designing with Web Standards, 3rd Edition, for advice on making sure you site is as accessible as possible. I use Click-to-Flash on my laptop and it's not until you install a plugin like that that you realize how inappropriately overused flash is. My biggest complaint is sIFR text replacement. Seriously, using Flash just to serve up a certain font for your H1 or H2 titles is complete and utter crap. While I do think that this is bad user experience for those buying the MacBook Air, it should help foster an overall better user experience for the Internet. With Flash not coming standard and Apple gaining so much market share, it will only be a matter of time before the percent of Flash enabled browsers falls enough that web developers need to start using more appropriate standards-based techniques. Adobe claims that Flash reaches 99% of browsers: http://www.adobe.com/products/player_census/flashplayer/ Once that hits 95%, I think we'll start seeing a tipping point. About 68% of web browsers worldwide currently have partial HTML5 support (IE8+, Firefox 3.5+, Chrome 6.0+, Safari 5.0+, Opera 10+). That number is 72% in the US. I give it two years until Flash and HTML5 are at parity with one another. Good point. Although this doesn't solve the issue you raised, one change I would like to see made on the browser side is sandboxed tabs. As far as I know only Chrome is sandboxing tabs at the moment. I'd like to see Firefox and Safari do the same so one bad javascript doesn't kill the browser entirely. One way those issues could be addressed is by Google page ranking. If certain abusive practices were highlighted as universally obnoxious, I'm sure Google could create filters to reduce the search ranking of those pages using obnoxious HTML5 and JS. My reasoning here is that the same executives and elements of corporate culture responsible for obnoxious uses of Flash and other technologies today are the same ones that push the hardest for SEO. At least at the HTML5 and JS level, Google could parse for obnoxious code, which AFAIK is something they can't do today with Flash. It's a bit of a stretch but certainly a possible solution. Read Zeldman's "Designing w/ Web Standards, 3rd Edition". That book will give you direction and save you a lot of time. The problem with HTML is that it is a pretty loose language and you can do a lot with it without getting your syntax right. On top of that you have a lot of confusion because of HTML 4.01, HTML5 and XHTML 1.0. Because of all that you will find tons of HTML resources all over the web that may appear decent, but actually teach you bad habits and old hacks that are no longer best practice. Zeldman's book will give you some direction so you don't waste too much time and develop good habits from the beginning. If it's not the first book you read, it should at least be the second book you read. I haven't read them yet, but Zeldman recommends the following JS books: DOM Scripting: Web Design with Javascript and the Document Object Model The Javascript Anthology: 101 Essential Tips, Tricks, and Hacks For CSS, the best resources are Eric Meyer's "CSS: The Definitive Guide" and "CSS: Pocket Reference" The current edition of The Definitive Guide is a 2006 edition. I asked Eric about a new edition and although there isn't a date set, he expects a new edition covering CSS3 sometime in 2011. Given that the author is interested in HTML as well, I imagine that he probably is more interested in JS resources that focus on the DOM and not on using JS as a general purpose programming language. However, I may be wrong about this. Imagine if they had included Click-to-Flash by default instead. Somehow I don't think so. Oracle is a pure B2B play. Apple computers are still a rarity in the enterprise, and in those companies that do have Apple computers are most likely not Oracle's target market. Oracle might try to remedy this situation eventually, but my bet is that it will be too little, too late. Given the state of things today, I would definite focus on web standards and semantic HTML. The reason being that any front end HTML you write today is likely to be used both on the desktop and via mobile devices. Writing good clean semantic HTML will help ensure that you need only write one HTML document that is then styled by one CSS document for the desktop and one for mobile devices. Plus writing semantic HTML will give you basic SEO for free. I honestly wouldn't worry about the JS frameworks just yet unless you have something specific in mind that you want to build. There's so much other basic stuff to learn. I would tackle javascript after you have a good grasp of HTML and CSS. I've heard good things about Zed Shaw's new book http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ I've also heard great things about Allen Downey's books on Python, but I am not sure which one is best to start with. Eric Meyer is the go to guy for CSS. Also check out "Handcrafted CSS" by Dan Cederholm. The only part of that book that is no longer a best practice is his .after float hack, which today has been replaced by the overflow:auto hack. You'll enjoy it. It may be over 400 pages long but it's a really quick read. You should be able to read it all in 1-3 days. Zeldman makes tons of link references throughout to a bunch of excellent resources, oftentimes the original sources explaining a new idea in web design. Make sure to check those links out, they add a lot of value and context, especially the A List Apart references. The last chapter in the book ties everything together and walks you through building the Agenda from NY Mag in HTML and CSS first and then using JQuery to add behavior: http://nymag.com/agenda/?f=agenda I second this suggestion to work with Compass/SASS. I use SASS and HAML together. Avoid the desire to work with one of popular grid frameworks like Blueprint or 960.gs unless you are sure that your project really needs something like that. Don't accidentally overlook one of the most important aspects of social games: The most stimulating part of the game for many people is how it fosters more interactions with those you already know. Many people despite having many friends on occasion still feel lonely and disconnected from those they know personally. Social games help overcome that by creating a habitual fabric of interaction between the player and the people they know. This ultimately fosters interactions outside the game, possibly in via instant messaging or conversation over a coffee. A good social game optimizes for social interactions outside the game as well as gameplay inside the game. Hardcore games permit escapism, whereas social games permit connectivism. Examples of features that I've see work well and conversations they fostered in real life: -- feeding fish "Hey did you remember to feed my fish as well?" -- stealing crops "Stop stealing my crops!" -- giving bath to your avatar "dude, your creature is filthy, there are bugs flying around him and everything. give him a bath once in a while" Start with "The Non-Designer's Design Book" by Robin Williams http://amzn.com/0321534042 You can devour that book in an afternoon. And since Typography is such an important part of design. You should read this blog post here: http://www.informationarchitects.jp/en/the-web-is-all-about-... and: The Elements of Typographic Style Applied to the Web http://webtypography.net/ If you have papers or a laptop that can't get wet, get a nice messenger bag made of Cordura and truck liner. I highly recommend PAC Bags, which are easily the best made bag I've ever used. http://www.pacdesigns.com/ Does anyone maintain a blacklist of "nightmare" people to do startup business with? Seems like this guy is a surefire candidate to be included in such a list. Pretty hilarious video for the new startup being let by Benchmark Capital's former Entrepreneur-in-Residence