>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com >An executable file in itself is not malicious Petty crimes can exponentially escalate if some particular aggravants are present. Example: 1. Steal something from a store. 2. Bring a gun. 3. Show it. 4. Discharge it. 5. Injure someone. 6. Kill someone. Each of these things make your punishment much harsher, even if your initial thing was to just steal a chocolate bar (1). Of course! That's pretty much the point of supercomputing. You would be impressed to know the proportion of Master/PhD students who are, in that sense, literal computers. >Check these 4,000 pictures and count the number of green dots you see, store it in an excel table. If you see more than five, send me an email immediately. >Put a 1 on it, then run it, then put a 2 on it and run it, then put a 3 on it and run it, go on until you reach 10,000. When you are done calculate positives/total and infer a p-value. If it is lower than or equal to 0.05, you're done, if it isn't continue until you reach 100,000. If it still higher than 0.05, we'll get you another PhD project. >From the set {a, b, c, d, e, f, g ... z or more} pick two, run the experiment with those, document the result. Pick another two and continue until you exhaust all the possibilities. And the list goes on ... I know the author is well intended and in the end it's her opinion after all. But many of the points she raises are naive when viewed from the point of view of someone who is inside academia. Someone going through a PhD could write a wildly different opinion. In the end it's opinions all the way down, but if you want to "re-imagine" this whole thing you need to start with a much broader vision. >They did the work No, they didn't. If you think so, then any consultant writing whitepapers for McKinsey, PWC or whatever should have a PhD as well. I'm not diminishing their effort or implying their content is not as interesting but a (serious) PhD is about the experience of doing the PhD. I know it sounds weird, but that's the best way I could put it in words. On this line, shoutout to Vultr for their support. Just today I opened a ticket with a relatively simple technical issue. I got a reply in 5 minutes ... yes 5 minutes, I couldn't believe it. My business with them so far is worth about 2 dollars, they will get many more from me, for sure! Hello 1hakr and congratulations! I was looking at your open startups page (love the initiative) and if you show the pageviews for the last year, you can see everything flat and then it pretty much explodes in December. What is the reason for this? Was this the ProductHunt feature? I hate being negative but this article, despite its good intent, just tries to force some very shallow abstractions to the point where it's ridiculous ... On the first example of levels, it's funny that 'guys that can eat where they want' are on the same level (3) as 'billionaries'. Then goes on with the very old (and wrong) belief that for a high net worth individual 50K is chump change and equivalent to a normal guy throwing away a dollar ... Then the "improved" levels do not really make sense as levels: travel freedom can be much more than expensive than house freedom, for sure!; also, one could engage in a philantrophic cause without belonging at the absolute peak of wealth. Another one is how at the highest level in his chart, he uses the expression "What are prices?", implying that people at the highest bracket just do not look at price tags anymore. Honestly, plenty of rich people live fairly frugal lives, while on the other end plenty of people at the bottom spend in a lot of things without thinking twice about the cost and its impact on their lives. And then there is no advice on how to actually climb such arbitrarily defined ladder ... Huh? What's the point of deploying AI with the same shortcomings as humans? >From a machine-parsing perspective PDF files are a nightmare. Can someone with experience care to explain why? Does it have to do with each letter having an absolute position on the document? I have no clue, to be honest. Embrace, extend, extinguish. It's the 90s all over again. Did you do it? More details on why this advice would have worked for you? >it's not very fun Sorry to hear that other people's lives get in the way of your idea of 'fun'. Huh? Well, could you provide an example of your idea of having 'fun' while in a car? Funny that both Honor and Seismic seem like good deals from a quick skim. Both have established their products and markets clearly, pull on decent revenue, have been growing continuously, no scandals, no weird CEOs, nothing illegal, no "break it till you make it" attitude. They are both on sectors which are extremely profitable and whose customers' churn rate is relatively low. SoftBank: Nah, I think I'll pass. Whoops, so long with the "no bullshit" policy. I stopped using them a while ago but for a different reason. I used to use their website to check availability/whois for domains that I was interested in buying. If it was available I didn't buy it at the time but until I finished the website/app whatever I was going to put there, this took me a few months obviously. It happened to me that when I was finally ready the domain had already been sold to someone else. This repeated five times during six or so years. Now, I know, "someone else could have thought the same thing" but I find it very hard to believe that it happens so often. These domains were a bit of niche words that were not hot topics at the time, some of them using fairly uncommon TLDs (like .one). Another weird thing is that they were always registered to someone living/or doing business at India, and it was a fairly simple landing page with a "contact me" link. I'm a bit superstitious so I don't think it was a coincidence. Now, I don't think this is a GANDI problem per se, but my theory is that they share this information (who is looking for which domains) with marketers or something like that, or maybe it was a rogue employee trying to make some money squatting domains. I would have expected this from BigDaddy or similar sharks, but from a company whose motto is "no bullshit" I had much better hope. Anyway, I decided to move (to namecheap if you're wondering) and surprisingly the problem went away. Nice to know I'm not the only one! :D >I recently saw a talk by Atwood ... Interesting, if you could share a link or some other source me and my dinner would appreciate it :) Thank you! s/after/before/ A testimony on how hard it is to compete in a red ocean. Ten years, big growth and still barely a dent on Google's share. But I hope you get there someday. Congratulations to the team behind this! Points of view ... for me the simplest explanation seems to be one linked to the other. The good news is that we are rational and able to find explanations based on evidence. Let's see what comes out in a few weeks. How do they know it's one single atom instead of a small bunch of them? Any insight into why? I didn't know about this. (Haven't changed my desk ever while working somewhere) IMHO assuming a 2% rate this early is a bit disingenuous. This due to the 8,288 confirmed cases not having registered an outcome yet . If you look at people cured vs. people dead, the picture looks much worse, but yeah a lot of variables still come into play (they were prob. the most vulnerable, they were the first ones so treatment may not have been the best, etc.). What a nice way to add to the conversation ... If you have something substantial to post, then do it, otherwise please respect the guidelines of this site ... This is more or less the thing with "Category Theory". Very fancy and neatly structured code but in the end you accomplish pretty much the same; and now nobody on the team understands a bit about what you're doing. It's more like: "Why would we use a framework that nobody understands but you, to accomplish the same stuff a few SQL statements can do?" The former option never wins. Nice preconceptions, they truly add to your argument. CT brings nothing new to the table in terms of "now we can do X that we couldn't do otherwise". If you can provide an example to prove its usefulness, please do. Funny thing is that every time it comes down to "just show me" the hand-waving and "you wouldn't get it" begins. Things that work speak for themselves. >you're scoffing at something you don't understand Actually ... I was also very excited by the promise of CT a few years ago and since then I have read a lot about it and I'm quite confident "I understand" what I'm talking about. I've been programming for about 20 years, half of them with functional languages (or languages with first-class functional constructs: lisp, haskell, scala). I have read the most famous books on CT touching on programming, some of them are signed as I have spent my own money going to some CT conferences and meeting with the people there. As a conclusion, I don't mean that CT is useless in itself. It definitely is a nice mathematical framework and has proven a great tool for a few things here and there in different areas of math. But in the context of computer science, as I said it before, it does not bring anything new to the table. (You beat me to it for a few minutes.) I second this, my work is 10 minutes away cycling, city centre is also about 10 walking. I know that not everyone has this privilege but it really puzzles me how most of my neighbors own (and use) cars to perform pretty much the same commute. Taking money out of context for a bit, when I used to own cars they also took a significant amount of time and attention from me. I know it may not be for everybody but switching to bike+bus+walk has been a liberating experience for me as well. A soundcha ? >there would already be much more deaths than there is now Why? People can be sick for quite some time (in this case, a month, maybe?) and then ultimately die from the disease, this is actually like ... the most common scenario ... I have been unpleasantly surprised by how much people struggle to understand this simple concept. Recovered / (recovered+death) is how you do it. It's common sense, come on ... >If you reply to any one of my other posts I definitely will request his aid to moderate. BACK OFF. Wow. I agree with you that the correct answer is "we have to wait more". And it's been almost 10 years since that. Like CRT's, plasma's burn in, but you cannot buy a new set of eyes. Nice "joke". You could get in real trouble for this, though. >Even more fun? You know who owns that yacht now? DJT. Any reference on that? >also play a huge role in automatic differentiation Could you extend more on how GA plays a role in this? I wish to learn more but don't know where to start. Any leads would be appreciated greatly. I have to ask, who is behind Pioneer? Looks very interesting, I would submit a project or two :D >No. Poverty is a lack of education and, more importantly, mentorship. Privilege is invisible, or so they say. This is an extremely short-sighted approach to trying to find an explanation to poverty. It is also a lazy excuse to avoid thinking more, because it leads to a conclusion like "... hence why they're poor. That's it." I hope one day you have the (mis?)fortune of living under precarious conditions, then you could judge by yourself if your preconceived notions are actually in agreement with what you will experience. And then we will see how long it takes you to "stop being poor", it shouldn't be long right?, as you, presumably, already know how to avoid making the kind of "poor decisions" that makes people stay in that situation. Edit: Check out this comic and see if it opens up your mind a bit. https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/the-wireless/373065/the-pencilswo... This point comes out from time to time, I do not agree with it at all. If history has showed us something, is that great people come from all sorts of backgrounds and situations, and that includes all sorts of families of course! >It won't happen man, don't worry ;) Fast forward a few years, ICANN v2.0 Proper math. It's also easier than you think, even a year of (casual but) serious study will open up your vision and make you feel extremely more confident with your work. I don't like giving you a vague answer to this but math is truly vast so it depends a lot on what you're doing. Tell me more and I could give you more suggestions. In my particular case, I started with Linear Algebra and that led me to some Applied Geometry and now I'm reading some (basic) things about Topology as well. I've also read a lot about Category Theory, in part thanks to HN as it keeps surfacing here often. Hey it's nice to see this here, I just got in last week, I'm the one with the "remote adoption" (for pets!) platform, something I wanted to do for quite some time but never found the right motivation. If Daniel or partners come here, I have a bit of (unsolicited) feedback: When you join late it's easy to feel like no matter what you do you will not be able to reach the top 50% just because of first-mover advantage. Perhaps you could try a dynamic where even latecomers have a good chance as well. Also, it would be good to be able to see all your historical activity within the site, as well as some kind of chart on how has your score been growing through time. I keep this in a notebook, but you could do it for all of us with a few lines of code ... Last but not least, it would be very cool if you could show the complete leaderboard, not just the ones above/below you. This is the main criticism I've seen here and there directed towards the scores on the site being manipulated. If you make this transparent, the problem will go away. >We want to make sure that companies don't offer lower salaries to immigrants, blacks, women etc. What? If anything, that would be an argument IN FAVOR of public salaries ... You're right. I kind of messed up the message. "It's easy, we only need 10% of the total economic output of California" Whew ... Category theory is fine but won't give you "anything new". I wasted a lot of time and money as plenty of big names were praising it (e.g. John Baez) so I followed them on a few conferences/talks. In the end, it's a nice theoretical framework to think about how to structure your code but that's it. If you do want to get involved (and, like me, are coming from a computational background) the book from Bartosz (i.e. the guy from the post) tells you enough to get a good overview of the thing; it's also available for free online. A second recommendation, a bit odd maybe, do not waste your time trying to engage with that community as most people there are incredibly smug and toxic (but if you don't believe me feel free to try it, ymmv). They are now pushing this idea that they're 'opening' the field to everybody and would like as much people to jump on their bandwagon, but they are just trying to get some traction to keep leeching off grants, etc... they couldn't care less about you, I experienced this first-hand. You can learn most of these things on your own anyway, as it is usual with most mathy things. I don't disagree with the premise of the post, when the time comes math will save your ass, for sure. Now, what works? As you mentioned linear algebra and some intermediate statistics would greatly improve your chances. I would drop some geometry as well, geometry has an inherent 'visual/spatial' feeling to it but try to learn it in such way that you become familiar of dealing with it in a completely abstract way. Regarding this, I have noticed a small surge in interest for clifford algebras, geometric algebras, etc... if you have the time pay attention to it, there are some greats talks about it on youtube and this one has an amazing community that I would definitely recommend to engage with. Also interesting to read about, some other algebras that are defined mathematically and are at the foundation of CS, things like lambda calculus come to mind. You don't have to become an expert on these fields to start seeing the benefits. Just build of the habit of reading about one or two topics per week, what they do, how they do it, and before you know a year has gone by and you will feel much more confident in your skills. Anything that requires more attention will naturally drag you to it. Finally, this guy Robert Ghrist is amazing (really!) https://www.math.upenn.edu/~ghrist/ , check him out as well, his talks and other content. He also wrote a book on applied topology (free online as well) which is amazing. Even if you don't understand anything about it, give it a quick skim to have an idea of all the incredible things math can you do for you that you could not have imagined existed! Funny coincidence, I just got hold of this book today. I know corona is a thing now, but it was inside a big box of old books I picked up from a friend's house so it was kind of unrelated. Nice to see it here :) Location: Guadalajara, México. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Probably, yes Technologies: Very deep knowledge of Node.js and the JS ecosystem (libuv, V8, NaN, ...); C/C++; HPC and CUDA; Scientific Visualization; Math (good w/ Linear Algebra and a love for Geometry and Topology) and a background in Genomics and Bioinformatics. CV: https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Email: hn @ moralestapia.com Hi! I checked the details of the job and I think I may be valuable for you, CV is at https://moralestapia.com/CV.pdf Only issue I can think about is that I followed the C/C++ path rather than the Python one. Not that I'm not good w/ Python, but my main strength is C/C++, MPI, CUDA and things of the like. I have a good background with math and formal training in genomics and bioinformatics, so that's always a good thing. I'd be interested in working with you, but I don't know if I am suited for your plans, let me know. You can write me at hn @ moralestapia.com Best wishes. >What makes you think that FB/G don't have the power here? They also risk losing that entire market as well. Let's be honest, nobody loves F or G. If a decent competitor stands up people will gladly switch, even more if they market it as "by Australians for Australians". SV companies are big and great and all that, but to think they are above state jurisdictions is delusional. Your input is great but it begs the question: why, then, isn't production being shut down during this time? Sure, but, >Do solo or small shop vst plugin developers make any money? I love/hate these kind of projects. On one hand they give amazing suggestions and prove useful to small scale devs like me and others coming here. On the other hand, a few weeks from now most of them will be snatched by squatters, essentially rendering them useless for small scale devs like me and others coming here. It is a great tool nonetheless, thanks for sharing it! It's not a "requirement" but by policing/editing content (other than what is explicitly illegal) you open yourself to a whole new set of obligations/liabilities that no one really wants to deal with. IANAL but an example could be: Someone posts a pirate ebook on their facebook profile. They can hide behind the "yeah but it was the user" harbor. vs. Someone posts a pirate ebook on a facebook profile, facebook staff thinks it's cool and puts it on a special themed section called "Pirate picks from today". They will be in trouble. >You're wrong. Stop spreading misinformation. Be a bit more tolerant of other people's point of view. Anyway, I think you are misinterpreting the intention of that sentence. It basically means that, in principle, the behavior of being a "provider or user of an interactive computer service" does not imply that it is "the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". But that does not exempt them from potentially being the actual publisher, and all the rights/obligations that go with it. Trivial example: Someone publishing its work on the web (hence becoming a "user of an interactive computer service") does not imply that they lose copyright; even though they "shall [not] be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided [...]". Again, IANAL, but I read a lot of copyright, safe harbor law, DCMAs, etc... and it goes like that. >Social media websites do not fall under any kind of "publisher" obligation No one said they did. But also Section 230 does not imply that they're exempt of that, in the case they become such a thing. And remember that those rights/obligations are acquired the moment they are exercised. Consider the following: Twitter (the platform), on its official twitter account (on their own platform) decides to publish something which has legal repercussions. Are they exempt of them because of that statement on Section 230? No, not at all. I believe that you and root_axis ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23331051 ) confusion arises from the lack of understanding of how Section 230 applies. From your own quoted source: "A defendant must satisfy each of the three prongs to gain the benefit of the immunity: 1. [...] 2. [...] 3. The information must be "provided by another information content provider," i.e., the defendant must not be the "information content provider" of the harmful information at issue." The moment you create your own content (even if you are a content provider yourself) you lose the protection of Section 230 over that. Editing/policing content is, in most cases, akin to creating content. You cannot make a list of "staff picks" and then claim that the content comes from other sources. Putting that list together (even if you're just quoting somebody else) is equivalent to an action of creation, you are the creator of that list. You chose what to put in it and what to exclude. You ARE the original creator of this and Section 230 does not apply for you. I don't know about "they" and "the guy". I was just explaining why, in general, content providers prefer to stay of trouble ... >[..., but] Twitter didn't do this. I was talking in a broad sense. I never accused or defended twitter of doing anything. Please stop making such weak strawmans. Regarding the rest of your arguments, you're basically agreeing with me with a different set of words. I am glad you got the point :). You got the point! Meaning that the statement by eanzenberg: >"As they move into a “publisher” role, they will be liable in count (sic)." Is not wrong. At least not over what concerns Section 230. To paraphrase and summarize the whole discussion: "As they move into a “publisher” role, Section 230 will not exempt them from what they do." $100,000 (!) Props to Apple for raising the bar on bounties! Well then ... A friend of mine was driving home up 101. There was a large boat sitting in her lane. She thought her brain was playing tricks on her but eventually figured out there was actually a boat sitting on the highway. She was able to avoid the boat. That's the problem with rumors. Yes and no, if you were driving based on a stream of fixed, low-res, low-framerate video you would definitely crash more often than you do now. You're also disregarding the (hugely important) role of other senses like sound and stuff like "I saw a bike coming from the right 10 seconds ago, where should it be now?". >the kinds of things that qualify as weird have definitely shifted Weird to think about what is considered 'weird' now, actually. For instance, more people have distanced from me after I politely tell them that "I don't do drugs" than any other thing I can think of. I honesty don't get it, but yeah, the standards by which people are judged have varied greatly with time. >Have you ever tried {insert recreational drug here}?? You're missing out, etc. Yeah I get that a lot. I get what you're saying and, incidentally, you made a pretty good point, "People distance from you because they don't want to be judged as weird themselves ..." Isn't this, more or less, always the case? The way I see it is some sort of 'tribal' instinct, us vs. them, kind of thing. The norms that define inclusion/exclusion from the group could change everyday. I find it frustrating and honestly quite sad how many people cannot get past this issue, and how many good relationships and opportunities never take off because of this barrier. Does anyone know of something like this but with editable cells? >Insurance is NOT a financial instrument. Insurance is supposed to be a safety mechanism that protects you if something bad happens. You will have an unpleasant surprise ... Sorry but two wrongs don't make a right. >It would be so expensive that you could cut the budget in half and just...go to the moon. Not even close. Very nice read, thanks. It made me recall a nice memory as well. A while ago we (me and some friends) were helping out in some hurricane struck area. We were basically cleaning and throwing away stuff. In one house there was a Disklavier that was ruined and almost completely covered with mud. We asked the owners if we could keep it and they were like 'sure yeah just take it from here'. We spent a good month just playing with it, taking out everything, then trying to put it back together. Aside from the physical keys, nothing was salvageable but it was a very fun experience. I did but didn't know how good they were until pretty much now that I read your comment :D. I remember I was overall impressed by the quality of everything, even on things that nobody would ever see. Your comment sent me into a rabbit hole where I didn't knew the Disklaviers were capable of measuring and recording release velocity. That made me look up which MIDI controllers do the same and turns out I have one that does (Axiom Pro), and since I'm a music nerd now I'm using that on some software synths (and want to learn the proper technique for playing with it, which will take me months probably). Thanks! >Grime music To each his own, I gave it a try and couldn't stand it >Self-hosting This may not be the future but I really want it to become true and am willing to devote significant money and time to make it a reality. If anyone wants to join me feel free to reach me via email. You read my mind, ilolu. Lately, I've had so much time in my life that I've been literally coding out of boredom. I am a great engineer with 15+ years of experience doing hundreds of different things. I do not need money. I need to feel, once again, that I have made the impossible, possible. If you wish to get in touch send me an email to hn @ .com. I leave it here from time to time and a few folks have decided to write back. One day, hopefully, we could be a community of sorts. (Audio/DSP) plugins are a tricky thing, it is not uncommon for some of them to have assembly or processor specific instructions to squeeze out as much performance as possible. Your 'budget' in this domain is limited to only a few milliseconds ... You are currently sending the shadiest verification email I ever encountered. Hard to define the null hypothesis on this one, to be honest ... >This is the Zune of phones to me. The Zune was a great device yo. From the slides, >5 turning points of SoftBank >1981 Big bet after one month of business foundation >1983 Fight against illness >1994 IPO, ventured into US >2001 Start broadband business >2006 Acquired Vodafone KK Lol, what about the one-in-a-lifetime investment opportunity in Alibaba, which they took probably by chance, and pretty much MADE the modern SoftBank. >It is normal to decline the business of people you don't want to do business with. Wait what? I would love to hear your take on this then, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... A comment on the side, >JavaScript Date is broken in ways that cannot be fixed without breaking the web. I really dislike the arrogant tone that many "new" people employ when talking about some "old" thing they are trying to "improve". (Quotes are there to indicate sarcasm). Date is not 'broken', it may just not do whatever the author wishes it did; it is not 'broken' in the sense of failing to perform its intended function adequately. I hope people could change their ways and be a bit more decent in general. Aside from that, I welcome the new API as I think it would be an improvement over what we have now. >I used to stay awake at night because it was finally quiet enough that I could concentrate. Same here, particularly during a time when I was living in a noisy apartment building. It was particularly difficult for me as I didn't to take sleeping pills since I'm a bit against those things. >Whoever cracks this particular nut without headphones and manages to create a bubble of 2 cubic meters or so that is silent from outside interference will make a lot of money. One of the first things when I got myself an RTX 2080, was learning how to use the ray tracing APIs to develop an idea similar to what you mention. I was using the rays to model the wavefront of an arbitrary source of sound, and then, given a 3D scene of a "room" or whatever, visualize how this wave was traveling through the space and reflecting over surfaces with different parameters. The point of this was to see if you could find/predict the spots in a room/house/building where noise is naturally damped. The visualization was very nice to look at as I modeled the wavefront as if it had an exaggerated effect over the diffraction of light on the air. I cannot find it now, but there used to be a 2000s or so tv ad for the Beolab 5 which looked very similar in essence, maybe also a bit like schlieren photography [1]. [1] https://ntts-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/t2p/prod/t2media/tops/img... Similar anecdote, I started developing apps for the iPad as soon as it came out (2010). Around 2014, a recruiter didn't want to give me a senior position since "they usually look for people with 8+ years of experience". ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ >Firstly, the video is low latency, which means that the time between you broadcasting and the time the video shows up on your viewer’s screens can be as low as 2-3 seconds. Excuse my ignorance, and I'm sure 2 seconds is probably an engineering feat, but I'm genuinely curious. What is it that prevents latency to go as down as a few hundred ms (pretty much close to and IP round trip) ? Not OP but (s)he never mentioned anything about shipping broken products ... I am also not a native speaker and I had never, EVER, made that association until now that I read about it.