Does Coin have a future business model given the introduction of EMV? Did Fitbit just waste money buying them? Handguns. It's sad. I wish Microsoft had improved and advanced GDI instead of starting anew with WPF (now Jupiter) such that we had a 2D UI toolkit suitable for the modern world instead of multiple competing, but only partially overlapping, frameworks (e.g. WPF is useless if you're doing native C++ and, but GDI lacks intuitive modern graphics features). What strikes me is how Microsoft removed 2D hardware acceleration from GDI+ in Vista (wrecking performance, hence the shitty XOR operation framerate) and then introduced Direct2D without providing a clear upgrade path for developers. What also sucks is that GDI and Win32 are so heavily intertwined it means that other frameworks (like WPF, Direct2D, etc) cannot integrate as well. When a new UI framework comes out, my test is: "Can Adobe build the next version of Photoshop with this?". WinForms and WPF failed the test because they can only be run from within .NET applications. I was hopefull for Direct2D, but D2D is only a drawing API, there are no native widgets. XAML with C++ is nice in Windows 10, but I understand your application must run in the sandbox (for better and for worse) and when you use Win10 XAML you cannot use any UI code that uses any of the old-world code (e.g. Photoshop plugins). I'm also concerned that XAML prevents you from getting lower-level control over hardware (e.g. Deep-color support, hosting low-latency OpenGL contexts, etc). The sandbox requirement itself kills it for a lot of applications anyway. Today, if you're writing a C/C++ program for Windows that needs to display a native Windows checkbox on screen (i.e. the Common Controls library or the raw Checkbox window class), and you want to customise how that checkbox is rendered, then you're still stuck with GDI - the WM_Paint message gives you access to s GDI device context in RAM - so you have to jump through hoops to use it with another 2D library or widget toolkit. How do I get an opaque handle to the window's texture surface in VRAM for ultra-fast painting or low-level control? About six years ago I pretty-much single handedly wrote the entire backend for http://www.ComedyCalls.com and other sites like http://www.WakeUpDialer.com , http://www.CallMyLostPhone.com , http://www.BirthdayDialer.com , and others - see the links in the footer. The PSTN system is all in-house (and we pay a LOT less per-call than what Twilio, for example, charges). I have a 25% stake in the company - but I don't get much money myself, less than $1000/mo on average. This is because of our thin margins, and because my other business partners own the other 75% (50% is owned by the founder who created the sites back in 2008 using cheap outsourced labour that I was brought in to rewrite) and the other 25% is owned by another person for historical reasons. Furthermore because none of us spend much time on it anymore - or get much money from it - we're all very hesitant to spend money on marketing or advertising (we got marketing quotes starting at $5000/mo - and my co-owners are unconvinced that advertising would help at all), hence the impasse. We do plan to create some new additional sites and services that have higher margins, including launching a "Twilio-lite"-like API which would offer much less functionality (as our backend is not as sophisticated as theirs) but would also cost less per-call. But that, too, would require marketing to get the word out. If anyone here is a VC or is otherwise interested in investing for marketing, or is a marketing expert yourself, or interested in using our system - we'd be happy to talk a deal. We did sell one of our older sites to a web publishing company a few years ago that went for almost a six-figure value - but unfortunately for me, that was after I wrote the entire stack, but before I was granted part-ownership (so I was just paid for my time: 3 hours to set a clone of the system up on the buyer's infrastructure). One of my "rivals" - the creator of WakeUp.io posted his site to last month's "Show HN" thread, now it's my turn :) You don't need to for most open-source software. You are free to take any GPLv2 software, modify it and host it on your own servers and charge a usage fee, all without publicly releasing your changes - it's an unforeseen catch in certain open-source licenses that only requires source release if the customer can get their hands on the binaries - if it's accessed through a browser or over the network then they lose that privilege. "but because we made the search while Excel was opened, the function was auto-populated in the highlighted cell." - which version of Excel was this? The desktop version (2010, 2013, 2016?) or the XAML version? I'd be surprised if Cortana integrated with the desktop version, considering Office doesn't run in Windows 10's sandbox model, and Microsoft is only allowing sandboxed apps access to the cooler features of Win10. He's not saying it can't be done - but that it has serious economic and safety hazards that have not yet been addressed. My theory for that is different construction materials: cars built in the 1970s and 1980s become rust-buckets quite easily - but cars built after the mid-1990s use considerably better bodywork materials that don't need specialist care to maintain, especially a lot more plastic. I drive a 2013 Ford Focus and the entire front assembly is plastic - no way that's going to rust or corrode. I'm almost looking forward to selling it for a good price after the warranty expires. The name given to the semesterly release of Windows that came out a couple of weeks ago. Previously code-named "Windows Redstone". And Windows 8.1 was effectively SP1 there too, which added back the start button and other features. If there's anything Microsoft is consistent about, it's inconsistency. There's a lot of bad job ads crammed with keywords. One amusing ad I saw in my local Craigslist was advertising for an entry-level web-design gig. "Requirements: Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and C/C++". Tell them I'll do it for entry-level wages if they throw in a healthy amount of stock/equity :) Modern browser extensions are written in JavaScript, making them portable, verifiable, and easily sandboxed - not something you get with an executable binary blob that until very recently ran in the same permission context as the local user - which on Win9x through XP meant root. Handily (and amusingly), Microsoft's Edge extension API is designed to be compatible with Chrome's - I understand there's a degree of mutual-intelligibility with Firefix too. And aggressive caching just makes sense - consider people today with 10+ Chrome Windows open, all with 50+ tabs each - not even 10 years ago IE6 still ruled supreme - with one document per window. And even then machines had similar orders-of-magnitude of RAM as they do today - my 2006 rig had 4GB of RAM (XPx64) my current machine has 4 times that. When I was at Microsoft (DevDiv) we used AD, Forefront Identity Manager and an internal webapp called RAMweb to request to join controlled groups. Them being Microsoft everything was in-house, though I did work on a team that did use some external resources - we traded passwords on an ad-hoc basis - "trusted" SharePoint pages or shared OneNote documents mostly - but this was never anything sensitive - think: accounts for sites like HackerRank or Lynda. All of the startups I've been at use LastPass Enterprise, it works well. Java and JavaScript do the opposite: null values are represented by the string "null" ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24591212/why-the-coercion... ) - it's conceivable many programs processing strings would assume "null" in a string comes from a null value originally. I'd have thought road-marking interpretation would nowadays be based on something more elaborate, such as HOG, without the need for an initial edge-detection pass. (But in this case, I'll add that HOG doesn't solve the problem of overlapping old/new road markings) Surely something like the Windows app packaging / sandbox model would be implemented in userland - how the heck could it possibly BSOD a machine? That's just astounding. Uuuuhhhh. There are plenty of games that came out even 10 years ago that ostensibly have the "Designed for Windows XP" (even Vista) badges but that which refuse to run on Windows 10. Often it's to do with how they do graphics, which is a shame, because sandboxing like this is a great way to allow graphics to be shimmed. It isn't. All four OSes share the same kernel and many userland components, just the "shell" is different. I don't understand how this leads to a root exploit - I assume c-ares is running in userland inside a user's host process (a web-browser) - or if there is a systemwide daemon for DNS or other network services hosting c-ares then it should run under limited privilege. Which component is already running at root that allows this to happen? Historically "Chrome" refers to the shell of a web-browser that wraps the layout engine. Both Netscape and Microsoft used the word (internally at least) for this effect, while later Google would co-opt the term entirely for their product name. But yes, Firefox's user-stylesheet for XUL is called 'chrome.css' (or 'userchrome.css', I forget). Still no cure for VBA though. Hah! Your first paragraph makes me wish this site supported Markdown. I'm curious what the use case of memcpy is in highly-optimised software. Are there any scenarios where copying bytes is better than using a char*+length tuple? Microsoft didn't want to spook Intel too hard, that, and they wanted to motivate developers to buy into the sandbox "Store App" environment. So long as Win32 worked, why bother putting effort into designing an app specifically for Windows RT/8? There's another reason for Microsoft to allow full ARM development with the NT OS: Windows CE is dead, and I believe many IOT/Embedded shops might be too put off with other embedded systems - and/or don't want to rewrite their ATM UIs or Factory robot arm controllers (both historically the realm of WinCE) as Android apps or "Windows IOT" UWP apps. So saying "Windows 10 now also replaces Windows CE" is a good thing, especially given the relative ease of porting Win32/CE code to the full-fat Win32/NT implementation. I think this will only be news if we hear them announce unlocked ARM for all phones and tablets. It's still possible unlocked ARM is entirely up to the discretion of the OEM, not the user. That chart says that "PC games" amount for maybe $2-4bn in revenue in 2014 compared to console games' $20bn - that order-of-magnitude difference doesn't sit well with me at all. Where's the source data for this chart? I find it hard to believe that mobile games generate 5x more revenue than PC games. Wolfenstein 3D predates the Gameboy Color by six years (1992 and 1998 respectively), and was officially ported to the SNES in 1994, the Gameboy's contemporary TV video gaming console, so this isn't retrofutristic at all. On the contrary, because it has a low perceived value they make up for it with volume. Look at how Uber throws insanely high paper-valued equity to its hires. Similarly when I worked for a startup I was promised almost a full percent of a company they expected to grow to a hundred-million dollar valuation. $1m for a year's work? Can't go wrong with that. (Side note: I didn't get the equity as I was conveniently laid-off a few days before my cliff vesting date. Lovely...) They're still in submarine mode, though with fewer employees there now than when I was there. They have enough VC funding to last them a couple of years of zero revenue, though a friend of mine who is still there says they've secured a couple of high-profile business deals. That's all I know. The founder has a good track record - though I think he's looking to sell it before it gets that big. My friend there thinks whatever stock options he has will simply be diluted by equity sales during future investment rounds anyway. Sorry, yes, it was to vest over 4 years, but extra stock would be added annually - so after 4 years my equity might be $4m cumulative, which is $1m/yr on average. When seeking unvested equity matching, what kind of evidence does the hiring company typically seek to verify your request - or do they just take you by your word? I wonder if I could apply to Google or Facebook and claim I have $2m of unvested equity from an unnamed startup... So is that why companies issue options instead of direct equity because it spares the employees the hassle of dealing with actual ownership issues (K-1s, additional taxes, etc)? The problem with looking at just salary is that salaries all tend to cap out (in my area, Seattle, you'll be hard pressed to find anything above $160k, when you get to that point compensation really starts to skew in favour of equity - especially as RSUs or Options - sometimes an order of magnitude greater than salary (e.g. "Partner"-level rank at Microsoft is easily $1m/yr in RSUs, but only about $200k/yr in salary. To an extent... but their swansong vision of portable OPENSTEP was quickly shut down by Apple, which is a crying shame because if OPENSTEP was still around it would be keeping Microsoft competitive on the desktop front - instead of today's languished desktop developer story which remains frozen in 1998 (for Win32) or 2005 (for .NET). Now that Swift is open-sourced, I wonder if we'll see a good Cocoa port to Win32 and Linux - because that would be NEXTSTEP's legacy. Apple pretty much said that Cocoa would be the basis for all future work they do on Mac OS X since 2001, and they've continually improved it, such as adding new widgets, adding functionality to existing widgets, high-DPI support, and so on. I see there's a lot of DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) going on: there is only one GUI platform and UI toolkit for macOS: Cocoa. While the groundwork isn't new it is kept up-to-date. Compared to Windows where the "original" widget-toolkit (Window classes and the Common Control library) haven't been significantly updated since Windows XP - Wndows 7 did add some new controls, but they aren't exactly easy to use unless you're already a very experienced C++ Win32 GUI developer. The old low-entry-barrier dev story was VB6, which had a mix of Common Controls and ActiveX reimplementations, then it moved over to VB.NET and WinForms, which is a wrapper around the same - but the last significant update to WinForms was in .NET 2.0 in 2005 - Microsoft recently announced that they would not be adding true high-DPI support to WinForms, advising desktop app developers to use WPF or UWP instead - and therein lies a problem: WPF and UWP are both completely separate UI and application stacks. WPF is not perfect and like WinForms, hasn't seen much of an update for a while (it still runs on DirectX 9) and UWP is just confusing: it's arbitrarily limited to only run in a restricted sandbox environment, the standard widget library is very anemic (e.g. still no tree-view!) and it shares nothing in common with the rest of the entire Windows ecosystem. If you want to write a "real" Win32 desktop application you're best-off sticking with MFC, but there's so much legwork that's necessary, and legacy cruft (I swear the MFC codebase is still C++89 compatible) it just doesn't make sense for small applications, especially line-of-business systems that face constant changes, to be built with it. Compare with Cocoa on macOS where everything: from Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop, to the built-in Jigsaw Puzzle mini-game, is all built with the same framework. > I think be the end of the desktop paradigm. Think about how today's businesses generally use their employees: let's not beat about the bush: they're using Microsoft Office for producing documents and spreadsheets, doing research with Chrome, and (if applicable) creating business value using either line-of-business software ("Bob's Car Repair shop database in MS Access") or specialised content-creation software (Photoshop, AutoCAD). None of those use-cases can be fulfilled by recent interaction paradigms (i.e. smartphones, tablets, or voice-control). VR's useful for visualisation, but that's a very limited use-case, and VR has been used for architectural and civil-engineering visualization for decades anyway (e.g. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2CYLlSn1gA ). Granted, when considering an iPad paired with a keyboard - we see some of those use-cases become almost workable again (namely word-processing), but it's essentially the same thing as a traditional laptop - just with considerably more painful precision object manipulation due to the lack of a mouse cursor. I feel the biggest paradigm-shift over the past 10 years is the movement of database business applications away from Access, VB6, Delphi, etc to be web-applications, usually hosted locally, and more recently to being moved to multi-tenancy, subscription-based services ("the cloud") - this has now become acceptable to businesses: the trade-off of no-longer being in exclusive control of their data is increased uptime, reliability, and significantly reduced start-up and (usually) running costs - and being browser-based this has meant a shift away from WIMP - where an activity is contained within a small-ish, often fixed-size, "window", to a "page", which has its own interaction model (e.g. no more modal windows because you can always open a new browser tab). The next iteration of human/computer interaction we'll see that impacts our (society's) actual working lives will be something that enables me to be more expressive without resigning any degree of control over what I produce - and right now nothing does that better than a large display which lets me interact with multiple applications simultaneously, a keyboard with which I can enter commands or prose almost as quickly as I can think it (with a very low error ratio too), and a mouse for quick, precise, (gorilla-arm-syndrome-free) content/command selection. Until something comes along that enables me to be more productive for my employer the desktop interaction model will still reign. "Media" is still too vague. I would be blunt and say "Flash-like content authoring tool for HTML5" or "HTML5 Interactive Animation Editor". I believe the aim was not to repatriate cash, but to help tackle corruption in India, which is endemic, and often takes the form of literally under-the-table cash payments to public and local officials, policemen, and the like. By eliminating high-value cash it means these illegal transactions become less practical: illegal participants must either use larger amounts of less-valuable currency (passing bricks of notes isn't exactly subtle) or use foreign currency (harder to launder). The hope is that people would find it easier just to keep things above-board because all transactions become electronic, logged, and auditable. Though I'm sure some enterprising folks will find way to electronically launder bribe money somehow - I expect a lot of people to suddenly inherit money from long-lost foreign relatives. https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2017-01/pho-lnm01031... According to the press-release, a difference in distance of only 50m from a high-traffic road creates an observable 7% difference in dementia risk. I'd say it's very easy to both live in a city centre and live 50m away from a major road. If you're talking about a VR-type simulation where observable reality is simulated, but our consciousness resides in a 'higher' level, then yes, something like what you describe could be an example of falsifiable evidence of simulated reality. But in the case where we, ourselves reside entirely within a simulation (or whatever) then we're tied, lock-step, with the universe's time, and any jitters or pauses (even outright simulation termination) would be completely unobservable to observers within: the ants in SimAnt don't recognise when I pause the process in Task Manager. I see Dynamic SQL being used the most for custom queries that require dynamic columns, or especially, dynamic ordering. Using sprocs won't help you there as you still need Dynamic SQL under the hood. I think the best solution is something like Linq-to-Entities with manually defined order-by logic for each query (e.g. an enum defining the sort-order possibilities) or reflection-based matching, neither of which is pretty. It's cheap in Lithuania and other countries because they were was no significant prior investment in telecoms infrastructure, and the costs of deployment are generally lower too (cheaper labour, easier planning-permission) - so when it comes to deploying Internet access to a previously disconnected community it only makes sense to roll-out the bleeding-edge technology (e.g. FTTH). Whereas in the UK, BT was/is obsessed with squeezing every last drop of bandwidth from POTS connections - because the cost of upgrading everyone's last-mile connections from copper (or even aluminium in some cases) to fibre is very cost-prohibitive: look at the sheer cost the cablecos shouldered during the mass roll-out of coax in the early-1990s (and even then, it was only to boxes in the street, not houses) - I understand their near-bankruptcy from this move lead to them all coming together under NTL and Telewest, and then Virgin Media. (The only thing that is inexplicable is how even modern, brand-new housing developments still have unshielded copper last-mile connections instead of FTTH: they don't even lay conduits to make it easier for possible future FTTH... idiocy) Give the UK a few more years and there should be a mandate from above requiring FTTH and we'll see progress: maybe even 10Gig FTTH as standard, then the tables will turn and people in Lithuania will be stuck with their 1Gbps service until their next round of major infrastructure investment, potentially decades away. (I'm aware that Fibre is generally more future-proof than copper, and a high-quality fibre line that handles 1Gbps today can easily handle 10Gbps, and potentially 40Gbps or even 100Gbps in the future - so my entire argument may be moot) > There was a great moment in a previous series where Hilary Devey teased out of an applicant that they didn't own the source code for their own website. (I applied to present on Dragons Den for a robotics project I worked on as an extracurricular at uni - I pulled out when my research supervisor advised that we'd have no chance of having a demo in time) I understand the Dragons are briefed on the pitches beforehand, and I wouldn't be surprised if they sent their own legal team on the projects - who would dutifully tell them what questions they should ask to the 'contestants' on the show. ...not to say they couldn't possibly have thought of a question like that on-the-spot, on the contrary; but given how fake reality TV is in general (and the BBC is no exception) I'm not betting that what we see on screen is exactly, and only, what happens. You could use Sqlite for persistence, but a search index like Lucene for full-text searching - and Lucene runs great in constrained environments too. On Windows, there's EFS and NTFS ACLs for privacy (and BitLocker, of course). For portable encryption you can use 7-Zip with encrypted archives, and as a bonus: 7-Zip's archive manager lets you edit text files in-place (well, it does extract and recompress them when you're done, but the UX is such you don't need to mess around with file management yourself). The ROM is their copyright, so this is the same thing as someone at Universal records 'torrenting one of their artist's discographies and selling it on a DVD instead of using their own archives (though this analogy holds true only if Nintendo acquired an originally unauthorized ROM dump made by an unaffiliated third-party and simply repackaged it in the Virtual Console - it could also just be the case that Nintendo made their own ROM dump but used the same tools as the scurvy pirates, that way it would still have the same ROM file header). I'm far more interested to learn if the Virtual Console itself uses any open-source code to power the emulator - and if it means there's a potential GPL or other copyleft license violation going on - because that would be deliciously ironic for their very strong anti-(unauthorized)-emulation stance - what better endorsement than to have your own open-source emulator repurposed by Nintendo themselves? I was at Microsoft during the "great" mid-2014 layoffs when they eliminated 4/5ths of all SDETs in OSG (the Windows org). My division was one of the least affected, but not everyone was given the "musical chairs" treatment to find another job internally - seemingly that privilege was reserved only for those at the top of the "rank-and-yank" pecking order - presumably to avoid those perceived as being less-capable from taking an in-company job away from someone else being laid-off who was more desirable to retain. (I had a friend in MSFT HR at the time who confirmed that the 2014 layoffs were conducted by-algorithm and were absolutely not based on job-performance - hence why management had to resort to creative ways to retain people they wanted). Even for those who were granted the "privilege" of applying internally, it was incredibly stressful for them because now there was rampant competition for a limited number of places. The QA/SDET roles were hit the hardest because most of the open positions were exclusively SDE - and SDE hiring managers are reluctant to engage SDETs. What about the cases where the film distributors charge $x for the DVD version and $y (where $y > $x) for the BD version? - and you licensed the DVD version but played a BD torrent? Even in the cartridge days, game-devs still worked on patches and improvements for later publishing runs, so there can be many different versions of a cartridge game - and maybe the devs might have had even more recent builds of games that never got published because the publisher ended the run - so it's odd for Nintendo to go for the 'easy' route of repackaging an arbitrary version found online, compared to going through their own archives for something more recent, and presumably, of higher quality. What's an OBOE? Microsoft's vision since attaining Bill Gates' "A computer on every desk..." has been this vague pen-computing drive that just won't seem to die. The latest iteration on his is the much-hyped and never-used ink notes feature in Edge Browser (deemed more important than Chrome-compatible extensions) and the otherwise outstanding Surface Studio desktop computer. If I was a C-level at MS I'd push for "A computer in every palm, running Microsoft software" - they failed with Windows Phone but succeeded with Office 365 apps for iOS and Android. I would swallow MS' pride and release a custom Android-based OS and encourage OEMs to adopt it with favourable terms compared to Google Play's. I think that would sustain the company until the next big thing. Oh, and research in self-driving cars. Everyone else is doing it ffs! (And "Make the Windows Desktop Developer Experience Great Again(tm)!") I don't think anyone was opposed to invading Afghanistan, and the dems largely supported Iraq in 2003 (granted, the country was fed false evidence). I'd say they only turned visibly anti-war shortly after the invasion and the capture of Sadat Hussein. Do you use EF at all? I'm interested in DNX but only EFC works on DNX, not EF6, and EFC is missing so much necessary functionality (Lazy-loading, Linq joins, Complex types, etc) it's a total no-go for the projects I do that all tie-in with databases. Isn't that because .NET's TTS is just a wrapper around OS-provided TTS services? For the past couple of years, VB.NET is becoming a deprecated second-class citizen language. While VB is supported by DNX, it isn't supported by ASP.NET Core (which can run on either DNX or the full NetFx). So you might want to consider your future language decisions in light of this. I haven't. I've been "loyal" to EF since the LinqToSql days, though I did use NHibernate heavily about 10 years ago. My main draw is the quality of the tooling and the nice EDMX model designer. The other draw is Linq support for compile-time type-safe queries (which I've noticed are compiled into good SQL with less mangling than I'd expect). I am guilty of not staying on top of trends outside the MS camp. I does NHibernate now offer parity with EF? I just don't want to write SQL/HQL in strings. Walmart Labs isn't their main IT/dev division though - aren't they more like what Bell Labs was to AT&T? VLC supports skins now, so you can trick-out your VLC installation to almost look like Winamp if you put the effort in. I work in WA and there is no state-required professional certification for software engineers, so no one needs to sign-off on anything safety-critical (where no-other class of professional engineer would either, like a HIPAA/PCI compliant system as opposed to avionics engineering), and that does concern me - because I would like the opportunity to both have the skills for safety-critical work and to be recognised for it. I feel it's important now with IOT vulns and data/privacy security, and as a side-effect those jobs are often legally unexportable. "Fixed wireless" systems like microwave and other line-of-sight systems have negligible latency (and considerably less latency than DSL which never seems to go below 20ms for me) and you can theoretically get gigabit speeds, and because there's no last-mile infrastructure besides an antenna it's less expensive to set-up too. The only thing you mention that applies is limited bandwidth: such systems only work in low-population-density rural environments, it would not work in Manhattan. There needs to be more consumer education to allow them to differentiate between high-performance things like fixed-wireless compared to running their home internet off their phone's LTE connection. Funnily, my iPhone's LTE connection (according to SpeedTest) has very good latency and throughput: I get ~10ms to my nearest major city and ~30mbps downstream, sometimes my LTE upstream speed is faster than my home DOCSIS connection. Alas I can't use it as my home connection because I need a static IP address and more than a few gigabytes of data-transfer per month (more like a few terabytes...) Example 1, if we're referring to the likes of Siri and Alexa isn't thanks to improvements in personal computer technology - said platforms send your speech recording off to a massive datacenter for processing, no need for 10Ghz processors there. Example 2 requires the use of depth-sensing and heat-sensitive cameras to avoid trivial "show a photo of an authorized user" attacks - that's not really CPU-dependent either. I read that "The Machine Elves" are more associated with LSD than DMT. Perhaps they activate different parts of the brain associated with object recognition - LSD for humans and faces, and DMT for insects/reptiles as other comments have speculated - it makes me wonder what myriad other substances out there that we haven't discovered yet and what otherworldly effects they could have. "Excel and computer skills" isn't CS - it's "ICT" which does not pretend to be computer science. When ICT as part of the curriculum in the early 1990s I think the country was doing the right thing - computer skills beyond using Facebook are essential and too many people still don't understand how spreadsheets work. In the UK you can do proper Computer Science in high-school at A-Level (ages 16-18), I did it myself - I'd describe it as a somewhat cut-down version of my undergraduate computer-science degree: we did briefly cover the basics of fundamental computer architecture, formal logic and logic-gates, database theory, and software development - the problem is that very few schools actually offer the subject (like 90% of schools offer ICT at A-Level, but I reckon less than 50% offer Computer Science) - and that's due to the staffing: if you can teach Computer Science for A-Level then you're going to be qualified to work as a software developer for a multiple of a typical teacher's salary. My only real criticism of A-Level Computer Science (at least when I did it) was that schools could choose between Pascal/Delphi, VB6, and Java - my school chose VB6 - possibly the worst possible choice considering both how antiquated it was (this was in the mid-2000s so VB.NET/C# were already well-established) but also, more importantly, how it's a poor tool for computer science because VB6 lacks class inheritance and instills bad habits (e.g. SQL concatenation). When I worked at Microsoft in the US, they took part in a programme called "TEALS" where professional software engineers employed by MS and other companies (Amazon, Facebook, Google all have Seattle offices) are invited to teach high-school AP class computer science classes part time, and I understand it's proving to be quite successful. I think this system should be expanded to allow other industries to take part - I'd sure love to have given chemical engineering or architecture a try in high-school - and kids often need decent exposure to industry if they've yet to decide what they'll do at university and beyond. Yup - though all the class literature was careful to use generic names like "spreadsheet software package" instead of naming Excel. We did get some exposure to other platforms though - we were taught about the existence of Netscape Navigator in 2001 - but naturally school computer policy meant we couldn't actually install it to use it. The worst part about my school's IT classes was how we were supposed to officially document our progress by taking a screenshot of the work we did, printing it out, cutting it out with scissors and sticking it into our classbooks with PVA glue - like right out of primary school. The fact we were doing this right into Yr.10 just felt insulting - and surely a better demonstration of IT proficiency would be to maintain our work-logs in a purely electronic format? Isn't using a backwards format like (literally) pasted-in screenshots the antithesis of information technology ? POSIX compliance is important if you value portability - especially for business critical systems (e.g. you want your bank's transaction processing data to work on IBM Z/Series's UNIX, whatever Linux distro they use, and say... SunOS). My main takeaway from the article is POSIX is too antiquated and anemic as a "system API" for modern-day use - however I'm surprised the article doesn't seem to touch upon POSIX shortcomings instead being a consequence of the UNIX design philosophy - a strong personal concern of mine regards UNIX-like's future development course - should we continue to uphold "everything is a file", ioctl(), and piping text-streams as the best way to build an OS? Curiously, the article chides POSIX for lacking modern abstractions (specifically, graphics) but I disagree - POSIX would be a disaster if it included anything like OpenGL or Cairo (case-in-point: Win32 is tightly coupled with GDI and now we're paying the price by being physically unable to do deep-color graphics in Win32 without serious hacks) - I think that (to paraphrase one of the UNIX philosophies) "small APIs that do one thing and do it well" applies to POSIX (as it does process and system management, and nothing else) and it has worked. Coming from a modern Windows developer experience - I think there's a great deal to be learned from the failures of the vaporware "object-oriented operating system" concepts of the mid-1990s and how the concept has been resurrected in the form of PowerShell object-piping and WinMD today and should be explored as the next possible step in OS design at a fundamental level - not just as a shim on top as it is with Windows. That said, UNIX and GNU/Linux have always evolved in small steps - pretty much every great-leap-forward is doomed to failure or endless ideological controversy (see `systemd`) so maybe UNIX-like OSes are not the right place to test new design concepts - but some new OS will - and eventually that OS will supersede Linux in the way many people believe Rust will replace C++. Judging from my own time living in Manila I can vouch for this. The middle class has been slowly emerging since the 1980s - thanks to increased education and foreign investment - but it's still a tiny proportion of the country. I used to live in Makati and when touring the rest of the country it felt like the entire non-poor, but non-superrich were confined to just that part of Manila. (Shout out to ISM Bearcats!) The income distribution of the Philippines, like many developing economies is very uneven, which leads to great disparities between median and mean incomes. I'm not convinced that GDP is a reliable proxy for "average income" anyway. Defined-benefit pension schemes are a problem because now, with the baby-boomers retiring, we're finding that we can't afford it. Many people can expect to live to 100 - that's 35 years of retirement after 45 years of employment when their employer probably only set-aside 10-15% of an employee's income for investment in the pension when it should have been 25-30% - so now the younger generations are paying for it - by using revenue generated from their activities to pay for the defined-benefit schemes which cuts into their salaries - and making them work longer years to make up for their own contributions. COM can be said to be overly complicated (at least not as bad a CORBA). I think WinMD is a step in the right direction, but both COM and WinMD are userland constructs and neither particularly pervade the OS (e.g. you can't pipe COM objects) > and it seems we both agree that "everything is a file" as a pure ideology is very worthwhile. I don't understand that ideology - I don't believe everything can be abstracted as a file considering that ioctl() breaks that abstraction. For example, what is it to "read from /proc/{pid for Chrome}"? Would you be reading from the process' memory space? Reading from a rendered bitmap of the process' main framebuffer? Reading a human-readable text file of process metadata? If it's labelled metadata then how do you deal with UX localization? Same thing when "reading from a /dev device" which isn't a storage device, what should it mean to "read from a GPU"? Yes, there were aircraft-launched ICBMs: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air-launched_ballistic_missile > But why should a web application willingly be tied to a particular web application host? Performance. ASP.NET wasn't originally tied to IIS - the grand version (back in 2001) was to allow any application to host a website too, that's all in the `System.Web.Hosting` code - along with Cassini for lighter workloads and "IIS Hostable Core" as an analog to today's IIS Express, but that fizzled out in the late-00s only to come back as part of the post-Node trend lately. This all dates back to 10 years ago: IIS7 introduced a fully CLR-managed request lifecycle which was was aligned with ASP.NET's own lifecycle, so the reasoning goes you might as well let the two become one-and-the-same - there's no point running two separate request pipelines (the webserver's and your runtime framework's) when one will do. ...of course this was back in the day of the "fat" threaded webservers, like Apache and Netscape Server - and remember IIS took it further by adding a kernel-mode component: `HTTP.sys` to get an edge over usermode-only servers. So far I haven't seen any work on reinventing IIS for today's fast and light servers like nginx where all people want to do is serve Node.js applications. (Real) Cadbury's chocolates or Spotted Dick? Not necessarily - there can be inflation without worker's pay increases, and inflation leads to more costly credit - so someone in that situation is twice as worse-off as before. Unless you have a variable-rate mortgage, of course. Legitimate concerns, but the UK now is a much smaller fry in the global market with considerably less local production - Switzerland and Norway are both out of the EU too (EEA regulations aside) and the products they consume are th same quality - I don't see companies going out of their way to exploit any regulatory laxness in the UK - it just wouldn't be worth it. Unless Ms. May decides the only way to save the UK economy post-Brexit is to change the country to a Laissez Faire model overnight. People already create and distribute patches for Windows releases: release binary diffs (e.g. "patcher" programs) - which has the added advantage of being much smaller and easier to distribute - and that doesn't even mean you need to violate copyright law anyway. I tried tryfs.net, but the Hello World sample doesn't work in Chrome: uBlock Origin blocks some scripts, but even after disabling uBlock it still doesn't render anything to the output area, it just flashes. The valuation makes sense to me. Their userbase is hard to monetise (I'd wager a large chunk of kids aged 10 to 18 with limited purchasing power - and the adults there are definitely in the AdBlock crowd). Things like premium site subscriptions and print services will only take you so far - and now that we're post-"mainstream Internet" its growth is limited to the rate people are being born and given its anti-establishment streak I don't think the site will last long in China. So if the site is making $10m/yr profit, 3 years' revuenue and no expectations of growth means $36m is a fair price. There is a case to be had for how vertical-integration makes businesses more efficient and means there can be some cost-savings for consumers (e.g. if Comcast zero-rated their own streaming video service and included it in their customers' cable Internet fees then consumers would save $10/mo they wouldn't be paying to Netflix - in much the same way Microsoft's bundling of Internet Explorer meant no-one pays for Netscape or Opera anymore). A problem with simplifying the problem to "prioritizing traffic" when engaging with laypeople is that opponents of net-neutrality can set-up a strawman argument presenting NN as "treating gaming and porn traffic the same as vital 911 and emergency services traffic on the Internet!" (i.e. conflating NN with QoS), or arguing it's only fair that popular services pay for the extra data transfer they use (that's what peering agreements are for and is unrelated to NN), or worse: proclaiming NN will enable child pornography: https://thenextweb.com/us/2010/08/19/riaa-speaks-out-against... - we should call it what it is: anti-economic rent-seeking behavior on the part of the monopolistic audience gatekeepers. I believe NN is an example of a "good" regulation necessary to enable free markets - I'd wager the majority of genuine (non-astroturf) NN opponents take the stance in the sincere belief that Government 'interference and regulation' should not impact ISPs' internal business practices - so you should frame it as something "that enables free-markets and increases competition which is better for the consumer and industry" (and avoid the R-word) > I am struck by the arrogance of the belief that the government knows best how to regulate this market. No worse than the belief that companies, in natural monopoly , will act in the best interests of consumers either. There are many places in the world where the government does work well and in the best interests of their populations - I'm disappointed the "government is inherently bad" meme is so well-entrenched in the USA. A strange thing I've noticed about telecoms in the US is that prices never fall - instead consumers just get more value and are constantly upsold higher-value offerings - this is not a bad thing in itself, but whereas in the UK and most of Europe I can get a a few gigs of 4G/LTE data for my phone for about €10 - something you'd have to pay $50+ for in the USA. The same goes for home internet - the cheapest non-promotional rate in my area is $45/mo for 10mbps, but pay $20/more and you get 100mbps. Why isn't there a sub-$30/mo offering? I believe these prices remain comparable to what they cost (sans-handset subsidy cost) over the past 20+ years. I understand your argument about how wireless Internet providers will compete with wired providers which would presumably mean NN becomes irrelevant - but that assumes the wireless providers are in competition with wired providers in the same way truck haulage companies compete with the railroad system. The problem is: they don't. There are 4 main wireless providers in the US (AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint), the vast majority (if not all) of the other carriers are MVNOs that run on top of the Big 4's infrastructure. The problem is AT&T is also a major wired provider (U-Verse), as is Verizon. Only T-Mobile and Sprint have no horizontal-business interests in wired networks - but incidentally note that T-Mobile and Sprint also have the smallest service coverage areas compared to AT&T and Verizon - in some parts of the country AT&T is your only real option for wireless service, and AT&T has no compunction with simultaneously selling you a $100/mo wireless plan with a low data limit, a $65/mo DirecTV plan, and $70/mo U-verse wired home Internet plan - where they would gladly throttle Netflix to entice you to watch your DirecTV service instead. The invisible-hand-of-the-market cannot solve this problem because of the sheer start-up costs of physical infrastructure needed to set-up a competing wired (or even wireless!) Internet service - and as we've seen with Google Fiber and municipal Internet services the incumbents quickly drop their prices to prevent these newly competing services from becoming established, if not being completely obstructionist as we see with Comcast holding coax poles ransom. This is why we need to classify last-mile Internet access as a regulated public utility, not as a captive market for rent-seeking companies. So in your example, at least, I don't see how competition from the wireless industry will budge wired services in consumers' interests, but instead corral us all into a much worse position. I'm on the Microsoft Blind forum as a former FTE as they don't (yet) revalidate accounts. MS was amongst the first, or perhaps the first, Blind forum. It started off as a successor to MiniMSFT so people used it to compare comp (salaries, raises, bonuses, stock awards) since then it's massively expanded into other companies all with their own private forums, there are also forums visible to everyone. The most popular thread in the shared Tech industry forum is "What is your age and base salary?" and it makes for some soul-crushing reading (e.g. late-20s kids at Uber SF with $200k base, $400k stock). Back on the MS forum, it's usually layoff rumours (one regular poster who comments on layoff rumour threads claims to be in HR), people asking how to get VSA severance, and people complaining about why Skype, OneDrive and SharePoint are so terrible. Pretty much everyone at the IC-level at Microsoft is well-aware of the systemic issues plaguing many products - lower management too - but these issues don't get fixed because of whatever decisions being made at the Director level (mostly of the "evil" kind, like how improving UI responsiveness won't raise profitability but adding video ads will, or how no-one will switch to OneDrive-for-Business simply because the desktop client actually works - it'll be because the sales team drove a hard bargain with an enterprise customer and now their poor users are stuck with it). I like to think I did my part - I made small UI/UX improvements that I snuck into my official feature work (it all passed peer-review and testing, don't worry) - things like bad margins/padding around controls, something with the wrong color scheme, etc. Nah. Home internet connections are still terrible. 2017 now and we still don't have IPv6 on residential connections (I'm on Wave and they said IPv6 deployment is still over a year away). > if the car's local sensors deviate from the gps data significantly, that should throw up a red flag to the car and driver. This happens too often for benign reasons (and GPS hacking too rare) for it to be useful. The GPS system in my Ford Focus jumps around wildly if I start the car in an enclosed space before it gets a good lock, and it can be thrown-off under bridges and around tall buildings as it doesn't have A-GPS (does any car have A-GPS?). The worst is when a poor signal is combined with road-snapping - I've had a lot of trouble with off-ramps on partially submerged urban highways, the I-5 in downtown Seattle, for example. I'm wary the Switch is simply too big and bulky to be a replacement for the GameBoy/DS form-factor that kids seem to go for (myself included - fond memories of pining for a GameBoy Color some 18 years ago) - smartphone games have effectively supplanted that area anyway. I see the Switch as a PSP competitor, but they'll have to try very hard to succeed. Assuming this isn't Nintendo's swansong and last hardware product I hope they release an Android phone with built-in (pop-up?) game controls and an official emulator/store app. Visionect have a 32" ePaper displays in color and grayscale: https://www.visionect.com/blog/32-inch-eink-development-kit-... But they're pricy: grayscale is $3600, color is $4700: https://www.visionect.com/development_kits The underlying display is still made by eInk Inc, who sells a very similar product on their own website: 31.5" instead of 32", and only in grayscale - but surprisingly: for only $2000: http://shopkits.eink.com/product/signage-evaluation-kit-v3-w... I plan to buy one of these large eInk/ePaper displays and mount them on the wall in my home's atrium where I'll display a dashboard showing traffic levels, road cameras, and a weather update. I'd really like color though, but $2000 vs $4700 - I guess I'll make-do. I got my dad an Amazon Kindle DX for Christmas 2013 - right around the time they discontinued it. The display still looks good today, though not as white as the latter-day handheld Kindles, and the product casing bends easily with slight pressure which makes the device feel cheap, though I appreciate it is very lightweight for its size. It'd be great if Apple's industrial design team did an e-ink iPad, they would be able to make it considerably thinner and sturdier. The wording of the article implies Amazon is shifting the blame entirely on the individual who typo'd: they indemnify themselves with "an authorized S3 team member using an established playbook..." ("don't blame us, our process is perfect!") There are process-fixes for this, such as requiring a two-person rule when at a production shell and modifying tooling to detect potentially unintentional commands (e.g. a SQL UPDATE without a WHERE) - but given what I know about Amazon's internal practices (i.e. the brutality) it wouldn't surprise me if they did terminate the unfortunate operator - not because they want to, but because AWS simply has too many large-scale customers who would demand immediate action like that. I remember the huge push when the iPad came out and all the talk about how it would replace textbooks and exercise books. It could only be because school administrators were won-over by the engaging user-experience - completely overlooking practicalities - back in 2010 even into 2014 iOS lacked decent enterprise-management tools that would enable staff to lock devices down as they're obvious distraction devices - things are made worse by Apple's decision to not have multiple user-profiles on the iPad and confusion with how Apple IDs work. I understand they've gone some way to address those issues - but other concerns still apply, such as the vision of a wide range of high-quality (and interactive, no-less!) iBooks to replace textbooks - simply hasn't happened due to massive cost of authoring even a single iBook. But the main blocker I feel is that staff (both teachers and school district IT folks) just don't want to have to manage them. I know an IT contractor who resigned his job at a private school after having to deal with setting up hundreds of iPad Mini devices for every student - he just simply hated the work involved. As Apple is neglecting the desktop market, they're just as well neglecting the education market: remember when Apple had massive education market penetration in the late-1980s? Now there's not even an equivalent of the old eMac unless you count the now 3-years-old Mac Mini models. But they've lost it at the high-end too: the MacPro's internals are now over 3 years old with still no update in site, AV pros are switching to HP Z-series and the MBP is high-end only in price and design: perf-wise it's quite lacking. The MacBook Air (with its low price to clear their stock) and Mac Mini are priced right for education, but spec-wise they're poor investments, especially as even web-pages now require beefy specs to display at a decent framerate (blame ads). Apple doesn't have that many engineers - they have a chronic shortage, I'm told - a friend of mine at Apple worked on a major built-in iOS app and said his team was only "8 people, including PMs" - and given iOS devices alone are the majority of Apple's revenue it makes sense for them to allocate resources where they're needed to maintain cashflow, which necessarily means neglecting less-popular lines (namely the MacPro). ...which is further evidence of the amazing foresight Apple had in basing macOS on an open-source core (BSD): it means Apple doesn't need to expend resources on maintaining critical functionality that isn't central to their profit strategy (e.g. BSD userland) (and it's why I believe the open-sourcing of key parts of the NT kernel and userland will happen eventually) I'd argue the screen resolution is poor 1440x900 in a 13" screen considering I have a 7-year-old Sony Vaio 13" with a 1920x1080 display, and the ever-increasing number of 4K Windows laptops you can buy at a similar price-point. macOS' UI is clearly optimized for retina displays now and the information-density is low, heck I find the default workspace on the 15" MacBook Pro very limiting. I'll concede the rest of the MacBook Air's current specs are acceptable though the processor is 2 years old at this point, but I believe CPU performance has plateaued over the past 4 years, and Apple did recently bump the RAM to 8GB - but they were still selling 4GB until Q2 2016. The only other negative is the wimpy GPU, the Intel HD Graphics 6000, which scores worse[1] than an entry-level NVIDIA GTS 250[2] - a card released 8 years ago. That's embarrassing! [1]: Intel HD 6000, released 2014, Score of 823 - http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.php?gpu=Intel+HD+6000&... [2]: NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250, released March 2009, Score of 898 - http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.php?gpu=GeForce+GTS+25... Right, I'd rather live in a fiefdom. I suspect it would still render to 900, then downscale to 720 Is water different? I lived in a complex (of about 40x 2-3 storey buildings with ~12 apartments each) where they said the water bill was the building total divided by the number of apartments in the building. I wasn't complaining because it was so cheap, but I wondered if it was legal. I'd wager LS users are more tech-savvy and less likely to be using more mainstream tools like Norton or McAfee - they want one tool that gives them control over what programs have network access, not a bloated adware platform. Through P/Invoke, sure. But WinForms, WPF, and UWP (and Silverlight, and XNA) are not part of .NET Core by-design. Though I assume someone will port Xamarin over, if they haven't done already. I'd love to see SDL support so OpenRA can have another build target.