> I think we need to foster a culture of honesty and rigor. Of good science. Which is decidedly different from fostering a culture of "repetition" for its own sake. That is not sufficient. Honesty and rigor is of course required for good science, but it is not sufficient. Even if honesty and rigor you WILL still get false positives. Statistics is used to measure how likely this is. Statistical methods do nothing to tell you if any particular case happens to be a false positive. For many studies a confidence of 95% is considered good enough to publish, but if you do the math that means a honest researcher who publishes 20 such studies has probably published one false result! If there are 20 studies published in a journal statistically one is false. Thus replication is important. It gets worse though, the unexpected is published more often - if it is true it means a major change to our current theories and this is important to published. However our theories have been created and refined over many years, it is somewhat unlikely they are wrong (but not impossible). Or to put it a different way, if I carefully drop big and small rocks off the leaning town of Pisa and measure that the large rock "falls faster" that is more likely to be published than if I found they fell at the same speed. I think most of us would be suspicious of that result, but after examining my "methods and data" will not show any mistake I made. Most science is in areas where wrong results are not so obvious. > It's impossible to re-verify every single paper you read True, but somebody needs to re-verify every paper. It need not be you personally, but someone needs to. Meta-analysis only works if people re-verify every paper. Note that you don't need to do the exact experiment, verifying results with a different experiment design is probably more useful than repeating the exact same experiment: it might by chance remove a design factors that we don't even know we need to account for yet. > And I'm pretty sure literally no scientist takes a paper's own description of its results at face value without reading through methods and looking at (at least) a summary of the data. I hope not, but even if they check out, it doesn't follow that things are correct. Maybe something wasn't calibrated correctly and that wasn't noticed. Maybe there are other random factors nobody knows to account for today. The above all assumes that good science is possible. In medical fields you may only have a few case studies: several different doctors saw different people each with some rare disease, tried some treatment and got some result. There is no control, no blinding, and a sample size of 1. But it is a rare disease so you cannot do better. > There is no reason we should spend extra effort on kids that have that much difficulty learning or hate school that much. The kid isn't likely to come out that much better in the long run. Source needed if you want to make that a fact... I disagree. While I want to best students to get help to be better (they are the ones who can handled difficult but important fields, and can make the next breakthroughs to make my life better), I also do not want to be supporting the worst students in Prison or Welfare, as both are a drain on society. I'm willing to accept the kids with Downs syndrome (to name just one) will never have the mental capacity to amount to much, the next level up can at least support themselves if we give them help. Low skill manufacturing jobs are gone and they will not come back. Robots are too cheap (even in places like China or India where labor is much cheaper than the US robots can still out compete humans for some tasks). The only chance those below average kids have is if we give them enough education now that they can handle a the simpler tasks that require a brain. Science fiction can tackle the problem of what do we do when AI is "smarter" than humans. It is an interesting problem. The reality for the next half lifetime at least is AI will not be able to beat humans in many of the jobs that require an education. Thus I want everyone who could get an education to get one. Unemployment is highest amount the young. Sounds to me like companies are screwing themselves by not hiring the young before the old people retire so that there is a continual pool of people to replace those that retire. This isn't a new thing. the company I'm working for now made that mistake in the 1980's - we were forced to have our first layoffs and for 20 years after almost nobody was hired (our corporate culture is very much based on once you are hired you have a job for life if you want it)... Now there is a plan in place to ensure that a few young people are hired even in the bad years so that retirement doesn't cost too much. It probably does approach 0. The truck is going anyway, most of the cost of a truck is wind resistance so adding more books up to the weight limit is close to zero. Amazon is probably never shipping a single book, they are using analytics to decide if they should ship a case of books. If they think you are 90% likely to buy a book tomorrow but you are the only one who will it isn't worth the risk. If they decide 100 people are 50% likely to buy a book, sending a box of 100 books is a good investment - if 50 people buy tomorrow that implies 40 will buy the next day and 30 the day after and then 45 the next day and so on for a few weeks/months as sales slowly drop to zero. True (for some processors), but if you are doing packaged structs that should imply you have a reason to tell the compiler you know better than it how to write the struct. That most often (in my experience) means the struct is used for data interchange (ie network or files) and so you have to pay that price for byte access because byte access is a requirement. The other time to do that you might do this is when your are memory constrained and so you are willing to pay a runtime cost just to save a couple bytes of precious memory. I have encountered the first often in the real world: networks are very common. I have only seen the latter one 8 bit CPUs (there they are paying a price to access bits not bytes) Bitfields orders are "implementation defined". So you need to ask the vendor of every compiler you support what the compiler does. Once you know what the compilers you support do you can write code specific for them and everything works great. It is only when someone tried a different compiler (including an upgrade of the existing one) that you can run into problems. Non profits have to watch the rules about lobbying. I'd be surprised if Mozilla could do anything usefully. Some MUAs are pretty slow. It isn't hard to do better than a few of the MUAs I've used, and webmail often is better just because more people use them so more optimization has gone into them. I think this is the main one. Webmail often has a really fast pipe to the email storage, which means it can get the headers faster and then extract only the parts it needs. Webmail is not required to use IMAP (though many do) an optimized protocol can offer advantages. Because I have interests other than running my own email server. I am capable of running my own email server. I'm also capable of taking my own garbage to the dump every week. I'm capable of removing my own appendix if that is required (under self administered local anesthesia). I hire those things done because I have better things to do with my time. I got tired of keeping up with the latest anti-spam best practices. I can pay someone $15/month to make the weekly trip to the local dump saving me an hour every week (I believe the dump charges a dumping fee as well which makes the math more in my favor). I can pay someone else to go to medical school thus saving me the time it takes. I would rather play with my kids, and if I can ever get them to sleep I have plenty of other things I enjoy doing. FastMail is a cheap and easy option to email. They provide some services that I value over what free accounts have. It is a compromise, but everything is. I freely admit that I was failing at administering my own email servers: I never did get some anti-spam thing in place so a few domains rejected everything I sent. I got about 100 spam messages in my inbox every day (my filters caught 3 for each they let through). With Fastmail everyone accepts my email, and I get about one spam message a week which I can handle. My tax returns are emailed to me. Even though I have never needed them I'm legally required to save them for 7 years just in case. I have a number of other emails in the old list that I don't expect to ever need again but they are still relevant to something and I need to keep them just in case. Odds are my house will not burn down, but I still have fire insurance - most of my old emails are like that: I don't believe I will ever need them but I can't prove it. At work I've discovered outlook has an expires after tag that I can set on each email - I set this on everything I save which keeps my saved messages clean. I haven't found a convent way to do that with anything else though I understand something like it exists. I've always wanted to try putting a trackball on the floor, I've heard it is great for window selection. (I use focus follow mouse - if you are stuck on something other than a X this may not apply) I don't know of any current computer that will not allow you to plug more than one pointer device into it. Why limit yourself to just one, get them both and see what you use. Some computers even let each device control a separate pointer which might be useful - or might be a big pain. Only you can know what will work for you. If the struct is byte, machine word, byte, machine word there is no way to pull that off. WalMart has experts, but they are already busy current problems. To get into online needs experts who spend their time on the problem - but WalMart cannot afford to let their current experts leave their current jobs or the company would go under. That isn't to say WalMart can't (or shouldn't) transfer some of their experts to Jet, and some Jet experts elsewhere. Just that they cannot afford to lose all their experts in the core business to the online dream. I too expect this to turn out to be a terrible decision, but I've been proven wrong on my expectations before. Reasons like the above is generally why. True, but every time I choose that option Amazon takes a week before they even ship anything. (it then arrives in a few days) Back before prime everything I ordered from Amazon shipped next day, or I got an out of stock email and the rest shipped the next day and arrived in a few days. Sure free shipping was advertised as whenever, but the reality was free shipping used to mean about a week not it means 2 weeks to a month. This is a massive loss in satisfaction. There are many things that waiting a week is acceptable, but two weeks is beyond what I'm able to plan in advance for. I have never ordered enough from amazon to make prime worth considering. The troubles I've had lately mean I just assume Amazon won't ship in time and so once I see something on amazon that I think I want I look to see who else sells it. I'll pay $.50 extra to have it shipped the next day. > I guess the question is, if we pretend the technology, on it's own merit, was attempted within say, the US, would it work out? Where in the US? Most cities have power/phone/cable wires crossing the street somewhat randomly. There are also bridges that this won't get under. There are also stoplight and signs that hang over the roadway. You can probably find a newish quiet residential neighborhood in the suburbs without all that in the way. However traffic is generally not a concern in those places. Thus I'm going to say even if technically it works perfectly, and turns out to be a great idea with no other concerns it will be many years before cities redesign themselves enough to make it work. I can see a city like Las Vagas putting something like this on the strip as a publicity stunt. It would only go a couple miles, but it is feasible to rebuild a few miles of street to make it work. Assuming the above, it is feasible. You time the cross streets signals so that there is no cross traffic. Cars can drive under it no problem. There needs to be something to ensure cars don't turn into a tire, but seems solvable. If we just assuming running one back and forth down the street it is easy. If you want to run more than one you need to handle turn around with no traffic - this thing will need more room to turn, but since it is a dedicated line you can close a low traffic intersection for that (or since it is on rails just go up and over - maybe around a block... lots of options) Of course once you look at the above you say "it can be done, but I think there are more conventional alternatives that make more sense." I think the for anything where this makes sense a monorail is better: known technology, and since it isn't at ground level there is no safety issues. Even we assume you solve the engineering and cost issues, I don't think it is a good idea. Irrigation systems are used where there isn't enough rain. Those corner areas that do not get irrigation absorb rain into the aquifer which can be drawn out latter. The aquifers are shrinking in areas with irrigation systems and this is a concern for farmers who are looking for ways to mitigate this issue. They know that if they don't solve the problem now in a few years they will be forced to take extreme measures. (some farmers already plant their irrigated fields one year out of 3) Relevant links that are probably more informative (or the current status quo, not this issue). Current court cases are the opposite of this. http://hlrecord.org/2015/02/pulled-over-for-copying-u-s-fede... From what I can tell this is consistent with current precedent already in case law. The law cannot be copyright Peter Veeck v. Southern Building Code Congress is the most closely relevant, but case law back to 1834 supports this. Note that the courts hold the law cannot be copyright. Thus I cannot publish the original code that the city used. I can only publish it terms of the building code for that city. I cannot publish, for example, the authors name because who wrote the original is not part of the law. Those wrote that write the code typically will have lots of engineering notes that are not part of the law, and these are valuable to people reading the code. That is what the code writers want. The court system currently holds differently though, so today you can legally copy the cities version for cost, and make further copies. The counter argument is this: It takes a lot of time to figure out what the code should be. Is a 1cm by 1cm board strong enough to hold up a building, what about a 60cm by 60 cm board? Obviously the first is not, while the second is way overkill and a waste of money (I haven't done any calculations on this so I might be wrong!). Someone needs to figure out the properties of building materials and the right margin of safety. That is generally engineers who want to eat so we have to pay them. Thus it costs a lot of money to write a good code. If you can copy their work for free nobody will do that work - you need to eat so you won't have time after your day job to check and recheck everything even if you wanted to. The problem is this: in a free copy world once someone pays for this work everyone else is free to copy it. So if Chicago pays for it, New York City is free to just copy Chicago's law and save all the money of paying someone to do this themselves. This is obviously unfair to Chicago who put a lot of money into it. (Chicago and New York might agree to share the costs, but there are a lot of small towns that will not) What code publishers want to do is privately put the money in to write a good code, get the cities to make it law, and then charge for copies. This business model works, and is fair: you buy the code if you want it (and $75 for the book it isn't that unreasonable a price to pay either if you need it). The city gets a copy in their library so if you don't want your own copy just read when city offices are open. It isn't a bad deal. (do not read the above as my approval of it, I'm just stating the argument) > Another question is...why do we need representatives at the city level? Can we not design a system to allow citizens to govern themselves? Like what? There are still some cities in the US that are a true democracy. What ends up happening is a bunch of old men show up once a week to make the laws (young and the women are not prohibited, but they rarely show up). The above is already bad enough, but it gets worse. If you want the city to do something you get a bunch of your friends to show up on the night that will be discussed. That night you dominate the meeting and your issue wins. The next week the old men have to figure out how to pay for it. A real city console at least has to balance the effects of a tax increase (they might lose their job next election) with the benefits of all their ideas. The only thing I know of that works is to have such a sparse population that you don't need a government. Of course you also don't have civilization. > At some point cars are so old and worn down that you're going to have to replace something every few months, and the maintenance costs explode – sure, you can completely refurbish the car, if you want to, but that's easily in the magnitude of a new car. I half agree. You are correct that cars will eventually wear out, but not in 150,000 miles. Most cars today can go over 300,000 miles with basic maintenance. The original post stated the car needed $3000 work of work, which seems reasonable. If he had put that money into the car that repair would be good for another 150,000 miles - before he does it again. Now we have to assume another $3,000 (number pulled out of me head, but it seems reasonable) in other maintenance alone the way. So for $6,000 more he could have a car with 300,000 miles on it. What did the new car cost? If we assume that he got the full $4,000 value on trade in (seems unlikely, but dealers often will not consider overdue maintenance in trade in value) plus the $3,000 he needed to pay, plus the $3,000 that the old car would need in maintenance, minus $1,000 for maintenance on the new car we can suggest that $10,000 comes off that price. Did he make a bad decision? You need to decide which of my numbers above are valid before you can answer it. It is quite likely that buying a used off-lease car with 30,000 miles on it and trading it in after 100,000 miles is probably the cheapest option in the current market. BTW, the dealer taking the trade-in above is not stupid. He isn't going to fix the car. He is going to ship it to Mexico, sell it for $4,200 with the note that it needs some work done. The buyer in Mexico has just saved up $4,500 for a car (this took a while) and he will do the work himself. (Even if he paid someone to do the work the cost would be much less than our $3,000 figure above) Two obvious things: Weight and balance is critical for airplanes. You can design the bricks, but you can't stick them together in any combination because a brick that will hold the tail wings for a 400 passenger plane is too heavy for a 100 passenger plane: the plane will not balance right and always be in nose up stall. Also, there are not enough airplanes made. Even if the bricks idea can work, we still wouldn't make enough to give it significant enough economics of scale. My kids (1 and 3) just love to help me exercise. "Bench press" the 1 year old while "kicking" my legs with the 3 year old hanging on. Be sure to turn them upside down and back. Be sure they "hit" each other. It is not a bad exercise and combines play time. I've found that a double jogging stroller is a great investment (look for them used), go for a walk, then the kid is tired they get in and then the walk can speed up. Sometimes the kids are asleep when I get back. A mechanical gear transmission is more efficient than a generator and motor. Can you make up that difference? For trains nobody has the ability to make the required parts of that size (this might be in part that you can't fit them in the space required - I think you could build the machine to make them if you wanted it) It is only with the most recent emissions standards that the losses from non-optimal RPM is a significant factor and the generator/motor is better. 50%? That is only in the worst case of stop and go traffic. The volt and pirus are a small aerodynamic cars. They would get in the upper 30mpg range with a traditional power train. On the highway they could get better mpg with the right traditional power train (0-60 times would be in the 20 second range - there are obvious reason nobody does this). That hybrid system is just extra weight once the battery is exhausted so you need a slightly bigger engine to haul it around on pure highway driving. Don't get me wrong, hybrid makes sense for most people. However it isn't that the system is more efficient for everything, it is that for the way most people [want to] drive it pulls in enough advantages to be worth the negatives. >I think they do help. For constant dollars, each study has to balance the detail of the data captured against the size of the population included. Anything that allows more detailed data to be gathered from a larger population is helpful. Not exactly because we don't know all the factors to control for. You end up with a bunch of correlations but often it isn't clear why. Are people who eat X foods Y because they eat that, or because the common genetic background of people who eat X are Y? Or maybe it is because before they were born their parents did Z? High, which is why I cook: To get the same quality as I can make myself costs a minimum of 5 times at much in a restaurant. I'm not the best cook in the world by any means, it is just that most "restaurants" serve flavorless garbage for cheap and I won't eat that. Once you decide that quality actually is a factor the economics change. A also believe that healthy meals can potentially increase my lifespan and quality of life within that lifespan. (I don't know if science backs this up). When I cook for myself I'm assured that cheap by unhealthy foods are not hidden in my meals - even the most expensive restaurants won't do that. (Trans fats and excess salt are two examples) > I doubt that the $3000 would have covered all necessary refurbishments to last every single component another 150,000 miles. Small bits here, small bits there accumulate over time (and have even higher labour cost overhead than refurbishing everything in one go). Depends on the car. I have 240,000 on my car, and so far the 150,000->300,000 jump is on track for about that. Tires for $500, Some AC work for $500, some brake work for $500. (I did a bunch of work myself, lets call if $500 for radiator hoses) There are some scratches that I'm ignoring but they are cosmetic. If you want to keep your car like new it will cost a lot more, but if you accept imperfections that do not hurt functionality the costs are lower. Note, I'm assuming a good, honest mechanic. I had one quote me $4000, but the second opinion came in at $500 for the sensor and the brakes which is why the brakes were so high above - I didn't mention the other work done at the same time. If you are relying on anything alone you are a fool. If you are not using the above as part of your solution you are a fool. Each of the above will consistently find certain types of errors. The above tools do not "let their mind wonder", get bored, or any of the other things that happen to humans. When you as a human find an error it is worth asking if you can modify one of the above tools to find that class of errors so that you can be sure all cases were caught. Unfortunately most of the time we cannot yet (generally because the number of false positives is too high - I'm hoping for research to improve this) Brick is not used in England because of cost or strength. Brick is used because historically London has burned down completely leaving many people homeless. Brick ensures that a fire will not spread from one hour to another. When you build a densely packed city it makes perfect sense to use fireproof material at any cost. When your houses are spread farther apart you rely your neighbor's house fire not taking your house down so flammable building materials is much less risk. In fact brick is NOT always as strong as wood! Brick is stronger under compression, and it feels harder, but under tension brick is much weaker than wood. Maybe you [and everyone who thinks like you] lacks taste... Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You like one better than the other, I like the other better than the one. There is no right or wrong. God is not going to send lightening down on you for the wrong home design. (no matter which god you pick) An engineering I can look at a design and construction method and objectively state that one is better than the other - but there is no reason the "ugly house" cannot come out better. > Many engine builders won't touch this That depends on how popular rebuilds are. If this design proves out many engines will go to this and then a rebuilder who refuses to touch this design won't be in the business anymore. If this design takes 1/10th of a second off lap times rebuilders will quickly not work on anything else, even if for every other application this engine is junk. (in most other applications the engine will outlast the car without a rebuild) When S&P announces results of the S&P 500 it is for fictional stocks: they don't have a fund of their own. They just say that if had bought these 500 stocks in 1957, and traced only on the dates that the dates/prices the index did you would have so much. This is impossible to do though (expect for the smallest investors), the very act of trading a stock changes the price. Most mutual funds have enough stock that they have to consider the effect of their trade on the price of the stock: if they want to invest in a company it is done over weeks and months to ensure the price doesn't change just as a result of their actions. A simple example: lets say company X and Y are both on the index and they decide to merge one company X on such an such a date. In order to keep 500 stocks in the index S&P has to choose something to replacement. You don't have to be very smart to see that X and Y are in talks about merging months in advance. It isn't hard to figure that the stock S&P chooses will be one of a few: Buy a bunch of them each at today's prices. When the merge happens all those index funds now buy the replacement stock which drives the price up, you have shares at an inflated price to sell to those funds. (You have figure out when to sell the stocks that were not added - but S&P is unlikely to add a bad stock so as an investment these are likely to do okay). This is easy if the index funds try to hold exactly what the S&P 500 has in it. Because of the above index funds promise to mirror the S&P500 results, but not the actual stocks. It is easy to say mirror results, it is much harder to pull that off, even if we ignore those above who are trying to cheat you, index funds tend to be the largest funds (because they do so well they are popular!) which means most of your trades will affect the price of the stock. There is a lot more involved (much of it that I don't know), but the above is a simple example that will get you on the right track of thinking. I always tell anyone thinking about retirement: buy a safe annuity that will cover all your income needs before you retire. That way you will never outlive the money you need to survive. You can [probably should!] keep the rest of your money in more aggressive investments, but since you don't know how long you will live you should insure that you will have enough to live on for the rest of your life. If you can't afford such an annuity you can't afford to retire. No they could not, this study doesn't pass the smell test. It appears to me that they looking at daily usage and saying that 90% of the cars on the road are not making long trips on any given day - which is believable (actually this seems small which makes me suspect their numbers are by mile). However if you use your car for a longer trip just once you cannot replace it with an electric car. You can argue that you can rent a car for those rare road trips - but economically (but not environmentally) you only have to make a couple such trips a year to make it better to own the non-electric. If they said that electric cars can replace something in the range of 30-60% of the cars I might believe it. A typical two+ car family can easily use the electric car for daily trips, and the conventional car for both daily and the rare long trips. Note that I can only see the summary in the article, not the research. I have to guess at where they are wrong, but the fact remains their claim doesn't pass the smell test. It is very common for news to make the researchers look like idiots for ignoring the obvious when in fact the real paper does not. It is always the managers fault: they hired bad people, and didn't train them. Or maybe they setup bad expectations (doesn't mater if the people are good or bad). Their job is to know how to hire the right people and get the best out of them. Note, the engineers have an ethical responsibility to not be bad. However bad is sometimes creating perfect code when something else is called for. A house is an investment. It isn't a liquid investment which is something to consider. A house as an investment only pays off after a long term: if you live in the house for 30 years (doesn't have to be the same house, though trading will change the time), you have your mortgage paid off. Suddenly your monthly rent goes to near zero (only taxes and maintenance to pay) Better yet, odds are you are nearing a different phase of life (kids living on their own) and you don't need as much house so you can downsize and apply the difference to your retirement plans. (or if you decide the house is where you want to live for life a reverse mortgage might make sense - though this area is full of scams) Note that real estate is very much about location location location. There are places and times where the difference between rent and a house payment is significant and it isn't always in favor of either one. Also comparing renting and buying is NEVER an apples to apples comparison: owning vs renting nearly forces different life styles. Renting typically means you get a much smaller place for less money which means you have less room to have fun at home, but more money to enjoy the time on the town. Buying typically means a larger place to fill with the type of things you like to do with your small family. This lifestyle factor is very important, and not one that you can put a monetary value on Just on groceries that is a free flight every couple years. Of course I also buy clothing, phone bill, car repairs, birthday presents... In short, I charge almost everything. I'm going for the 1% cash back not the points, but to me it seems normal to be getting back more than $100 every year. Note that I do not carry a balance. Everything in that list is something I do anyway, and I have the cash sitting in my back account (so I should probably add another buck to the $100 above for interest in my bank accounts) Note that you have to be able to control yourself. If you ever carry a balance the math fails. I know of many jobs where you can get that high. Most of them are soul sucking jobs calculating mind numbing numbers for insurance companies. Google is likely to have interesting jobs where you can get that high which would be big. What part of not liquid investment do you not understand. There is a rate of return on the house, it is just hard to realize. Don't forget to subtract what you would have paid for rent over that time period from the cost of the house payment (plus maintenance): there is your real return, it isn't that I pay $300,000 over 30 years for a $100,000 house that is now worth $315,000. It is that I paid $500/month - minus $300/month rent = $200/month or $72000 for an investment worth $315,000. Of course all the numbers above are subject to debate. I used a 4% yearly price increase for the house, I didn't factor in rent increases (though I should). You will be hard pressed to find a good house for $100,000 today, but you also won't find a place to rent for $300/month. Again, a house is a poor only investment. However as part of a consider portfolio it can be great for some. For what purpose? I consider human like robots a publicity stunt that will never catch on. (sex is probably the exception that proves my rule). I don't have any interest in a human like robot. Robots need to serve a purpose. I want a robot to do my laundry, vacuum (current offerings leave much to be desired), dishes - in short a domestic servant. I can branch out to yard work, driving... Human realistic isn't of interest, I want the jobs done, and that is where the market it. I can see pets catching on - but even bipedal pets have significant differences from human like. Passing the truing test is a negative - I want to feel superior to my pets. Of course your story is about available on the market. That is different from a market success. I can see them in 20-40 years, but just like the pet rock they are a fad that comes and then ends up in the dump. The above is points to ponder. You are writing fiction. You can reject any as you see fit. If you think I'm wrong about anything you need to consider if your readers will fail to suspend disbelief if you don't explain why I'm wrong. Or maybe I'm right and that lack of demand can be spun to fill the plot hole of why the robots take over. There are endless possibilities. Your universe, your choices: good luck. I have seen people argue that we wasted a lot of money on the space effort, and if we had not allocated so many resources there we could have had smart phones 10 years sooner. Of course you can never know, but it is something to consider. Those semiconductor breakthroughs probably would have happened sooner - the moon mission was happy with vacuum tubes on the ground and the transistors of the day: their big problems of engineering were not in the electronics area. Or to put it a different way, if we put similar effort into genetic engineering we could have fire breathing dragons instead. Nobody has been to the moon in my lifetime (and I'm getting old!), and I have no hope of going (though probably someone will go in the next 10 years it won't be me). At least the circus could show me a dragon. 50,000 miles a year is only 200 miles a day (assuming 2 weeks of vacation), the tesla can do that range without any charges, he just needs to have enough charge an usually long trip at the end of the day. At the rates taxies charge, someone who goes for farther than the charge of a Tesla is going to make the news just for their bill - even if the trip is in a normal gas car. I expect that he plugs in over lunch hour, and at bathroom brakes. This won't get him to full charge, but it is enough to ensure that he can handle a long trip. If he is ever at less than half charge he has made enough money that he can afford to take an hour off to charge. > Most of this comes down to how long the OEM will continue to issue OS Updates for the hardware, if your phone is getting updates to the OS 36mos after you bought it there is likely very little reason to spend another $400 on a phone I think you have missed the most important issue: phones and tables are not getting to the point where they are useful without an upgrade. I had the first android phone when it came out, and it was just barely usable: I was happy to upgrade once it was paid off. The upgrade was usable, but it needed a little more power. My next phone got upgraded only when it broke, the upgrade is better but it isn't significant for my workflow. The US health care market is not competitive in that way because of the incentives do not work that way. The US health care market is not consumer driving it is employer driven, and employers want all the things you bring up because it lowers their costs. What employers fear is that someone will offer a health insurance plan that is competitive to theirs, which makes it easier for my to change jobs. Employers like the fact that I pay $200/month for my health insurance, they pay $1000/month. If I want a health insurance plan that improves outcomes and which costs $1500/month I have to come up with the $1500/month, not just the $300 difference. (the above numbers are all made up, but they are realistic) I have long believed that we cannot solve the US health care problems without removing the incentives that force me to use my employers' policy like it or not. In short, you don't see those examples in the US because the system is not competitive on outcomes, only costs. Since cost is the only thing they compete one insurers offer lower payments to doctors, fight every claim, add higher deductibles (which is a hidden cost on me) and co-insurance for the patients. These are innovative, not all are innovations that I would want my insurance company to come up with, but since I'm not a customer they don't care what innovations I want. > That is helpful as I can see that if these nonsexual companionship robots come to exist, it will be well after every other area is dominated by more useful robots. Actually I think conversational companion robots can happen before more useful domestic servants. Elisa was from the 1960s, voice recognition is pretty good already. You can do a lot of comedy around a robot that can hold a conversation but can't find it way from the kitchen to the living room (in an open floor plan). Laundry is actually a hard problem, and there isn't much research going into it. (it might be easier than speech, but a lot of research is going into speech) > can be abstracted away Except for too many levels of abstraction. Yes, but unlike a normal short their loss was limited. They had (IIRC) a 7 year contract to pay $25million/year unless things went bust in which case they get paid $1 billion. So their worse case was a $175 million loss, their best case was a billion gain. If you have the money the potential return on invest is great. I'm about half way through the book now, but I don't have it handy at the moment to look up the real numbers though. > I don't think swappable battery stations would be useful, since batteries are damaged by deep-discharging them, and swap-stations would end up with too many damaged batteries that way. That depends - just design a tamper evident battery that contains enough electronics so that when you swap it you pay for not just the power to recharge it, but also the damage you did by using it. So long as the fees are upfront and the devices using it will give me plenty of notice before expensive damage happens I'll be find paying for it. If your swapable battery is just a bunch of batteries you have the risks you state. However it isn't that expensive to ensure that doesn't happen. "Happy birthday" made Warner a ton of money of the years, and it was all fraud. Most of the damages cannot be recovered (many of those harmed are dead of old age!). Thus long term fraud needs to be discouraged, one way you do that is ensure that the punishment is greater than the value of the crime. > The big question is the likelihood of the gamble paying off. For a lotto ticket that's easy to figure. I agree. The gamble is tricky. > Now some of the winners of the collapse seemed to have had a firm grasp of the situation. But how would _you_, as an investor, know that? How do you measure that? Read all the data. Defaults of 4% are expected in the ideal market. Their bet only needed defaults to reach 5% to pay out. Those who started in the game carefully selected from the sub prime mortgages the ones most likely to default after 2 years: the interest only no documentation loans. The real question is why were they able to short the ones more likely to default for the same cost as the ones less likely to default. Those risks were all upfront. Note that the methods these people used is obvious even with foresight: read the data on the investments, it was all there. The only hard part was the data was 100 pages of fine print. This data was was there and honest, if I gave any investor this data and forced them to read it they would arrive at the same results. Again though, reading the data is a hard job and so most of those who should read it didn't, they just assumed everything was as it was before not noticing the the numbers of no documentation loans was going from few to a majority. If there was any luck involved it was only that the investors who made money had the idea to one day not read a stock 10-k report and instead read a bond report. There were signs that these guys saw that others didn't, but once they had the idea to look at the data it really is a no brainier. The only thing I didn't have is enough money to invest (minimum investment is $30 million and that was raised to $100 million quickly), the patience to wait 2 years for it to pay off, the luck to think of the bond market (if I was looking for a great stock in China at the time I might have found something good, but not this great investment in bonds), and the willingness to wade though all these finance documents looking for any that are worth investing on. The last is by far the most important: I find the data boring and so I don't want to analyze it. Note that the subprime bubble is over. You cannot pull that off today in subprime. Or at least I don't think you can: I haven't looked at the data. Every 10-20 years some opportunity comes up. 3/4ths the battle is the idea to look in the right place, the other 1/4th is to actually understand all the data. There might be something now, there might not. I don't have a crystal ball. Even if I did, I don't have enough money to ride out the market. As more than one person has said, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". Several of those who made a ton of money nearly went bankrupt holding onto their bets for just the 2 years they knew it would take for them to pay off - and they were right about the 2 year prediction! > I believe the term the credit card companies have for me is a "deadbeat". No, the credit cards are making plenty of money off of you: probably on the order of $150 a month. From there it costs $.35 to bulk mail your bill, and $.25 to process your payment (including the cost of running the web site you pay it at). There is also your share of the advertising they do, and other overhead that I don't know how to place. Still their profit off of you is over $100/month! I'm not entirely convinced that the person who maxes out their cards and pays interest is actually more profitable - a lot of them will end up defaulting in a few years and paying less than they actually put on the cards in interest. I can't be bothered to look up the numbers (if they are even available) to see if that is true or not. Of course I made up the numbers above. They are ballpark (and somewhat variable), but they give you a picture of the truth: your are insanely profitable to them. > while the older models still work like a clock if there is no rust issue it will last another thirty years (if well maintained). There is every reason to believe that a modern VW will last for 60 years as well in similar situations. I would guess the new one will last longer than the old one: VW has been improving quality over the years. Of course most cars are wrecked long before that 60 years: humans make bad drivers. People also tend to not want to take care of old cars as well. Cars don't hold value in general so keeping the car on the road for 60 years will more than once call for more maintenance dollars than the car is worth. Actually prefab houses can have as much character as any other suburban house (many will argue this is zero, but even those people will get an idea of what they can look like). Several of my neighbors live in one, and I didn't even know if for years: they look like a normal house. The need to bring it to the lot on a truck places some limits on the size of rooms and where walls much be to resist shipping issues. However a quality mass produced house is cheaper than regular construction. Manufactured houses earned their bad reputation though. Many of them are/were junk. A lot of them are made by the same guys (and quality) who make trailer houses. Many city (suburban) codes, or HOAs will not let you put one up at all. This means that you don't see many of the quality ones. Most people are not actually qualified to judge quality of construction, some of them even today look nice for 10 years and then the maintenance nightmare begins: the parts are not standard home center sizes so it is a lot of labor to fix anything. For most suburban houses you can take tens of thousands $$$ off the cost of new construction, get a good floor plan, and have your house built in 1/4th the time as regular construction. Anyone who is thinking about building their own house should look into this option (remember what I said about quality above though), but there are more energy efficient options that I think you should pay extra for even though it drives you back to site built. For good reason: if you don't take care of the regular maintenance people die. Homeowners are notorious for not doing maintenance until it is too late unless the maintenance is also cosmetic. (fortunately for roof and siding when it looks bad it is bad, and most other parts of a house don't wear out) > Could work, though I think it would add operational complexity ("hey, I paid to swap in good batteries, but these barely held a charge!"). That is part of the business model: the batteries know how much charge they can take, so when one no longer has full capacity you sell it for less. Someone needs to work out what the price levels are so that people don't feel cheated, that is tricky math, but I think we know enough about battery life cycle (over different usage) to come up with something. It will probably be a multi-level thing, a "new battery" will be slightly more than a "slightly used" one, and have a longer safe range before they charge you abuse fees. A "new battery" that is never abused will after so many uses without abuse degrade to "slightly used", the users of it as "new" will pay for the normal wear and tear. If you are not trading in every time the battery needs charging you just pay a small monthly rental fee - if you never abuse your battery when it wears out you can trade in a "no longer usable battery" for a "new one" for just the normal trade in fee. If you abuse the battery you just pay for the actual costs that your abuse did to the battery. It could work, the real trick isn't the technology (that is a simple computer watching the recharge and discharge rates). Even the business model isn't that complex (though the math is tricky). the hard part is convincing everyone to use your standard form factor for batteries. If every different car has a different battery in some way this will not work. It is only when you have one (or a few) models of battery that everyone has that this can work. There are only 3 grades of gasoline at the gas pump - if your engine would be fine on 60 octane gasoline (like my antique tractor) you just have pay for the more expensive 87 octane anyway. If your engine needs 100 octane (some race cars) - too bad you have to buy your own drum. The same way you need to ensure there is a one size fits all battery. (if you want more having two is an option) > The possibility to make money increases if one acts more like a robot, i.e. acting strictly upon rules decided a priori. Only if the rules are correct, for all situations. Robots have lots vast amounts of money because there was a missing or wrong rule. Good luck figuring out in advance all the rules - remember that the situation is changing, and your robot in the mix is itself a change. Warren Buffet has so much money in his control that he cannot beat the market - his very investments change the value of the good companies he invests in - and not in his favor. He can make small bets of companies, but even if the bets all pay off (they will not - even great investors make mistakes) it isn't enough to be very significant. In poker there is a dealer: you are expected to tip the dealer if you win. In the stock market you pay the dealer win or lose. The CEO of Enron, and Martha Stewart come to mind as other CEOs who have gone to prison for the actions. Even if you had no emissions laws diesel would still have a large fuel consumption advantage. Diesel contains more energy per volume (139000 btu/gallon vs 124000 btu/gallon). In addition the design of a diesel engine does not require a strict stoichiometric air/fuel ration. The result is at less than full throttle the gasoline engine the efficiency of a gasoline engine drops off faster than a diesel engine. In an ideal efficiency engine (no emissions) a gasoline engine at full throttle is more fuel efferent than a diesel engine, but when at less than full throttle - which is where most engine spend all their time) the diesel engine is more efficient. Note I skipped a dozen pages of disclaimers on the above claim: there are many ways in the real world to cheat the above. Germany will extradite in most cases. Here is the treaty if you want to read the fine print http://www.mcnabbassociates.com/Germany%20International%20Ex... Just remember that self driving cars do not have to be perfect, they just need to be better than humans. The use is at just over 1 death per million miles. If self driving cars can reach .5 they are better already. If the cars can detect the times they are bad and pull over (screw your appointment) that might be enough. My guess is soon after the first company releases this they will show statistics on how much safer their cars are and governments stop sales on new cars that are not level 3 in whatever situations their car handles. (this to repeat again as we move up the levels) Even if you are right because of the above all manufactures would be stupid to not have a significant investment: the day when they have no choice might be out of their control and if they are not ready they go out of business (or confine their business to poor countries with loser laws - but these countries tend not to sell many high profit new cars). With improvements in refrigeration technology they may never. If you compare installing geo-thermo 10 years ago vs someone who installed an air source heat pump, and then upgraded (at optimal times picked on hindsight), the latter has paid less for equipment, and his yearly costs are now less as well. Geothermal equipment is enough more expensive that upgrading doesn't help those numbers much even though the expensive pipes in the ground are still perfectly good. Of course there is eventually a limit in efficiency gains. When you reach that limit geothermal has advantages that will pay off eventually. 10 years ago at least you should not have installed geothermal. What the next 10 years will bring is beyond my knowledge. GTK is the Gimp Tool Kit. I expect GIMP to use the defaults: historically they created to toolkit for their needs, and so they should choose the right defaults for them. Note that the above is historical. GNOME selected GTK long ago and has somewhat strong armed GTK development away from GNOME. I don't follow either project closely enough to suggest how much. AC is much better in the home. There is no way to get around the fact that you need massive wires to supply low voltage at high amps. It is much cheaper to have a power supply on every electronic device turning 100-200 volts to 5 volts than to have one big power supply turning power line voltage to 5 volts. Of course a lot of computers need 3 volts or less, so the power supplies exist anyway. It is also more efficient big power supplies running at low loads are inefficient, the power supply on each device is sized to what the device needs and so it more likely to be operating in a high efficiency area. You conclusion is wrong. Agile finds value in process, as well. Read the last line until this sinks in: That is, while there is value in the items on the right, we value the items on the left more. There is a lot of value in the right process, the process however needs to be a servant to the needs of the people. You can be agile with long complex processes so long as you pay attention to how the processes affect the people and ensure that every time a process is getting in the way of someone it is a good thing. I think we would all agree that process needs to stop the "cowboy coder" who otherwise would check in code with many syntax errors just before leaving for a long vacation. This example is nearly a straw-man it is so trivial - but if anyone doesn't have personal processes to prevent it the team will need to create a process of some sort. This could be a simple don't do that again talk, a HR process to fire the guy, a automatic backout process, a formal checkout for pushing, or whatever - the choice is up to your team, and depends on team factors like if this is a one time mistake or a repeated offense. Going to the other extreme, medical software that could kill should have long complex processes. Agile is perfectly fine with this. Agile is taking issue with some [big companies] that have created such long cumbersome processes in ages past that no longer serve the needs. Sometimes they created a complex process because of a one time mistake that is unlikely to happen again. Or maybe the process made sense in light of the tax laws that were changed in 1986. Some processes actually are required and useful, but because of all the cumbersome ones they are ignored until it is too late. Managers don't want waterfall. They want a process they can understand (waterfall is great here), that gives them a specific date they can point to as when everything is done and they can start making money. Waterfall says it gives you that. Of course we all know that waterfall doesn't actually give you what it claims, but it says when it doesn't you failed to manage one of the early phases correctly which means it tells them how to fix things: work harder there. My car has that - there are too many false positives for it to be useful. I most commonly hear get the warning when there are two left turn lanes and I'm in the right one (because I need to turn right at the next road). Sure there is a car to my left, if it doesn't turn left I'll hit it, but the other car would be at fault in that case. I will admit that there have been a couple times it saw the car I was about to merge into before I did. It is not clear if I would have seen the car a moment latter anyway or not. Actually you can argue that car crashes are rare. 1.2 deaths per 100 million miles is rare. (I'm not able to find statistics for accidents without deaths, but we can extrapolate) A lot of people drive a lot of miles which is why there are a lot of crashes. So you can argue either side of this depending on how you want to twist the numbers. Seasonal stuff needs to be in an area of the store they can close off for a few weeks everytime the season changes while they redecorate. During those times they want the seasonable stuff to be out of the way so the construction efforts do not get in the way of customers. I don't know if this is their logic, but it makes sense. To be self stable milk needs to be heated hot enough to change the flavor. Americans prefer the taste of milk that has not been heated as much. I once has breakfast on a real dairy farm, they got their milk from the tank right after milking. After drinking milk that was in the cow just 3 hours before I cannot stand milk you can buy. I cannot say if this is because it was never pasteurized, or just that is was fresh, but the flavor was better. Note, do not take the above as advocacy for unpasteurized milk. The risks are real enough. Process is about controlling people, so of course my examples are controlling people. The trick is they are process controlling people in areas where they need to be controlled. Contrast this to processes that control people in ways they don't need to be controlled. Is someone checking that are login to your computer at exactly 8am every day? That a process that controls people but isn't needed for most programmers. The process makes perfect sense in context of assembly line workers: if even one person is late the entire line cannot start. One thing that I didn't say but should have is that process should not be the first thing to fall back on. You might have to deal with the guy who pushes broken code all the time, but there are other solutions other than process that you should explore. The ergonomics expert I work with tells me "the best position is your next position". They ensure we have both good comfortable chairs, and a sit or stand workstation so we can vary our position often. I'm constantly changing. Up, down, up, down, cross legged on my chain, up . Long compile - pace back and forth for a few minutes. It drives my co-workers nuts at times, but it is much better for the body. > it's quite likely I think they would simply switch to DC for everything I'm not sure. AC has some important safety considerations that would make it better even if the efficient was significantly worse. Switches, fuses and circuit breakers that work with DC are more expensive than AC. When a circuit opens there is a spark, and this spark can in some cases create a conductive plasma. With AC the wave goes to zero and the plasma disappears, while with DC it continues. There are cases where a DC fuse blew but the fuse continued to conduct. Of course this can be engineered around, but generally with larger and more expensive parts. When someone touches power accidentally, AC is slightly safer. With DC your muscles will grab and never let go. AC gives you a chance to let go. This is a low probability thing, but is a factor. The guy who wanted us to debate is wrong for one other reason though: I'm approaching the limits of what I know on the subject, while you seem to have a lot more knowledge. That depends on how the tree decays. There is a lot of coal near the surface of the western US because prairie grass burned yearly in every dry month (winter when it was too cold to grow - they may still be as much rain/snow!). This yearly burning didn't get warm enough to burn all the carbon and so the rest got deposited as charcoal. Moral of the story: you should start regular forest/grass fires to turn the stored carbon into charcoal. A biologist can give you a number of other reasons why this is good for the forest as well: common knowledge about forest fires is almost completely false. What is hatespeach? That in itself chills a lot of possible stories. Anything anti-feminist, is hate speech - it might or not be true. Note that big farmers have already replaced "soil destroying tillage" with "soil building cover crops". Farm news is full of stories about early adopters 10 years ago bragging about how they are now building soil organic matter with a corresponding reduced need for fertilizer. The big farmers recognize the impact this has on the bottom line. Your mid sized farmers see that extra $10/acre in fertilizer as a cost of business and don't realize they could reduce it. Unfortunately "long-distance imported fertilizer to in-situ fertility produced by soil organisms" cannot work if food is exported off of the farm. Every gram of food taken off the farm includes some micro-nutrients - various minerals that are required for life that have been removed from the soil and taken elsewhere. If you are close to the desert you probably don't have forests though. Tree need a lot of water, as things get dryer the land transitions to grassland before desert. Of course mountains are often a factor. There are deserts at the base of forested mountains. The mountain takes all the rain. I do not think batteries will ever get a useful enough energy/weight ratio for airplanes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_density Not only does jet fuel have a much better energy to weight ratio, but you don't have to carry the weight of your spent fuel. A battery powered airplane needs to get all its fuel to altitude while a fuel powered one has much less mass to get up (and stop when you get to the ground). Ships probably will see batteries as an asset: they can place them in ideal locations for weight distribution/stability. only if we cannot capture methane. If we can capture it, we can run it through an engine and get the energy back. Most landfills are already doing this: it adds some extra profit to the bottom line. I have no idea if this stores any carbon anymore though. Working at the office isn't about floor plan or seat time. Working at the office is about "staying in touch". When you are in the office you see new directions the company is interested in long before you get an assignment. It doesn't matter if you are in an office with the door closed, or working from home: either way you miss things that you should have been told directly but nobody thought to tell you. So you end up doing otherwise great work that it leading the project in the wrong direction. That is when you are in the office someone from marketing can see you in the hallway and ask about the hot new feature of today without invoking all the formal channels to take to the guy remotely. Thus when you are working from home you lose a lot of opportunities to do what is needed as opposed to what you are told. People who can figure out the right thing and do that are more valuable than people who only do what they are told. Note that the title is correct: all employees should be trusted to work remotely from time to time. However that does not mean you should work from home all the time. You should be a regular at the office so that you don't lose touch. At the first sign of illness (you or your kids), bad weather, or a hard no interruptions problem: you should be out of the office and working from home. However you should also be a regular at the office for the benefits of being at the office. Of course this depends on your job. If you are a contractor you might be in a situation where you do the letter of the contract and are gone - the only time you might want to do something else is if you are trying to turn the contract into a full term position. Even then though, some contracts are get release N out the door, with a possibility of renewal for release N+1 - in that case you may have the option to change what is in release N. I would argue that anything you refer back to even once should be translated into digital. Note I said translated, not transcribed. When converting to digital you should fix things: check the facts, make the diagrams pretty, fix the grammar. Paper is great for a rough draft. Rewriting your rough draft to the final is always good practice. looking back, I accept your criticism. I'm an engineer, ultimately I understand things like processes better than people. I stand by agile saying people over process, but I have no clue how to actually explain it. You have different opportunities. Better/worse is debatable. No tab should get the audio exception unless it started playing audio while I was looking at it. (reopen yesterdays tabs counts as looking at it...) If you play audio to get around throttling - you should get zero CPU, not just throttled. If you have work to do in the background that is fine - there is legitimate work to do. However once you are playing audio it must mean the other work is done. What do I know though? I don't normally listen to audio on the web... It only takes one human mistake that is 1000 to destroy all that. Many systems in oil refineries are automated because humans didn't want to shut the plant down where there was some trouble. Even when the problem is a predictable humans often refused to admit it they couldn't operate as is. (We know this pump is failing, the replacement won't arrive for 2 months though so we are going to continue as long as we can - once it fails we know we have 1 hour to hit the shutdown switch or the plant will explode) Density should enable walking which changes everything. A farmer in the middle of nowhere (US or Canada - other countries have different situations that I cannot comment on) is looking at more than 30 minutes to the nearest grocery store if he drives. To walk would be 10 hours each way. As we go down we hit the suburbs - 10 minutes to the store, but still 2 hours to walk. (if you took the same route as the car it would be about an hour, but that means walking on a busy road with no sidewalks, so you end up having to take a much longer route) High density allows stores and restaurants to exist just to serve the people within a couple blocks. You take the elevator downstairs, and within a couple blocks is everything you need to buy, and the job you need to earn money to buy it with. When this is the world you rarely drive anywhere so you are not adding to congestion. Now there is still congestion all those stores/business need to be provided with goods to sell. However a truck that takes up 4 cars worth of space is bringing enough goods to last 400 people for the day, where the cars in the other examples where for 1 person (all facts in this sentence were made up - they seem reasonable but I don't know how to find the right ones). This limits how dense we can get with just surface streets. Note that the above is a should. Zoning laws often put high density far enough away from stores that you have to drive anyway - this makes congestion worse. NYT also has reputation. If they publish too many stories that are false/inaccurate their reputation falls and people with stop reading it. How low can they go before this happens is a question. Is transportation really less? If you can take public transit (including walking) it is. However most people live with some sort of family (traditionally husband and wife and 2.5 kids). That means dad and mom both needs to have jobs accessible by public transit, and the schools need to be good enough. If any of the above fails your transit is more expensive: you have to pay for parking for your personal car(s) which is not cheap. The Luddites were worried about this in the 1810s. You should look them up - there is a large amount of philosophy and debate around the topic. For myself I fall in the optimists camp: technology does destroy some jobs, but it opens up many more. In the case I'm thinking of the company wanted maximum profit - which meant shutdown production when things failed, but continue until then. However there was a cowboy attitude: the operators knew that "Bubba" was almost able to to continue operation in a similar situation in the 1950s, and they think they are better. The reality is that "Bubba failed, but the catastrophic explosion was after 1 hour 20 minutes or some such thing, beating that record gives you bragging rights in the lunch room. Not exactly - if oil gets that high there will be as many jobs - they will create even more wells though. What this really means is that as oil approaches $60/barrel the same number of people can drill more wells. In turn we are less likely to get over $60/barrel in the first place: as we get close more wells will be drilled which will drive the price back down. Until peak oil of course - at some point we run out of okay places to drill wells. (the great places ran out before 1910, we have been moving down since) Once the geologists run out of useful places to drill something else needs to be in place to replace oil. > The reality is that in order to effectively manage, you have to understand what the doers are actually doing. Actually it is not. One of the best bosses I ever had had no clue what I was doing. He was smart enough to admit that he didn't know how to do my job. He was excellent at his job though: figuring out who were good people and removing roadblocks from their way. He identified a few good programmers to do the technical interview part while he focused on are the people he was hiring good fits for the people he already had. If you cannot have a great manager who will get out of your way, then a manager who understands what you are doing means at least when he tells you to do something it was probably what you were going to do anyway. The worst boss I've ever seen took some programming classes as a door into management - he knew enough to be dangerous when telling programmers what to do, but not enough to be helpful. >compare gas cars over decades. There were tons of improvements that allow much better fuel efficiency. Electric motors are old technology. Most of the improvements in electric motors have already been achieved, just like the internal combustion engine. Most of the things that original poster pointed to are improvements brought from gasoline cars (only the heat pump for heat is somewhat unique - gas engines have plenty of waste heat so they don't need that) 18650 is mass manufactured: there are machines and robots to get consistent quality. You can get batteries in pretty much any size you want - but they will be made by hand and have the expected quality variations from hand made products. Part of why the goalposts changed is most people don't know what the goalposts should be. When I first heard of electric cars they were convert your car with lead acid batteries. An interesting project, but not practical. Then the EV1, but since I don't live in California I ignored it. Then Tesla which was neat, but I make 300 mile (one way) trips and the supercharger was still a promise - the price made it a "I could make it work if there was a supercharger along my way, but it is too expensive". Then came the leaf - affordable, but the range was such that I didn't have confidence I could go to work, lunch and get back home again. Now the leaf has solve the above, but I'm learning about battery life - it can work for the first 60,000 miles, but after that replace the battery at a high cost. What will be the next goalpost? I don't know. The number one goalpost for me is always is it cheaper to replace my car or not. The reality is my current car is still working (though we will see what my mechanic says, there are some signs that the body is starting to fail), and at 40+mpg electric is not a better deal than keeping it working.