good stuff man. hope you make it. Financial Times, NY Times and local news papers may help. Are you currently looking into VC or are you bootstrapping your startup and growing it organically? Reality Check. Anyone who was half serious about this application is hurt somehow. The reason why it sucks is not so much due to the fact that you are not going to hang out with "startupreneurs" and PG but because this was a competition and your product was judged not as good as those that made it. That is what hurts. Maybe you can take a step back today and take a look at what you are doing and ask yourself "How can I make better, more simple and scale it?" or "How can we make people see that this is better than other products out there and a business can be built around it?" because if you believe it is great, than maybe you fail to present it the proper way. Take the rest of the day off. Get a drink, socialize, shut that computer down and relax. Tomorrow your head will be clear and you can start working on your startup again. Not because it will make you a millionaire, or because it will get you respect, but just because that is what you love to do and without it your Puzzle is just not complete. Ciao' If you are working on a startup and you live in Atlanta, we should all get together, talk about our ventures and help each other. Three entrepreneurs so far. Hi. What are going to do now? What was your idea? Ours was a DIY mobile content aggregation & distribution platform. Grab your favorite content on the web. Mix it, mash it, make it mobile, distribute it. hi BL, like your input. send me an email so we can discuss off site. What's up Nandan. I can't see it. Email me at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net. We can set something up. I totally agree. Nothing complicated. I don't know about anything that makes me pay to chat. I am not too far from perimeter. Send me an email and we can set up something for all of us. Globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net PS. John. C cool que tu parles francais. On devrait vraiment se rencontrer ASAP. Watch out PG. here comes the Acombinator. can some 1 create a dedicatd browser IM plugin so YCNews usrs can chat EZly using their usrnm? What's up. That sounds ok. Guys can you all send in your email addresses so we can round up. Your profile does not show your email addresses. Or everybody can just throw in a place to meet and time and we vote for the best. That way no one will spam noone in the future. What's up Brian. I posted this thread. Send us (our team) an email at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net and we can make sure that the round up works for all of us. You can also leave your address and we will send you an email. So far we got contacts from Brian, Matt and Nandan. No Matt, Thank you, as well as everyone else, for participating. Anyone could have said "forget this guys". I think that if we get it done right, we will all benefit from it. I am not sure if one can find a missing element of their startup, but I know that being around people who have a similar goal cannot hurt. Update. On top of our team, we got Brian (and friends), Matt(and friends), Azromej, Nandan, and Jonesmc ( si on peut te joindre, sinon je ferrais une update avec la date et le lieu ) Hi everybody. I am sneaking this comment while on my boss time. Man I hope he truly the last one I ll have. We are getting a good response. Now meeting up is only a matter of making sure everyone make s it. So far most of you want to meet sometimes next week (frankly I am so exited that I would do it tonight, but it would not work for the rest of us). Most of us are suggesting midtown. That is fine. As soon as we know the best time and date for all we will email and put another post on yc news. PS. Everybody seems to have dbe some work with RoR. Well I hate to say it but I am not a coder(please don't be mad), although I like to learn about coding languages. Well maybe this group will throw in some help. LOL. Can't wait to meet you guys. Update. Nate from Wamily is IN. That's what's up. Please Help. Thanks Nandan. That is a very nice way to start helping. (lol) Ok. this is not about funding, but it sure can get you more funding then you would want. The point is if you have a great product this launch pad could help you get tremendous attention. BOy boy. Zenter. I still would not care. Google is just bluffing right now. And it hurts me how many people cannot see that the big Giant has lost its way. One of the first American Billionaires once said he could answer any question asked. He called in a meeting and ask each journalist to come armed with top notch questions (of course industry related ), which they did. The day of the meeting they were surprised to see 16 phones at the Great Entrepreneur 's desk. For each question asked he pick up a phone and call someone who then, somehow, provided the proper answer. If you cannot code, need to start a startup and do not know the moral of this story, then you probably should go sit back and think for a few weeks before jumping into the middle of the ocean. Do you believe (like me) that Google has lost its way ( in anything other than search ) and is going into acquisition just in Hopes to find the company that will put it back into the road? I have. Same for all his posts ( still did not get me to YC ), Still it seems tome that most of us are buying into this google thing. Depends what you want him to do. Things can be learned and you can always use an extra hand. What you want ot worry about is "why is he getting into it?" In the "world is Flat" T.Friedman states P+CI. That is Passion + Curiosity Intelligence. Your startup and mine have less than 5% chance to succeed and yet we believe like no-one else that 5% is big enough to go thru this journey.We like the money, but if money is your first drive then you will eventually quit at some point when evrything says it is going to be over in One minute. At that point the co-founders who were in it for the money will walk out. The one who were in it for the passion and the challenge to learn and master the ultimate startup language ( not Technology, but "loyal and satisified Users") )will get 2gether and ask themselves " How the F &$ we got into this mess and how the F%^$ can we clean it up now, make it look good and have more users? I dont know if this exist or not, but it is a great idea. We all need to remember the ones that are gone. Personaly I have experienced it in my family and it would be nice to have a space where I can upload pictures and videos and have others come in and share their stories about that one person. This is a good way to "rendre Hommage". Go for it. You could put this up in less than a week. Do you think you may be closer to success if you spend less time on YC News or Digg? Maybe use that time to clean up your messy code. Just a question. Man. don't you know that you can use Dapper to create your own RSS feed of webpages. That's why they ain/t doing it. DIY ok. you are an exception. Is Twitter a service that adds value for you or just a trick to get you hooked so they can make money of you later? NIKE " JUST DO IT " How would you PIMP twitter? Can someone build a match.com for people looking for co-founders. We are having a hell of hard time finding one. Please don't tell me craigslist. ;) hard reload First of this is not about Hacking or web2.0. This is about why I decided to have a startup. You don't have to read.But if you do, thanks for your time. For a long time I thought I wanted to have my own business. I starter with Import-export. That did not last a year and left me with more debt than what I make in 9 months. I am still paying for that matter fact. Then I thought I had a gift for seeing what will be a hot in technology. I remember talking to friends about web based word processors, mobile voip and niche social networks before this things were what they are today. But soon after I realized that most people thought of it too, but like me they did not do anything about it. I found myself running left and right, getting with developers and working on cool projects, only to abandon them and getting into something bigger. I am a Dreamer. I dream of products in the day and gather people to implement them by the evening. And that is it. After it is done I keep fwding the launch. I realized that I was not a business man. So why starting a startup? Well I think I want to be a Teacher, or a role model. I would like to build a successful startup, but I would love to sit on the other side of the table and listen someone who has nothing more than an idea and $1.75 to pay the bus fair to come talk about their idea. I think I would love to sit down in the coffee shop and get so excited about his/her idea that I can yell "You are a FUCKING Genius KId". I think I would love to tell her/her to call someone who had something similar and get with him/her to build their startup.I think I would love to be woken up by the same entrepreneurs at 3 AM, just because the servers are down and they are freaking out as users in Russia are assaulting them with emails. I think I would love to help him/her calm down and find a solution to the problem. I think I would love to relax sometime in my beach-side coffee shop and laugh with them about how 3 years ago they had only an idea, a passion and $1.75, and today the only think that worries them is "how the HELL are they going to keep 1, 2, 3 millions users happy?" But before doing all that, I think I need to be in the same situation the kid is. I must start with nothing and build something. I must really be tired and know that the only thing that is keeping me up is Passion. I must be nervous at launch and wait for the first 1000 registered users. I would be a fool if i was to give advices to someone if I don't know how they feel at the time. The problem may be different, but the feeling is the same. Maybe you feel like me. Maybe you like to THINK and CREATE, but adore to SHARE. Maybe instead of sharing features like WEB2.0 standard, you want to share your experience and help someone else become successful. Maybe you just want to smile and tell the entrepreneur. "You got yourself, myself and my wife's money into a HELL of A MESS, Now ROLL UP your sleeves and let's FIX THIS THING" That's why I am starting a STARTUP. Bubble here, Burst there? All bubble & burst mean is more opportunities. Yes. you heard. This Tech Startup Stuff is just like real estate. People make money when the market is hot, but people make more money when the market is fucked up. Why? Because everyone else and their cousin are scared and know someone who lost all their savings. If you see startups shutting down and former entrepreneurs looking for jobs, do yourself a big favor, KEEP GOING or START YOUR STARTUP. Those who made money after the market crash of 1929 were not who sold the days before, but those who bought the days after. Accordnig to a Unviesrtsy reseacrh waht mattres the msot is the fisrt and lsat lettres of each wrod. Waht do you tinhk? simply "wikipedia" email to sms gateway and you will see all results. This option is fine, but if you use it too much, you will considered spammer. So if you are trying to build a lasting business, be careful with it. Ok. I have a question. I am not a coder, but aren't digg, yc news, reddit all using a repeated statement as easy as Select count (story_votes)/ story_age(which is sysdate-date_added) "alias" from table stories order by alias desc GET a DELL. Just kidding. just kidding. Common we can use some laughter. Internet Startup co-founder asking. I have no coding experience (except for sql queries) what is a language I can start to learn so I can better understand my business/ Tell that the programers in eastern Europe. Thanks for your answers. What do you think is the differnce between a tech startup and a tech enabled one? Which one is yours? Dude. Evry freaking second counts. So please save your pointless remarks. Asswer the question or skip it. That only depends. Some people are good only 3 hours a day, but you best believe that they will outdo most programmers who put in 8 hours/day. Nevertheless I would advise you to quit your job and focus full time on your startup. Whether he was a founder or not, you can tell the Man is highly intelligent and would add to any team. He is a three edged sword. Philosophy, Coding and most importantly social skills. 1- DEMO EVERYWHERE When rock stars have nothing more than a a beat-up old van, they sing for everyone for free or money. DO the same thing. Any chance you have Demo your app. 2- FORGET INVESTORS (just for a little while ) Have you ever heard of Bing Jong? No!! You know why? Becasue he made only 3 songs and went around every record label on earth trying to get a million dollar deal. Forget it. Launch it. Investors will find you faster than you can spell FAST if you are good. 3-RECORD SONG EVERY DAY AND RELEASE THEM Rock stars always record and release. Why would your audience want the same features? Improve them, Give them something new whenever possible. Bonus: And always remember this one, if you paid a starving rock star all the money in the world to throw his guitar over the bridge, You would probably end up in the water. Never Quit. dude. This is exactly the problem. When someone thinks differently, they become quickly part of the other group. This is 2007. Every single one of us is supposed to be an activist on his own. As long as you are not taking away from others it is fine. Make your point, Defend your point. If 5 people in room always agree, then clearly that room is clearly not filled with intelligent people. Dude. relax. Well Russ. The point is not the number.It's like saying your startup has only 2% chances of succeeding. It is just to say something the majority. In my case what I am saying is that not every one has the same opinion. And that is exactly what makes the Internet powerful. If we all wanted the same opinion we would read USA Today, but no we come here and find people who think completely differently from others. But the best thing is that within that group, they still think differently from one person to the other. Again, if they are 5 people in a room and they always have the same ideas and principles, They are never going to learn from each other. There is clearly something personal going here. Let's all remember there are too many IP addresses. People will speak freely, anyone who is trying to go against is still living in the 60s One sure thing is that YC invests in companies that enables the average Joes (like me) to do things the simple way. It has to be dead simple to use (well I am sure there a few exceptions). I am not sure I would use Weebly, but it sure can help several people with little technical background. Does anyone knows if Weebly lets you use a custom URL? VC If you think about it YC News is nothing more than a RSS reader, but an intelligent one. Users search and find information all over the web (not only where you tell them because you sure do not know all the places where good info resides) and bring it to you. Nice. And all you RSS reader wants you to do is submit an interesting comment or story every now and then. Sweet. Why does it look so much like Reddit? It seems to me that Weebly has a long term strategy. They are trying to build a good user base. As they improve their service those non-technical users will learn how to build more complex websites and eventually some applications. It is sort of like starting a Kinder_garden with the goals of adding a Grade each year so your students won't have to look for another school. A big LCD HDTV. hook up computer box to it. Hook up a wireless keyboard to it, Next thing you know Reading YC news from the couch. TAKE CLASSES AT A COMMUNITY COLLEGE. You might be able to teach yourself from a book, but that only works for a very few people (ususally those who are trying to learn a new language rather than someone with no experience). I tried to teach myself some SQL (with no database or programming experience), it didn't work. After 6hours/week for 4 weeks at school, I was doing ok. Heck that was 3 months ago, and it has tremendously helped me. Now, I am looking into a taking some java classes at a technical school. The classes are cheap and you will get more than the fundamentals in 2 months. The rest will come as you practice and work along side a developer on your project. I downloaded HH a little while ago. Good for people with no experience. 2 side projects for fun. 1. Mobile search. No website. If we did it would be a one static page site. 2. Image recognition. Also no interaction with a website. As far as goods, I would stay away from it. Logistics r pain in the butt. Code code code, blog, blog, blog, call, call, call, give, give, give, and hopefully sometimes later cash, cash, cash What happened is that someone was offended by one of your comments and they go around and make sure that you loose points. the worst thing is that some of them will follow you for a couple of days and keep doing this. The best solution is to simply write a script that counts how many time we voted down the same user's comments and do a ratio. We are a Mobile Media Startup. Think of a stripped down SplashcastMedia meets your mobile phone. We are launching soon. we also have fun Mobile pet projects on the side. I got rejected by the YC and it still annoys me ever now and then, but the article is good and right. Ok maybe sayuing billionaires is a bit too much, maybe most of them will sell for a few millions but if you think about it when they start they second with the money form the first, they will have better chances at making billions. GO YC. And next time invite me to San Fran Dude Logos are so 1990s, just write the name in bolder and bigger font that is it. Several writers claim that because technology costs have tremendously dropped in the last few years, it is easy to create a successful company. Man. Common. It's just like saying "Sneakers cost $15.00, now everyone can be the next Michael Jordan". Yes, it is easy to put something up on the Net, but I bet you turning that website of yours into a successful business is going to take more than a nice design and private beta. geeks. Love it. Love it. Love it Hi Guys. We are a mobile startup that also writes a blog about the industry.If you are a mobile startup, we would like to profile your company. EMail us. cribornament (at) gmail (dot) com cribornament (dot) com dude, if you cant convince the one who decided to spend the rest of her life with you, how are you going to convince people who dont know you to invest in your company? YC totally got a recipe.Paul G.tell us what it is. It has to be more than "Make something people want". You just add the app and ask a friend or two to do the same, then you can test it. PRWeb thank you. That would be nice but it doesn't test the functionality from one operator to the other. Nice. but cost too much. Thanks for the link. Yospace is really cool. thank you Not too bad centercode. Thank you Merlot. Email us at cribornament at gmail dotcom I wonder when people are going to get it. We have been talking about "IN-vertising" for ever but NO, NO, NO. We still want to guess what the user wants. No software can tell what a user wants better than the user him/herself. I believe we should spend more time and resources providing users with services that let the user initially decide the ads they want. For me send anything that rhymes with coffee, mobility, startups and thick women. Block the other ads. If I feel like buying a car in the next few weeks, then let me pull the firefox or IE plugin and tell it to serve me a few VW Golf ads and listings. Would it be hard to build such a plugin? One thing I will give the YC guys though is that you can make some hell of user friendly website. I know what the site does within 5 seconds. Anyone has a few spare hours to spend on my website? Yes it is. If there are 4 cars dealers in my state who have what I am looking for, they can all serve ads to me, then I compare and buy the best car with the best payment option. All good answers. The reason I am asking is because we made such a software for java phones ( and we can port it to more phones) and I was wondering if that feature is enough to launch a startup around it. What do you think hmmm sounds nice. If you are asking for things to do,then it is clear that you are now unchallenged by your company. By some land near the city and staret building a house. I personaly like prefabs that you can put together.Then stuff that bad boy with books from the earliest centuries to the latest "the world is flat". Read about topics other than "javascript". Subscribe to newspapers. I like FT,NYT,WSJ,USAtoday and some magazines like DWELL. It hurts a lot my friend. Have you not received that email from ycombinator after they made the 40 some invitation calls? Or have you not launched a product and have 100 users after 5 months (knowing that 95 are from your friends network)? That being said, startupreneurs are usually go-getters by nature. It hurts us more to stay inactive than to to fail. So it is more like choosing between two pains. THIS (startuping), my friend, is an incurable illness. The only way to stay alive is do work on something you like. If you do not, you are slowly making yourself weaker. I am. Overhear lets you talk about your workplace in general thats it. I want a place where i can say I HATE being President of a Multinational ... My dream job would be to open a coffee shop and have special drinks like MAC latte, GeekMochachino....I dunno. some place where the future "tech billionaires" will come hang out and trade me some stocks for free coffee.... That is a good start. Who ever wants to do it should add audio and video support. just so I can say this SH?? out loud. That would make me feel good. budddy. 80% of all people dislike their jobs. Now Hating is totally more then disliking, but disliking is the start. Sure enough. And because most wont change their job, there is your opportunity to do something revolutionary. 1 The first was a mobile game distribution network. Developers upload their games and tag them. Publishers get a widget they embed on their site and displays games relevant to their website content. If their audience like a game, then they simply input their phone number in the widget and hit SEND to my phone. It didn't work because I kept changing my direction and I wanted to wait until everything was perfect to launch. Big mistake. Several months of development out the window. 2 An location based SMS coupons. User registers for offers they are interested in and add zip code. Advertisers choose a radius to distribute their ad and send it to all users within the perimeter. Too easy to copy and SMS business is costly. Still got some interest from some VIP in the mobile field. The real reason was I got bored with it. 3. A RSS to SMS/IM content distribution. It failed because i just kept changing direction. On top of that the idea was not unique at all. PS> Now i am working on something truly unique. Well at least it hasn't worked so far although a few carriers and handset manufacturers have tried it.If I do not get a call from PG after launching this one, then I will be xtremly surprised. I am already working on my own project. Plus I only like to work on mobile tech. But if no1 does within 2 weeks I am gonna use joomla and put this up quick Yes. I am speaking from personal experience. It took me forever to find a technical cofounder. If I had technical support in the beginning from experts maybe I could have sold and market it.there are lots of people who know what they want and how to build a company, but they just can't make it. Correct me if I am wrong. But I believe in those situations they would fund your idea and let you hire techies. Now how can you hire a dev when you do not know what ajax is? So the program would will provide the best teams and ideas with technical support. People who know the differnce between php and ruby and scaling and browser based etc.... Hire developers for 2 months and work on the apps. Invest 15,000 for development like PG maybe. I mean guy launched truemors for 12K Dude have you ever try hiring a developer? It can be really hard for someone who has never done it. 40 percent of the time they get played and let with half a website. I work for an Indian firm and everyday we get people who complain about how some other dev messed up their project and they must launch soon.