While this is pretty funny, I feel I should point out they're only using half the scpecification of Intelligent Design. There are two parts: 1. The less likely a pattern is, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. If the lists used in the example were randomly generated, they would all have equal likelihood, so this criterion is useless for the example given. 2. The more closely a pattern matches an external, independently-specified pattern, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. This is the same principle used in SETI searches, which look for sequences of primes etc. to identify signals with intelligent sources. IIRC, the total likelihood of intelligence is the product of the two parts. In this community, everyone is an oddity. Get used to it or GTFO. That's what they said about dumping garbage in the ocean. Guys, stop downvoting posts just because you disagree with them. If you have something to add to the discussion, add it. Parent was not abusive or off-topic or otherwise deserving of downmodding. Introversion, the UK games company that did Uplink, Defcon, and Darwinia, has been working on a game called Subversion that has procedurally generated cities, from terrain mapping to placing desk chairs in the offices of the buildings. http://www.introversion.co.uk/subversion/ The Ubiquity team at Mozilla is lead by Aza Raskin, son of Jef Raskin. (Jef wrote the book "Humane Interfaces" and developed THE (The Humane Environment), which never progressed beyond the tech demo you can read about at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archy and download the last version from https://users-www.wineme.fb5.uni-siegen.de/home/Sebastian%20... ). Aza started Humanized, to develop Enso, a direct predecessor of Ubiquity, but which I find even more useful since it runs outside the browser,and is therefore useable from any program, and is written in Python, and it totally hackable. You can get Enso from http://humanized.com/ . Ubuntu Studio does have a neutral grey palette. Modifying the color is easy, System->Preferences->Appearance. I think it's called Studio because the Linux kernel was built with more aggressive real-time options turned on by default, to reduce jutter in audio+video capture. These are real, though they don't look any less ridiculous: http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2009/01/maker_channel_105_t... Ralph Nader really did kill the American-made small car industry, but that was a long time ago... I got a diploma at my graduation. It was two full weeks after finals. Perspective change for you: It's the Internet. It takes up a huge amount of space, utilizing zillions of processors, and is insanely parallel. Not to mention improving my vocabulary - mostly of swear words. I think if Sony had made MemoryStick and MiniDisk (or whatever it was called) a lot more "open," they would have killed the competition. IIRC, the mapreduce fees are on top of the normal EC2 instance fees? They doubled the ram before the petabyte sort. Is that what you're talking about? It's not as hard as you might think. Sure, it's loud and cramped, but it's really freakin' dull in one of those things! I daydreamed just fine. I even know someone who fell asleep during an MRI. Heh, it was only my brain they were interested in. Burlington Telecom is one of the more successful, from Vermont: http://www.burlingtontelecom.net/ A bunch of disaffected college students just got out for the summer, and have more time to read and submit articles here. I'm pretty sure they would have factored that in to the study. Google is very good at counting which link you clicked, and how long it took you to find it. This reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson, at the bottom of this page: http://books.google.com/books?id=VGYSAAAAYAAJ&pg=RA1-PA2... (Geez that's a long URL!) Basically it says that we shouldn't build our important buildings out of wood, because wood rots. If you want something to last more than 50-100 years, make it out of something more durable. Yeah, but it can play every game of Sudoku ever - all at the same time!!!! If the government provided health care, he'd still be paying for it, with his taxes. No, he said the money changes hands fewer times - this (all else being equal, which it's not) does make things more efficient. Wow, just reading that brought back a lot of painful memories. I used to hone my skill at carefully tearing seeds out of seed-pods while leaving the pods intact, out of sheer boredom. "Publishers should not have to choose between protecting their copyrights and shunning the search-engine databases that map the Internet." Then put it behind a paywall. Or at least put a small, indexable summary page in front of an unindexed article (using robots.txt). Or invent your own search engine/news aggregator. That's not very constructive feedback. How about a hint? These are some pretty nice-looking mockups, but the typography is going to need some work. Unless they count the clashing typefaces as an anti-counterfeiting measure... The original idea is that the ones on the left are uglier than the ones on the right because of their brightness. The rebuttal switches the brightness levels, which results in the same progression , from ugly to less ugly. I like your idea, but sorting on insertion is O(log(N)), which is faster than searching an unordered list and just as fast as having different-sized bills. Yeah, but sometimes they do. I only meant for inserting one bill, so N is the number of bills you have already. Using a binary search on a sorted list, either to find a specific denomination you want or to find the correct spot for a new bill, is O(log(N)). $100/wk gym membership? Are you an Olympic athlete or something? Maybe this is obvious, but why does this link use the archive? http://www.schneier.com/blog/ Sorry, just picked the first Scheier link I saw in my history. This one is more relevant: http://www.schneier.com/cryptography.html Yes, of course! And that's the way we like it. Remember, not everyone works for a startup. Some people have lives, and hobbies, apart from their day jobs. Nope, there is no point. But I like it anyways! Testable and reliable chunks are totally cool, but they are increasingly unrealistic and "passé". Modern systems use lots of unreliable parts which are not well defined (eg Google's server farms), and before long (especially at MIT) there will be quantum computers whose behavior will be impossible to exactly quantify or predict. Teaching students how to get real work done in these uncertain environments is definitely preparing them for real computing systems of the future. By Wikipedia, a proof that relativizes is one that isn't affected by the addition of an oracle. OK, so when he arrived, he thought America was 100 years behind. Five years later, he had become convinced that America was 100 years ahead, and even after re-visiting Europe, he still hasn't gone back to his old way of thinking. Yeah, press ctrl-alt-esc to bring up the Task Manager. Go to the Processes tab, then right-click on a process. Choose a priority form the Set Priority submenu. Options are Realtime, High, Above Normal, Normal (default), Below Normal, and Low. That sounds more like an issue with the software subscription being automatic, not some evilness on PayPal's part? Although it seems to be the same page, this URL would have been less confusing: https://bespin.mozilla.com/ This page is more informative: http://labs.mozilla.com/projects/bespin/ Every few months, when MS or Yahoo or Ask claim to have improved their results, or some little guy claims to have better (or more useful) results than Google, I actually go try them out. Google consistently has more-relevant results, closer to the top than anyone else I've tried. Their new "SearchWiki" lets me fix the dozen or so cases where Google doesn't have the exact result I was looking for. There's the Cartoon Guide to Statistics ( http://www.amazon.com/Cartoon-Guide-Statistics-Larry-Gonick/... ), which, despite its name, is pretty solid and comprehensive book on basics. And definitely not boring! It's just a search engine. It's not science. Couldn't you at least try writing your congressman first? Civil disobedience is fine when necessary , but otherwise you just come across as a scofflaw. That seems fair. But you first said "I don't care if it's legal or not", when really, you care quite a bit! The novelty is not the device, but the business. "Would you happily login to your account from the WiFi at Starbucks, or from the public machine at the local library? Yes? Then the hypothetical attacker already has your password." This isn't true if the website uses https (since we're talking about sniffing, not man-in-the-middle). Not everything is about money! Bittorrent doesn't eat bandwidth, stupid users who can't configure their torrent clients properly eat bandwidth. Amount of outbound data? If you're sharing a video, the outgoing stream should be equal to the incoming stream (you're downloading from one place and uploading somewhere else simultaneously). On average, peers must upload exactly as much as they download. "But some say the tactics have taken on a menacing hue, such as when Free Staters have gathered on the streets of downtown Keene with holstered guns on their waists, visible on their waists." This is hardly menacing. It's legal in NH to carry a firearm. You don't even need a license to carry unconcealed weapons, and a concealed carry permit is very easy to obtain. This is only news to a Massachusetts news outlet like Boston.com. I interpreted it as the small group the author chose to pick on, for being (what he called) "radical". I guess programmers would be more likely to take social issues very seriously. See the Free Software movement, the OLPC, the Bill (and Melinda) Gates Foundation, etc. "More fundamentally unnerving, some say, is the Free Staters' efforts to secure government positions, with the goal of whittling down or eliminating them." Not even joking, that's my whole plan if I ever get elected President! Plinky is just a smarter version of a meme. Instead of everyone "knowing" a meme, everyone "thinks about" a... Plinky. I'm not sure what you mean - is it illegal or something? Motorcycles split lanes all the time here in NH. So does Google. Or was that your point? The link submitted is for UK. Not sure if it makes a difference, but there are different links for US https://om2.one.microsoft.com/offer/technet_na.aspx and Canada https://om2.one.microsoft.com/offer/technet_can.aspx Document available from Wikileaks here http://wikileaks.org/wiki/Obama_IAEA_nuclear_sites_declarati... Microsoft Research has some very cool stuff. But that technology gets into consumer products very slowly, if ever. http://research.microsoft.com/apps/dp/pr/projects.aspx Why does each plane have 88 data streams? Why 12 bytes per stream? Why 50 Hz? That's over 8 kilobits per update, 412 kbps. With 16-bit precision, you can get 528 sensor updates for the same amount of bandwidth. Let's cut that in half (~250 sensors) and reduce the frequency to 30 Hz, then we've gone from 825 kbps to 274.5 kbps. Multiply by 8000 planes, that's 1.8 Gbps aggregate. With stream compression, a lot less. Challenging? Sure. But I think even my restatement is too much data. Maybe send data less often if everything is within "normal operating parameters." I bet most sensors don't need 16 bits of precision, or to be updated even once per second. Cut my estimate to 10%, that's http://www.google.com/support/faqs/bin/answer.py?answer=1392... Unfortunately, no. It's to prevent people from talking about the event on its anniversary, and to prevent Chinese people from hearing other people talk about it. The Indian freedom fighters are unusual, in that most freedom fighters offer violent, armed revolt. Even Wikipedia singles them out in the second paragraph: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_fighter Yeah, that's exactly what I get. It's very odd... If the employees didn't benefit, they would stop working there. It is axiomatic. The web != the internet. IM uses the internet, but is not part of the web because you can't link to an IM. Four principles for being pro-web: 1. Use URIs as names for things 2. Use HTTP URIs so that people can look up those names. 3. When someone looks up a URI, provide useful information. 4. Include links to other URIs. so that they can discover more things. (From Time Berners-Lee's essay on linked data: http://www.w3.org/DesignIssues/LinkedData.html ) Email is not indexable (I mean by search engines) and not linkable, and therefore one cannot usefully add to the amount or quality of information on the web by email. It doesn't matter how relevant your email would be to someone else; if they're not on the TO: list, they're not going to get the data. Even if you put a URL in an email, there's no way for the web to represent the relevance of the email to the linked page. Also, you can't link from one email to another. I'm not saying email is bad, it's just not part of the web. We're not "stuck" with it. There have been hundreds if not thousands of OS's written since then. Unix is still around because it's still useful. Just like the Sistine Chapel is still around because it's still beautiful. Experts come and clean it up and keep it nice :) Previous announcement http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=625958 and short tutorial http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=619548 Yes, but now they only need to con a few people (the artists) instead of lots of people (all the fans). No, this is satire: "Transgressing the Boundaries: Towards a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity" http://physics.nyu.edu/faculty/sokal/transgress_v2/transgres... ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokal_affair ) If you don't care enough about writing the book, just don't write it. Someone who cares (is internally motivated) enough, will write it or pay you to write it for them (external motivation). We don't necessarily need legislation to create an extra, artificial external motivation for artists, authors, etc. Writers will write, artists will express themselves, and the world will benefit with or without copyrights. "You feel that it's better to limit the creation of artistic works to those who are either able to find another source of income...." What can I say? That's life. Either someone cares enough to do it, or it doesn't get done. My point is that there is plenty of motivation (internal and external) to do lots of kinds of work. We don't need artificial "protections" like copyright. As long as people want art and literature, it will get funded. I didn't say they couldn't make money! Actually the opposite, I meant some artists could still make money without copyright. Copyright != making a living. Are you saying that, without laws, people would never get out of bed in the morning? Some people are self-motivated to do crime, some to do more productive things. I'm not sure the point about patents is right. The whole purpose of patents is to get new ideas published, by giving inventors some of the same protections they would have if they kept ideas secret. Removing patents would increase secrecy, not decrease it. It's not the kid being dramatic, it's the author. And since he's trying to write literature, he has the right. (Whether he's abused the right is another question...) He probably meant "I had some watch parts almost 100 years old", not like a perfectly cared-for and functioning watch was dismantled for a USB stick. Behemoth meaning big, slow, and not something you'd want to get closer than 100 feet of. That's definitely not what he said, especially in the part you quoted. He just said we know enough to do one thing. Definitely something that would benefit from the new Javascript "web workers" (worker threads). http://blog.mozbox.org/post/2009/04/10/Web-Workers-in-action I doubt updating the UI is real processor-intensive. The worker threads would do the math without blocking the UI. Kurzweil usually makes predictions about things that have strong trends over time. His favorites are the trends that increase exponentially, because most people extrapolate the early, slow growth linearly and come to a completely wrong conclusion. If you watch his TED talk, he explains his technique. http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/eng/ray_kurzweil_on_how_techno... It is tagging, using RDFa. The "new standard" in the headline has a new semantic namespace, but the cool part is a new XML namespace, with a nicer way of writing RDFa tags. Example: This relates your page semantically to the concepts "Web 2.0" and "Twitter". Better explanation: http://faviki.wordpress.com/2009/06/11/common-tag-is-release... Some tagging sites are using it, Zigtag for example. What is the relationship between Common Tag and tagging? Or are they unrelated? There are many, many "rational" ways to develop software. Most of them don't scale, most of them impede progress with red tape or big egos. The Free Software ideology is one way of thinking about software development that encourages a particular set of behaviors. The behavior of developers in the Free Software community is a direct result of their ideology. Has anyone got a link to any of the cited articles? I haven't had luck Googling their English website haaretz.com or the Hebrew website haaretz.co.il . Watch French in Action for free (legally!) here: http://www.learner.org/resources/series83.html They're for sensing textures and other vibration filtering: http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/323/5920/1503 ( DOI 10.1126/science.1166467 ) User agent checking is easily spoofed. http://paininthetech.com/2007/10/03/fake-iphone-user-agent/ Brian Eno has an extra feature to his ambient music. Occasionally there will be a little note out of place, a tiny surprise. He says this is to keep you from falling asleep, or rouse you out of a daydream you may have fallen into. If you're really concentrating, this little "bump" in the music probably won't even register. This is featured in "Music for Airports" (good for busy places), and "Discreet Music" (takes some getting used to, but fades solidly into subconsciousness after a few minutes). This would be an extremely hard sell. Getting IT to install a non-supported web browser? Just so random employees can set up random servers on the local network? This sounds like a nightmare to the people who have to support it. Sure, today, you can have one for (say) 10 million dollars. In 18 months, it will only be five million. At an exponential decreasing rate, it'll take over a decade to be under $1,000. Sure, in the sense that we don't know much about dark energy, a lot of things are theoretically possible :) One thing I've noticed, is that they're using the refreshed Firefox icon. Large version can be found at http://people.mozilla.com/~faaborg/files/20090602-firefoxIco... , and discussion about the new icon here: http://blog.mozilla.com/faaborg/2009/06/06/new-firefox-icon-... There goes Microsoft's "commitment to web standards"...