Also feels like a regression. What's wrong with keeping that option? Regex is universal way of matching strings. > difficult or impossible using just a regex search I am sorry but this isn't true. I can prove it. Regex is used to parse the program itself that runs APT, this is called Lexical analysis[1]. GNU Bison and Flex [2] are lexical analyzers for example that compile a lot of code we write today. So whatever pattern matching code was written in C as part of the APT 2.0 package, that code itself is read and compiled by regex. So, it provably cannot be impossible to do a match using this new feature you're referring to that cannot be matched using plain old regex. Difficulty is subjective depending on who the target demographic is. All these things are actually moot - it doesn't cost you anything to keep Regex option to search for some package names, perhaps a bit of additional code to maintain. Also, other means of pattern matching can be added in addition to regex search feature. Why not both? [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexical_analysis [2] https://aquamentus.com/flex_bison.html I am not an expert at epidemiology but I found WHO's leadership sorely lacking, profoundly confused and generally weak in every way. Let this be a lesson to learn for western democracies to not put all of their eggs in one basket. Diversification, localization and strategic globalization of the supply chain should be at the forefront of the issues to be discussed, ratified and acted upon after this pandemic is over. When one country manufactures 90% of world's goods (not accurate, to make a point), while the top 1% gets their bonuses for increasing profit margins, this is what we have. We've lost skills, we've lost our stance to manufacture things in our own homeland. It is depressing, deeply worrying and feels like the entire world has been gutted out by one country. Just to make it clear - think about this scenario - what would happen if one country made the food for the rest of the world? (Thankfully, we don't, but it can happen). What about pharmaceuticals? (Unfortunately, 90% of the world's generic drugs are made in Asia, primarily in India who in turn depends on China) [1]. [1] China is the world's largest raw materials exporter for Drugs: https://www.wsj.com/articles/china-opens-door-to-foreign-dru... Edit: I just realized that some of the startup and entrepreneurs around the world are on this forum, if you'd like to get into manufacturing, want to learn about more abstract concepts of manufacturing, I implore you to checkout: Manufacturing Planning and Control for Supply Chain Management reference book - https://books.google.com/books/about/Manufacturing_Planning_... This book is absolute gold . Manufacturing is like playing this game Factorio (google it) but in real life. It is an exciting field ripe for innovation, many very hard problems and unlimited potential (and a lot of risk as well). I don't have a good answer. First and foremost, the shipping rates for consumer goods from China is outrageously low. People buying from Germany to Australia to USA - $2 shipped PCBs and $4 toys shipped - all have one thing in common: Shipping cost is highly subsized because of this treaty - https://www.vox.com/2018/10/19/17996378/trump-china-universa... Specifcally, the problem is the Universal Postal Union: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Postal_Union Locally made goods can benefit from some tax breaks and government subsidies as well, but the aforementioned problem needs to be resolved. Alas, it won't be because executives keep lobbying and paying off key decision makers. The whole thing is corrupt. I don't agree with President Trump on majority of things, but I try to not let bias triumph over logic, pragmatism and rational ideas; no matter who is pushing them. It is not about autarky, but diversification and resiliency of the supply chain. Automakers are experts at this - BMW cars made in USA (South Carolina) have US made parts and ones made in Germany have locally sourced parts from Germany, yet the ones made in South Africa have diversified sources - both local and international. If you're in the US, you can see this % of locally made parts right on the window price sticker. It's not just for show - if there is a shortage of headliners in US, it can import it for a short term needs from Europe and vice-versa. No one is suggesting complete in-house isolation aka Autarky, but to avoid SPOF (single point of failure) supply chains - probability of each link breaking adds up when your supply chain is 18 levels deep from an iPhone to the copper mine. Let's go to the source of this problem - Corn/Wheat lobbyist paying off lawmakers in DC. This is the root cause of American sell out. It is an awful system that needs to be completely dismantled, criminilized and banned. Please don't tell me about how each special group has the right to lobby... this is an asymmetrical game. As the corn/wheat lobbyists lobby, who is opposing them? No one. And, as their interests are in billions of dollars, it is literally impossible of oppose. I am willing to bet, large number of America's problems can be traced straight to the abhorrently corrupt process of lobbying. https://berniesanders.com/issues/money-out-of-politics/ You could vote for him if you're in the US. College Prep is a giant business that needs to be dismantled. They have a monopoly in this area. IMO each college should be doing their own objective test. Definitely agree about subjective tests - smooth talkers will get ahead. But that's already the case in getting a job after they graduate - interviewing process is already broken. It needs to be dismantled due to monopoly. I’m not sure how. Those are orthogonal. I think it’s pretty insane that a single company is a gatekeeper to elite institutions. I’m honestly not sure of the solution, but the problem is pretty evident. College Prep could raise exam fees by 200% tomorrow and you have no law, no oversight from the government or anything preventing them from doing so. Absolute monopoly. They’re no different than professors in bed with book publishers, mandating a particular book for the course. Students need to spend $350 on a textbook is insanity. Not sure if I agree, more likely is the following: - Apple presumably is subsidizing hardware if it leads to larger NPV for their service business and recurring revenues for the lifetime of the said hardware. For instance, if a user buys an iPhone, they're more likely to buy Apple music, News+, iCloud storage plans, etc. This is akin to, in extreme case, Sony Playstation - they're often sold at a loss hoping to create future revenue streams from games. The reason why they can get away from selling Playstation consoles at a loss is because without buying games, it is completely useless piece of hardware. In the case of iPhone, it is not quite the same as Playstation because you don't need Apple Music to use an iPhone. Coronavirus has an incubation period of avg 5 days, and it gets contagious on the 2nd day. So, no, that will not work unless we have billions of tests and we test every citizen 3 times a week. Given that we don't have tests, and we cannot test every citizen with force; this is not gonna work. This cannot be stated enough. Why is it so difficult to understand for most people that MacOS is a much larger part of the equation than simply comparing mac vs. pc hardware? The engine behind moore's law is that for the same given silicon area, we can pack more and more transistors. So what, one might say? Because if we can cram more and more die on a wafer (which has remained a standard 300mm diameter since 2000's) then the $/die goes down. Running a semiconductor fab is about how many wafers can be processed per unit time (or also known as WS/W or wafer starts per week). I see problems with this analogy but that's fine, its an analogy after all :) "If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, we would produce a billion rolls royces a year, get a million miles per gallon, can transport 10000 people per car and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. Oh and it would cost $3.50 per car." Design is not just about how a thing looks or what kind of shape it has, but the intelligence that goes into how it works. From the video - it is exchanging encrypted IDs between 2 phones over bluetooth, this is potentially huge if adopted around the world. I wonder if other governments can get in touch with SG government to fork this solution if privacy across countries is of concern. http://archive.is/MSgJs Any virologists here? Is it possible that we may have a grave future where a virus emerges with R0 value of 6-7 (such as measles virus), long incubation period (10 days, contagious on 2nd day) and a death rate of 50-100% (such as Ebola)? A virus with the combination of all of the aforementioned properties would guarantee complete extinction of humans (or we get very close to it). Should we consider ourselves lucky? Edit: my intent wasn't to incite panic, but to learn about the virology, molecular biology and the physics of transmission. I am truly alarmed and completely unqualified to say this but I'll throw it there anyways - I would vote for reducing military spending by 90% and increasing pandemic R&D, hygiene and medicine spending by 10000%. If a nation is nuclear armed, we don't need a massive military perhaps. Isn’t this is literally survivorship-bias? There are a lot of events that can happen in future which has no precedence. But I generally agree with you, it’s hard to speculate. This is horrific. I am gonna use this term "Don't burn your bridges until after you've cross them" to communicate that contagious incubation period is extremely dangerous and the reason why the current Coronavirus epidemic turned into a global pandemic. Thus, testing is by far the most important capability to have - it is a litmust test whether the pathogen is ready to build one of those bridges to cross. I am seeing a distinct lack of emphasis on “You’re contagious even before you realize you have COVID-19”. Instead of just telling people “Stay home”, we need to provide the reason why. I don’t see that in White House briefings. In the press. No where. It seems to be that the spread of the virus is fundamentally linked to this incubatory contagious effects, otherwise this whole Coronavirus pandemic would have been a localized epidemic in Wuhan. Can we press hard on this? Tell everyone you know. The press isn’t doing their job, it feels. iPad OS (and iOS) has 1 major flaw and no one seems to be talking about it: - The animations/effects etc take way too long. It is fatiguing to work on it because every action takes at least 2+ seconds with a dozen animations, each one lasting 100ms-300ms! Try the following task yourself: Copy a piece of text from safari and create a new note in the Notes app, and paste it in there. While you're doing this, time it. Seriously, do it. And then do it 10 times. See how tired you get. We need a completely new operating system with absolutely zero animations. You know what happens when you launch vim from CLI? It starts up. No animations. CLI is a pain to work with at times, but this aspect is so critical to putting a smile on the users face. Everything would instantly become insanely fast. I understand the value of animations - they're there to provide context, where something slides in and slides out from. This is fine for iPhone. But not for a workstation. I also understand that I can disable motion in accessibility settings but it still doesn't disable all of them. Also, that's not the default so that's a moot point. This is such a low hanging fruit to speed up things, but alas, we have UX/UI designers that insist on "sleek" and "sexy" UX/UI without delving into the fundamentals of what makes a product or software pleasant to use. While you're at it, you'd also improve the UX - battery life because you're not churning transparency effects and motion blur through the GPU pipes. Yes, battery life is "UX" IMO. I knew this would come up, thus I already addressed it in my comment above. That's not the default. And it still doesn't feel good - because animations are at the core of the UX/UI of Apple software. IMO the software needs to be designed from ground up with strict understanding of productivity and less marketing/design/aesthetics/animation. "Reduce motion" seems like an after thought hidden deep in the accessibility settings. Then you'd have IBM AS/400 :) Those things are used in airline ticketing, certain large grocery stores, semiconductor fabs and manufacturing MRPs systems for WIP tracking, and logistics industry - when you need speed and no bullshit. It is archaic but works faster than any Javascript app you can build. IMO this is a very underappreciated UI that needs more praise. Intel's, Global Foundries, TSMC factories (fab + assembly) run on IBM AS/400 I believe. I have anecdotal information about large companies switching to contemporary systems with nothing but dissatisfaction from the employees that actually use this system, 8 hours a day for many years. UI: https://i0.wp.com/as400i.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/main... Usually ships within 6-8 weeks. The negativity is warranted if you've ever run Julia or had to maintain it in production. Use it for your own Jupyter notebooks and personal analysis? Great! Need to debug some weird obscure error (which Julia does a poor job of reporting to the user, let alone which line in the stack trace) while having production pressure to get it up and running again? Julia is unquestionably, unarguably and utterly unsuitable. Do not use it in any production workflow, heed my advice as a maintainer of Julia repos and the tech debt that graduate students have created in our company (I am sorry but just stating the facts). You're still unsure? Let's switch sides, you maintain our company's production Julia repositories and I will take your spot to write beautiful code in a couple of hobby projects. I guarantee you, with absolute certainty, you will come down to your knees. You'll lose sleep. You'll hate management for letting this happen. I'd love to do a write up on the issues to guide the Julia team towards focusing on production and robustness, investing most of their efforts in a solid debugger support (Juno - totally incapable tool), and stopping all new features and "optimization" projects before getting these things sorted out. I am just too beaten, too bruised and injured to have the mental capacity to write an article. :( I am sorry if I am too harsh. You're right, I see the problem. I'll do an article and post it with detailed analysis. It will take some time because repos are like Tolstoy's quote - "All good repos are alike, every broken repo is broken in its own way". There are issues ranging from startup time, upstream packages breaking, constantly changing ecosystem (given for a new language), quirky behaviors and certain problems related to HTTP package and LibPQ packages that I couldn't even debug. So, I rewrote them in Python. Until then - I concede, please take it with a grain of salt and use your own judgement. Thank you, I can definitively say that some of the problems arise from poor programming practices than the language itself. But some languages are better at preventing people from writing bad code - see Rust and Go (impeccable packagement, project structure, memory management, RAII, etc) and Python (strict syntax PEP8/black). This is terrifying. When the Federal government stops functioning, the country will be in chaos. I very much admire Gov Cuomo - he is perfectly straight forward in his approach, putting aside partisanship and truly care about his state and the New York City. I encourage everyone to watch his updates to see for yourself. We need more leaders like him. In his presentation, he is telling how to run the Federal goverment and recommendations - which just illustrates the competance of the executive branch of the US Govt. Same thing with Gov Newsom of California. Latest update: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlZeKTlpcqU I also heard that Zoom has a lot of CCP influence in terms of its investment mix, CEO is Chinese (take it with a grain of salt) and generally, there is nervousness around the chinese influence and surveillance. US was delayed with the onset compared to Europe and the rest of the world. This is not some competition that lowest number of cases wins. If anything else, you need to account for cases/capita. Furthermore, India, a country of 1 billion+ citizens has less than 1000 cases. Why? Because they haven't got enough testing capacity. Please stop this ranking nonsense. It is not helping in anyway. If we want to assess how effective each country will fare - look no further than totalitarian and authoritarian states. Also, wait for all of this to be over with and then we can assess who did better and who did worse. Amidst the crisis, I am frankly concerned about comments such as this. Ranking by cases/capita (per 1M) 1. Iceland: 978 2. Switzerland: 864 3. Spain: 612 4. Norway: 417 5. Austria: 396 6. Germany: 297 7. Belgium: 293 8. Iran: 258 9. France: 245 10. Netherlands: 245 11. Denmark: 241 12. Sweden: 191 13. Ireland: 183 14. S Korea: 174 15. Portugal: 157 16. USA: 98 Ignoring smaller countries such as Estonia, Vatican City, etc Source: https://www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ Even the aforementioned ranking is useless because the onset is staggered. It is like taking a slice of a timeseries data in the middle of highest rates of changes and saying "Here! Look. We have some definitive answers." I am in no way opposed to spreading the message to folks in deep south states who are largely ignoring this crisis. But using misleading data to alarm them is not the right way to go about this. The press should be doing their job of communicating what exactly is going on in hospitals, pressuring leaders of the states to consider the warnings, and generally taking an objective, scientific approach in informing the public. Then use cases/capita. US has 330 million people and comparing it with #2 spot (Italy with 60 million) is completely insane, not to mention that the worse is yet to come to US. I am all for taking a critical look at American systems and their effectiveness of the response, but the ranking by the case numbers is naive, misleading and unproductive. Agreed that we need to spread the message far and wide. Just slamming down on people that are doing their best to cope with this situation isn't very productive, if not discouraging and harmful. In these times, Solidarity is needed. Just the way we support Italian crisis, we need to do the same to the US and the rest of the countries. Slam governments, take it up on the streets to address issues after this pandemic is over. I edited my comment with some data. The onset is staggered, the entire ranking thing is useless until the pandemic is over. It is simply a tracker, not an objective measure of the efficacy or the effectiveness of the measures each country is taking. It is too soon. Unfortunately not because of obvious reasons, but we are a Biotech AI startup, about 180+ people. I am actually terrified about home remedies regular people provide without deep understanding of human physiology and medicine. Please refrain from providing advice to people if you're not in the position to do so unless you're a medical doctor. It sounds good hearted but this is exactly the kind of things we shouldn't be perpetuating. You can cause inadvertent loss of life in worst case. My parents are forwarding all kinds of shit from social media from fake vaccine news to completely insane home remedies such as going to a sauna when you have fever to "kill the virus". I am not suggesting you're doing this, but just to illustrate extreme case of misinformation. Please don't do any of this. I beg you. If you want to help, volunteer in a hospital. I see, perhaps you can then you can: - Spread information about hygiene, CDC recommendations on how to prevent spread of Coronavirus and reiterate/ephasize the importance of washing hands/cleaning public spaces. - Donate money to medical research, who knows, some of these home remedies may be useful. But not without getting the research done first. You don't see the danger of providing medical advise to others? I've been wrong many times of something that I thought was intuitive to me but ultimately there was a "oh..." moment when I saw experimental results or some concrete evidence. There is also a network effect - you say X to person Y. Person Y tells X to 10 other friends who then tell 1000 other people. The misinformation that started from you could potentially affect a lot of people and then you start having deep thoughts such as - I tested X on myself and it worked. But now 100,000 people are doing it - is it safe? This is why you should stop from providing medical advice to others. I am saying this with respect to you and your earnest intentions from heart. This is nice but still has major confounding effects that could completely change the story: - Amount of testing - Sampling process of testing - i.e. Policies that govern whether someone should be tested or not. Each country has their own policy. - Demographics, especially age - Still shows total cases, should be cases/capita - Some effects of weather/humidity Take it with a grain of salt but I am hearing (through finance podcasts) that a lot of hedge fund managers and investment bankers are working alone from home and without physical proximity with their teams, the panic levels are setting in. I think it makes sense to me - when we are not physically banded together, we have a lost sense of safety and security. Yeah that’s where I heard it. There was a question about remote work. I also think it’s a horrible name, reminds me of “Tootsie” and an equally ugly logo to match. These things are subjective but if enough people hate it, perhaps it’s important to look into it. Definitely. There is also universal agreement in good branding vs bad branding. I’ve been browsing the top branding blog for over 12 years now: https://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/ Still subjective but let’s compare Jitsi brand with something from https://www.cghnyc.com/ There is certainly a huge difference even though it’s not a quantitative measure. Jitsi brand just sucks so bad. :( I've spent significant time in Japan and everytime I return back to US, I never go "Gee...I wish we had one of them Japanese toilets". It's fine. Not great, but it does the job. Although I think bidets are great, we should get that going in the USA. HFT should be banned and there should be a 15 minute delay before trade execution. I think 3D printing is overrated. If you have a mold shop and an injection molding machine, you can get a mold made in emergency mode within 24 hours (yes, its possible). Optimization can take another 24 hours and some blank shots. If you don't care about aesthetics, you can do it much, much quicker. Then, its 20 seconds per part for next 300,000 parts for dirt cheap. Raw polymers can be sourced rapidly as there is a very strong supply chain around the world. 3D printing said it will change the world in 2011. Then it said it will revolutionize manufacturing in 2015. Its 2020 and it didn't happen. Injection molding is not going anywhere. SLA litho has nicer quality parts but take exceedingly long to print and more importantly - clean/UV bake takes a long time to cure. One area where 3D printing is actually useful is to be able to print parts that would be impossible to manufacture using injection molding - that cost to benefit ratio must be evaluated and questioned - do we really need a part like this? Perhaps its a dental implant, etc. Then it's justified. Within 48 hours or less if there is a national emergency calling to get it done. The main time sink is CAD work to get the part designed, and then designing mold cavity and runners and getting the EDM die made, and running the EDM process to create cavity. The injection molding machine if run by a competent expert team - they already know most pitfalls of things such as rib/wall thickness, shot weight, run time and temperature for a particular type of plastic. You can run test shots and optimize the injection molding parameters in a very short time. Alternatively, its possible to just use Aluminium molds for upto 10k parts. Surveillance accounts are already the case. And, we already conduct "Digital Cash" payments every day - Credit cards, ACH and Wire transfers and many other means where physical paper bundles of cash aren't literally shipped when you send money to another country. I guess, can you exemplify what exactly the government would be able to do with this bill vs. what it can already do? If they send you a check, that's not helping you much. It goes through the bank and there is 100% traceability of the $$$ from the Fed to your bank account which is already very much "Digital". Let me illustrate: FED -> JOE's bank account -> ATM cash withdrawal -> Buys private stuff $$$ cash FED -> JOE cashes the check -> Buys private stuff with $$$ cash The FED still knows that it went to JOE. Whether they use the bank as the intermediary or a check-cashing service as an intermediary, its all traceable. May be my logic is flawed here? To me, it doesn't make any difference. In both cases, what JOE bought with hard $$$ cash is indistinguishable. I think we're making a big deal out of this - I haven't read the bill but I am presuming that its just a modernization of physical mailing of checks to some wire transfer. Injection molding - The TOP thing we need to get mass manufacturing going. I just watched NYTimes front page video of Georgia Tech students trying to 3D print their way - it is unbelievably naive to use 3D printing in a situation that needs thousands and hundreds of thousands of parts. It defies common sense and elevates 3D printing to a new buzzwordy things by the media. Do you have injection molding tools and mold making expertise? It's an opportunity cost. If we allocate resources that can otherwise be put to a better use, why not? Efficiency is king in mass production. By all means, use 3D printing at hospital level to get things made that's needed. A parts of the face shield (such as the head band) can be locally manufacturered using 3d printers. But it is boggling to me that the media keeps wanting to get 3D printing buzzword clicks than actually asking manufacturing engineers. I'd like to add that most media professionals and journalists have no clue about manufacturing engineering and how difficult it is to produce something at mass scale. But they inccessantly write about 3D printing for more buzzword invoked clicks. Impossible to read anything on this website on mobile. How is it possible for any web designer to conceive a website where only 20% of the screen shows text? If you’re not a doctor, you should really stop providing medical advice to others. You’ve been aggressively pushing this whole home remedy thing. Stop saying things with authority, you can suggest things with “This is my personal advice but talk to your doctor”. I’m flagging your comments. Side note: Substack's font kerning is wrong and if this website is designed to be a blog - they really need to look at the font settings. Edit: it appears to be an issue with the font itself. I just turned off the custom font the website is so much more tolerable. Yeah, people don't get this fundamental aspect of governments vs. companies. China is a company who's CEO is Xi Jingpin and it has 1.4 billion employees. US Government (and all other democratic governments) have to show and to convince the rest of the Congress that we need to shut America down. Not saying that US gov did stellar in this pandemic, but its harder than it seems. It is also unfair to compare governments to private companies with 5-10 magnitude of order difference in every aspect from finances to number of people. IMO I've seen praise in literally every news article and very few criticisms and skeptics. I've said this time and again only to get downvotes since there is no proof or substantiation about the CCP surveillance claims. But, it is an important to keep in mind. There are things that I cannot say due to our employment contract and NDA, but to say the least, we are looking into this matter. Surveillance prospects, doesn't matter where they originate - US or China or Country X - need to be discussed and examined. But apparently, saying anything against China on HN is an automatic ban for creating a flame war. We've become too soft. Obviously personal attacks and racism is not tolerable. But, I would personally (some may disagree) say that we should also criticize bad parts of culture too...that's for another day or a different forum. Can we just get past the my country your country bullshit on HN and talk about privacy implications especially from the world's largest surveillance network? It is one thing to be spied upon for advertisement tracking, an entirely another to be spied upon by a brutal authoritarian government. Fearlessly criticizing CCP or the NSA, or Israeli intelligence agency or whatever... should be one of the most important things to talk about on "Hacker" news forum. I am gonna fire off some anon emails to WSJ/NYTimes/WaPo/Guardian to create some awareness and perhaps they can dig further into Chinese influence in using Zoom. I am deeply concerned. The entire world has given up video/audio/screen/application privacy in a snap... for the data might be stored in Tianjin datacenter, needless to say whose keys are in the hands of CCP - I guarantee that but cannot provide proof. Edit: past comments that were downvoted (and flagged): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22657794 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22684767 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22663295 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22705960 I am glad to hear. My perception is based on entire posts (not just comments) that were flagged due to extreme polarization of views. I can't find the thread but most comments that were anti-China were downvoted/flagged in that thread. I just have a general feeling, but I am glad to see your concerned voiced. Hey OP here, I am not working on some sinister corp. I work at a biotech startup. We are just concerned about IP theft than anything else. I can't edit the comment anymore...I just wrote down whatever, sorry if that was "hinting" to something more sinister. By all means, ignore it. I think it is probably a perception thing or may be not. Here is my opinion. Dang is doing his job and it is tough. He is keeping this place sound and clean. Dang - nothing against you but I see some double standards for e.g. criticizing CCP has far more weight than criticizing western governments. No one gets offended for criticizing the UK Govt or the German Govt or the even the Indian Govt - but when it comes to criticizing the Chinese Govt... we can't do that, it is a flame war. If people get offended, so be it. If someone from China or of Chinese ethnicity is reading this criticism and doesn't like it...well, tough luck. The onus is on the person getting offended, not the offender. This double standard needs to end (or as I see it through my own lens). Infact, we should be criticizing the CCP even more so than democratic governments. The chilling effect is very real. Beware everyone. Where is the press over this? Aeron. Look no further. I can’t upvote your comment enough. Most people questioning why Twitter needs have 2k staff is because of advertising. I’ve advertised on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Google - there is a tremendous amount of work that goes into the “money making” bit of these companies. Remove ad-revenue and all these companies would collapse. They have no other model. China runs like a company who’s CEO is Xi Jingpin and they have 1.4 billion employees. I heard the company culture is pretty horrifying - if you don’t follow orders from the security staff, you can face serious consequences. If you whistleblow, you’re destined to death. Nothing less. I disagree. I think Aeron chair is a masterpiece of ergonomics engineering. They are also not for everyone - some people I know hate it. But, Herman Miller is an amazing company with strong engineering culture - they’ve essentially perfected what an ergonomic chair should comprise of. Perhaps you should try a different size. Aeron comes in A, B and C sizes. This can make or break your opinion. This is not a bad idea. Cap the prices to $2.50/gallon and whatever the difference is should be all taxed. Does anyone find these names a bit weird? What happened to 80's glorious days where company and product names were super cool. - DynaMax - Ultron - Trinitron - Hypersystems - Logicore - Supra - Intertech - UniversalSystems - NationalTech - Automark - Spectra - Pentatype - PolyMatrix - MicroSpace - RotoCore Now we have things such as Flikr, Waymo, Skype, Jitsi and this thing... Jamo or Jami. :-/ Human race is regressing. Why does a product name have to have a "meaning" behind it? Kodachrome was abstract. That's true, otherwise it gets drowned in the noise. I guess, I was just commenting on the general trend of the way we name things today. How about Kodak? I am sure there are many names that are abstract. I wish media would stop tooting how amazing "3D Printing" is. It is just one of the ways of manufacturing. IMO, it is a poor way to do anything besides home hobby projects (there are a few medical exceptions). It takes 12+ hours to print anything useful. Yet media loves talking about 3D printing. For anyone who has worked in product design and manufacturing, it is one thing to be able to make a few prototypes (which is where 3D printing shines), and another challenge to make 5 million of those prototypes per week. It is monumentally difficult to produce anything in high volume. I wish the media would talk about many other amazing manufacturing technologies - injection molding (20 seconds a part!), die cast aluminium, water jet cutting, laser cutting, metal stamping, and machining. These are equally amazing technologies that make the world tick...yet 3D printing gets disproportionately amount of attention. Mold making alone is a topic of insane complexity and engineering challenges. Yep, if a hospital has a couple of 3D printers donated to them, by all means, make something . I am mostly concerned with the coverage from the media. Here are a few articles: https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/07/health/librarian-3d-printing-... https://www.foxnews.com/science/coronavirus-3d-printing-vent... https://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/coronavirus/art... https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-3d-pri... https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/03/27/950240/3d-printi... And NYTimes: https://www.google.com/search?q=nytimes+3d+printing+coronavi... It's cool but I am cynical that media loves talking about 3D printing because it generates more viewership; no one wants to read an article "Decades old technology of injection molding is still the best way to make high volume parts during this pandemic". Having worked in manufacturing for over 10 years, most of your claims are either A) Factually false B) Twisting my original points and cherry picking. No one is questioning the unique aspects that 3D printing brings to the table, it is just the wrong type of solution for this situation. > Face shields are useful and can be printed in under 3 hours (for the Prusa design). Some people have knocked the time down to about one hour. For something that costs cents and can be made at home, that's pretty useful. 3 hours is still too long and that's not the central point I am arguing about. It is mostly about media coverage. If you have a 3D printer, by all means use it. > Tell that to SpaceX. I've worked on 3D printers before it was cool. Way back in 2005, I designed and built turbine blade prototypes on Stratasys 3D printers that cost upwards of $250k. Can we get past this narrative of 3D printing usefulness to its narrow application? It is not going to revolutionize manufacturing anytime soon. Tell that to GE, Lockheed Martin, Apple, Intel, Boeing, etc. Every company has invested in 3D printing primarily for prototyping and occasionally for medium-volume production. You're not going to see 3D printed Nike soles on $40 shoe anytime soon. If you look at the amount of manufacturing that takes place on 3D printers vs. other technologies, you would not even see the slice of the pie that is for "3D printing". Additive manufacturing has niche applications. > All these technologies have been around for decades now. Why would they get any attention? Because in the time of war, when the nation is mobilizing to making millions of something, you want the press to talk about things that work? > Take injection molding. It may take 20 seconds, but that's _ after the manufacturing facilities and the mold are setup _ . This is unlike essentially pressing a print button, which is where we want to go. No shit, you need mold that takes time to make and validate. Usually 3-4 weeks, sometimes 8 weeks. But when there is a national emergency, you can turn it around within 48 hours. That's including the entire NRE process, design, validation and tooling. After 48 hours, you would have printed a few dozen parts in your beloved 3D printers. I would be churning out a part every 20 seconds after the initial 48 hours. Even if it is 100+ hours, it is still worth it when the quantity you want to make is 5 million. > 5 million units a week... these are not prototypes. Call them production samples or what have you, but this is an assembly line. Hey! why would you point that out? Isn't that obvious that by definition you cannot make 5 million prototypes? "These prototypes" - I was referring to the aforementioned reference to the prototypes in the previous sentence. Jeez. Just curious, how do you define what a tech company is? In addition, I think the definition of the term "Technology" is quite broad. According to the Oxford dictionary, Technology: The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry. In the formal terms, tech industry is all industry that relies on scientific knowledge to gain leverage. What large industry today doesn't involve using science in some form or the other? Perhaps the industry of religion. It is hard to find one and there is a gradual curve between least scientifically based industry to the most. I would even say - the general public needs to boycott Zoom and shift to something else that's open. Large scale (never this large in the history of mankind) data collection of facial features across the globe along with other meta data such as name and email address, perhaps a phone number - this is unprecedented amount of data that any government agency would kill to have. Just in a couple of months, the world has given up privacy in a snap. I would say the same thing about Facebook. Look at what we've created: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLo3e1Pak-Y And then the demand goes down after increasing the production capacity in 6 months. You have under utilized production lines and need to fire a bunch of staff. You see the problem? You can get flour from centralmilling.com Wouldn't there be a second peak as soon as we lift social distancing and other measures of containing this virus we have currently in place? These models assume that the same level of societal restrictions continue to be present into the future? We are no where near herd immunity for COVID-19. I don't see how we can keep the cases low and open up the economy. Wall Street says otherwise - market is up this week. Credit card rewards is a bizarre almost impossible to get rid of idea. Those "rewards" are amortized across all customers for a given business by the virtue of a higher transaction fee. There is no such thing as free lunch obviously. It has a positive feedback loop - the more people use credit cards (because of rewards and fraud protection), the more the competition to provide better rewards. This competition drives higher transaction fees to business which in turn pass those onto the customers. At the end, consumers lose no matter how you slice the pie. The only way to get rid of this racket is to pass a law that bans credit card rewards. Watch the chaos that ensues after that. The more positive way to look at this is that a consumer using a CC is paying 2-3% extra for a product to have an isolation between their bank account and the business charging them. The reward thing is a distraction to lure consumers. 2-3% doesn't sound like a bad deal for fraud protection, isolation and some perks. Someone has to take on liability risk and that's what CC companies do. It also polices businesses from defrauding and exploiting the consumer - I would guess that if a business has a very high percentage of charge backs, they'll be investigated and reprimanded, if not blocked by the CC company. > As a matter of course I just ask if there is a cash discount. Frequently there is. If it beats 2% I almost always take it. For a meal, that's fine. For a $2000 computer from a shady seller on the streets of Hong Kong, I would gladly pay $40 as an insurance against fraud. Peace of mind is nice and good CC companies (American Express) got your back. Actually this pandemic has shown some true colors of many nations. 1) US trying to unsuccessfully hoard supplies, issues with the German testing company 2) China trying to use soft power, but the whole drama feels fake. It is good that they are sending supplies (often faulty and not up to the quality, see dutch story around this) but it doesn't feel genuine. 3) European countries are in-fighting for supplies. Switzerland wants supplies from Germany who is unwilling to supply them. Austria and Germany butt heads. 4) India banning critical medical exports There are so many stories of how each nation is behaving. Even within the US, states are bidding against each other and the federal government has not shown solid leadership. When times are grim, humans tend to invoke strong tribal instincts (for e.g. brotherhood that forms between soldiers). If we hypothetically had a more deadly virus than Coronavirus, say with a CFR of 50% and we were unable to stop it, there would be in-fighting between counties and neighborhoods. There are some good stories too, especially the sacrifice of the healthcare workers, delivery staff and politicians. When times are great -> Globalism When times are tough -> Isolation and tribalism There are a ton of sources here: https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/china-floods-europe-d... China is trying the same thing that US did for many decades after WWII - to rally up global support through humanitarian aid: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_foreign_aid The problem is that the whole thing feels fake for 2 reasons (this is my personal opinion): 1) They are an authoritarian state using soft power for a democratic nation (Italy, Netherlands) - there is a real conflict of interest. 2) It is "pull" rather than "push" when it comes to soft power. You cannot muscle your way through it. As a superpower, you need to influence other nations such that those nations "want" to collaborate and be influenced - leading by example, helping them gain foothold after the catastrophy, long term investments in shared interests, etc. You can't buy your way into it. IMO - China has a branding and goodwill problem :-). You're seeing that in HK. People outside of this propaganda sphere have no trust in the CCP. All democratic nations should get together and invest in manufacturing. If democracy falls, the treaty would asymetrically punish those that give up rights and freedom of their people. CCP does not understand that playing asymmetric games from business laws (booting Uber off of China for example), diplomacy and global influence, etc is damaging long term brand and goodwill. In this pandemic, democratic nations are suffering more than authoritarian regimes purely by choice - complete Wuhan style measures are unacceptable say in Sweden. This asymmetry is going to give a short term boost to China. Long term, my opinion is that western democracies will realize what they’re against - all eggs in a single totalitarian basket - is a bad idea. Manufacturing and reliance on China will change. It is already changing: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2020-04-08/japan... What's the differentiating factor? Cursory look at it - I don't see strong E2E encryption or anything besides a bog standard messaging app. We have many - whatsapp, facebook messenger, imessage, hangouts, telegram, signal, wechat, etc. > Convert audio messages to text, use smart replies, stay online even with bad internet connection That doesn't cut it, IMO. In fact it is repulsing me (offline apps are great) but I don't want to convert audio messages to text unless that happens locally. Fuck smart replies, no thanks. Oh come on, there is no denying that China subsidizes local businesses asymmetrically. I've lived in China and have used Didi. In addition, WHO is heavily influenced by China; here is an interview with a senior WHO official who was asked about Taiwan - he simply hangs up the phone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlCYFh8U2xM Completely tangent observation: What's the point of using sketch scribbles over the diagrams? They could just make it in powerpoint and simplify. It would be easier to read as well. Decoration for the sake of decoration? Why? I wonder if this is an overly stated aspect of the reason why Humans propelled themselves. I thought the reason why we beat all other animals was because we evolved to have a larger brain size especially the frontal lobe which is used for inventing, mirror neurons (copying), planning and strategy. Hunting isn't necessary to survive. We can live off of bugs, plants and fruits, etc. It is a good story as in if they didn't do what they are doing today - say every healthcare worker quits tomorrow, we are in a huge trouble. They are identical to soldiers. Some healthcare workers are being exposed to Coronavirus and dying. In fact, we should have similar veteran-like benefits for healthcare workers for their sacrifice during this time. Same with delivery workers - they are the logistics arm of this war. That's not guaranteed. There are number of reasons one of them being by sheer chance. I spent my early programming days in high school build John’s GOL in Macromedia Flash. This is how I got into programming. Thank you John for inspiring mankind for many generations to come. I was thinking of compiling a list of made in non-China items.