Yeah, most of the time when someone talks to me about gas mileage, they're interested in better mileage in order to save money or conserve gas, not to go further between fill-ups. So phrasing it as a 33% vs 18% savings hides that you actually save more gas, and so more money, going from 14 to 17 than 33 to 50. The last one is an issue, actually. The space invader one is the extreme case: it's already a shadow. And the border tricks for triangles are also shadow-resistant. In addition to portability for when you do need/want it, like others mentioned, just plain saving space. If I didn't still want to play the occasional game of Civ V with high graphics settings, I'd love to ditch the tower that sits next to my desk at home. Most web apps have a very low bar of good enough when it comes to language requirements. Especially when solid frameworks have already been written for alternative languages. Right now I'm doing Rails—Ruby isn't the absolute first language I'd choose, all things being equal, but it's good enough that I don't have a lot of motivation to use something else. (Previously, though, I was doing work on ancient Java servlets apps without any additional framework. That was frustrating enough to make me look for something else!) Facebook is already quite (but not perfectly—the big thing I've noticed is that the non-chat "messages" part of FB requires going into the FB app) well integrated into Windows Phone. And unless they have some truly groundbreaking interface ideas, I'd also rather see them continue to work more with MS on integrating into and pushing that platform, rather than introducing yet another one. Also, does RIM have particularly nice phones, hardware-wise, these days? Another reason I'd rather see them work with MS is that then anything particularly cool they bring to the software side could run on gorgeous Nokia hardware. From the link in that paragraph to the Facebook App Center page, it sounds to me like they're referring to the Facebook platform itself as an OS. Which I suppose is fair in a way, with all the services it offers, but it's hardly a mobile phone OS in its current state. When were they not cool? As a teen in the late 90s, everyone I knew had a discman. (Mine was bright orange, and got plenty of comments on how cool it looked. :) ) If it works well enough, of course it will be cool. Once everyone has one to get shit done with, "cool" will be one of the biggest differentiators to determine which one to get. If it doesn't work well enough, then it will be the new Newton—and even then, here we are 20 years later, and tablets are cool. I took my math and CS notes in LaTeX because I hated writing and wanted everything together in files that I had source control on, but I definitely didn't find it faster to type in the equations than write them out by hand, even with a fair bit of practice at Emacs keyboard shortcuts for common stuff. The Subscribe by Email floater is what drove me batty, on a laptop. Stuff floating to the left not apparently docked to anything should move when I scroll! Edit: it's a good list, though. Content > presentation, when it comes to actual reading material. That's the sort of thing that would make me strongly consider ending the interview, at least if I was going to be working directly for the interviewer. No need to waste more of their or my time than necessary, and I really wouldn't like working in that kind of insulting environment. And from a probably-immature perspective, the feel of power from being the guy saying "sorry, I'm not interested anymore" instead of hoping they call you back is nice. Or, if I was really annoyed: bust out some Common Lisp for the next problem, then leave. "He's holding it wrong." I don't have particularly large hands, yet have no issue with 4.3" screens. I wouldn't go back to anything smaller—the larger text (or ability to fit more text/contents of the same physical size) is worth the occasional thumb stretching (not that I have a lot of reason to ever reach to one of the top corners on my screen, anyway). That's certainly true as far as perceived size goes, but I don't find it practical at all. There's a big usability difference between, say, reading while holding my phone at arm's length while resting my arm on a table and having to hold a smaller phone closer to my face to get the perceived font size to be the same. Holding stuff closer to your face just isn't as pleasant. As far as power-users go, how far back does that really go? My exposure started with Windows 2000. It was fantastic. It made me ditch Mac OS 8.x full-time instead of just maintaining a 9x box for games. XP wasn't horrible either. Sure, after that things stagnated for a long time—and that led me to dally again with Macs and eventually switch back to OS X for my main machine—but after the initial kinks were worked out Vista and 7 added some much-needed things (especially 7, UI-wise). But I agree that the "death of Microsoft" stuff is tiring. Personally, I'm pretty excited to see how this goes, since I like what MS is doing to bring touch-centered concepts to the desktop, and really don't like the direction Apple is going with Lion/Mountain Lion. I just wonder if MS will iterate quickly enough—Apple's release cycles may put a lot of pressure on them to get an "8.1" out the door very quickly with the kinks worked out. Well, I don't think ME and Vista fit anything like the same pattern. Vista was an extremely messy release but nevertheless brought several big underlying improvements. ME didn't. It wasn't a "tick" at all. Trying to fit it and Vista into the same pattern is getting too pattern-happy. And even in the consumer space, how long do you have to go back before ME to find a dud? Windows 2? A visual environment for a text-based language can get you a long way. Intellisense makes learning a lot of things about a new language without any external documentation very practical. The earliest I had Google (or any) maps on my phone was 6 years ago. I don't see Samsung coming out and phrasing it like that in the linked article or in its linked Linux Foundation release. I think the "Constraints are Good" slide is massively oversimplified. Especially the "editors vs IDEs" and "primes vs zooms" bullets. Just for one example: stepping through an IDE's debugger, integrated into the code editor, to track down a problem is incredibly handy. It's a habit I picked up while living in Eclipse doing Java work, and why most of my Rails work is now in RubyMine instead of Emacs like it was when I was in school. And sure, if I had unlimited resources, and wasn't annoyed at all by having to carry around a bunch of primes, and could change lenses in an instant (or was carrying four different bodies too), I'd rather have a set of excellent primes than a zoom. Very much like how I'd love to be able to integrate (and possibly write myself) a bunch of services to perfectly fit my problem instead of using a framework. But it just isn't very practical for a lot of areas. And then the problem changes, and the purpose-built solution to be adapted... and then this happens a few more time and how perfectly have you maintained your original separations of concerns? I don't see the buttons on Chrome before scrolling on my 13" MBP, but since I'm stubbornly sticking to 10.6 I did get a nice big scrollbar to let me know to scroll down. :) Well, you shouldn't. So it's a good name! I don't think they're making the right case in that response. It should be focused solely on the "this should be allowed by Apple" argument, because telling users that it's not illegal doesn't matter when it's Apple's store and Apple's rules, for better or for worse. They say that the encryption around AirPlay streams appears to primarily be there to prevent third parties from creating applications that work with AirPlay—so it's easy to assume that Apple wouldn't approve of something they tried to prevent. Is releasing something you know will get kicked out the best approach to take when you can't provide an approved solution? Maybe, if you think the resulting discussion and PR is your best chance at getting things changed... but then, again, you need to keep your message perfectly focused. Claiming that they didn't violate any agreements feels too defensive to me. EDIT: and it's not just this response... initially they professed something much closer to ignorance/surprised innocence over the removal, while it now looks like there wasn't much reason for any surprise. Well, car manufacturers have certainly not been very aftermarket-friendly with their center stack over the past decade. It might actually be fairly similar after all: Want a custom stereo in your new car with a fancy center stack setup with a non-standard-size stereo and possibly even integrated AC/heater controls? You're going to have to jump through a lot of hoops. Want software with more functionality than Apple exposes to developers? There's always jailbreaking... In neither case has there been a substantial consumer backlash. Go look at a car from the 90s with a DIN or double-DIN stereo, then go look at one from the past five years, where the prevalence of nonstandard sized stereos has gone way up, as has the complexity of how tightly coupled they are to the rest of the car. Those are the hoops. I don't think the manufacturers are upset at all that one of the side effects of this trend has been to make aftermarket head unit installs a lot less convenient. And I don't know any manufacturer that will sell you someone else's head unit as an aftermarket piece. It's up to you to find out how to take everything apart and fit something else in there on your own, or to find someone who knows—basically, jailbreaking your dashboard. Except you generally lose stuff (like steering wheel controls), while I hear jailbreaking is pretty painless these days. Edit: Apple's app store isn't some third party stereo store, it's a store owned by the manufacturer itself. And car manufacturers are famous for having highly priced proprietary replacement parts, especially when it comes to electronics like stereos, if you aren't willing to deal with an outside store/brand. I really don't see any way Apple's less flexible with the iPhone than a car manufacturer is with their cars. For my first ten years of school, I was at a small private Christian school that taught science from a series of "Science for Christian Schools" books. The world was only thousands of years old, etc. It's not a strawman. But it only tells them that it failed, not that they got closer, like with the string-comparison based one. What does that gain an attacker if you already provide other feedback about the request being invalid? And not doing so would result in a bad user experience if you have users run into a bug somewhere and it fails silently so they don't know that nothing was actually done. For the standardized test discussed in the article, it says the human graders gave three minutes, on average, to reading each essay. These tests are not wanting art. Writing one of these essays is no more art than writing a basic linked list implementation. It's not concerned with how good a writer a kid is, but that the kid can write at all. Edit: basically, the sheer scale of the grading required for a standardized test means that it's never going to be a real test of writing skills. It wouldn't surprise me if overly skilled writing is actually a negative even with the human grader—I could easily see a rushed grader misreading something clever and giving it a low score. (The wisdom or effectiveness of these tests in the first place is a whole different discussion.) Could you elaborate on how you think their site's experience leaves much to be desired despite being highly functional? I'm having trouble thinking of any time when I thought to myself "boy, I hate the process Amazon makes me take to do this task" and isn't that really what it's all about? Oh, good point, this is definitely true. I have Prime, but Netflix is so much easier to find stuff on (or even remember that there's stuff there to find) that I've never used any of the included free Amazon video stuff. It's broken on Chrome 19.0.1084.56 on OS X if you open it in a new tab in the background with middle click. Plain black page, arrow keys/space changes the number indicator in the URL, but shows no content. Edit: and on a related note, personally I really dislike the trend of posting slides for review outside of the context of a presentation. As something to click on from the front page here, or to bookmark/print for future reference, a plain page with a list that you'd just scroll up/down normally instead of separate slides would be much handier. Somewhere I think I still have an "Imaginary Engineering" t-shirt from a couple of years spent as an IE major. Learned some fascinating stuff that was quite useful after switching to CS and has also been quite useful in my career. It's fascinating, in retrospect, the things people will come up with to try to make themselves feel superior. Padmapper actually does provide their own listing service (that currently goes to Craigslist, though): http://www.padlister.com/ That said, Craigslist UI is terrible for finding apartments, and Padmapper is a fantastic improvement, so I'm very unhappy with this development. "devices we use constantly, all day, probably some absurd number of times per hour" So, they're like phones, then. ;) When I was a teen, my peers and I used our phones (some of them even were landlines) constantly. But the fashion attribute was minimal, and the functionality was pretty much identical regardless of brand. Not that that kept me from feeling immeasurably cooler than everyone else when I got a nice and tiny Nokia 8290... Yeah. Sports teams, stores, schools, authors, movies, music, foods... I think it's harder to come up with categories I've never seen fanaticism over... Welp... Pogue's point is really proven now. Whatever happened to the matte-ish finish used on some late-90s-and-on CRTs? I had some with way less glare than my MBP, and, being a CRT, about as perfect black levels as you're going to get. When it comes to how much code you can keep in your head, do you really keep the boilerplate there? Whenever I've used Java and had to attach an ActionListener or whatever, I don't think of it as being an anonymous class with a single method, I think of it as just the logic in the method when I'm reasoning about the program. It is a pain to write if you don't like having to let the IDE do everything for you, though. There is probably a simple explanation, but I'm stuck wondering why a pixel-doubled image looks worse than that same image at native resolution on a lower resolution screen? Why doesn't "combining" four pixels into one make it look the same? Windows has been scaling to various DPIs for ages (sometimes to undesired out-of-the-box resulsts, such when, a few years ago, I plugged in an XP desktop to an HDTV over HDMI and it tried to make the fonts display at the same physical size as on a monitor despite me sitting much further away). It's something it (and Linux, and Android) has ahead on the curve of compared to Apple—from an engineer's perspective, just going with doubling is a rather inelegant solution. XP wasn't very good at it when it came to third-party apps, but on Vista or 7 (I forget which I was on back then now) once I got the DPI slider in the right place for that TV, it provided a quite enjoyable experience, even on older or non-standard apps. $40/night? I don't personally know anyone in Menlo Park, but know people with places to themselves in/very near SF for $1200/month. Even with rent going up lately, $1200/month for not even a private bedroom? If 5mph (or 1mph over) over becomes the new 10mph over, I assume that everyone would adjust. I go 10mph over all the time, I go 15mph over less frequently, and 20mph over less frequently still. (And, of course, the real thrust of the post you're responding to was a desire for autonomous vehicles.) That said, I think most current speed limits are too low, so I wouldn't like having to drive 5mph over instead of 10mph over, but I'm not terribly worried about it: I doubt that technological changes will be perfectly handled by legislation initially, but I expect things to work out to a serviceable state eventually. How are we supposed to separate the responsible, safe 100mph drivers from the irresponsible and unsafe ones? In most part of the US, practically everyone has a car and has to drive on the highway, so the cheapest, simplest solution is to set a limit that applies to everyone. I'm not convinced it's a particularly burdensome requirement, either. The faster you're going, the more the dangers increase, and I know too many people who, unlike you, are not safe drivers at high speed to be in favor of making it more accepted for them to drive 100mph in most places (though I have no problem with the 80mph, or potentially higher in the future, speed limits in certain parts of middle-of-nowhere Texas). The real world is quite addictive for a lot of us. Apple's approach requires you to have multiple devices to get both the tablet and full-on-workstation experience. I don't want multiple devices. I want a single device that can adapt to different uses—the Surface tablet looks just about perfect as a starter laptop replacement to me. I'm hoping it'll do to my MacBook Pro what the MacBook Pro did to my desktop PC: relegate it to infrequent use for a few specialty cases that need a bigger screen or the full laptop form factor or something. That's a good question, and mirrors my own frustration with post-10.6 Mac OS X trends... I guess since I basically never use the Start menu, I just haven't gotten the impression that it will particularly change my desktop Windows interface. I believe both companies see increased convergence for 90% of use cases down the line, and Microsoft's just making a more dramatic transition. I can see the argument that it's premature to make the big jump at this point, before there's a Metro app ecosystem or anything (and I'd be very antagonistic towards any dramatic changes to the non-Metro interface, since for the things I use my PC for, I don't want Metro), but I can also see an argument that it's better to make the painful transition early. And I'm gradually just resigning myself to the fact that the things I want a computer for aren't the same as most people's... so whoever provides the least-painful way to still get power-user stuff done in a "Post PC" world will get my money. I'm very intrigued about running Lightroom on a Surface Pro and tossing it in my bag with my camera... Any time I've bought a memory upgrade for a MacBook I've been annoyed by that strategy. At least back in the day "Lombard" or "Pismo" or "Wallstreet" was more memorable than "Early 2011." Additionally, the iPhone and iPad seem poorly suited for this strategy due to the way they sell old models side by side with new ones. Will they just sell the "iPad" next to the "new iPad" with "new" moving along to the newest one? What if they go back another generation like with the 3GS currently? I just glanced at an iPad 2 and the box it came in, and interestingly I don't see "2" anywhere except for in the small print on the label on the back, by the model number. The back of the iPad just says "iPad" as does the side of the box. So once you actually bought the thing, the branding on the iPod 2 wasn't very 2-centric at all either. Ever since 10.3, Expose was a fantastic way to manage lots of windows on a small screen (in my case at the time, a 12" Powerbook). Windows never offered anything similarly useful for me until Windows 7's "hover over the taskbar icon to see previews" feature. Then when Apple added Spaces on top of that, the Spaces+Expose combo was even better. I don't understand the desired behavior in Lion at all, though. They took away all-windows Expose (I used to have one corner dedicated to all-windows and another to application-windows) and turned Spaces into this weird hybrid thing with a useless-to-me Full Screen mode... Fortunately, my personal laptop is still on Snow Leopard, and my work machine is used with a couple 24" monitors hanging off of it, so I haven't yet had to use the new way of doing things... But with the recent OS X trends I'm not sure my next laptop will be another Mac. Yes, he asks if we would say government is working better now than 60 years ago, and given (just for starters) the huge difference in opportunities available for women and minorities, I'm not seeing why I shouldn't say that. The whole thing rests on a premise that, in some vague and mostly-unspecified way, "things used to be better," or at least "people used to think things were better." But this doesn't seem backed up by anything. And on the contrary, one of the more interesting things I learned in one of my history electives in college was that people have been cynical about their leaders for a long, long time, including at the very start of the US. Personally, my hunch is that we simply have quicker/more effective means of disseminating information about corruption now. I agree that more should be done with regard to the financial crisis and corruption, but I'm also very skeptical of comparisons made in the middle of it, trying to answer the question of "how did the government perform during it" before the final outcome is known. I realize that that's an unsatisfactory answer in many ways, but government often moves slowly and I'm not sure that's a bad thing—i.e., I don't want the outcome of this whole mess to be the TSA of the financial industry. I expect the endgame to be similar. In some number of years, there will be "legitimate" ways of doing this, that let the governments take taxes easily and provide some sort of baseline regulation/dispute-settling/insurance, like how the Napsters and Kazaas paved the way and eventually led to services that work more inside the system instead of usurping the system. The under-the-table versions will never go away entirely, but if you can give me a basically hassle-free way of doing the same thing in a sanctioned manner (were I looking to rent out some space of my own, I'd greatly prefer a service that took care of the insurance, liability, and legality issues for me), I'm going to choose that. The question I'd love to know the answer to is just how much AirBNB plans on working with governments and insurers. Where did you get that from? From the article: "Karsten Nohl and Thomas Roth, of Security Research Labs, say that they have been in touch with VeriFone for six months and have provided technical aid to the company and a German government agency. They are now coming forward to put more pressure on the company—and to raise awareness, “preferably before any criminal can reinvent these attacks.”" Note the country list: "Indonesia, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Iraq, United Arab Emirates" It's fantastic. Either it'll eventually take off, or else either Apple or Google will copy all the good ideas and I'll switch back. Either way works for me, frankly. (Well, no, that's not entirely true. I'd prefer it take off next year and Nokia survives intact, because nobody else is making hardware that isn't hopelessly bland looking.) And if you think that's tough, try convincing an iOS or Android fan that MS actually built a spectacular user interface... all you hear is marketshare numbers. Comparing my Lumia 900 to my old Evo (HTC): I greatly prefer the look of the tiles to the widgets/apps mismatch on the home page. And the ability to be able to pin so many different things to the home page from inside of apps, instead of going to a separate "add widgets" section, is very useful... I don't have to think about "oh I should see if this app has a widget I can pin." I've found the Skydrive Office integration to work much better than the Google Docs app Google provided for Android. Faster loading, better controls, and the ability to pin stuff to the start page with ease. OneNote is also the best note management app on a phone I've ever used. I really like how they did the "people hub" thing of centralizing all the info/connections you have about someone in one place. (Though it's annoying that the messaging app doesn't support FB "messages", just FB "chat", so I also have the FB app installed in case someone sends me one of those.) The overal design language is great. (For a good example of a third party app getting it, compare the Android Weatherbug app's UI with the WP7 version.) I really prefer the use of vertical scrolling on the home page to swiping left/right to get to other home pages—I always forgot about stuff that wasn't on the home page with Android, and find a quick flick to scroll down my whole home page a much better way of seeing everything I want in front of me. And in my case, it's been far more stable than my Evo ever was. My biggest complaint is that the gmail client isn't as good. "tldr; It was worth every penny if you went to Stanford, I wish I had known that when I was 18." I wish I had known that when I was 14/15 and cruising through high school, buying the feel-good talk about "paying that much for a top-name education wouldn't be worth it anyway." So instead I got a very good education (you get out of it what you put into it, after all) that actually cost more in practice than a heavily-subsidized-by-the-school Ivy one and yet comes with a lower-value degree. I'm happy where I am, so I'm not complaining. But the system is fairly screwy. You don't even need to me approaching middle age. I'm in my 20s and moved halfway across the country recently, and am continually amazed at how hard it is to make good friends of the same gender. Given all the websites/events/groups dedicated to meeting people to date I've found it far easier than ever to get dates, but more difficult to make friends. It's a weird reversal. There's probably an opportunity for a little business there, but I haven't quite worked out how it would work. Ah, that looks very interesting. The ones currently closest to me seem about an hour's drive away in LA, but I'll keep an eye on it. And yeah, that's the thing I've run into with Meetups. Great place to find a particular activity, harder to find people looking to meet people beyond just the activity. "Tech's staff were absolutely horrendous" Good ol' Tech... IMO it's a terribly outdated approach, but there's a ton of "I got through it, so everyone else should have to deal with it too" momentum there. I went there as an out-of-state student and wouldn't recommend it for other out-of-staters. There are quite a few other good public engineering schools. My reading of "that gap" in that paragraph is that it refers just to the last-mentioned gap, the 11 cent federal government one. The private sector numbers still appear to be larger -- also see the previous paragraph, which talked about the 19 cent difference in managers which accounted for "many observable differences." I have heard that some areas have three-state legal systems, at least for certain types of cases, but that's not the case here. The ruling was "they do not have the same understated and extreme simplicity which is possessed by the Apple design." Not "Apple has not proven that Samsung infringed." You don't have to agree with the ruling, but the legal ruling was a "false," not a "null." A "not guilty" verdict may arise due to a lack of evidence or a badly tried case, but legally it means the same thing as a "not guilty" that came about because the accusation was obviously untrue. I have a friend who's a nurse. He's told me that he's gotten some shit from people because of his profession. From other guys who aren't nurses. Weird, huh? But I've seen more hostility or unintentionally discouraging behavior towards female programmers from male ones than he's mentioned ever encountering from female nurses, so in that regard it's less of a problem. Yet he's also mentioned that the number of males in the field is increasing, and that there are, in fact, efforts being made to get more men into the field. Why would a limited labor pool for any profession be a good thing? And why should I believe that the current distribution in a very young field represents a natural equilibrium? By "the bottom of the ladder" do you mean economically? Is your claim that women have a higher earnings floor then men? Could you provide figures? Wikipedia tells me that there are some CVTs that use planetary gears, but a traditional automatic uses them too: http://auto.howstuffworks.com/automatic-transmission2.htm I don't have a particularly strong opinion on this one way or another, but I lean towards the side of less strict moderation, and I think that very metaphor fits my reason why: For me, one of the biggest advantages of the college classroom over the high school one was that digressions, side topics, and open-ended discussion occured far more frequently in my college classrooms than in my high school classrooms. Think of it as the difference between being taught to a test and just learning things. There still needs to be some moderation so that things stay focused overall, but often those side trails spark some really interesting, useful discussions. Education doesn't have to be narrow. In just a month or so I've already found myself developing an almost habitual response to Kickstarter software things posted here. Like you say, there seems to be a pattern of trying to cash in. I see an interesting title on HN. I visit it and start reading. I start reading the copy and see some interesting screenshots/mockups, keep scrolling, and then realize a bit later that there isn't actually anything ready for me to try out, but they want me to give them some money. Then I close the tab. Very few of the software projects I've seen linked there have seemed interesting or novel enough for me to care to put up some cash up front. There are tools that cost hundreds of dollars out there that will let me try them, fully-featured, for free. These guys want $50 for beta access or $100 for a full license for something that doesn't exist yet? It's probably somewhat irrational, but I'm even more annoyed by the ones with real slick demo videos and such. Why not put the time spent making that towards making a product I can actually try? Part of the beauty of SO compared to an actual classroom is that the more open-ended discussion going on in a different question wouldn't keep your question from getting its straightforward answer. It would be read just by the people who found it interesting, instead of taking up shared class time. I don't think the jargon question example from the article here is well suited for even a looser SO, as it's more entertainment than education, but there are lots of productive questions that don't have black and white answers that I've still enjoyed seeing SO discuss. I was asked that question, with glass bulbs instead of eggs, at an interview last year. I don't think I found the optimal solution of 14, IIRC I got to the point (just talking aloud to the interviewer, no paper) of saying something like "so if we started at, say, floor ten, we'd have nine floors below, and something close to that sets of floors above if we needed to move up..." and he said something like "ok, cool, that's good, let's move on." I could've asked for paper, I suppose, but something about the word "puzzle" makes me want to puzzle it out in my head. So my question for any interviewer types who ask puzzle questions is: do you prefer a candidate to go all the way to working out an optimal solution on paper, or is it really more about "the approach"? I've often had the same thought. I suspect that the pre-internet big-city age will end up being a blip on the historical "ease of acquiring real privacy/anonymity people had" graph. There's too much pressure from both sides. Companies, governments, etc, all want to know, and lots of people want to share. I think the future will be one of (social, at least) privacy through getting lost in the huge sea of people instead of privacy through actual anonymity. It sounds like there's supposed to be a table at the end, but it's not showing up for me. The first question I have, without seeing the numbers, is: do the higher percentages of IPOs/acquisitions for more capital-intensive fields just mean that it's harder to start and fund a company in those area without a much more fleshed out idea? Shawn Marion has a wonderfully cringe-worthy jumper technique too. And in the US, fair use is an affirmative defense, with the burden of proof on the defendent. It can't keep you from getting sued in the same way a completely free image would. "a copyrighted image is going to be used less than one that is in the public domain" That wasn't the conclusion. The conclusion was that images are worth more, in terms of updates and visits, to Wikipedia articles than text. This is still a conclusion that will doubtless have its share of people calling it obvious, but it's one I haven't seen quantified like this before. And in the case of baseball players in particular, in theory an image doesn't add nearly as much as their stats and team/championship information. If removing the safety net would fix things, why were they ever broken enough for the safety net to be put in place in the first place? I don't see many people thinking that social security enough will be enough to keep them from being poor. Yet many of them still don't save much on their own. You think it's simply a question of the magnitude of the negative incentive, vs the far-future nature of it? And what if I don't want the poor house to be brought back? What if I think today's situation (if you don't save, you're slightly better off than the poor house) is better? Likewise, it used to be more common for employers to offer long-term employment with pensions. It used to be more common for families to live together across generations. I don't particularly want any of that back -- it would limit my mobility and flexibility, and I don't want to stay in one place forever -- but people are not adjusting well to the new, more independent present. The ability to pipe TV over IP is dramatically weakening the natural cable company monopolies. In AT&T phone service territory, as they upgrade their network you can switch to U-Verse for not just internet but also television, with a much improved set-top box experience. I don't agree with the claim that opening up the ability to lay a cable network to everyone would help things -- heck, look how slow the deployment of U-Verse is taking over AT&T's existing infrastructure... having to do that from scratch, laying a whole new network over the city and in everybody's yards, would be a many times larger endeavor -- but technological changes are already making competition much more possible than before since now both of those entrenched networks can be used for TV. He certainly built multiple successful companies, but he's not the only one who's done that. Few people have done what he did with Apple the second time—that's what he got really right, in terms of why people are still talking about him so much—turning the company around not just into success but into a behemoth, but if you want to know how he did that, I'd look at what changed. He was always an abusive manager/colleague, yet that didn't make Apple in the early 80s or NeXT in the 90s dominate their markets in the same way Apple of the last decade did with the iPhone/iPad. The vision, the timing, the perfectionism... none of that depends on also being a colossal jerk. Am I the only one who's not impressed at all by the touchscreen-based interior of the Model S? I can find the button I want to hit/knob I want to twist to adjust the radio or AC by feel in my current car, so I don't have to look at it while driving. Buttons are good! I'd like buttons with little screens on them so that they can always display their function in the current "mode," instead of having to be labeled with multiple things in cases like that, but I'm not seeing the benefit of going full touchscreen. On a phone or tablet it's extra screen space for displaying content—but I don't expect to be browsing the internet or looking at a photo slideshow on the center console of a car. I'm not a big phone/tablet app user, so I'm ignorant about this: how does that work for new purchasers? Is there a way to say "anyone who buys this from date X on gets these additional purchases included free"? For instance, if I buy Photoshop today, I get all the features. If I had bought the last version, I'd have an upgrade price to pay for the new features. In the in-app purchase world, does everyone always have to pay the original price + in-app purchase price? Do you just make the new base price lower (but with the low prices of apps in the first place, there's not room for many versions if you knock a buck off each one...)? And even that seems to still be new-user-unfriendly: I would be bummed if I bought an app for $1 and found out that the coolest features required another $3 in purchases, even if the app cost $4 when it first came out a couple of years ago (I probably don't even know that). You left out the "just as today…" which rather changes the tone. IDEs are just another potentially-useful (some of them are better done than others) form of abstraction to let you focus on the important parts. Despite how many people on this site and sites like it don't have some kind of cable or satellite service... we're a pretty small minority. Especially when it comes to the group of people interested in watching sports, where live is king, and the online options suck unless you live out of your teams' TV markets. I'm not surprised they're not going out of their way to cater to us. For all the "the model no longer works" comments: what's the proof? The number of people I know complaining about the model is dwarfed by the number of people I know who have cable and have been watching stuff on both TV and online all day long. I've seen a lot of legitimate complaints about how they're handling the time shifting stuff (which, surprisingly to me, has mostly been along the lines of "it's too easy to find out what happened" instead of complaining about the time shifting in the first place), but I don't see a big hole in their delivery system. They don't want to give people less reason to have cable -- and for all the money they could possibly make broadcasting the Olympics for-pay to non-cable subscribers, that's just a couple weeks every couple of years. The real win for them is if you still want to maintain a cable subscription. Interesting to read the backstory on the Calculator, since as someone whose first Mac had 256 colors and ran System 7, I always thought the Calculator looked hideously dated. Gizmo is the most amazingly hideous thing Apple ever came up with. I've never been able to decide if I hate it or love it. Even the blog's title is a Newton reference... as far as irony goes, a tip of the hat to the past with a cheesy design of a personal blog is a very different beast than an application. Personally I find his blog design a refreshing change from the follow-the-latest-"beautiful"-trend blog designs that are currently in style. It's fun. "The best way to insure that you can live the life you want and have some fun is to put all the effort in that you can now and try to put off having fun until a bit later on." How do you reconcile this with most startups failing? (Let's assume here that people fail for reasons other than just "didn't work hard enough.") Here's one source, though I don't think anyone's ever accused Nielsen of being particularly scientific... http://blog.nielsen.com/nielsenwire/media_entertainment/i-wa... "Americans spend 35 hours each week watching content across screens, and 94 percent of that is still on a traditional television." (This isn't exactly the same as people who for-sure don't "want to" drop traditional TV, but my suspicion is that anyone consuming 35 hours (!!) a week needs the 100-channels-24-7 stream of traditional cable or satellite to sate them. Pay-as-you-go has a way to go before it's cost-effective compared to that.) The cable companies should be worried about new distribution models... I'm not sure HBO should. The internet, and online-focused content producers, have so far not had a noticable impact on the demand for their own shows. Rather, this is in many ways a golden age of quality television programming, and demand for HBO certainly appears to be on the rise. So if the traditional cable model gets displaced, then HBO will be able to move then to make deals with the new distributors, or start distribution on their own, as long as they still have a product that millions of people want to pay a dozen bucks a month for. (I'm not fully convinced the current cable model will get replaced... there are an awful lot of people who want nothing more than to be able to pay just one monthly fee to get an enormous amount of video content delivered. I believe the way it's delivered will continue to move towards a pure IP-based system for practical reasons, and I believe alternate services will increasingly provide options for people who really don't need a full cable package, but once you start talking about the amount of programming the average person or family watches, the flat-rate-watch-all-you-want model is extremely attractive for consumers and the cable companies already have the content.) "If I have a choice of going to school A from which I'm 90% likely to graduate and an otherwise equally ranked school B which is 50% likely to kick me out without a diploma, which am I going to choose?" The "otherwise equally ranked school" part shows where a single-dimension ranking system falls on its face. Does it mean they accept the same quality of applicant? If so, graduating from the school with the lower graduation rate might be a much more impressive accomplishment. Or does it mean that the quality of education graduates receive is considered to be basically the same? Does that then mean the second one is just easier to get into? How would all colleges having high graduation rates avoid pigeon-holing people even further into the box that their high-school performance marked them for? If everybody can graduate, the potential signaling is reduced from "got into and graduated from school x " to just "got in to school x ." My old Symbian phone in 2006 had an intelligent zoom, either in the built-in browser or in Opera Mobile. May have just been the latter. You didn't tap to activate it, you moved a little box, but it smart-sized the column you selected to fill the screen. So is changing the mechanism to a double-tap when implementing it on a device with a touchscreen worth patenting? And that's the thing about software. It's so easy to make, compared to designing/manufacturing something physical, that there are thousands of programs out there that you've probably never used, doing who knows what, and yet people are expected to know if something's novel and patentable? First figure out for sure just what you are you looking for out of a startup. Personally, my reason for wanting to work for a startup compared to a large corporation is to get to have more influence and work on a wider variety of interesting problems across different domains. And you can get that without needing to be in a business that has potential to grow to a billions of dollars valuation. But if you're interested in maximizing your chances for crazy sums of money while you're at a time in your life that lets you take risks (and there's nothing wrong with going after that, just don't make plans around an assumption that it'll happen), that'll drive your search in a different direction. I don't know if I'm too cynical, or if he's too optimistic, but the "as long as the ideas in the book cause them to think" part is where I think he misses the mark. I know too many people who read them as gospel. "Why learn how people behave when you can teach them how to behave?" Short answer: because that rarely works. Like how it would be nice if we could be living right now in one of those pure, good-in-theory idealistic societies... We have a few ways of influencing behavior and preferences, but in many ways it's a black box, and it's usually much more productive to ask "how can I profit from helping people do what they want to do?" than "how can I make people do what I want them to do?" "I realize not everyone has an Apple Store nearby but many do." That could be a handy additional service to offer, but they'd still have to provide a non-in-store method for all the people who don't, so it wouldn't be any more secure. There is a disconnect between what a spreadsheet originally was and all the different layout/calendering/organizational stuff people also use Excel for today. For technical users it's a startling omission, but I don't think a non-technical user is going to see this and its screenshots and immediately wonder where the formulas are. Is the term misused? Who cares? It looks really cool because it's focused on the non-math use cases (which IMO are much better suited to a tablet anyway, where I wouldn't want to be entering columns of numbers on an on-screen keyboard). I assumed Bane had found the best hackers in the world with inside knowledge of the system, as a supervillian would, and had them write something that would obfuscate the origin of the trades in the "paper" trail. Basically anyone who lost money that day would blame the break-in, some of them probably did just as stupid stuff as it looked like Wayne did. So how would they know Wayne's complaint was legitimate? What didn't make sense to me was that they were able to continue the program's execution after the outside connection was cut off—if they didn't need to physically be there the whole time, why'd they need to go in guns blazing? Heck, even if they need to be there, why not just slip the program to someone on the inside along with a hefty bribe or threat or both? Other than to give Batman someone to chase for plot purposes, that is... I'm surprised how much more discussion that plot point generated than the magic identity eraser, though. "For example, if you compare a 93 deal score for a November 2012 Knicks game against a 85 deal score for a different game at MSG 3 months later, you'll know that the November ticket is without question a better value--a distinction that couldn't previously be made." Does this take stuff like opponent or day of week into account? It doesn't mention it, but opponent alone makes a pretty huge difference: if most people would rather see a team like the Lakers come to town than a team low in the standings, the prices are going to be higher. I can see this being really useful for something like a Broadway show, but sports are rather unique in this regard, and a lot of times you pick which game you want to go to for factors other than it being the best deal. Granted, for that use case, the system still functions the same as before, it's only the scale of the numbers that are different, but that might make your customers feel like they're getting a worse deal than previously. "There is _no_ incentive for them to resell their user's private information." The incentive is whatever someone else would pay for it. That may not be worth much currently compared to getting to claim to be above all that, but is your information permanently safe there? Do you trust that App.net will always be managed by the same people in the same way? I haven't seen this addressed much by proponents of the "be the customer, not the product" mantra. It would be very easy for someone to be both a customer and a product. The comment wasn't assuming that they _never_ overlap, it was assuming that they don't _always_ overlap. And that's the type of reaction extremetech is going for as well with their headline, photo, and all. I wonder if the author was actually as angry as he wants his readers to be. I don't think the article's wrong, exactly (though I'm more sympathetic to the authors than the, er, author is), but it's definitely written in a decidedly editorialized way. I guess another way to say what I'm trying to say is: he didn't need to add any spin of his own (like the RIAA line) considering the quotes and screenshots.