Addendum: essentially looking for operating costs as percentage of revenue both before and after contracting B2B services. Best of luck! If things look grim, don't give in. Could they have passed 8th grade in 1995? Doubtful: * Advances in Science * More (and more widely varied) history * Different economic and political regimes * Speaking a foreign language * Algebra II * Books (easily 90% drivel) which pass for great literature these days Hard to compare when full information is not available. What is NIST standard for a bushel of wheat? What about rate of compounding at a bank (was that 10% apr or 10% per minute)? This likely would be an easy test for most with today's level of education after a day of remedial education that covers the basics of this test. This is an advertisement. I've actually found Numpy/SciPy to have a lot of trouble in basic maximization routines as compared with Matlab. I took a two-year break in the early 2000's from technology in general by living in a very impoverished nation--it simply wasn't available to 99% of the population where I was. Before I left, I was all about piracy. I thought it was awesome, and I hoped kazaa, audiogalaxy, and others would be around in the mean time. After getting back, piracy seemed so trivial and pointless--most things I was interested in pirating before leaving was media of some sort, and this media no longer interested me. BitTorrent was relatively new, and so I never really used it for pirating (just to get Linux iso's). In regard to the OP, I guess I do neither? Hahahahaha. This cracked me up. That 8th grade exam was difficult, no? I have a friend in Apple's data mining group who told me they use Numpy/SciPy exclusively for their programming. I was surprised. My experience has not been all that great either. But it's fun to tinker. \begin[possibly failing]{humor} Alright! Apple did something wrong! Took PCWorld long enough to bring it to our attention. I mean, what, didn't the MacBook Air come out yesterday? And it can't perform well as items already on the market? \end{humor} Because the resources are now dedicated to SEO? Yaye for libertarianism! Oh wait, these things are a net-negative for society and those involved. Never mind, argument is null. Agreed This meets your fancy? http://lpg.ticalc.org/prj_tiemu/ I don't--I just googled "TI92 Emulator" or something to that effect, and this was the first result--and surprisingly nonspammed. Here are some places I would immediately look--you most likely have come across some or all of these. I suspect some of the smaller proprietary products teams may be more accessible in interviewing. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_computer_algebra_... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numerical_analysis_soft... R is sweet. Octave has its ups and downs--I'm thinking Numpy/SciPy/Matlibplot may be a better route for my own personal computing (still learning though)--especially since Python has bindings practically for everything. I agree that Sage still needs work (the 100+ bugs submitted daily to the RSS support feed says so!) but it works really well. Sage install for Ubuntu is very straightforward--they even provide the command to unpack. If you've programmed in Python, or even better Fortran or C, the installation is mostly trivial. Nontrivial is compiling from source, however :-). Sage does more than Mathematica, as I understand it. It can be used as a replacement for Matlab, R, etc. I got informed of it by friend who is an applied mathematician by day and a .Net guru by night. Wikipedia has a decent writeup at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagemath Octave does not have a pre-packaged optimization routine or a usable toolbox of which I am aware, and I find GnuPlot abysmal (but this is likely due to my lack of experience with it). These are probably easily corrected. But solutions already exist within the FLOSS community with other packages such as Sage (and, of course, Numpy and the rest)--reinventing the wheel is something few have time for! :-) This is a big reason I like Sage: it is designed like the Borg in that it uses bindings to connect into other software (both proprietary and open source). Yes! Star Trek reference and SageMath in the same sentence. It is a good night. No. The government cannot make law restricting the freedom of speech. But legally signing away your freedom of speech is an enforceable contract. It has nothing to do with "bringing in the government, ERGO freedom of speech". That is not the way litigation works. Yes, I can. I was employed by such a company and laid off when I made a stink. There is no legal "law" of such: it's an economic reality, however. I don't know how to downvote. I thought the Greeks were painting in very vivid colors? http://io9.com/5616498/ultraviolet-light-reveals-how-ancient... The concept was good, but overwhelmed by typos. Those that downvoted: was this too critical? Is it a mistake to be concerned with the quality of posts? I'm still new to HN and learning the culture: please forgive any trespass or offense I may have caused. The power of Google: http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/Chrome/thread?tid=2bb3... Thanks. Why do you suppose this is required for encrypted.google, but not for, say, JSTOR.com? This is quite similar to the setup in Daniel Suarez's novel, but with updated tech. Agreed. Awesomeness. Really just wondering if this has the potential to keep out recruiting riff-raff, and serve as a platform for better Web 2.0 job postings. Thoughts? Kudos for keeping locational variety. Is there a flag/keyword we can enter into the search to ignore location? Agreed Interesting. Do you think we will see micro-VC's start up, like Prosper or Kickstart for startups? Bwahahahah! Thumbs up! Will look into it. I have experience with python, matlab/octave, R, and an itsy bitsy amount of C#/SQL/Java from another life (figuratively). Can OpenCL be implemented on systems which do not support CUDA? I have a relatively inexpensive HP bought about 3 years ago that, well, just won't run CUDA even with an nvidia card :-) What typically keeps a person with average wealth from investing in venture capital? Another part of it is that cable companies/telcos already provide content for a fee that many content providers provide on the internets for free. Hence, content providers cut into their supposed bottom-line. Content providers piggy-back on the ISPs in markets within which the ISP has already entered: one would expect the ISP, as a local monopoly, to exercise market power to force exit of the content providers. Time for the content providers (Google, HN) to invest in ISPs? Fair enough. How would you recommend getting this idea to people who have enough credibility to do something about it? I do not have the capability to attend SF mixers :-) Apologies for the typos. A mob mind is rarely well-informed. I call BS on your BS call. Releasing something like this puts it into the public domain. Unless the FBI has a contract already in place, payment is not ensured. Getting government rents must be very nice. Cebuano Boholanon Winary English Perhaps encouraging people to unplug and go for a walk in the park? >The fact that there's so many variables isn't the reason such an analysis would fail. The reason is that there's just not enough input to predict personality type with any statistical significance. Isn't this the whole idea of factor analysis/singular variable decomposition? Yes, but can they _replicate_? If so, we're doomed! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gray_goo I comment more than I should, and soak up an enormous amount of intellectual capital I now employ. Thanks, great minds! "One of us tells the truth, and one of us always lies." I disagree, politely, that most HN readers find no issues with writing style. I base this on a subsample of one and extrapolate. wink wink Seriously though, HN isn't Reddit or Digg. I feel a little class and care can reasonably be expected from the informed commentator. Background? What is all this? I created this tutorial to help technically-savvy scientific programmers (but not necessarily full-on programmers) to install PyCUDA on Ubuntu 10.10. It probably cannot suit all needs, but I felt my roadblocks were common enough (and the limit of my knowledge familiar enough) to warrant a gathering of disjunct information into a small tutorial. I'm not looking to turn into a professional tutorial by any means. I'm really just wanting to see if there are questions from hackers at my level, not Linux, Ubuntu, Python, or CUDA sages :-) Thanks HN! I humbly submit this as the best browser ever invented. Now if only grooveshark or other music utilities worked with it. Or even Facebook :-) I am probably echoing many when I say: Great job! How can we rate individual books? Wait... he complains on his post about not submitting his blog posts to the community.. which then gets submitted to the community and upvoted (albeit probably not by him). Does that sum it up? Agreed completely. Did you read the linked article? I like it. But this is more of a business and economic rule, no? In response to ha-hn: The intent to this post is not to create mathematical elitism, but to highlight an important mathematical concept that comes up in programming--and many programmers may work with or around it without realizing it. As I understand it, this concept is used in: * Compression Algorithms * Signal Analysis * Pagerank * Factor Analysis * Animation (especially when considering more than 3 points of information for each vector) * Clustering in Machine Learning * Noise reduction in DSP * Match.com's dating algorithm * Principal Component analysis * Image scaling * Control theory I know it has been used in many more applications beyond this list. I'm sorry you feel a smack of mathematical elitism. The concepts here are not inherently difficult, just a little complex. Here is a great resource to learn more: http://www.puffinwarellc.com/index.php/news-and-articles/art... Because these are among the most important mathematical concepts a programmer needs to understand--not "almost" the most important :-) As with other comments, I agree the tone is self-defeating. When did we forget the difference between problems and conditions? Problems are things with solutions within our power. Conditions are things without solutions within our power. I feel the author could benefit greatly by learning how to determine what could be solved with one's own effort--and an employer stealing life away is solvable, IMHO, in numerous ways. Also, this piece could be an argument for automation. If the employer is stealing your life, would you not be happier having a machine do your job, giving you the freedom to live your life? Theft of labor resources, if you're salary non-exempt and reading HN is not in your job description :-) The quick, easy, and non-communist way to do this is to have the opportunity for employees to become shareholders through purchase of premium stock and bonds. This solves the moral hazard problem quite well. A few points: HN is not amero-centric "The American Dream BS" is not correctly stated in the original piece, thus cannot be the "BS" cannot be what HN folks want to follow * Anyone can make it if they choose to. Not everyone succeeds on the first try, but the odds are with the person who chooses to learn from mistakes and try better the next time. * Success is ill-defined when one makes money and prestige the only inputs. As an example of what one small subset of the world thinks, view the third quotation here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._McKay#Quotations If anyone at Netflix is listening: BUY FIREFLY AND MAKE NEW EPISODES. I would gladly play an extra $4 a month (or more) on top of streaming just for access to new weekly/biweekly episodes of that. I guess grad school really is a bubble. I had no idea they canceled SG:U. What's this Sarah Conner Chronicles I'm hearing about? I agree, Netflix should just buy SyFy from NBC and revamp it. But where would they show movies akin to Sharktopus? Poor Digg staff. I hear Reddit is hiring engineers... Will this be better than Python? I'm still a programming tinkerer so I don't have enough knowledge to evaluate. Well good! I enjoy Digg and would hate to see it go down like the article implies. Why the downvote/flag? Did I say something offensive here? I really am curious. I was unaware Cw was as old as it is when I first posted this. I originally got a 404 error and thought it was some kind of prank. what do you mean, email@domain.com +hn? Unions are great when the group supported is homogeneous. Otherwise, in my opinion alone, they are pretty inefficient to the functioning of the firm. I don't say that people shouldn't have the right to collectively bargain. I just worry about the right balance of power between right-to-work and union extremes. Did anyone else get a huge Web of Trust warning from this site? I'm very confused as to why my previous comment got downvoted. HN confuses me occasionally. Is it because I use WOT? Or because I brought attention to an issue with the site? Or "playas b hatin"? Also cdevroe, here is the WOT rating--my guess is someone didn't like a post or two: http://www.mywot.com/en/scorecard/cdevroe.com That's way cool! Am I the only one who thinks that Windows, with malware, worms, and trojans, are more akin to the zerg? Whereas Linux, with its post-humanism, is akin to Terrans? I read the name of this, and thought "Mal Odor... oh dear." That being said, this is like a Mac version of Wine for Linux? If so, cool. Another excellent idea: make it a regression: Wage = a + b years experience + c title + d language coded + ... [a b c d ...] = ([array.T array]^(-1) array.T wage thus people can figure out for themselves where they should be! :-) So what's failing then? Almost ready for primetime. Keep up the good work Google. You might like Gnumeric. It has almost all the functionality of Excel 2003. Pr(download is malicious)*Pr(block random download uniformly out of 14 downloads for each server, because timing 14 individual downloads across the entire Internet is ludicrous) = 1/196 Please get on this Grooveshark. I run Linux and your client runs so slowly. A thousand pardons-13/30! How does this compare with Coderoom? A good reason for a Linux guest on VBox, I spose. Nice! Where's the rest? I've programmed now for 5 years, and I find C hard. But then, I've mainly programmed in C# and Python. Yes. I found it useful maybe 70% of the time--more than most texts. The critical factor, IMHO, is clarity and conciseness of writing. Zed does a good job with this (I didn't know his name until this thread, BTW). What is a capacitive button? EDIT: Oh, I see now. They are buttons that respond to electric impulse from the fingers on touchscreens. The solution the author seems to be seeking is: everyone should use the old Nokia bricks? I find this true in many PhD fields (and their relative measures of success) Does anyone else think the guy looks a little like Hitler? Perhaps a different nose... Just saying. It's hard to tell what exactly I see with 8bit sprites! :-) What? Gmail redesigned? I use a desktop client, so I never really focus on the webside. Does no one use ScribTeX? Check it out: http://www.scribtex.com/ How does it compare to open-source Matlab alternatives such as Gnu/Octave? Fair point. Here is a link to my cv: http://tinyurl.com/vitatomrod I don't know you, but I feel similarly. I think ambition drives us to stay up late and arise early. It's not a common trait in mankind I'm finding. This may be silly, but are you keeping up with the basics? Do you make time to exercise? To write down your day in a journal? To recreate somehow daily? Simple things like this I've found are essential for my personal mental well-being. Another point a prof taught me--take time to celebrate small accomplishments. Fix a particularly nasty bug? Go for a short walk, or shoot some hoops in the hallway trashcan. That way you aren't deluded with problems like a bad day of rain. Good luck, friend.