Another Google data point: Steve Yegge ported Ruby on Rails to JavaScript because Google works in only 4 languages... C++, Java, Python, and JavaScript. http://www.iunknown.com/2007/06/steve-yegge-por.html Legos. The "I'm feeling lucky" button is far more useful than it first appears, I find it invaluable (well, the backend function that supports the button, at least) I use it to quickly get to the [usually] most relevant Wikipedia page using the custom search bars in Safari (via Inquisitor) and Firefox: http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=3 It's cool that NYT is releasing some of their code as open source projects, but I'm not sure I understand this particular project. The first thing I thought of when I heard "SQL" and "JSON" in the same sentence was "oh please don't let this be some client side JavaScript SQL thing"... it basically exposes your database as a HTTP service: you send it SQL in a HTTP request and it returns JSON in a HTTP response. Where's the authentication? What's stopping someone from doing " http://myserver.com:9090/db?DROP%20TABLE%20articles " or something? Great! I've been attempting to develop iPhone applications using the unofficial toolchain, but it hasn't been easy considering the complete lack of documentation and smorgasboard of new/different frameworks. While, in some respects, it's very similar to programming on Mac OS X with Objective-C and some of the same Cocoa frameworks, the interface frameworks are completely different. It will be nice to get an Apple supported solution. viewbug? I feel dirty using anti-aliased monospaced fonts in shells and text editors. Apparently there's no good way to turn off anti-aliasing in Eclipse on OS X, which drove me absolutely nuts, but this guy came up with a genius (but ugly) hack to fake it: http://www.partlyhuman.com/blog/roger/aliased-text-mac-eclip... You use variable width fonts for programming?! I just hope I never have work on the same code with you. There's just so many cases where having monospaced font is useful and easier to read when dealing with code. My university (USC) set up a system like this after the Virginia Tech tragedy. It includes email, cell phone / voicemail, SMS, and pagers. wikipedia? http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Fundraising A common misconception is that Moore's "law" states that processor speed will double every 18 months or so. That's incorrect. In fact, Moore said that the NUMBER of transistors on a processor would double roughly every 18 months. It turns out that they are correlated, since smaller transistors means both faster transistors and more transistors per unit of area. My point is that more processor cores require more transistors, and thus the end of Moore's Law also means the end of more processor cores (ignoring things like architectural advancements or more but less powerful cores) That said, I do agree that we will see an increasing number of cores, at least for awhile. First of all, it's important to have an OS that efficiently manages the cores and the applications that run on them. This automatically benefits everyone who runs multiple applications on a multi-core machine, since each application gets a larger slice of time and fewer context switches. Multiple cores could also eliminate dedicated components like GPUs which would bring down the cost of low end machines. As far as programming languages go, I hear Erlang is good for concurrency, though I've never used it. I think Tim O'Reilly summed it up pretty well: "If a company needs to identify itself as a "Web 2.0" company rather than describing the problem they are solving, or the opportunity they are creating, then they are just playing the buzzword game, and aren't worth investing in." Some of the ideas of "Web 2.0" are definitely worth pursuing, but those alone aren't a replacement for a legitimately good business idea. Honestly, there's a lot of fluff out there under the "Web 2.0" name, and I think that's what Kleiner wants to stay away from. I think the biggest thing is that cheap != easy Sure, you can write good software with a cheap Pc and entirely free software, and there may be very little equipment costs compared to other industries. But that doesnt make it EASY. I'm sorry, but no one has the right to compare themselves to Steve Jobs. In programming languages every character is just as important as every other character (on average), so each character should get the same amount of space. For example, looking at this: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/images/programming-fonts-2-... ...the "!" in the conditional is squished into about 3 pixels, but it has just as much importance as any other character, if not more. Glancing at this code you might not even notice it. In normal text it is also important, but would appear at the end of a sentence, which would be hard to miss...but wedged in there between the "(" and "O" it gets lost. Another example is trying to line up things. This is sort of a style preference, but sometimes I like doing things like this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Now, when I typed that the text field was using a monospaced font and everything was lined up perfectly. Chances are, you're viewing it with a variable width font... is it lined up? Not really. (edit: ok in this case multiple whitespace characters are converted to a single point but you get the idea) What about this: float percent = 0.4f; int width = 640, height = 480; char flag = 'A'; Much nicer, eh? Variable width fonts are optimized for readability of free flowing text like books, articles, etc. Code is highly structured, and lining things up and that sort of thing can help the readability. Can you give me cases where variable width font in code is better? I mostly agree with this, except I also think it's pretty important to have at least one other co-founder... but it's even more important for you to be able to trust and work well with those co-founder(s). Going out and finding some random dude that you don't know or trust to be a co-founder for the sake of having a co-founder seems like a huge gamble and just a bad idea. Does it use Markdown? I guess there's one way to find out... emphasis strong This is an H1 ============= This is an H2 ------------- ### This is an H3 ###### [Y Combinator]( http://www.ycombinator.com ) Nope, just similar I guess... My best piece of advice... 10 minutes goes by really fast. My psych major friend is working on a theory that procrastinators have naturally low levels of endorphins, so they subconsciously use the stress of procrastination to raise those levels. I thought that was a pretty fascinating theory. Yeah I thought the two were mutually exclusive... Perhaps this comment on the Uncov article explains it: "subtext: persai is going to launch soon...crap, better start making some friends" My university had the usual ACM algorithmic programming contests, but the ACM and UPE (CS honor society) student groups also put on other "alternative" programming contests, which I found more fun. Last year they had a 24 hour programming contest to make the best app based around a certain theme... "a series of tubes": http://uscp24.com/ My team made a crime tracking web app for my school, which had nothing to do with tubes except we called it TOOBS: http://toobs.tlrobinson.net/ This year they're doing a two day contest called "Code for a Cause" where teams make accessibility software for the disabled: http://ss12.info/ What happened to the quite simple idea of me giving money to an ISP in return for unfettered access to the Internet? Oh, that's right... ISPs oversell bandwidth in the hope that most people don't [try to] saturate their connections. Then when they do, the ISPs come up with b.s. excuses like piracy to throttle customer's connections. I'm not saying piracy isn't a problem, but the ISP's job is to [p]rovide [I]nternet [s]ervice, not decided what I should or shouldn't be able to do on the Internet. Why am I not surprised that a Perl programmer feels that he's too good for syntax highlighting? That said, I do like some of his alternative highlighting ideas. Maybe someone can hack together something with svn/cvs, etc. You're forgetting one thing that every software company office needs: whiteboards Don't bother with real whiteboards, they're expensive... just get 4' x 8' sheets of white tileboard from Home Depot for $13. Huge and cheap. I even got one for my room at home. Credit goes to this page: http://www.kk.org/cooltools/archives/000679.php Fight the urge to go with one of those logo factories that churns out dozens of rehashed logos. It's a waste of money. Correlation != Causation It drives me crazy when I hear stories about "Children who [play an instrument / listen to classical music / have a pet] are smarter than average". While that itself may be true, the implication that one causes the other most likely isn't. It's far more likely that a kid is smart AND plays an instrument or listens to classical music because their parents foster that sort of environment. If your kid is dumb, making him listen to classical music isn't going help. There was a great Penn and Teller "Bullshit!" episode about this: http://www.sho.com/site/ptbs/prevepisodes.do?episodeid=s1/bb My computer science and computer engineering major required a discrete math course (which mostly included combinatorics, set theory, and logic) and probability theory, plus calc 1-3, linear algebra, and diff eq. I also took number theory. Out of all of them, I'd say the discrete math course was the most applicable. It also sort of depends on what area of CS you're interested in. For example, probability / statistics for computer networks, number theory for cryptography, artificial intelligence uses lots of logic (and many others), graph/set theory for general algorithms, geometry for graphics etc. It writes fine, and erases pretty well. It does leave a faint "ghosting", but an occasional wipe with some whiteboard cleaner makes it go away. It's hard to complain for $13. I mean, we covered a whole wall for about $40. Oh no, please don't let Hacker News turn into Ron Paul News... I mean Reddit. I wanted to do something like this a couple months ago but on a larger (although anonymous) scale, but haven't gotten around to it. I live pretty much right at the corner of the 10 and 110 freeways in downtown Los Angeles, two of the busiest freeways in southern California, if not the country/world. The idea was to set up a high gain antenna pointing at the freeway, and track all the thousands, if not millions, of Bluetooth enabled cell phones that pass by every day. Maybe I'm just a sucker for random statistics, but you could get some interesting data, like the relative numbers of phones from different manufacturers (I believe Bluetooth MAC address ranges are tied to manufacturers), traffic stats like the number of cars per minute, or even the speed of the cars determined by the period that a device stays within range. not caffeine I just donated/ordered my OLPC! http://www.laptopgiving.org/ I loved Sim City! I wonder though, how useful is a game that's centered around American type cities to kids in developing countries? Right place, right time. JavaScript, at least up until recently. It definitely got a bad reputation due to it's inappropriate name (trying to jump on the Java bandwagon, nothing to with Java whatsoever), copy/paste JavaScript snippets of the late 90s (giving us exciting features like blinking/scrolling text, fun cursors, etc), ginormous browser inconsistencies, and the use of prototypal inheritance instead of classical inheritance. Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting Hmmm scriptable Sim City... That could be interesting you mean cracker? http://valleywag.com/tech/breakdowns/truck-driver-in-texas-k... Who's to say that the two can't be the same? Though I don't think the "winner" won't come from Google. Whoaaaa, double negative, my bad. What I meant to say was "Though I don't think the "winner" will come from Google." I wouldn't call this a "server side GUI"... It's a client side application that happens to be loaded from a server and run within a browser. Gmail's support for IMAP is even sketchier. It's terrible. Perhaps it's because Gmail uses labels rather than folders, it doesn't map well. Also, when I delete a message from the inbox, it doesn't actually delete the freakin message, it just removes it from the inbox. Arggggg. Meebo and Facebook have puzzles too. Why so verbose? Am I the only one who likes concise code? 'pos=solvepuzzle&auth='+(new Date()).getTime() edit: yes, that's milliseconds If it looked something like this you're not done: YWxlcnGZvbGxvd2luZzogQoJ1zZWNyZXQgY29kZSB1zZWNyZXQgGZvbGxvd2luZzogY29pczYioyK== For the first step, yes... but that's just the first step... And actually, I couldn't get curl to work... I'm guessing I wasn't setting the referrer or user agent right or something. Does anyone know of any other job puzzles like this? The only ones I've seen are Facebook and Meebo: http://www.facebook.com/jobs_puzzles/ http://blog.meebo.com/jobs#web It's pretty silly that people keep making a big deal about this guy being a "surfer"... He has a PhD in theoretical physics... and also happens to be a surfer. So what? I plan on using the OLPC XO as an ebook reader. It's got a dual mode screen for full color indoors and grayscale in sunlight outdoors. Since it runs Linux I'm sure it could handle pretty much any format you throw at it, given the right software. $400 (including donation of a laptop to a child), so same price, but can do a hell of a lot more. Plus it looks cool. Plus you're donating a laptop to a child. One week left... http://laptopgiving.org/ You were probably exaggerating, but for reference: public class hello { public static void main(String args[]) { System.out.println("Hello World"); } } Also, I interviewed with a large company that shall remain nameless (probably not who you would expect), and one of the interviewers mentioned that their build system was a MILLION lines of Perl... Without more details I can't be sure, but this sounds like exactly the type of useless Facebook app I would absolutely hate. Yes, the position was for the build team, so I assume maintaining that beast was part of the job. - here - http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/ (programming languages) - http://joel.reddit.com/ (software in general) I once asked a similar question, and someone recommended dreamincode.net ... don't bother... most of the questions are like "what is a boolean?" svn We're using it because it's free, suits our needs fine, and is pretty much the standard these days (especially for open source projects) p.s. you know TortiseSVN is just a Windows client for Subversion, right? Why not? Have you read "1984"? Like industrial systems engineering? At least at my school that was considered the "easy" engineering major. I have a feeling that "liberal science" would tend to be even easier. But if executed well I think it's a good idea. I try to use mine as an ebook reader, but despite the high resolution display it's hard to read for extended periods of time. First of all, I'll say that this (really neat sounding) project doesn't necessarily fall into the following category, the title just reminded me of a pet peeve of mine... I'm always skeptical of the claims of "do this amazing thing in x lines of code" where x is some ridiculously small number. For example, the prototypical 10 minute Ruby on Rails blog, or the 1 line of code WebKit-based web browser. The problem with these things is they make great whiz bang demos, but they really don't take any less code, it's just that you don't have to write that code because it's already written for you and hidden behind a layer of abstraction... which is great, as long as it can also be applied to real world problems, not just little toy demos. Neat, but does this really actually improve web application development (the client side of things)? You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM. "I have a difficult time seeing the value in an application that can be developed by a first-year computer science student in one weekend." First of all, the value doesn't come from the technology, the value comes from the users. RockYou's applications have millions upon millions of Facebook users, each of which can generate revenue via... advertising! Second, that said, I doubt a first year CS student could write a scalable implementation of Super Wall, etc, that would support said millions upon millions of users. Basically, RockYou is like HotOrNot... not very technologically exciting, but managed to get a critical mass of users. If another company tried to duplicate what HotOrNot or RockYou has done now , they would fail miserably, and believe me, many have tried. You read Joel's Strategy Letter VI, didn't you? This does nothing to abstract away all the nastiness of dealing with browsers. For example, from their introduction, you end up with stuff like this: (html-stream *standard-output* (html (:html (:head (css (* :border "1px solid black") (div.bl0rg :font-family "serif") (("a:active" "a:hoover") :color "black" :size "200%")))))) I was asking about Joel's article because you used the phrase "JS has become your assembly language", which he also mentions. My comment regarding abstracting away browser nastiness was in response to my original comment, "You still have to deal with HTML and CSS and the DOM", which you didn't address. "The idea of abstracting away from the browser entirely seems attractive, but turns out to be impractical once you get to know the problem better." In fact, I know the problem very well, and can tell you that this is simply not true. Unfortunately I can't give you any more details right now, so I'm sure you'll think I'm full of shit. I'll admit that a) I'm biased, and b) I haven't looked at Parenscript in depth, but from what I've seen I don't see it solving any problem well enough to get non-Lisp geeks to use it. http://www.ajaxflakes.com/web-20/top-100-online-generators-w... I challenge someone to create a "web 2.0 generator generator". Or a generator that uses these generators to generate a "web 2.0" site without any interaction from the developer. Not unlike the CS research paper generator that these guys wrote: http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen/ Some of the papers were actually accepted into conferences. Summary: J2EE sucks. Rails, Django, WebGears, and Zope are pretty nice. The problem with this demo is that both examples (hello world, and a time tracking app) are very simple examples. While it's very easy to do simple things in Rails (can't speak for the others), it's still hard to do moderately to very complex things. There's no magic bullet. That said, Rails, etc to make things more fun and take some of the grunt work out. I think the problem is we have two very different solutions to two different problems . Parenscript seems great for the things you're describing, but those are the things I happen to not be interested in. I'll be sure to let you know when we have something more to show, I'd be interested to hear your opinions of it. "Nearly everything is a hash... everything else is an Object" Huh? Objects are basically hash tables/associative arrays in JavaScript... I didn't really read the article, but the title gave me another idea: Type your (potential or existing) password into Google. If you get any hits, it's not a good password. Of course there are exceptions, and just because Google doesn't get any hits doesn't mean it definitely is a good password. But it seems like a decent measure of password security. Please ignore this. The guy who started this whole "why(firefox|digg|etc)isblocked.com" thing is a sleazebag SEO jackass. This is just another publicity stunt of his. It also shows how predictable the Digg users are... if you want a bunch of traffic from Digg, make something to piss off Digg users. Digg: mob mentality at it's finest. The problem is that the patent system is a) broken and b) very abused. It's at the point where companies will go out and patent everything they possibly can, in order to protect themselves . Then, when company A decides to sue company B for patent infringement, company B simply finds a patent of theirs that company A is infringing, and they counter-sue then call it even. It's utterly ridiculous, but it's common and considered normal these days. For example, the Qualcomm / Broadcom patent lawsuits. Cisco does the same thing. I don't leave my laptop in my car... I'm just waiting for my laptop to break / get stolen, it would give me a great excuse to buy a new one... (it's a 1.33GHz PowerBook...) Yeah, as far as I'm concerned, the OLPC XO is a far better device than the Kindle. Sure it doesn't have "free" EV-DO for buying ebooks from Amazon, but it runs Linux so you can use any ebook format you want (without paying Amazon). Plus full web browsing and other (basic) desktop apps that you would expect from a low end laptop. ...For the same price as a Kindle ( including a donation of a laptop to a child in a developing nation) Remember, $400 is the cost of two XOs. So really it's more like half the price of a Kindle . Plus as qaexl noted, you're not taking into account inflation, etc. And I do think the Kindle is overpriced. Most. Overused. Rhetorical. Device. Ever. Yes, eval() is much slower than it's call() equivalent. When the iPhone came out I had a great idea to actually implement this... unfortunately there were too many road blocks, the main one being that the carriers don't tell you where the cell towers are. http://tlrobinson.net/blog/?p=24 A company called Navizon ( http://www.navizon.com/ ) has such a product, and they rely on users to wardrive for WiFi and cell towers. cyber-squatters lie somewhere between the scammers and spammers on my internet jackass shitlist. Google's "I'm feeling lucky" feature just takes the first result. If there's an image search API you could just use that, taking the first result. It's really fascinating to see the beginnings of something as huge as Facebook. Is this written by Zuckerberg, or one of the guys suing him for "stealing" Facebook? Is it a journal, or a chat log, or something else? More details plz! +1 for Colloquy on OS X Normally I find Scoble's videos incredibly boring, but these guys have a really neat idea. It's a WiFi enabled platform with a bunch of different plug-in modules (LCD screens, GPS, camera, motion sensor, accelerometer, etc) that you can put together in different interesting ways. It lets people easily build obscure but useful things that would otherwise never get built due to the complexility of building such things. One example they had was a GPS/internet enabled radar detector, that would automatically report the locations of speed traps. Sounds good to me! Interesting. I find it amusing that he went to all the trouble (well, not that much trouble) of using MySQL's spatial database features when the following simple query performed even better: SELECT country_code FROM ip_country WHERE ip_to >= INET_ATON('%s') ORDER BY ip_to ASC LIMIT 1 I voted your comment up because I'm a Trojan, but I have to admit, I somewhat agree with this. I do think its much more applicable to undergraduate students than graduate students though. Any of the non-comparison sorts (radix, bucket, etc) would be good since he specified the elements are integers. http://www.laptopgiving.org/en/shipping-information.php You should get yours between December 17-31, though those dates are "conservative". I ordered mine within a couple minutes of them going on sale, so I'm hoping I get mine before I leave for vacation... Unfortunately at this point the "view/edit source" button is exactly the same as on browsers... view source. It only works for web pages and it's not editable. I think the editable version is in the works. I do think it's a great idea, but I imagine it would be very overwhelming for a kid who has never used a computer before, let alone programmed (in a foreign language, too, most likely). What would be really neat was if in addition to opening the source, it also had some sort of dynamic tutorial that would explain what the kid was looking at. For example, they open up a webpage and it explains the HTML to them. I too plan to use mine as my primary travel laptop. I've realized that 97.482% of the time I'm just coding/web browsing/emailing/chatting, which doesn't require too much horsepower. I also think the XO will make an excellent ebook reader. Screw the Kindle! It will be a pleasant downgrade from the ginormous 17" PowerBook I've been lugging around for the past 4 years. The black and white mode is front lit, not back lit, so it definitely won't work well in the dark. Other than that, I'm not sure, but I'll definitely be interested to try it. Yeah that's what I thought too. Someone on #olpc on irc.freenode.net mentioned it a couple days ago. I do think they're still working on it, it's just not going to be ready right away. So are we taking this to the next level or not? Where's the Reddit/Digg buttons? Neat, but not very practical/useful unless you are very constrained by memory and need a doubly linked list that you will always traverse starting at one end (much like stream ciphers, you can't just jump to the middle, since the next/prev pointer depends on the last one, which depends on the one before that, all the way back to the first) Though I do love the XOR operator, and this just adds one more reason why (like the XOR swap trick http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XOR_swap_algorithm or XOR's extensive use in cryptography). The problem is, yes, there are libraries available for these things, but as far as I can tell they're not usually included or standardized. When I fire up Ruby or Python or whatever I know that most of the things I need are already there, and I don't usually have to go hunting down libraries all over the net. There are just too many options for dialects, libraries, etc. I want one standard Lisp that has all the "expected" things built in so I can focus on programming . Golden Gate Bridge, Fisherman's Warf, Alcatraz, etc if you're into the touristy stuff. The hotels around Union Square are nice and centrally located. Uncov is getting old. It was funny for awhile, but now it just seems like he's being an asshole for the sake of being an asshole. Like the "Web 2.0" version of Maddox. 6. I'm a mediocre programmer at best but could easily write a chess program that, with infinite processing power, would be perfect. Yeah, IF you had infinite processing power, it would be a nearly trivial exhaustive search program. IF I had a way to read my opponents emotions, etc like humans can, then I could write a fairly trivial program to do well at poker. But those are two very big "IF"s. The problem is the two games are very different. Chess is a game of perfect information, where both players know the entire state of the game. Poker is not, plus it has an element of chance. You can't really compare the two. That's the point, it's hard to cheat "average karma per post"... you have to actually have posts that people like and upvote, instead of zillions of crappy posts. Carefully. This is just silly, their top 5 (Yahoo, Facebook, MySpace, Google, and YouTube), just happen to be 5 of THE most trafficked websites on the Web (all in the top 7, according to Alexa). This smells like linkbait. Though I do agree that MySpace is pure evil.