University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention. For someone like myself that hates working with flash but likes JavaScript i'm glad things like this are being made. This is one of the ares which will really pay off from the new wave of browsers competing to create the best JavaScript engine. Unless specifically stated otherwise most major sites would be tracking and storing IP addresses. I have been using the prototype based one. Good to have something like this around if I look to try and standardize everything in JQuery later on. We should see this for what it will most probably be. One step on the path to creating a search engine which understands and computes your question based on the sum of all knowledge on the internet. I think it can rival a structured dataset if it is done correctly. The big advantage that google has, and I know there was a paper they put out about it a couple of months ago, is that they have access to such a large source of data that they can use a great deal of sources to weed out the noise by only using the stuff that appears over many sources. Then you could also assign sources a reliability rating based on how acurite the information they provide is compared with other reliable sources. Kind of like a new pagerank but for data integrety. I'd pay for my hotmail mainly because it's an established mail account that's used everywhere plus I like what they have done with the windows live mail program. I'd probably pay for a lot of other random small sites to if a single micro payment provider got universally supported. 2 javascripts running the same algorithm with slightly different performance might not actually make a large difference in who ends up winning, or you would see lots of draws just because in the alloted time examining a few but not a lot of extra moves and probably no more moves ahead might not help much. There is of course though a fine line between going the extra distance for a client and being taken advantage of/ underpaid. Sounds like more of an indicator to me, so they can go talk to the person if the red flags go off. On there size scale many people would probably slip through the cracks if they just used a regular method of trying to get to know all the employees that work under them. Can't say I've ever had a problem paying a decent amount for a book. Never been a fan of ebooks either. I think we'd be in a lot of trouble if most traditional journalism disappeared, so much blog information is just opinion on news generated by traditional journalism or opinion pieces. While in the web company area that hacker news covers this may not be the case a lot of blogging is. This idea is about as old as google itself. I find the fees for recieveing payments from ebay auctions kinda stupid. Just eBays way of hitting you twice. Wordpress defiantly encrypt there passwords in some unreversable format using a salt. I don't think SSL is really necessary for a community site like the wordpress one. It can also work the other way though, relaxing during senior year could put you in the wrong frame of mind entering college and result it you not putting the effort in there either. Would be interesting to see if someone could use this data to incorporate into an intelligent Google squared/ wolfram alpha type search engine for programming questions. I've found recently that at crunch time on uni work/ freelance work I seem to just omit the having a life part of my day to maintain a similar amount of sleep. Also the sleep moves from say midnight -1 to 10-11 to about 5-6 to 12-2 I find the issue runs in programming as well although less important in day to day life it is certainly an advantage to know whats going on with the programs and websites the average person uses. What I find more frustrating is when people in computer science courses basically dismiss something your explaining to them to be over there heads. Defiantly not anything useful at the moment, even there example searches seemed a bit sketchy. I think it will probably be a company like Google that cracks this problem just because of the sheer data/ processing power you would need available to have a good crack at it, we are a fair way off that though. There is also the aspect of trying to catch up to Google, even if it isn't a great investment they may see it as there last real chance to catch Google. Customers probably wouldn't respond well to another rebranding in future. Theres also the emotional aspect, you'd imagine Steve Ballmer would like nothing more than to take Google down a couple of pegs. I think this seems to be aimed more at countries where the resources for higher learning are absent apart from the very rich. In those cases accreditation wouldn't be very important because the main focus would be on developing skills and the qualifications gained would speak for themselves. Although I think if it is being aimed at the very disadvantaged the fees still seem like they would hold people back. appropriate is really just anything of interest to the HN crowd i'd say. Would take a toll but it sounds like the way he works he could just randomly sleep an extra couple of hours to make up for it. The same would be true of startups that become big companies. For example I'm sure it would be a nightmare at somewhere like Google to make UI changes to the core search listings. I think someone who has worked on both sides would provide a better insight into the problems faced at large corporate companies compared to the startup environment. One of the problems I'm seeing where I go to university is that with budget cut's one of the most effected area's is course preparation. Lecturers aren't getting paid properly to update there courses and as a result are using the same or very similar lecture notes/ assignments and exams for years. Basically meaning that any innovation in the courses is coming out of the lecturers own time. A pattern emerges in that the young, recently graduated lecturers will put the extra effort in to make there subject good and the older ones by and large will just run what they have been running with for many years. Decent idea, in the same way that there is something special about a book over an eBook there is something special about handwritten notes on a big birthday or farewell card which may impact usage of something like this. Looks well done though and the handwriting like fonts may combat this. The point about how obama can claim a victory no matter what the outcome is closely paralleled here in Australia where the government has a 42billion stimulus package including giving nearly the whole population $950. They have claimed that the handouts have been effective in saving jobs despite the trend towards higher unemployment still occurring like America. It's impossible to truly gauge the effects of the handout on the economy. Sounds like the author used to be an avid gamer that has only really skimmed over modern games. Should be a compulsory upgrade, at least from IE6, not exactly like anyones using FF1 anymore, and the only usage I seen of 2 is from some machines at Uni that have had a serious lack of IT staff attention. Hmm, kinda sucks my name got taken minutes in. It would be interesting to know how many of that workforce actually work in engineering type roles. MySpace, being part of news corp, also probably has a large amount of people in traditional media content type roles. I think they have managed that side of the business well, they are certainly better at monetrization than facebook. It's just the state of there platform that lets them down. I wonder how that traffic breakdown would look if they only ever did pieces on actual news relating to twitter instead of pretty much daily news. It also depends if your trying to attempt some collaboration for a short period of time, most people would rather not have to learn a new system for a short/ small project. Everyone has an email and is comfortable with it, it may be hard to convince non tech people that a web collaboration tool is the way to go. There is a lot of upside to them, with time I guess collaboration methods other than email will become common, especially with Google Wave on the way. Reminds me of my AI class assignment last year in CLIPS. I'm guessing there taking the same concepts that have been around for a long time and applying them to a very general setting with a healthy dose of people power to constantly improve it. Now if only everyone was tech savvy we wouldn't have these problems. Microsoft would actually have to make a really good browser rather than leveraging it's near monopoly on the OS to deliver an average browser to the masses. I think thats the most it can ever really hope for without alienating it's users. I don't get why there isn't a twitter feature that allows you to use something like bbcode tags to insert a url and only leave the link name in the message. Sometimes if an application is well designed and built that can be enough. It depends on other things though, such as if the marketplace is crowded or not. Google is an example of something that won out because it was the better application, search wasn't a largely cluttered field though and they were taking a largely new angle on in. If your putting out another social networking app at the moment though it's unlikely to catch on just because it is the better designed app, just look at the troubles something as large and as well backed as friend feed is having. I'm not sure I understand the concept of all these startups with names warping the English language. There has to a be a limit to the amount of data that can be taken from what is provided to improve the effectiveness of the suggestions, I'd say there close to the point in which techniques to make sense of the data have reached there limit. The system can only be effective to a point because of the unpredictability of a user. Would also be interesting to include those that never got close, those that blew large amounts of time and money on bad ideas. Very much a self interest article. As for EA's pricing, there's no rule that says you need to make a profit off every product you put out. It wouldn't surprise me if a big games company made free iPhone versions of there games to drive interest in the console/ PC versions. Just after a general opinion, what would people rate as a fair penalty in this case? If he is genuinely interested in what he is selling you then it shouldn't be to hard to run through the in's and outs of it . What I hate is when I witness sales people in action selling people technology who don't really have a clue what there talking about. My experience with sales people in a retail environment personally is very limited because for most products I much prefer to do my own research on them that believe the person trying to sell it to me. Definitely best to sift through them slowly, get the most out of them. No use hammering through a good book then taking nothing from it at the end. Not a legal expert by any stretch but couldn't a later group of authors challenge who the outcome of the case applied to? If there in no way affiliated with the Authors Guild? Fine line between relevant life tips and some the trash that fills the stupid amount of these books out there. There have been some really insightful posts from people documenting how they have adjusted there own lives to achieve a good work/life balance. Sure, if your building something simple and you find a good area to innovate in. If you making something big though it's going to be a far longer process. He wasn't claiming though that it defiantly pointed to the election being rigged, just pointing out the statistic likelihood based on that method. I know it's not always possible with websites but developing on your own server or locally can reduce this problem. I'm not sure about the circumstances in the article but the customer isn't going to be able to make these demands if they haven't got th product yet. I'm assuming this may need to be done in conjunction with holding the copyright to the end. Probably not if you have a static IP. An interesting idea I just had while reading this, just wondering if anywhere in the world does something like this. What about selling cards that are like game cards are for access to online news where newspapers are currently sold. A lot of the general public would be against having to signup for a subscription to a newspaper online with a credit card or other online payment. I think a lot of papers online to are structured toward a model of drawing people in story by story from places like Google. I a non tech person who still has an interest in a physical newspaper would go for a scratch card activated subscription service to an online paper structured more like a regular newspaper. I don't think the founders would be to concerned, they made there millions. It wouldn't have done much better solo unless they had seriously changed there engineering and removed all the backwards compatability. As far as I'm aware how it works at the moment means that everyone on a shared server would be working from the same cache hence you have security issue. It's possible all the translation would bring would be more offers of free work for more sites that are big. Hope this works out for them, great way to moneterize the platform without having the rely solely on a advertising supported business model. I was wondering the same thing about the book price, it goes against what he is saying because the book is in his idea/ information type category. I think if more of the net unified with a single payments company which was accepted just about everywhere, had low fees and as many ways to transfer money into and out of as possible. A paypal that is even more widely accepted, on such a large scale that it can offer smaller fees and a more wide range of ways to transfer money in and out. This is probably one of the more relevant posts of it's kind though. In the same way they question DEMO's advertising giveaway you could probably question the TechCrunch one. It's just going to be advertising on there site? Unless your aiming your startup purely at the tech community doesn't sound great. Nice article, I know I for one can give these issues little thought when coding at a higher level of abstraction but certainly necessary knowledge for performance critical code. 10 rules everyone who cares has heard before, I guess they would have been unable to capture a section of the corporate market with the beta tags. Obviously a one person web based start up that doesn't pay wages is going to be a lot less risky than a 40 employee business that is buy supplies in advance for each job. Surprised they wouldn't have just paid for it. Got to have lost more than $3500 of ticket sales from this. Yeah, you could learn everything that presentation was about just by caring enough to click there button on the ads. Sounds a lot like all the other press swoopo has got. While on the surface there new offer to allow the bidder to make up the difference for the item on lost bids seems like an improvement, there retail prices seem to be high enough to negate any benefit there is buying online over your local retailer. The thing with HN is that if a website owner cares enough to put the HN submit button they could just as easily sumbit there own article. I guess if the button worked as an upvote/ submit like a digg one it could be useful. Another point, I think no matter which model you pick the best way to manage it is to have it in from the start and stick to it. People may have no problem paying $10 a month for a service, but when that same service was previously free or at least free at there usage level there is going to be a backlash and if you are in an ultra competitive area like this one that could be a big problem. I think it would be best if there was no editing on another persons code snippet. But instead of a fork have it as alternate code under the same title then have some kind of voting to decide the display order. So the main one would come up as it as as a slide down with a link down the bottom that would say something like 2 alternative snippets. They are only keeping a small amount of information (name, type of store, location ect) which links back to the original site I'd imagine? In that sense it is legal. No matter how unlikely life is determined to be, we still have a massive universe to help balance the odds. What if you did have more interesting projects but focused more time on your studies? When your paying large amounts for a college education you want to make the most out of it. Dunno what it's like in the states on free to air but they don't even try and put something decent on in Australia daytime TV wise. I find even if most TV programming is pretty average and dumbed down it's still good to sit down and chill out to when you can't be bothered with anything else. Its also necessary if your a sports fan. Reading this and a lot of other similar pieces makes you wish you were in a position to do something. Really though America's the only nation that could really pull off any real space progress at the moment and even that would be questionable with the current state of the enconamy. Really though with a trillion dollar bailout, imagine the jobs that could be created and the uniting of the people with something like another space race but to mars. I doubt a contest like this is really about the prize for many people. It's an opportunity for people to play around with code and learn. This would be a very nice thing for facebook to add, I usually scroll down to the bottom of the news feed then stop rather than checking further back. It really depends, if the author was worrying about .1 of a second processing time on the back end for each script load you are exactly right. If the server is crashing or only intermittently serving pages because of load there is nothing front end optimization can do about it. I guess sometimes you also have to weigh up just adding some extra hardware to smooth a transition to a new back end, or even to buy some more time with the existing one. Hackers are more likely than investment bankers to come up with a mostly automated agricultural system. So now any website could setup a web worker in the background of pages to massively improve there processing power. Very cool feature though, makes the entry level to distributed processing very low. Cool video, going for the we'll throw a heap of acronyms out to wow the average internet user. Twitter also allows more ability to get distracted than the averages persons email inbox. At least with email everything is directed at you. There is no partial payment plan for those who quit or get fired before day 90 of coding is reached. Wonder what the reason is to load the last payment and underpay on the first 2, more pressure to push to complete the project at the end? Theses win's are especially pointless given that there never going to see the money. I guess they feel that they need to pursue them as a deterrent to the masses. At least most electronics can be made very small, as in they could always develop a backup system from a different contractor if something was important enough. There is a fine line that has to be drawn though, can't let people not buying anything sit there all day in the hope that in the future they will start buying a decent amount. That was the problem they have had though, if they can't make any money then there is little point in their continued development work. winner, me to I think if a 15 year old was put into the position of having to make adult decisions and behave like an adult they would be perfectly capable. It's just that they either don't have the chance or given the option, prefer to cruse through and muck around for as long as possible before being force to get serious. Hackers like me would be interested in what they have done even if it made no significant difference to the end results. I think there main go here is trying to position them self against all the new real time search offerings.