iamleppert, are you me? I went through literally the exact same situation (same problem with the manager, same outcome, etc.), though instead of quitting I finished the pip and switched to a new team (I was already on another team by the second or third day of the pip as I was taking it to HR, which doesn't always work out - it did in this case). New team thought it was absolutely ridiculous I was on it, as did many members of the original team. I finished the pip just fine. I work at Large Transportation Company. Same shit over here. Once I was working with a manager that loved the fact I'm gay, I do great work, stress levels are down (or at least, the stress incurred is the 'fun' kind of stress), etc. I do agree the review process is ridiculous - I've never been in a company where they had them prior to this. We were told to choose 2-5 coworkers that were really involved in our day to days within the review period (6 months), and after doing so my manager went in and added the rest of the team (including coworkers I barely saw that I had one or two interactions with over the course of months), including other coworkers that had made very brash comments about my boyfriend/age or about gays in general. Manager used that shitty feedback from three out of the nine total employees that reviewed me (that otherwise gave pretty glowing reviews) to initiate the pip. There was a whole bunch of other BS with the situation - e.g. a manager and another coworker joking about satanic rituals against us in our team HipChat room - that I really don't feel like going into detail about that just added insult to injury. What's worse, there has been no investigation into the matter much past asking the offending manager to "talk about things". Oh well. When you have 11,000+ employees, it's hard to have an objective team investigate every single review. Plus, how can this objective team, with little to no context of daily interactions, assess whether or not feedback is "legitimate" or dripping in disdain? 1) You should definitely research who Fedor Indutny is. 2) If you think companies aren't already doing this, you're lying to yourself. 3) This is a harmless experiment made to spotlight how simple it is to identify someone just by their typing. This could be used in a multitude of ways. 4) Stop generalizing "people in tech", and stop assuming everyone builds stuff for no reason. This is a deliberate experiment, made on purpose, for a very good reason. I maintain quite a few high-traffic packages on npm and have done so for years. Npm is really bad about handling any sort of situation with any amount of grace. Per my anecdotal experience, they are really good at choosing the outcome that benefits them the most/harms them the least - which wouldn't upset me since most companies do this, but it's Npm's "we're here for the community" type of fake attitude that has always bothered me. This looks incredible. Will definitely be playing with this in the coming days. Happy to see something like this. I paid for Synergy a long time ago, but as others have echoed, I'm not a huge fan of the direction they took. Hi. I'm the maintainer of https://npmjs.org/package/color and https://npmjs.org/package/color-convert . Curious what your library does differently aside from API design. `color-convert` has been around for years and has supported all of these algorithms plus more - and it does a BFS search to convert between models that do not have an explicitly written conversion algorithm. I'm not one to say "don't do this", but I'm generally pretty against re-inventing the wheel if there's something to be improved upon. I wanted to incorporate MongoDB into a C++ server at one point. Their C/C++ client is literally unusable. I went to look into writing my own that actually worked and their network protocols are almost impossible to understand. BSON is a wreck and basically the whole thing discouraged me from ever trying to interact with that project again. This is a Good Thing. Remember the Boston bomber? I don't have a solution, but making all police communications public in real-time only puts innocent people at risk. > In the process I have found that even HIPAA is not a protocol, it is a largely unspecific set of guidelines for how patient data should be stored and transmitted. Former HIPAA security officer here; to be abundandly clear, there _are_ very specific guidelines for which information must be anonymized. I don't think you were saying the alternative, just sounded a little like "anything goes" which is definitely not the case. As for your point about guidelines, that's entirely true - last time I read the section about encryption, it just specified "state of the art encryption" which is... a poor way to specify that. My 2019 macbook did this, I always wondered what it as. Pretty much my thoughts too. Trying to do game development on macos doesn't make much sense anymore. My next machine will probably be windows, even though I dislike Microsoft and everything they're about. Typical case of software using seemingly high-tech jargon and buzzwords to up/oversell an otherwise uninteresting project. > For the first time, Tor Browser users on desktop will be able to opt-in for using onion sites automatically whenever the website makes them available. Good. This is, in my opinion, one of the bigger pain points of the whole Tor experience. I don't personally think the problem is with understanding how onion addresses work (I've explained them to my mother and she understands the concept pretty easily), it's just the user-experience that has always been kind of a pain - even for people that use Tor often and understand it well. I don't use the Tor browser for a number of reasons, so I can only hope other browsers follow suit. > I think that's all the validation we need for HTML/CSS/JS as the best tool for UI development nowadays. "Best" makes it sound like the entire landscape isn't an ocean of garbage. Sounds neat, first newsletter I've voluntarily subscribed to since I was a child. Looking forward to the next issue. IME, more bodies usually always equates to more bugs and slower release cycles. In isolated incidents, perhaps. As a general rule, no. Police officers are not evil and crooked as a general rule - only the paranoid or willfully ignorant believe that. > police officers organizations, as a rule, strongly defend officers involved (demonstrably so, not merely accused) in corrupt and abusive acts Got a source? I've worked with/dated/am related to quite a few LEOs in various parts of the country. This has never been true in my experiences. That's hardly a "rule". It is for me. Tor runs as a daemon, then I have my Firefox proxy settings to always hit Tor. Onion addresses work, and Firefox refuses to connect if the Tor daemon isn't running. Paired with Firefox actually honoring my requests to purge all information upon exit (instead of chrome only "kind of" doing it), it certainly works out quite well for me. The thing is, doing this is actually quite trivial. Graph databases are used in large part for this very usecase. Can someone explain? From what I understand, they don't plan to replace TCP/IP. The body of text merely states it has been a staple of internet protocols, somehow saying it's been even further proven during covid-19. No, this isn't going to change anything. Not every piece of news has to affect current events and their trajectories. I wonder how this will affect the subway station photo booths. For those that don't know, at least in Berlin (possibly other places) many U-Bahn (Subway) stations have photo booths for passport photos. They're apparently verifiable by the government, but I've never really understood how. This sounds like those booths will no longer work. Anyone have any more info? I'm an American expat in Germany. I've never had my fingerprints checked, neither in the US not at any country borders. Could be a privilege stemming from US/EU diplomacy but I've never heard of them checking anyone else's fingerprints. I disagree. Who is sorting those tickets? Are they sorted arbitrarily or were the technicals considered? Is the ticket at the top feasible given the current state of the codebase/product? In theory this would work, but it has the pre-requisite that whomever is managing tickets understands technology - which, in my 10 years in the field, has been quite rare. Agreed. Github's Stale Bot is the most infuriating, aggravating and insulting bot in widespread use. Every time I encounter it, I reevaluate whether or not I even want to contribute to the project. TTYs in general are some of the most outdated and archiac pieces of technology still used today. They need a serious overhaul, but the problem is, any major change will break pretty much all programs. Please, stop using HTTP and JSON as a transport. I can't take any project seriously that thinks this is a good combination. Everything at Uber was HTTP and JSON and all it did was slow things down and cause more bug surface area. I will never, ever install Fuchsia if I can help it. Replacing one Google Spyware OS with another doesn't solve anything. It's not about impressiveness - surely, it's impressive. However, the article is more or less critiquing the discourse surrounding the model - namely, that there is a strange misconception floating around that it's somehow a general purpose AI that can understand and think about the world similar to a human. Which, of course, it cannot. If the claims about GPT-3 were accurate, there'd be a lot less of a flare-up about it. Don't claim your software does what it can't. > Initiated a PayPal chargeback process - PayPal responded: "we’ve determined there was no unauthorized use" Yep. This is why I avoid PayPal like the plague. I've never heard good things about them. Apple takes it more seriously than the Windows teams do, sure. That's not to say Apple is perfect. Their "root"/"" login bypass zero-day was absolutely unacceptable, even compared with Microsoft's problems. Other than that, I'd trust an Apple device over a windows device any day of the week. > If I had been awarded a five-year $62,500/year grant with the sole condition of "do research", I would almost certainly have persevered in academia If that were a thing, I would have actually wanted to go to college. I was fortunate enough to have some high school teachers lay it out plainly for me given my interests and desires, and concluded much the same things as Colin has stated in the article. Not going turned into the first large risky thing I did in my life that really, _really_ paid off in later years. There was no incentive otherwise to go for the same reasons described in this article. alternate unbrided.com: First ever DaaS - divorce as a service. Only one endpoint, DELETE /v1/marriage. As a parrot owner, this is true. It's a huge scare in the community because it's one of those facts not well known by even moderately-experienced/-researched owners. It's almost a guaranteed kill to a parrot when heated. Very dangerous stuff. I pulled in the image from the article and tried it myself. A few minutes of fiddling around with the various filters, I got this result: https://imgur.com/82yHUoM I reckon that'd be enough to run through a database. This article is super annoying to read. TLDR: 25 year old made up fake accounts of being a former ISIS member and conducting executions. Police arrested him for causing public outrage and other shenanigans. TIL political neutrality in a company workplace is a controversial issue... I'm all for nuclear power but this is not at all how I want them to behave. It's not often that power companies do good by their customers and this app sounded like it was genuinely a win-win. Dispicable. Hey it's you! You wrote social cooling too, which I really enjoyed. Great site. Thank you for sharing it. The average beauty score ranges from something like -150000 to +150000. Not sure why! Oh so this is what's happening to my repos. I maintain one that gets ~60 million downloads a week, and is usually the first thing people run to for help when something unrelated goes wrong. This is nothing new, though the volume has increased a bit. Gen Y here. Agreed. I had one of those TVs. The ads show up in the menu bar. I called them and told them I paid over a thousand dollars for this TV and do not want ads. They said they'd be happy to help me disable my internet connection. I was so dumbfounded at the petty response that I simply hung up. Lost a customer for life. I will never again buy a Samsung product. This. When I was in California I tried to find a 4k TV that was "dumb". It was impossible. > but most average consumers definitely wouldn't. This is the problem. We're so used to giving up privacy now that, slowly, they're chipping away at the small amount we have remaining. And it affects everyone. They scrape all of your contacts and create ghost profiles to better track connections of even people who do not use their services. Apple does this too. Well, did - not sure if they still do. Well that just took me down a several hour rabbit hole. Thank you. It was a discussion a while back I had with someone that used to work for them. Not sure how much of it was public. Don't even start. This. Event-based systems do not satisfy the "passive" part of active/passive dist-sys design - ergo, they are not fault tolerant by themselves, and most machinery designed around making them quasi-fault-tolerant tend to be bigger headaches in the long run (see Apache Kafka). I've had to explain this to a dozen teams so far in my career and most of them go ahead with the design anyway, regretting it not even 6 months later. "Yeah but it's not like they're banking on that, nobody thinks that far ahead." If you've spent even a minute working in the marketing world, you'd know that yes, yes they do. They think exactly that far, and then about another 10 steps beyond that. Those prompts are most definitely designed to be willed away by the user without allowing them to fully grok the consequences. Unfortunately, it's not measurable, provable, or enforcably illegal. Absolutely not. URL-based imports are a security risk, availability nightmare, and fragile system built with the assumption that things are never renamed, taken down or significantly changed, or that the developer always has an internet connection. Depends cannot be resolved offline, and time becomes a factor for the correctness of code (i.e. you fetch a dependency, code against it, dependency changes public API, coworker fetches your code, fetches the dependency, build is now inexplicably broken). Not to mention DNS hijacking, BGP, caching, locality, etc. can all affect how dependencies are fetched. Further, not using a registry makes in-house mirrors a nightmare due to having to re-route DNS requests all the time. It's an all around _terrible_ feature in my opinion and I am very careful to distance myself from any project claiming otherwise. I miss this about Twitter. Everyone once in a while, Archillect will get a bit, uh... "stimulated" and post some pretty interestingly NSFW photos, usually a small batch of 5 or 6 in a row. The comments always made me chuckle. I believe you're both talking about two separate designs - I'm sure one might have influenced the other but they're certainly not the same. The analog knob you're referring to, I think, is the _very_ old design that functioned more like an egg timer. It was spring loaded and simply turned on the microwave circuit and broke it when the timer mechanically reached resting position. The new knob is digital, and you use it to navigate a digial menu and to increase/decrease the timer prior to pressing it inward to start the process. Completely novel input mechanism. Kafka persists events locally, which when mishandled can cause synchronization issues. If an event-based system has to cold-restart, it becomes difficult if not impossible to determine which events must be carried out again in order to restart processes that were in progress when the system went down. This is a characteristic with all event-based systems, but persistence-enabled event systems (such as Kafka) make it even harder because now there are events already "in flight" that have to be taken into account. Event-based systems that do not have persistence (and thus are simply message queues used as a transport mechanism) have a strong guarantee that _no_ events will be in-flight on a cold-start, and thus you have an easier time figuring out the current overall state of the system in order to make such decisions. The only other way around this is to make every possible consumer of the event-based system strongly idempotent, which (in most of the problem spaces I've worked in) is a pipe dream; a large portion certainly can be idempotent, but it's very hard to have a completely idempotent system. Keep in mind, anything with the element of time tends not to be idempotent, and since event systems inherently have the element of time made available to them (queueing), idempotency becomes even harder with event based systems. A rule of thumb when I am designing systems is that a data point should only have one point of persistence ("persistence" here means having a lifetime that extends beyond the uptime of the system itself). Perhaps you have multiple databases, but those databases should not have redundant (overlapping) points of information. This is the same spirit of "source of truth", but that term tends to imply a single source of truth, which isn't inherently necessary (though in many cases, very much desirable). Kafka, and message queues or caches like it (e.g. Redis with persistence turned on), breaks this guarantee - if the persistence isn't perfectly synchronized, then you have, essentially, two points of persistence for the same piece of information, which can (and does) cause synchronization issues, leading you into the famously treaterous territory of cache invalidation problems. As with most technologies, you can reduce your usage of them to a point that they will work for you with reasonable guarantees - at which point, however, you're probably better off using a simpler technology altogether. Some context for readers: This is Antirez, the creator of Redis. Dude's insanely smart (saying this not yet having read the article). EDIT: I see he's here in the comments. Apologies for speaking for you, Antirez. This is Buzzfeed "News". Tread carefully. Meh I don't like the absolutism in this comment, personally. I'm well versed in coroutines and "fibers" and all of the theory surrounding it but haven't come across the formalized terminology (m:n, n:1, etc.). I'll give you another example: ropes are string classes with more complex data storage, useful for optimizing mutations and cutting down copies. The concept is easy to understand, and personally I've implemented them a number of times, but didn't know about the formalized term until the last year or so. The last sentence is a bit unfair and presumptuous, I think. Buzzfeed has a very well-established reputation for bias and shoddy journalistic practices - moreso than other news outlets. Manual load would be awesome. Those bent wrists are *screaming" carpel tunnel. Apparently the truth hurts too much. My original comment was downvoted and flagged. lol. Thanks for the links, I'll keep these around next time I have to bring this up again. > Amazingly it's like music Programming is the exact same way. If ever I'm in doubt of someone's design and I have an inkling of respect for them, I'll try to design the code from scratch in my head, or sometimes even redesign a toy version myself. This usually surfaces some weird property of the problem that explains their code. You can also go through their thought processes and see exactly how they made decisions along the way. I'd argue you can even infer philosophical viewpoints in some cases, too - all without actually communicating with the author. I love that about humans. One of the things I really admire about us. > salty, and gassy Deep groundwater passes the vibe check. It doesn't contain my last name and it's not the most unique one in the world (especially in France). C != C++. Really wish people would stop lumping them together. Compilers support both, but many compilers also support D, Obj-C, Obj-C++, assembly, etc. This article focuses almost entirely on C++, but the title would have you think otherwise. No, it doesn't. See the other comment for sources as to why. I've been commenting on these issues for years now on this exact repository. People are incredibly, incredibly dense. IIRC this is already the case. This. The Node.js community is a good example of where this has happened - lots of bad practices with fancy logos making it into the top 50 most depended upon packages (e.g. left-pad). The top-level comment is just being critical. It's not inappropriate. People just don't like having their feelings hurt. Ah okay I'm looking it up and it appears that the company must demonstrate that the word has a distinct association with their brand. Man, IP law is such grey area... no wonder there are constant disputes and abuses. Pretty much share this sentiment. I read their FAQ page and it left a really bad taste in my mouth. A further question that I'd like to add - are there any _truly_ open source initiatives that can remotely compete with GPT-3? What's stopping the OSS community (specifically, not just "funding")? Is it lack of compute power? Lack of data? The full tweet mentions Dario, too. The full tweet text: > I have no control & only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high. Dario is the research director by the way. This tweet says a lot, in my opinion. I can't see how they'd be able to achieve that, unless you mean simply that the device drivers would run in userland. The io fork? That was 0.12. Not 12.0. Unfortunately those lists are mandated by law. We had an idea to pitch to the government to introduce a better system but they won't hear it after RKI's/SAP's super-magic contact tracing app they spent 15 million euro on... This is outstanding. One thing I noticed is how "modern" their hairstyles appear. One even appears to have a fade. Just a random observation. I've had this idea but with libraries instead. Neat to see some similar lines of thinking. Some questions: - Is the project open-source? - Why no github signin? - How do you search for X but only in Y language? - How are you going to deal with duplication? - Will you be doing a full 2D spread of combinations? E.g. writing to a file is pretty common - perhaps you can create a relationship between languages so that you can see how it's done in other languages from the same page. - How will you handle cases where there are multiple ways of doing things? - Is search broken? "Write to a file" is the first entry there without searching, but searching for "write to a file" shows no entries. - How will you handle cases where environment matters? E.g. writing a file in Javascript is going to be different between web browsers and Node.js, and force-inlining a function is going to be different between clang and msvc, etc. Sorry, updated my post slower than you answered :D I had a few other questions Sorry for the double post - but editing a snippet causes the snippet to disappear entirely. A bug tracker would be really helpful here :) Contrary to popular belief, not all parties are held in order to find ephemeral sexual mates. Haha that website is also annoying. They're using the history API to manage the modals. So if you click that link directly, then click the X or simply click out of it, you end up back here. EDIT: I literally can't even click on the site's logo to go to their front page without being kicked out of their site entirely. EDIT2: Oh you made that site. Don't use the history API to go backwards (: it's a UX nightmare. Didn't mean to unleash a shotgun of criticisms on multiple of your projects, my apologies :D way more effort put into these than I normal put into side projects :) I would actually like to try portabella, hence why I was trying to click the logo :D That's the problem, though - we're finding that the majority of exposures are coming from super-spreader events, not one-off, individual encounters. They haven't released statistics yet for how good it's been working, so there's no way to know if their approach was helpful. Even then, SAP is the one that developed it for 15 million. The important bits were already completely by the universities. SAP just made a UI for it - for 15 million euros. That's an insane, absurd price to pay. How come a medium.com link is redirecting me to some unaffiliated website? But I thought Medium was a self-contained site... Why is it redirecting to another site? I don't understand. > automatically add a rule to open the firewall on linux There's no way this is true. This completely defeats the purpose of a firewall. If it is happening, then it's Docker doing this - not the linux firewall that comes stock with most distribution (iptables and the like). They would never simply add rules to the chains just because something was listening on that port. Really, the best security advice for using Docker is to not use Docker. Unfortunately, there aren't very many "hold your hand" alternatives available. Aside from LXD and that family of technologies, which are criminally underused. This is how C/C++ services are done in production, too. You have a build step that does `apk add --update alpine-sdk git cmake` etc., builds the service, and then you start again fresh with a FROM (new stage) and `COPY --from` over the build artifacts. Reading this thread I'm surprised this isn't common knowledge by now given how it's so incredibly paramount to efficient production releases. > Agreed. But when copying files to docker and building the image, you will have to take care that files are not written with root ownership in any stage of the build, which would make them inaccessible to the application running as non root. That's not the case, either. And root inside the container != root outside the container. A completely new user:group namespace is created inside the container. This is, in very large part, what Linux namespaces are for. Further, you can certainly have a root-owned file accessible to non-root users, via chmod bits. There are only a handful of excuses, ever, to run a privileged container. If you're not 100% sure, then it is not one of those excuses. This is right, I remember now - docker does mangle your iptables chains. I remember fighting with this a while back. Terrible practice, in my opinion. Docker shouldn't be touching firewall stuff. > This is a declaration where the value of --foo is literally one space character. I don't know if this is technically accurate though it leads to the same result. Whitespace in such languages is generally ignored - I believe this would just result in an empty property under the hood. EDIT: also why the off-kilter background shapes for the code blocks. It made me dizzy reading the article. I don't disagree with any of your points, but they aren't relevant to anything I've said. I never said Docker is the only one doing this. It's also not a surprise Docker in particular is doing this - Docker has a long history of doing bad things. This. Also, serverless and redis don't really make sense together - these things I'm supposed to "not care" about are things that directly affect the design of the system. Redundancy, eviction strategy, etc. - things I need to plan for. Redis shouldn't grow infinitely. It should be memory bounded. Your code should expect evictions - in fact, almost every key in your redis cache should have an expiry. Redis shouldn't be used over the internet like this anyway - you want colocated (in-datacenter) instances for sub-millisecond latency, otherwise what's the point? RedisLabs IIRC also only offers encryption as an enterprise feature, which is something that has always left a bad taste in my mouth. Used to work for Uber corporate. This doesn't surprise me at all. Yep, exactly. One other point I forgot to mention - this is not an "alternative to hosted redis". It's still hosted redis, just with fancier jargon and more obscure guarantees. I can't imagine this being robust. We've come full circle. The web developers are starting to realize there's a whole operating system underneath the browser that might actually be of some use. You don't know me or my background; please do not act like you do. I write parsers and compilers for fun, often. https://www.w3.org/TR/css-syntax-3/#parse-rule Whitespace tokens are skipped, as I suspected. There is no whitespace value. As I mentioned before, the result of what the author describes is the same, but the explanation isn't entirely accurate. It's harmless errata. Perhaps it is /you/ that doesn't know what they're talking about. Kubernetes as well. We ran into instances where iptables contention was so bad during outage recovery that things just stalled. iptables-save looked like a bomb went off.