My experience with several of my clients who are paying Google "Customers" proves to me, at least, that Google doesn't consider those who pay for their services "Customers" either. The Customers are Google's advertisers. Granted, my experience only goes up to around 300 seats of "paid for" service, but locating a support resource that didn't shunt me to a FAQ or send me back an automated email telling me that my ticket was closed was difficult. I've always felt like the switch statement's "break" behavior should have been the implicit case, with a statement to trigger fallthrough if you really wanted it. I wonder what percentage of the time fallthrough is actually desired in switch statements. I would assume it's wildly in the minority. The module certainly looks neat, but being designed to use the manufacturer's "secure, reliable, distributed internet service" makes it appear to be useless for disconnected applications. Not every application of Wifi involves networks connected to the Internet. We had a discussion about this over on Server Fault ( http://serverfault.com/q/111813/7200 ) and UFTP ( http://www.tcnj.edu/~bush/uftp.html ), UDT ( http://udt.sourceforge.net/ ), and Tsunami-UDP ( http://tsunami-udp.sourceforge.net/ ) all came up as viable open source offerings (along with FileCatalyst and Aspera in the commercial space). All this makes me think of is "In order to transmit the same amount of information on paper, they would have to arrange for a 747 cargo freighter packed with telephone books and encyclopedias to power-dive into their unit every couple of minutes, forever." I haven't looked at the release previews yet but I can only imagine. The antique-looking Windows 3.1 font control panel persisted into Windows 2000, so I can't believe that we'll be rid of the trappings of more recent versions of Windows anytime soon. I'm a little disappointed with the answers from Zypher (one of the Stack Exchange sysadmins) and Jeff Atwood. Particularly troublesome is Jeff's statement "If you have a 'man in the middle' then there are deeper problems, like, you're using a compromised network." I'd argue that it's appropriate, from a security architecture perspective, to treat the entire Internet as a "compromised network". Admittedly, my use-case for the Stack Exchange sites (specifically Server Fault) is a little different than most people's and I'm a lot more worried about "theft" of my "identity" there than most people would be. Still, though, I'd like to see the answer revisited in light of mid-2012 technology / costs. I suppose I should go post something over there... At least where I am, in the US, hosting your own services at home is all well and good until you become frustrated with the piddly upload bandwidth you get from your ISP and the potential of running afoul of transfer caps. Consumer acceptance of "personal clouds" isn't going to happen if using traditional "cloud services" is cheaper, faster, and more reliable. I don't see that story getting better anytime soon. My personal situation is much the same as yours and it works well for me, too. I question how well, however, it would work for someone who is more into creating media with their mobile phone than I am, or someone who wants to share data from their personal network with friends / family. I don't think it's a safe assumption that the only parties upstream from you are ISPs and TLA government agencies. If script kiddies are hacking major corporations I think it's a safe bet that ISPs are vulnerable, too. Your Stack Overflow "identity" may not be of great value, but it's worth keeping in mind that any cleartext traffic is vulnerable. Being cognizant of sending data over the Internet in cleartext is a good thing, to me. I sincerely hope that graceful "retirement" of these small satellites, especially if they fail to deploy properly, is being taken into account in their design. We've got enough orbital debris already. When the article quotes a company spokesperson saying "Even if 20% of them failed, you'd still do your mission..." I get antsy. Another product that obviously doesn't need to be Internet-connected to function but is (presumably to create a recurring revenue model for the manufacturer). A $250.00 retail price is too much, to me, to risk on a device that will be relegated to the junk heap once the back-end "cloud service" disappears after the manufacturer fails. In some jurisdictions it isn't possible for creators to disclaim all their rights. In those cases something like WTFPL (or, in a more tasteful manner, CC0) is necessary. The "pool of warm keep-alive connections to the main web servers" is still sending the traffic over HTTPS, then? Edit: I'm clear that latency is reduced and how that's accomplished. I just wanted to get clarification that the connections between the early SSL termination and the web servers was also encrypted, too. Wouldn't Ben have known that the manager wasn't conducting the mandatory "1:1" meetings with employees if Ben had regular "1:1" meetings with the next lower tier of management? The double standard irks me. Lead by example, not by intimidation. I'd agree w/ the "waste is good" thesis if not for the fact that, at least in the US, we're not really paying the true cost for the environmental impact associated with food production. Less waste would mean less food production and less environmental impact. Perhaps it's just me, but I've always felt like wasting anything that has scarcity-- food, water, etc-- is just a morally bad thing to do. Without judging the statement, I would say that there is a strong moral component to it. Here's a link to a note Dan wrote about the video being marked "private", as well as a link to some notes about the talk. http://lists.common-lisp.net/pipermail/pro/2011-April/000464... Using ActiveSync to access Exchange would probably be the best way to pull it off (though there are probably patent-related concerns). A lot of Exchange admins aren't going to like opening up IMAP, but nearly every Exchange installation today has ActiveSync enabled and exposed to the Internet. I'm always impressed by the PostgreSQL team. Personally, I'm excited about the range types and I can see immediate usefulness for them. My own applications aside, anything that helps developers create schemas that are better able to handle temporal data is a good thing. If the proposed HTTP REST API ( http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/HTTP_API ) makes it into the product then the native JSON support is going to be even more useful. (I'm excited to see that there's an experimental attempt at it, too: https://github.com/bjornharrtell/postgresql-http-server ) I don't think there's a tone you can take that will make non-technical users understand that it's "not your fault". To the non-technical user your site is just down and, potentially, a service they're paying for is unavailable. I'd argue that such an outage _is_ your fault. If you're worried about Customer perceptions as a result of outages of third-party services your site relies on then, I'd argue, you need to have redundancy in your choice of third-party services. If it's important enough to worry about it should be important enough to spend some money on and do something about. If that drives up your costs then your product's cost, to your Customers, needs to reflect that. I agree w/ Mr. Atwood's assessment that people are, have always been, and will continue to be the weak point. I strongly disagree w/ his statement that no attackers still attempt frontal assaults. Thinking that way promotes a dangerous complacency, not unlike the complacency that I see created after a company spends a large sum to install some security product. "Now that we have product we are 'secure'!" In my work I continue to see Internet-facing machines with shockingly poor security posture in companies large enough to "know better". Those vulnerabilities are, of course, still "people problems" at their heart (sysadmins who end-run good security process, developers who won't allow patches to be installed, etc) and they're still out there en masse. This leaves a goodly number of Windows XP machines at one of my K-12 educational Customers unable to use Google Apps effectively. I suspect many other public schools will be in the same boat. Chrome has design eccentricities that make it interact w/ some Windows management functionality (redirected "Application Data" folders, specifically) in a very suboptimal manner (maintaining 10MB+ of files in each user's redirected AppData folder is a problem on a server hosting 3,000 users' folders). Installing Chrome on the Windows XP machines isn't a slam-dunk. I suspect we'll just have to bite the bullet and use Chrome while, simultaneously, giving up functionality in Windows to do it. Yeah. 30GB of rather expensive SAS-based storage on a SAN. After having operating levies fail and seeing state funds radically cut we're pinching every penny we can. Every little bit helps. I'd love to use something like ZFS to handle this storage, at which point this wouldn't be an issue, but I have to work under the constraint that various teachers acting as Windows admins need to be able to manage the servers. More money would solve this problem for me. Money aside, it's galling that the developers aren't building for the enterprise deployment case. I WANT to run Chrome _badly_ in corporate environments but it's not engineered for my use-case. Not exactly. It would if we redirected the user's data. Since Chrome Frame isn't a freestanding browser, though, it's really not necessary to redirect the user's data. That's likely what we're going to end up doing, once we fully test it. If Google got SSO to our SAML server working for Chrome Sync this would be a non-issue but, apparently, we're also the only people in the world that want that functionality, too. We're using that installer, and Group Policy. We're redirecting the user's "User Data" folder into their roaming "Application Data". We're finding that Chrome is storing 10MB of DLL files there (gcswf32.dll being the big offender). We're also seeing the same behavior as described in this posting: http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/xvd0gSJ... Chrome installs a gcswf32.dll file into "Program Files" but it appears to be downloading a new one for each user, stashing it in their user data folder, then failing to load it properly on subsequent sessions because it's stored on a network path. We are using this version and having difficulties with it. I don't know if that's directed at me for not knowing to search for an "Enterprise" version of Chrome or what. We're using the "Enterprise" MSI-based installer. We are seeing difficulties with it. It's storing large DLL files in each user's user data folder, which we're putting on a server so that user settings will "follow" them from computer-to-computer. I've been down this road with other application development firms before. "Application Data" folder redirection is necessary for us because the roaming user profile grows an inordinate number of files in the AppData folder, which in turn causes logons to be _exceedingly_ slow when users logon to a computer that doesn't have a cached copy of their profile (such as computer labs where machines are frequently re-imaged, which is our pain point). I don't know where you're getting the phrase "... this is not a supported configuration for Windows profiles in general". Unsupported by whom? Microsoft has been shipping Application Data Folder Redirection as feature of Windows Group Policy since Windows 2000. ) and not some kind of "registry hack" or unsupported (by Microsoft) tweak. I've yet to find any Microsoft developer documentation advising that this feature is "unsupported". I _have_ seen multiple applications broken by using this feature (including Microsoft applications) but I don't think that makes the feature "unsupported" by Microsoft. It seems like this feature is "unsupported" by applications because they make assumptions about how Windows behaves and don't engage systems administrators in their development process. In the case of Chrome I _really_ want to use it in enterprise situations-- it's my favorite browser, personally. The attitude of installing into folders writable by individual users seems to pervade even the enterprise distribution of Chrome, however. I would argue that, in an enterprise environment, updates should only be applied to the computer's copy of Chrome and not into individual user folders. This creates pain and frustration for sysadmins. It sounds, to me, like the "component updater" doesn't take into account installs where there is a computer-wide copy of Chrome and needs some re-architecting. Alternatively, we would be able to completely circumvent this problem and just leave the user's Chrome "User Data" folder in their local profile if we could use "Chrome Sync" with our SAML SSO that we use for Google Apps for Education. I haven't looked at it for 6 months, but the last time we looked Chrome Sync did not support authenticating via our SSO, so we had to scrap that idea and go with using a redirected user data folder to allow users to have their Chrome data "follow" them between computers. ISPs hosted email servers for individuals for years. I don't know why hosting a social networking server for Customers would be any different. I don't know enough about the tent.io API to decide how I feel about it, but I think that history with SMTP, NNTP, etc, shows that decentralized protocols with servers hosted by a diversity of third-parties (instead of a single Facebook, Google+, etc) can work. I don't see how the tent protocol has any hope of scaling to large numbers of users / servers. The notification traffic for anyone with a significant number of "followers" is going to be significant. I think the view that the tent spec authors are taking is a bit too simplistic if this protocol is intended to be Twitter or Facebook-scale. Servers belong on the Internet. If users have an Internet connection at their home and are willing to accept the potential reliability issues associated with hosting a server at home then, by all means, host a server at home. UPnP NAT traversal is decently-supported in many consumer-oriented routers, as is dynamic DNS. I wish that the tech community hadn't lost sight of this and formed this artificial distinction between the Internet and the "home Internet". We could have been focusing efforts on making hosting services on servers in users' homes easier, but the siren-song of offering hosted services to create recurring revenue streams won out. I don't buy that it's "the simplest". Just about every major Linux distro ships w/ SFTP enabled out-of-the-box. How is installing an FTP server easier than just using the built-in SFTP server? I've been trying to actively discourage the use of FTP for the last 10+ years. It's not an option because it passes passwords in-the-clear. Protocols that pass cleartext authentication should just be off the table today. I think that low-power computers are the future of "always on". I'm migrating the "always on" home computers I use, and those of my family members, in that direction. I don't think email is a good "host at home" candidate, personally. Anti-spam services benefit too much from an economy of scale that comes from shared hosting. Having said that, though, I've hosted my email (SMTP and IMAP) on a consumer-grade Internet since June 2004. I've had outages because of service-provider issues (Time Warner) once in awhile, but the outages of significant duration (24 - 36 hours) have been either I was using unreliable old hardware. In those outages my secondary MX picked up my mail just fine and I worked from cached email on my personal computers. Assuming I was using more robust hardware or, for that matter, more simple hardware (a plug-computer that I could swap with a spare, moving an SD card containing all my email and configuration between) I wouldn't have ever had an outage longer than 8 hours since 2004. If the server was in a larger city (rather than the rural setting where it's hosted) I don't think I would have suffered thru than 8 hour power outage, either. The Tent protocol sounds like something that would work best hosted by your ISP, a third-party hosting service, or a rented platform in a third-party data center ("the cloud"). (It actually sounds like a naive re-implementation of some of the functionality of SMTP.) The things I'm most interested in hosting at home are things like home automation and Internet-connected appliances / devices. These products typically aren't going to be receiving requests from a large number of Internet hosts, don't necessarily need 24 x 7 uptime, and, most importantly, won't work if the home's Internet connection or power has failed (and, thus, don't gain any reliability benefit by being "cloud"-based). Given that there's no further development happening at Microsoft on the DOC, XLS, and PPT formats it's unclear to me why there's any advantage to Google, from a code maintenance standpoint, to removing these formats. If Google was having to invest labor in maintaining the export functionality I suppose I could understand, but I would think the export code is long-since debugged and working. What makes the cost of maintaining this old feature so high as to warrant its removal? My apologies for having a very US-centric view-- it's all I know. The US Constitution says: "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." I have a problem with how the law has been twisted by the copyright industry to render "limited Times" to mean a virtual eternity. Fix that and I have no beef with copyright. The public domain is important and needs to be nourished. The "Founders' copyright", with respect to duration, has been shown by multiple studies to be more than sufficient to create economic incentive while, at the same time, not starving the public domain. I'd make a blanket response to your "Shame if you..." points as follows: Maybe those ships have sailed and society has no need of those things anymore. If society needs those things it will find a way to pay for them. If it can't, it doesn't need them. An industry's failure to create a sustainable business model in the face of the reality that technology has created isn't a failing of the technology. It would be nice if business would just optimize for reality instead of trying (and repeatedly failing) to bend reality through legislation. I don't know that the public realizes what they're giving up in "consideration" for what they're receiving. I think that arguing about absolute positions on copyright is silly. Throwing out copyright is a bad idea, but what we have in the US now-- de facto eternal copyright starving out the public domain-- is at least equally as bad. I can't accept the premise that society simply wants "higher creative values". Just because the technology exists to make movies, for example, that feature photorealistic CGI robots throwing buildings at each other doesn't mean that such technology (and its requisite expense) _has_ to be incorporated into every movie. High production values exist, but that doesn't mean every creative product must have them. Consumers still purchase licenses for works with lower production values if the work is compelling. It may be that the factors supporting the finance of works with large creation expense are just an aberration and will disappear. I'm not arguing morality or a position on copyright-- I'm simply saying that if it becomes impossible to profit with works that cost a lot to make then nobody will make those works anymore. Technology has changed the landscape, and unless you're willing to live in a police state with strict regulations on general purpose computing and communications technology, that genie isn't getting back in the bottle. I've seen air-gapped computers infested with malware. Portable storage devices can easily host malware. Air-gapped machines are more likely to have old, exploitable vulnerabilities, since they're not able to receive updates over the network and some people erroneously believe that being air-gapped makes them more "secure". Edit: External media connectivity is typically used for updates. It's much more convenient to have a USB port that will use an off-the-shelf mass storage device than a JTAG and a custom programmer. Why use Windows? It's easy and inexpensive to get developers who are familiar with the platform. You can leverage a lot of tools that already exist for the platform. You get a lot of hardware support "for free" using manufacturer-provided drivers. Medical device manufacturers are for-profit entities looking to make a profit. If using Windows makes it easier to make a profit then they'll use it. If that's problematic to society, from a security perspective, then regulations should be put in place to put make security costs impact the manufacturer's bottom line. Personally, I'd like to see pentesting as part of device certification requirements. A thousand times this. We've distanced the individual from the costs associated with all things medical and, in so doing, have removed a lot of the power of having a free market. Medical expenses weren't what they are now all that long ago, either. We have a nice question about this over at Server Fault: http://serverfault.com/questions/119892/company-password-man... I've looked at Thycotic Software's Secret Server product ( http://www.thycotic.com/products_secretserver_overview.html ) I was impressed, but none of my consulting customers have signed-up. I recently spun up a copy of the open source WebPasswordSafe ( http://code.google.com/p/webpasswordsafe/ ) and liked what I saw but haven't really had much of a chance to bang on it. Wearing my security auditing / pentester hat I've run into CyberArk's Enterprise Vault product ( http://www.cyber-ark.com/digital-vault-products/pim-suite/en... ) and found it very reasonable. It was refreshing to do a pentest where we didn't find a shared Keepass database or something similar. It works badly. If you want any kind of post-paid plan you typically are forced to purchase a phone with a carrier lock. Some pre-paid plans will let you purchase SIMs and "bring your own phone" (Wal-Mart's "Straight Talk" being the largest that I'm aware of-- they're an AT&T MVNO). The average US cell phone user has no idea that phones and service aren't one-in-the-same. I remember brainstorming designs for an Elite-style MMORPG an on Elite/Frontier mailing list back in the mid 90's... Ahhh... memories! This is one of those things that, though I'd love to see it happen, I don't think ever will. Invariably the device will have security vulnerabilities. The potential man-in-the-middle access this thing will afford an attacker would be a treasure-trove, especially if it has SSL bump-in-the-wire functionality. My experience, as of late, is that HP is pretty bad when it comes to shipping machines with pre-loaded crap. Dell and Lenovo business-oriented computers ship fairly clean, but HP business-oriented machines ship with loads of crapware. All consumer-oriented machines ship with crap. Bittorrent always makes me think about transfer-capped Internet connections. It feels like even wireline-based Internet connections in the USA are moving toward being transfer-capped. I don't see how Bittorrent works in that world. Windows 95 had no security model. There are no "system-level privileges" in Windows 95. If you could execute any code on the machine you "owned" it. There were some contrivances in the shell to attempt to limit user access, but nothing serious like the security architecture of Windows NT. This photo really makes me appreciate the fractal geometry and self-similarity of natural formations. When looking at part of the image w/o any objects of known size for reference I lost all sense of proportion. Tiny "pebbles" were actually boulders, etc. I think it depends on how you define "getting rich" and what you find fulfillment in. I think "getting rich" would be worth it, if "getting rich" means being able to be more thoughtful about the work I'm doing and less enslaved by it. Years ago I had a "side job" on weekends that paid roughly 2/3 of my "primary" job. Working on my weekend job felt stress free and enjoyable, as compared to the daily Monday thru Friday grind. I attributed a significant fraction of the enjoyment I felt in the weekend job to the fact that I didn't really _need_ the job. (Sure, it was _different_ work from the M-F grind, too, so that also factors in.) My "getting rich" goal involves being more reliant on my investment income than my consulting income. My experience with that old weekend job makes me believe that, as my reliance on consulting income fades, my enjoyment level with the consulting work will grow. Having more freedom to be selective about work I take on, being able to do more charitable and volunteer work, and being able to work on fewer jobs simultaneously are all goals that I know will make me happier and decrease my stress level. The Internet Archive has put up a number of issues of Creative Computing ( http://archive.org/search.php?query=collection%3Acreativecom... ) but it looks like the first 2 years aren't there. If you'd consider sending them to the Internet Archive I strongly suspect they'd scan and host them. re: copyright expiration - Absolutely. Your first link got me "Filled with so much drama he now praises the iPad". Tee-hee... Edit: Youtube version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyCGrWMk8Ws I just couldn't resist... >sigh http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbHzcWMMpec The pedantry in some of the comments have me practically smashing my head into my desk. The semantic arguments about whether the actual password storage mechanism is encrypted, encoded, etc, are wholly irrelevant. If a web site can sent you a "I forgot my password" reminder email which includes your plaintext password then the site operator is storing the password in a plaintext-equivalent format. If the password is stored as a plaintext-equivalent then attackers can steal your plaintext password when they "own" the site. To address the encryption pedantry: If a site is using encryption to store the password but the key to decrypt the password is available in the site's servers then, arguably, the encryption just amounts to an encoding. Symmetric encryption requires that the key be kept secret. Keeping the key on the servers means that it's not secret and means that it's not really encryption. Edit: I see that the discussion is heading this way so I'll head it off at the pass: I would argue that there is no reason that any site operator ever needs the plaintext of a user's password to be stored persistently for any reason. There is no valid reason passwords should be stored in a reversible manner. (Somebody is going to bring up storing credit card numbers with symmetric encryption, too. That's a broken system and, arguably, needs to be replaced with something based on asymmetric encryption instead of "secret numbers" that we have to transmit between quasi-trusted parties.) I'm unclear what you mean when you say "and I use two layer sha-2 512 keys with unique salts". The Plain-Text Offenders site is concerned with web sites that can email you back your original password in plain text. Personally, I'd be most concerned when these emails are in response to an "I forgot my password" request. (Initial registration emails that send you back your plaintext password are dumb, but don't necessarily indicate that the site operator can reconstruct your plaintext password.) If you are physically incapable of reconstructing the user's plaintext password and emailing it back to them then I'd say you're in good shape. If you have enough information to reconstruct the plaintext password then you're doing it wrong. The pedantry that's irritating me is this argument about there somehow being a "safe" way to store the plaintext-equivalent version of a password (there isn't) or even that there is somehow a need to do so (there isn't). I agree that the Plain-Text Offenders site should state this plainly. I like RDBMS security (and I think it needs to be employed more frequently), but there's still no valid reason to ever store a plaintext (or plaintext-equivalent) password. Storing something toxic in a "safe" way doesn't make what's being stored any less toxic. The effort to create and maintain a "secure" one-off credential storage system seems like a waste given the availability of well-tested, accepted methods of credential hashing and storage. We need to get rid of the unregulated, manifest "socialist" medical system that the United States has today and replace it with something that is a known quantity. A public system is one option (and one that I'm in favor of), but there could be other solutions too. In general, the current system doesn't stop people who can't pay from receiving care. If we agree that allowing someone to die because they can't pay isn't acceptable then we need to have some kind of public system. Care is rationed by insurers and providers who make judgement calls that, largely, aren't subject to public scrutiny or regulation. (We have the "death panels" that those opposed to public healthcare railed against, but these "panels" are made up of insurers and providers working in a decentralizd, uncoordianted, and uncontrolled manner.) What we have is a "shadow socialist" system where those parties who can afford to pay have to carry the slack for everybody who can't. Individuals and employers end up paying higher premiums to insurers. Healthcare providers increase the cost of procedures to cover the write-offs for the uninsured. Insurers negotiate relationships that limit consumer choice or access to procedures that providers aren't willing or able to discount. It's like the entire mess is designed to be suboptimal for all parties involved. It's depressing that, as a country, we can't have reasonable discourse, agree to compromise, and come up with some kind of substantive strategy. Agreed. Insuring against inevitability is silly, and health insurance shouldn't cover those events. A friend of mine uses the analogy of "food insurance" to describe the dysfunctional nature of attempts to insure against the inevitable. That's why I said "socialist" (in quotes) instead of socialist. It's not a true socialist system-- it's just a big ball of mud that's grown up over time rather than being something that is designed. Different interest groups have exerted influence over the years to shape that ball of mud in such a way that it benefits them, but it's still a ball of mud. It has the effect of spreading the cost to those who can pay (or who don't have the leverage to get discounts), much the same way that a socialist system would, but without the benefits of having a well thought-out socialist system that is subject to public scrutiny and regulation. I don't know what part of my taxes go to paying for the uninsured. I have anecdotal experience of seeing rather large hospital bills for emergency written-off because the person receiving care didn't have adequate insurance. I would agree that someone with health problems is likely to end up with no assets or credit, bankrupt, and receiving some kind of public assistance. Because writing a program to simulate a person using a web site is so much easier to do than calling an API. It's unfathomable to me why any company in the IT security industry would ship a product with an undocumented remote access mechanism built-in. This seems like a sure way, when the mechanism is inevitably discovered, to cause harm to your company's reputation. I've always felt vaguely distrustful of Barracuda anyway, but it's nice to have some facts to cite when not recommending their products. Does anybody else find the photo of the motel owner a little jarring? It's something about the lens distortion, I think, that makes me see him as a cardboard stand-up when I just glance at the picture. He ended up getting a year of probation ( http://www.freemcowen.com/thelatest.htm ). Facing a huge prison sentence for "hacking"... sounds eerily familiar. >sigh If there's denial of service hiding in there I wonder about what other security bugs might be lurking. It's scary stuff, and pretty much impossible to audit yourself. Edit: Also, I'm a little freaked-out that the EEPROM on the NIC can be modified easily with ethtool. I would have hoped for some signature verification. I guess I'm hoping for too much. Edit 2: I wonder if this isn't the same issue described here: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=632650 It sounds like, in this case, the OP is talking about the EEPROM holding code executed by the embedded coprocessor on the NIC (or, at least, lookup tables that the coprocessor uses) rather than a PCI option ROM that will be executed by the host computer's CPU. Depending on how the access to the EEPROM is performed (i.e. if such access is facilitated by the co-processor versus being read out directly from the EEPROM) I'd think an attacker could even implement "stealth" functionality to allow the compromised EEPROM to appear to be benign when audited. Depending on what functionality is being offloaded to the NIC (are there still NICs that do IPSEC and crypto offload?) there's the possibility for information disclosure vulnerabilities in the NIC itself. Yikes. It sounds like the vulnerability could be used to bring down any machine you can send an arbitrary Ethernet frame to. (I immediately wonder if it works for broadcast frames? Sounds like a way to take down a LAN full of machines quickly if it does.) Edit: Per http://www.kriskinc.com/intel-pod it does work on broadcast frames. Yikes! Reading about the OP's issue got me to a doc from Intel ( http://www.intel.com/content/dam/doc/application-note/sideba... ) re: the "NC Sideband Interface", which sounds like the place where the bug that bit you "lives". Reading over that doc made me shudder a few times, thinking about the complexity and, thus, potential bugs that could be lurking there. I wonder if the OP's bug was related, too. Having the NIC inspecting incoming frames and potentially diverting them to the management controller sounds like a scary proposition. I'd almost rather just have dedicated Ethernet hardware for the management controller. The decrease in switch ports needed is certainly seductive, but I wonder if it's worth the risk. (Do you happen to recall which Intel motherboard this bit you on? I was just getting out of whitebox Intel motherboard-based server builds about the time you're describing, but I'm just curious if only for the nostalgia.) The write-up gave me the feeling that the OP did just that. My experience has been that manufacturers will blow you off unless you can provide a reproducible test case. Certainly, his company doesn't sound like it has the volume necessary to threaten Intel w/ moving to a different NIC manufacturer unless the problem is resolved. With that in mind, I think the amount of work he did was just the right amount. That's not the impression I'm getting from the article or the author's comments. It's worse than that. It's not BIOS-- it's a freestanding computer. You'll enjoy this (or be horrified by it): http://fish2.com/ipmi/itrain.html They're definitely useful tools-- don't get me wrong about that. The fear is that they're controlled, essentially, by an in-band signaling mechanism. Being grafted onto the same NICs on the server computer that you might potentially expose to the Internet makes firewalling them a more difficult proposition. I get a lot of piece of mind from having management interfaces on an an out-of-band control network whenever possible. I looked at the patent referenced in the article ( http://www.google.com/patents/US8239662 ) and was disappointed to see nothing that would appear non-obvious. It looks like it would be pretty easy to infringe on this patent if one were building a pre-boot configuration management system with existing free and open source tools. Definitely. Makes me think of Dimitry Sklyarov and Adobe back in '01: http://www.zdnet.com/news/dimitry-sklyarov-enemy-or-friend/1... http://www.adobe.com/aboutadobe/pressroom/pressreleases/2001... I haven't something quite this egregious happen firsthand, but it fits the pattern for the interactions I've had when working for a "partner company" reselling big-name networking gear. Mailslots are an SMB-based IPC mechanism that dates back to Microsoft LanManager (LANMAN). I could see using mailslots as a mechanism to disguise traffic and potentially thwart NIDS. SMB broadcast traffic is considered "noise" by a lot of admins and might well be excluded from traffic monitoring to prevent "chatty" traffic from filling the logs. Using mailslots, as opposed to rolling a custom broadcast-based protocol, makes the traffic sink into the normal SMB noise floor. There have been vulnerabilities found in the code handling mailslots, but the protocol itself is just a mechanism to do broadcast-based communication. It's old and crufty, dating back to the DOS LanManager days, but I'm sure there are applications out there that still rely on the functionality and, as is typical for Microsoft, the API still exists in modern Windows versions. (The NetBIOS "Browse List" functionality that powered "Network Neighborhood" uses this protocol, for example.) Because the law says they have to. In some settings, privacy and wiretapping laws will apply to using Glass. In some other settings, they won't. Different US states have different laws governing the use of audio and video recording hardware in private versus public settings. Glass is going to force new discussion about one-party versus two-party consent to recordings. It's a conversation that needs to happen. Some US states have audio recording laws that can still apply even "walking down the street". Look at some of the cases of individuals attempting to record police who were charged under wiretapping laws. It seems to be an unpopular opinion, but what you see as the biggest problem I see as the most exciting feature (albeit Glass doesn't go far enough for my desires). I can't wait to see how machine learning can be applied to the corpus of audio and video recorded throughout my daily life. The idea that additional value can be "mined" from that data, retroactively, makes me even more excited. I found the user of Twitter and Google as dead drops interesting. They're both easy channels to disrupt to prevent the malware from receiving instructions, though. I used to speculate in conversation that USENET was just about the best dead drop on the net (actually, I think I heard Bruce Schneier make such a reference in a talk on tradecraft he gave at DefCon one year) being so decentralized. With the decline of USENET I've been hard-pressed to think of a decentralized, distributed dead drop mechanism that malware could make use of. Reading that thread was painful. I always use custom one-off email addresses for services I sign-up for and. When I've attempted to report disclosure of my email address I'm almost always met with major skepticism. It's maddening. I used to enjoy the reactions I'd get from store clerks and telephone reps when I give them my email address. "Oh, how you have an email address with our company name in it?" In recent years the reactions have turned kinda hostile, "What is your connection with our company?" and once "You can't have our company name in your email address." I gave up fighting and now I just use random strings. I'm glad I made the decision to host my own feed reader years ago. Mine's based on an old version of tt-rss, actually (I diverged from the codebase back in '05 when I felt like the author didn't really want any of my contributions). Edit: It looks like I'm also happy that I chose to host my own CalDAV server, too. Edit 2: @koenigdavidmj - Apparently I can't reply that deeply. DAViCal is the CalDAV server I'm using ( http://www.davical.org/ ). My wife and I sync our iPhones to it and it's been a godsend for my personal organization. (Now if I could just find a decent replacement for Mozilla Sunbird...) Sounds like somebody should send out the signal to Archive Team and Jason Scott. I'm running a 6 year old fork of tt-rss on a machine w/ specs that are too embarrassing to post and I get reasonable performance. I use a Postgres back-end and I spent some time tweaking indexes to get it to perform better. I haven't kept up with the mainline tt-rss distribution-- perhaps it's become crufted-up. The older releases definitely could work well even on modest hardware. This is technically interesting and clearly a cool hack, but it leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. It would be one thing to report on the large number of insecure embedded devices attached to the Internet, but it's another thing to actually use other peoples' devices without their permission-- especially at this kind of scale. HD Moore's DerbyCon presentation last year ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-uPh99whw4 ) showed that scanning the entire Internet without resorting to using other peoples' devices to perform the scanning is technically feasible and produces good results. The dataset for scanning for even a fairly large set of applications isn't tremendously large. I've self-hosted my calendar using DAViCal ( http://www.davical.org/ ) since I got my first iPod Touch. My wife and I use it to host shared calendars that we access from our phones. I run it on a cheap box I own but it would be just as easy to host it on an inexpensive VPS. Backup is a Postgres dump taken daily stored locally on the server and rsync'd to two other machines in separate physical locations. It took a couple hours to set up but has been trouble and attention-free for years. I like to tell people "Deep inside all the Windows NT distributions there's a great OS dying to get out...". REACTOS gives me hope that, someday, there'll be a distribution of an NT-based operating system w/o Win32. (Interix on top of NT w/o Win32 would have been close to what I'd have been interested in seeing...) SAML logons are failing, too. Postini as we've know it is shutting down. Google is forcing their Customers to move to Google Apps. I have several Customers who have been using Postini for multiple years each and I'm expecting a rough patch when we start being forced to "transition". As of the last "webinar" I attended w/ Google people there still isn't feature parity for the end user-facing portion of the service for those of us who still have on-premise email servers. Provo, UT was home to the former headquarters of Novell. There are still a number of tech companies in the area as a result of the concentration of talent there. They are advising all officers to power down their cell phones for fear of explosion. This is bad. They're talking about robots on the scene with "devices". It sounds like there are some suspicious devices, potentially explosives. Yikes. I think you're right on the money. I've decoded keys that I've seen people carrying on rings on their belts (and, in many cases, the pin values are stamped right on the key). I don't carry keys where people can see them, but I'm a little bit paranoid. With the advent of this service it probably pays to be a bit more paranoid, since somebody could take a picture of your key, send $5, and get a copy w/o knowing anything about pins and tumblers. Locks and keys keep honest people honest, and make people feel "secure". There's a lot of value in that. The actual security value most locks provide-- not so much. I don't think this service changes that dramatically. I've been itching to try out RoundCube ( http://roundcube.net/ ) for a few years now but haven't found the copious free time to check it out. It looks really pretty and the feature list looks nice. cough WebSQL cough So many apps, HTML5 or native, could benefit from an offline sync story. That wheel doesn't need to be re-invented over and over again. This reminds me a lot of WebSQL, which I've always been sad was killed. Background on the B-Unit: http://www.bloomberg.com/bunit/Overview_Features.pdf Definitely an interesting device.