If true, it is bad news. The non-public markets are by and large only open to 'qualified investors', which in practice means those that are quite wealthy. The single best investment strategy ever devised is diversification. The more of the economy closed to the general public, the less they can diversify, and the worse their risk adjusted returns. The recommended k-12 textbook replacement cycle is generally six years. Of course, there is damage and loss that has to be taken into account, but districts generally try to stretch their purchases out at least that long. I believe google still hasn't pulled h264 support from chrome despite announcing they would do so quite a few versions back. The online students aren't getting the most valuable part of the entire thing - a diploma with the name "Stanford" on it. Yes computer programming is a young profession that isn't as hidebound as many others, but it is maturing and as is true for most other professions, soon proxies will dominate hiring. GTMO interrogator? The weekend is the MTA's Achilles heel. You are much better off at 3AM on a Tuesday than Noon Saturday. At least in the outer boros, they try and keep the lines in Manhatten south of 110 at least vaguely useable. I don't know what the solution is though, they have to do maintenance and upgrades sometime or other. They are doing a dual class offering. The class B shares (i.e. those held by Zuckerberg and other insiders) are going to have ten times the voting rights as the class A shares. I wouldn't by into such an ownership structure, though to be fair, google has such a structure and those that bought that at IPO have done very well so far. From the risks section: As a result of voting agreements with certain stockholders, together with the shares he holds, Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, will be able to exercise voting rights with respect to an aggregate of XX shares of common stock, representing a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following our initial public offering. As a result, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and affairs of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and his ability to control the election of our directors. Additionally, in the event that Mr. Zuckerberg controls our company at the time of his death, control may be transferred to a person or entity that he designates as his successor. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control as a result of voting agreements, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Stewart Baker blogs at http://volokh.com/author/stewart/ . Although I don't always agree with him, he is often quite thought provoking. Although this is perhaps an ill timed suggestion given that it is verisign in the news, I have long thought that DNSSEC would serve as a good mechanism for distributing public keys. Perhaps in conjunction rather than opposition to the current CA system. PowerShell (Windows' shell as of 7) is actually really nice, but it doesn't make any attempt at all to ease the transition to and from *nix shells. The professor in question is a law professor, specifically he deals with securities law. Nitpicky detail are what that area of law is all about! A newly minted securities lawyer will spend his first few years proofing corporate filings (e.g. an offering document) for the tiniest of mistakes, some of which could cost the client millions of dollars if not found. While it might not be the greatest tactic for professors in general, it is a great idea for this particular professor. No in many US universities rigorous calculus proofs are saved for a class called something like Real Analysis which is typically take as the 4th or 5th class for a math major. Compare e.g. Transcendental functions, techniques and applications of integration, indeterminate forms, improper integrals, infinite series. with Algebraic and topological structure of the real number system; rigorous development of one-variable calculus including continuous, differentiable, and Riemann integrable functions and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus; uniform convergence of a sequence of functions; contributions of Newton, Leibniz, Cauchy, Riemann, and Weierstrass. Those analytical skills stand very well on thier own without the need for further study to justify them. Calculus and mechanics are part of a well rounded education in the same way as Shakespeare's principle tragedies, or an understanding of the causes and consequences of WWI are. The fact that these building blocks of knowledge are going to be available in the near future for free to anyone with an internet connection is a modern wonder of the world. The author of this piece apparently isn't familiar with the correct usage of the term corporatism. It has very little do with with promoting business interests. Rather it is a political philosophy that spawned, among other movements, Italian fascism. Such ignorance is particularly appalling given that the author couches his analysis in a sociological framework. Edit: Even worse, the author is listed as a graduate student in sociology. How embarrassing for the University of Maryland. It is as legitimate as the repurposing the term objectivism for Ayn Rand's puerile rants. In other words something one might well expect from a position of ignorance but disappointing from someone who at least ought to know better. English is ambigious enough already without intentional misuse, particularly from would be scholars! I like GWT as well, but its development history makes me a bit nervous about its future. It is open source, but doesn't have a developer ecosystem outside of google employees (in fact they outright state that no one else can be a committer). That in itself wouldn't be the end of the world, but unfortunately google has a) reduced resources devoted to GWT dramatically in the last year or so (many team members were reassigned to the dart project), and b) has a history rapidly changing 'paradigms' and semi-abandoning the code and documentation for the old way of doing things. There are a bunch of really expensive, really useful, 3rd party libraries for financial modeling that are written in C++. A great many languages have support for calling external code, but debugging the interaction tends to be more trouble than it is worth. I realize we are in a bubble, but trust me bubbles don't last forever. You need to think longer term. Ask anyone that was working in tech circa 2002. The questions you should be asking are: -How is the pay? What are the benefits like? What are the expectations for hours? -Does my future boss seem like a person I can get along with? What about my co-workers? -Does the company have a business model that makes sense (i.e. will their checks eventually start bouncing)? -Am I going to be working with technologies that are in widespread enough use that I can get another job even after the bubble bursts (hint: you want technologies that are in use in "boring" corporate settings as well as start-ups)? All of these are far, far more important than if they give you a fancy chair or MacBook Pros; whether they use SCRUM or XP; svn instead of git; etc. Live by the sword, die by the sword. The Water Club on the East Side and whatever they are calling that restaurant in Central Park these days, have a light that they turn on away from the restaurant proper where it is more visible to the road signaling that a patron needs a taxi. Less usefully, but along the same lines you still see doorman blowing whistles to try and get taxis to come down a side street. I'm not sure how this translates into a solution for your problem, but I think you need to consider some hybrid meatspace / internet mechanism. To any AppEngine developers who might see this: Please, please roll out SSL on custom domains already. It's been just around the corner for years! The interminable private beta is offering SNI based SSL for $10/month and IP based SSL for $100/month. FTA: For example, rather than just telling a customer how many visitors came to their site from Twitter, Mixpanel can show how many visitors came in from Twitter, broken down by country, and limited to those were between the ages of 10 and 13. I don't want to know for certain that I have any users under the age of 13. I don't even want to provably have the capability of knowing. There are serious implications under COPPA if you have such knowledge. Without it, you instead fall under the "directed at children" prong of the test which is far easier to avoid. It will depend on how much effort google puts into making really great libraries, frameworks and tools for the language. There are starting from way behind, because javascript has a wide range of good libraries, several decent frameworks and a few okay tools. Dart has virtually nothing. Google's thousands of really great developers, could build out a first rate, albeit single party, ecosystem. It remains to be seen if they will. Early PHP is exactly what came to mind when I read the description. Nothing new under the sun. The hole in the cloud offerings right now are in the "managed server" space. There are plenty of (well grounded) people who aren't worried about having to double capacity every other week, but still don't want to be (or hire) a linux, nginx, memcached, and mySQL guru. Figuring out things like setting up a hot spare with automatic failover, backup, security patching and dealing with DoS attacks are not by any means things that can be picked up in a weekend. GAE and Herko promise this type of thing, but bundled along are the cost, limitations, complexity and opacity of the autoscaling infrastructure. From the regs: (12) Investment . An investment is the treaty investor's placing of capital, including funds and other assets (which have not been obtained, directly or indirectly, through criminal activity), at risk in the commercial sense with the objective of generating a profit. The treaty investor must be in possession of and have control over the capital invested or being invested. The capital must be subject to partial or total loss if investment fortunes reverse. Such investment capital must be the investor's unsecured personal business capital or capital secured by personal assets. Capital in the process of being invested or that has been invested must be irrevocably committed to the enterprise. The alien has the burden of establishing such irrevocable commitment. The alien may use any legal mechanism available, such as the placement of invested funds in escrow pending admission in, or approval of, E classification, that would not only irrevocably commit funds to the enterprise, but might also extend personal liability protection t o the treaty investor in the event the application for E classification is denied. (13) Bona fide enterprise . The enterprise must be a real, active, and operating commercial or entrepreneurial undertaking which produces services or goods for profit. The enterprise must meet applicable legal requirements for doing business in the particular jurisdiction in the United States. (14) Substantial amount of capital . A substantial amount of capital constitutes an amount which is: (i) Substantial in relationship to the total cost of either purchasing an established enterprise or creating the type of enterprise under consideration; (ii) Sufficient to ensure the treaty investor's financial commitment to the successful operation of the enterprise; and (iii) Of a magnitude to support the likelihood that the treaty investor will successfully develop and direct the enterprise. Generally, the lower the cost of the enterprise, the higher, proportionately, the investment must be to be considered a substantial amount of capital. (15) Marginal enterprise . For purposes of this section, an enterprise may not be marginal. A marginal enterprise is an enterprise that does not have the present or future capacity to generate more than enough income to provide a minimal living for the treaty investor and his or her family. An enterprise that does not have the capacity to generate such income, but that has a present or future capacity to make a significant economic contribution is not a marginal enterprise. The projected future income-generating capacity should gen erally be realizable within 5 years from the date the alien commences the normal business activity of the enterprise. I can understand the desire for a start up visa (I would support one) but it doesn't currently exist. Just because you have a friend in France who slipped one by the USCIS doesn't mean that anyone else will be able to. If you can get $1,000,000 together, check out the EB-5 visa. Another common tactic is to get a business started in your own country and then use an L to open a branch in the United States. It makes plenty of sense and it matches my experience. The UCSIS wants people that are going to come with substantial amount of money and set up a business. They don't want someone coming in to go to San Francisco and network, pitch to investors, rapidly iterate till you find market fit, etc. I think they should allow educated, motivated people to come into the country and give it a shot, but that's just not how the law is right now. What do you mean exactly by "allow outside contributions"? Do you have stats on the number of projects with at least one commiter that doesn't work for google? The number of projects with non-trival LoC written by non-employees? The number of projects with an external mailing list as the place where project decisions are hashed out? Thanks for your reply. I appreciate the engagement. --- I think you set up a false dichotomy between corporate open source and non-corporate open source. A better division would be between single organization projects and multi-organization projects. For example, OpenJDK is very much a corporate project - but in addition to Oracle, IBM, Apple and RedHat all have people heavily involved in development. That means that if Oracle were for whatever reason to lose interest the project wouldn't necessarily die (leaving aside patent issues). On the other hand look at GWT, see in particular your colleague cromwellian excellent comments upthread. Here was a technology that Google was at one time devoting a great deal of resources to and was moving quickly and in exciting directions. A lot of companies built businesses on top of the GWT library. Now, for what seem like very good and valid reasons, Google has scaled back its efforts on the project. That's fine, but there is no community ready to pick up the slack. The reasons there is no one to pick up the slack are not technical or legal, but as you describe it "governance and social issue[s]". When there is no path to becoming a committer , you are walled off from discussions about the future of the project and your patches are accepted reluctantly at best - why spend the time to deeply familiarize yourself with a codebase? Except by being hired away by Google, which isn't exactly going to make your company thrilled to sponsor your work on a project. What realistic scanario has the following characteristic: We are fighting against an enemy for which fourth generation fight planes are inadequate and said enemy does not have nuclear armed ICBMs? Meanwhile the Air Force is bent on taking out of service the one type of aircraft that is most useful to actual, likely war-fighting - the CAS planes. The AC-130 was originally designed in the 60s and troops still cheer when it arrives over the battlefield. The boys that run the fighter jet mafia consider such "bus driving" planes beneath them, so we instead of upgrading the A, C and perhaps B lines we have to spend hundreds of billions of dollars buying the kind of F line toys they prefer to play with. You mean trendy rather than nice. There are plenty of nice areas of Brooklyn, and Queens for that matter, that are affordable, safe and have multiple transportation options to midtown and downtown. Places like: Prospect Heights (A,C,2,3), Long Island City (7,N,R,Q,E,M,F), Lefferts Garden (Q,B,2,5), Astoria (N,Q), and Woodside/Jackson Heights (7,M,R & LIRR). You may not be able to find a place to buy $6 PBRs or $5 coffees right around the corner, but I consider that a plus. This is a bad idea. It was a bad idea when paranoid sites did it to try and stop people from stealing their images and it is still a bad idea when trying to be helpful. There is a wide variety of behavior accessed through right click beyond save as. I use right click, slight move the right, left click to go back. A lot quicker than mousing all the way up to the back button, and the four and five button mice never seemed to have caught on. It is legally identical to the MIT license. The prefactory clause is purely hortatory. All trades are made publicly avaiable eventually . The lower latency you want the more you have to pay. And some trades aren't avaiable at low latency for any price. The spread even at highly liquid stocks used to be 0.10+/cents before the introduction of penny pricing and HFT; this saves money for retail investors. ---- It saves money for retail traders (i.e. fools). It has negligible effects on investors in well diversified passively managed funds. Since people still don't seem to be getting it: jwz was one of the principle programmers of Netscape Navigator. He coined the term mozilla. He spearheaded the effort to get it open sourced. If you learned to program in the 90s the only hacker that was even comparable was Carmack. ... and further more all of you youngsters need to get the hell off of my lawn. Maybe Heroku can license the technology to Google, since the Google App Engine team has seemingly been unable to launch a similar solution three years after putting it on their roadmap. Right but not a lot of C99 code, hence the indefinite C90 support. I'm not saying he did anything wrong, but it is a bit of a slap in the face. I think the US should have a policy of not admitting renouncers to the country under any status. No one can stop you from renouncing your citizenship, but if you do you are are an alien. Ask some aliens how easy it is to get a visa to the US. If you voluntarily put yourself in that category at very least you should be at the back of the line. The very best chess teams consist of a computers and a humans cooperating with each. The computer insures perfect tactically play while the human concentrates on overall strategy. Why should programming be any different? The very best IDEs in the hands of a skilled programmer should produce code better than a similarly skilled programmer who insists on using a dumb text editor. If the resulting code can only effectively be modified by a similar computer/human team - well that's a small price to pay. The number one factor in trying to predict whether or not the Supreme Court will grant cert (an appeal) in a given case is whether or not there is a Circuit Split on the question. The number two factor is whether or not the Solicitor General, representing the United States, suggests it grant cert. In no circumstance should the denial of cert be considered an opinion one way or the other on the merits of the case. The great-grand parent's original point was that a language that needs tools to be written effectively is a flawed language. If I diverted that into a meaningless argument about what type of tools are best, then I apologize. I stand by my original point though. I wouldn't want to write in any programming language without tooling and the availability of sophisticated tooling (of many different styles) for a given language is a strength not a weakness. Exersise health benefits follow a power law. It is damn near impossible to exercise enough to double the benefits of going from completely sedentary to twenty minutes of light exersise a day plus breaking up any long periods of sitting with a minute or two of standing and stretching every couple of hours. There is no per se answer to that question. Cryptanalysis is hard, you can't assume things like commutativity and orthogonality. This whole line of thought is at best a waste of time, and at worst dangerous. PBKDF2-HMAC-SHA-256 is a vetted NIST approved standard with an adjustable work factor. It has been subject to professional attention for many years. BCrypt, while not subject to nearly as much analysis nor approved by NIST, was designed by very competent cryptographers, has an adjustable work factor and is based on blowfish -- which has been subject to substantial professional attention. Use one of the above with the highest work factor you have the processing power for and call it a day. Don't try to roll your solution. There are billions of dollars worth of ASICs in the wild designed to accelerate processing TCP. That page and those I found linked from it seemed quite light on details. Can anyone point me to a white paper or something more in-depth on how they plan to run a full blown competitor to ACH? The legal, technical and security challenges seem quite daunting. 4 years later and they still haven't figured out how to offer ssl on custom domains. What kind of animal did you have to sacrifice to get into that program? Some people don't trust black boxes because they have been burned too many times in the past. I don't want to make this an age thing, but in my observation the people who are chomping at the bit to jump on the next big thing are generally those who haven't yet really suffered because of someone else's mistake. Cryptography's got the right attitude. Don't use things that are proven to be broken, but at the same time don't trust anything that hasn't been under the harsh glare of professional scrutiny for a while. Anyone know why only the android session seems to be working? (Circa 4PM EST) Err. I think that should be Social Travel Site rather than Socialist Travel Site. Unless of course they specialize in trips to North Korea. Tell that to the people being bombed. Defense my ass. ... that more money allocated to the 'defense' budget is a good thing. What do you think college was for? You are unlikely to ever again have nearly as easy access to such a broad range of experts all willing to teach / train you in thier subjects. Also unless you have a trust fund you should be spending a good part of the next nine years figuring out how you are going to support yourself for the following fifty. I'm annoyed that no one is reprinting the names. If she's going to do the time she at least deserves that satisfaction, and the gag order doesn't apply to anyone not a party to the case. It's quite difficult to write a VM target that is fast for both dynamic and statically typed languages. The CLR probably comes the closest but is far from perfect. Since we have to have legacy support for javascript approximately forever anyway, I'd say the best way forward is to embed a vm from the statically typed world as a target for static languages and leave js as a cross compilation target for dynamic languages. To avoid nasty cross vm memory leaks you'd probably want to limit interoperability -- at least at first. The attackers names are apparently Will Frey III and Austin Zehnder, Sophmore lacrosse players attending the Trinity High School in Lexington, KY. Pics here: http://www.bluegrassbats.com/5715.html The problem with javascript is similar to the problem with BASIC. The wise elders back then tried to warn us that if you learned to program with BASIC it would take years (if ever) to unlearn those bad habits, but we ignored them. The result is thousands upon thousands of programmers who produce nothing but spaghetti code. Now we have an entire generation of programmers for whom statically typed languages, and compiled languages in general, are completely alien. There is a time and a place for dynamic typing (just as there is a time and place for GOTO) but to start with a language like javascipt inculcates habits that will take years to undue. Google is sitting a giant pile of cash, with few attractive places to park it. In that situation it makes a lot more sense to self insure. If that changes in the future they can always take out a reinsurance policy to cover the costs. It could be worse, you could have started law school circa 2006. 3 years completely wasted, vis-a-vis programming and arguably just about the whole tech universe, $150,000 in tuition. After that you get a degree that serves as an entrance to a profession that is extremely economically depressed, near universally reviled, and the few jobs there are have terrible working conditions and are filled with unhappy people. Live, learn, and try and pass on some hard won lessons. 'Grok in fullness' doesn't make much sense with the current definition in use but is perhaps the critical usage in the book. Contract damages aren't the price paid, they are the value received had the contract been honored. In this case that's probably considerably more. The law isn't unreasonable. If you have a cash-flow sustainable business but you've taken on too many obligations you can restructure in bankruptcy. Of course that'll wipe out your equity holders but they are supposed to be behind creditors. As for laughing at lawsuits, I think you will find that most companies don't. I hate to tell you but being a hip new economy company doesn't impress judges. As I mention downthread, the usual measure of damages in contract is expectancy - i.e. what value would party B recieved if party A had fufilled its part of the bargain. In this case the bargain was akin to a undated bond (the UK issued some of these), in exchange for a payment up front and infinite stream of payments. The net present value of such is straightforward to calculate; one interesting property is that their nominal value is not dependent on the time since issuance, thought their real value drops with inflation. The law is not unreasonable, it allows for efficient breach. No court is going to order specific performance (i.e. that Joyent actually carry out its promise) but it will have to make good via monetary damages. US courts are sophisticated enough to understand such bargains (at least since Posner was appointed to the bench in 1981). The CFO's goal is to make the _existing_ shareholders money, not (hypothetical) future shareholders. As of the IPO it was in the interest of the existing shareholders that the company get as high a valuation as possible. If the CFO deliberately acted to benefit future shareholders at the expense of current shareholders he'd have violated his fiduciary duties. They raised $3 million per employee. They have plenty of ability to offer the very best kind of compensation - cold, hard cash. They want to use a normalized URL as the hashkey to cache system. Depending on exactly what type of hashing they are doing, the normalization could be a significant fraction of the lookup time. If you are going to get all micro-optimized, you should probably combine the normalization and hash steps, as there is likely some string parsing / building that could be eliminated. Also: it's a pretty fun exercise. They can always take the upthread suggestion of repricing options, or issuing RSU. I'm really not seeing any employee downside other than some punctured dreams - and I don't see how those dreams would have been any less punctured if they had IPO'd at $10 and moved to $18. I know it may not seem that way sometimes, but NoCal is not the entire world - nor does the entire world take their cultural cues from NoCal. The suit is very much alive in NY, in London, the entire legal world, and in many other places. That's just during the day. For formal events / outings it is SF that is the extreme outlier. In the rest of the country if you are going to a fancy restaurant, a wedding, an awards dinner or the like you wear a suit. The original rational for the suit actually still holds for these occasions - it removes the need to constantly chase the latest fashions, as many woman and all hipsters must. They are probably running into two opposing trends: 1) The areas that most resemble thier other markets and have a big unmet need for convenient cabs are in upper Manhattan / and the outer boros (minus Williamsburg and Brooklyn Heights) and are served - when served at all - by black cars. 2) The people most likely to have heard of their app and have it on their phone are mostly in core Manhattan and the aforementioned parts of Brooklyn, and are pretty well served by the yellow cabs. This article is one in a series dealing with problems that arose out of programming Starcraft in the mid-90s. There was no unique_ptr back then, and it was rare to find even junior programmers that were native c++'ers. Intelligence and hard-work are extremely important, but it can't wholly make for experience. How can you write about start-ups without ever having lived through a downturn? Sure, you can read about it, but the proper level of skepticism bordering on cynicism is impossible if all you've ever seen is the fat years. It is true about physicists, also mathematicians (look at the Fields medal winners.) On the other hand, novel writing is by and large a middle age and older persons' game. There are a handful of great novels from people in their twenties, but most of those authors go on to write even greater works later in life. There are advantages and disadvantages to youth. Trying to pretend that everyone is equal and it is all a matter of how hard you try is one of the great fallacies of our era. If you have way more indistinguishable applicants than positions you are paying too much. There is another possibility besides growing old. Lossless compression works by exploiting redundancy in the data. If I want to compress a text file that contains the word 'uncharacteristically' 1000 times, I can simply replace ever occurrence with the a certain short unused byte sequence and record the mapping in the header. Similarly in an image file, if there is a block of 50 pixels that are all the same color, I can replace that block with a special byte sequence and map the coordinates and color in the header. But if I have truly random data, there are no patterns to exploit. The shortest means of representing random data - is the data itself. This is provable using information theory (which in a way is a branch of thermodynamics). I meant Kolmogorov randomness which is defined via incompressibility. Low grade heat ( Otherwise you are pretty much out of luck - The efficiency of energy extraction from a heat engine is thermodynamiclly limited by the difference between the hot and cold sides. And trying to transport it any significant distance ends up being more trouble than its worth as pumping water gets energy intensive very quickly (and air has terrible heat capacity.) If you intend a full spend down (which I would recommend, if you want to give your kids money, do it while your alive) you don't need nearly as many assets. With an 70 year old white female and a 66 year old white male, they have about the same life expectancy - around 13 years. With no growth / interest that's ~$936,000, with a reasonable return it's around $100,000 less. That's fine for a programming position, but they apparently (from the article, not personal experience) ask these type of questions to more than just programmers. Here's a for example: http://www2.ncl.com/vacations?key=EPIC17CIVLIVMRSPMIBCNFNCST... 17 days from Rome to Miami in October, with stops in Florence, Provence, Palma, Barcelona, Funchal, & St. Thomas, for $2738(balcony room). I agree their UI is somewhat nicer, but they don't have all the features. In particular they don't have one way. If they aren't your (potential) customers and/or those of your advertisers, do you really care? All the countries in North America, Europe and South America ex-Chile and and Venezuela are at less than 1% IE 6 usage.[1] 7 & 8, which are better but still not great developer-wise, unfortunately still have a ways to go before passing that threshold. But at a minimum you should think long and hard before pouring time into IE 6 compatibility. [1] http://www.ie6countdown.com/#list More of an engineer than a scientist, no? Indeed. People look at a car rental business and think 'I can offer better customer service'. Maybe, maybe not but that's only one of the necessary business lines. Rental car companies are the largest buyers of new vehicles in the world, and more importantly the largest sellers of used cars. What's your strategy in those areas? What's your cost of working capital going to be? Ditto with insurance, these companies generally self insure the collision, can your startup afford to do that? Then there's counter space at the airport. These generally come on the market rarely and at a different time and process for each airport. How are you going to compete when your lot is a twenty minute shuttle ride, and your competition has a lot in walking distance from the terminal? I'm not saying it's impossible but the barriers to entry are high. It's a branch as mathematicians think of branches, not as laymen do. It isn't a new algebra, calculus, or geometry. Not to minimize the accomplishment at all, but it happens a handful of times a generation. Google should comply. If the rightsholders want to give their titles the internet death penalty who are we to argue? Bootcamp isn't about skills, it's about breaking down the civilian mentality and then building back up a military one. For those destined to be more than cannon fodder, the skills training comes in advanced courses that last months or occasionally years (e.g. nuclear sub courses). Pick up a few books like Liar's Poker, When Genius Failed, and Barbarians at the Gate. That'll give you an engaging intro. Then you can start reading sites like FT, seekingalpha, Bloomberg, etc. A few pieces of advice: under no circumstances do you want to get caught in the weeds of technical analysis, similarly stay away from the gold bugs, and finally learning is good, but don't jump in unless you are prepared to lose your shirt. Technical analysis is curve fitting run amok. There is so much data that the dangers of post hoc hypothesis formation is even more acute than usual. On top of that the 'field' is filled with people hawking a mix of appeal to intuition and techno-babble that is really smarmy. As for gold bugs, you aren't going to learn anything about trading from them. They may be right or they maybe be wrong but if your answer to everything is buy gold, how interesting is that? On top of that, and something I'd rather not get into a huge debate about, their understanding of macro tends to be pretty medieval. Gold isn't a terribly useful metal. There are some minor electrical applications, a handful of catalyst applications, and of course jewelry. The size of the international investment stocks is a great multiple of the annual usage in all these categories. So the high value of gold is predicated on the high value of gold -- think tulips, Miami condos, and dot com equity. However, gold has been in this bubble for a very very long time. Consider the famous investing maxim "the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent" and just stay away is my opinion. In response to the sibling post on transmuting gold, the minimum possible energy cost is really, really high (due to the necessary gamma rays and the cross section of 198Hg). Unless we figure out a way to produce to nearly free energy it is never going to be worth it. It looks like the instruction set they implemented was ARMv7s which is notable for its support of VFPv4 (hardware fused multiply add and better support for single precision vector floating point arithmetic.) While Apple may certainly have been involved as far as I know, these are ARM technologies. In general if you want a new instruction I'd think you are better off going to a CISC vendor than a RISC one. It may have been improper in some grand sense, but that's not what Professor Kerr was addressing. He was addressing whether or not the conduct fit the laws in question, as interpreted by the relevant case law. Alex Stamos doesn't even really try to refute that. Instead he provides context that suggests that it was an injustice to apply those laws to Aaron Swartz. That's a separate question, and one that Kerr apparently intends to address in a follow up post. A felony is any crime for the which the maximum penalty is at least one year in prison. The term used to mean crimes which were potentially capital, but with so few of them these days the definition changed. That's supposed to be the second blog post. While we wait though, I wonder Aaron's lawyers ever explained to him that thirty five years was an all but impossible outcome of this case, that seven years was a longshot and some type of non-incarceration a distinct possibility. If his lawyers for some reason didn't make that clear they did him no favors. Now whether pervasive overcharging to extract pleas is itself ethical is another question ... I guess I don't see that as a matter of law. The wire fraud statue talks of false pretenses, regardless of the method of circumvention, reconnecting after being banned looks like false pretenses to me. As for civil versus criminal, the law makes no such bright line distinction - almost every crime with an identifiable victim is also a tort. Now admittedly I'm not an expert at internet law (though I do have a JD), but Professor Kerr is. Unless your contention is that he doesn't understand the technical details well enough to render an opinion, I don't see how you or the linked article refute his opinion given that you neither of you address it head on (i.e. using the case law). How about the US Supreme Court: See Carpenter v. Pennsylvania, 58 U.S. 456 (1854): "The debates in the federal convention upon the Constitution show that the terms "ex post facto laws" were understood in a restricted sense, relating to criminal cases only, and that the description of Blackstone of such laws was referred to for their meaning. 3 Mad.Pap. 1399, 1450, 1579. This signification was adopted in this Court shortly after its organization in opinions carefully prepared, and has been repeatedly announced since that time. Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386; Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch 87; 33 U. S. 8 Pet. 88; 36 U. S. 11 Pet. 421."