Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter. Really Apple hasn't given enough support for web standards ? Because I wonder where the world would be today without WebKit. Because it is about more than the algorithm. Developers shouldn't have to spend $100K to get into the top 10 of an App Store. For whatever reason. That is money that Apple would much rather see dedicated to making better apps. There's nothing amazing about Linode's pricing and absolutely not worth the security risk and lack of transparency. Their support is terrible when you have a real problem and non existent during an incident. Go does't have 1/100000 the amount of libraries and support that Ruby or C does. Option A only seems simpler because you ignore the time/complexity in coding the task at hand. Yes. Nearly 20 years ago. But don't worry the JVM can save you. http://code.google.com/p/jgo/ Because I am being realistic. Ruby, C, Java etc have had decades to build a comprehensive set of developer libraries. Go hasn't. It's a "cute" platform that I am sure will beat Ruby in a few benchmarks. But I don't see any reason why anyone would seriously consider it for a real world app. I don't think you understand what you're even saying. Hearsay is information you've obtained from a third person i.e. not directly witnessed. The reporter directly witnessed a sudden spike in voting on the Disqus forum. He directly witnessed an articulate post being heavily downvoted. He was not complaining that there was anti-Apple sentiment on the internet. He was complaining it was happening specifically on his site. And had the appearance of being coordinated. The difference is that the reporter witnessed what appeared to be a coordinated effort to downvote the anti-Samsung posts. The hilarity of all of this is that the current product pipeline was signed off by Steve Jobs whilst he was alive. And the same people (except for Forstall) are still there plugging away. But that said Apple just needs to follow the iPod strategy for the iPhone/iPad and they will continue to pour in the cash. By that I mean products at lower price points but still maintaining the same premium aesthetic. Also I would stake my life that Apple WILL release a TV. But it will be 4K and coincide with a "H.265 across the company" strategy. Wow. I didn't realise just how incompetent Linode actually is. Not only terrible security at a coding level but completely non existent audits. I wonder what they were after if not money. What are people hosting ? You're still using Linode ? Why ? http://turtle.dereferenced.org/~nenolod/linode/linode-abridg... Based on what we've seen before I wouldn't give Linode the benefit of the doubt. The password is most likely cracked by now. Anything but Linode. People REALLY need to stop recommending them. When it comes to GAE it really doesn't seem like Google's heart is in it. Which given their history is a bad, bad sign. Why stop at currencies ? Are we now going to have evernote, dropbox, flickr etc ? Do you actually think the NFL is going to place a sharp-edged cube of perspex 1 inch from a player's eye ? Because that sounds far-fetched to say the least. Likewise I can't imagine anyone seriously using the fragile, expensive Glass instead of something a bit more rugged. How do you think Apple makes its products ? Magic ? They have to communicate and partner with lots of suppliers from small to large around the world. They also have content partnerships with Twitter, Yahoo, Facebook, Tom Tom, Yelp etc. And the there is the huge array of media partnerships in the iTunes Store. Seems like a LOT of partnerships actually. Actually maps is getting better organically. It surpasses Google Maps in a number of cities and being vector has a much better overall experience. The cloud services should be split. iTunes Music Store has been pretty rock solid since its inception. It's really iCloud Sync and the Mail features that need work. As was said on the Kickstarter page, he could. But then again he would potentially lose final cut, character choice, location choice etc. Return business class flights in Australia to Los Angeles can be at least $15K. If you are going to WWDC to just watch the lectures then you are missing the point. The point is to have Apple engineers look at your code, ask questions of the presenters, give feedback to Apple execs, network with fellow developers, attend the various BOFs etc. The most interesting part of WWDC is going to be seeing whether the SDKs for iOS and OSX unify. If developers can have one code base and deploy to all the Apple products (AppleTV, Mac, iPad, iPhone) it could be a real game changer for the whole industry i.e. the first multi-device platform war. I assume MS is thinking the same way (XBox, Windows, Windows Phone) with their recent moves as well as Ubuntu. I am guessing a bold, colourful change to the UI for both iOS/OSX. Something like this: http://cdn.cultofmac.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/calendar... Given that Ive is now in charge of UX as well he will want/need to differentiate himself from Forstall. And iOS/OSX are definitely due for a major overhaul. I disagree: If they did spread FUD they would be widely considered to be out of touch by the IT crowd. The same crowd they need to be incorporating the Paypal APIs into their apps. Sure. You could have a scaleable/responsive UI, separate layouts for each platform i.e. xibs or completely separate interfaces. But you would still need that common SDK. It looks that everyone is working to that goal. But no one is sure yet. But then the point could be made that those thousands of people on Kickstarter would be advocates or "net promoters" for the movie. Exactly. I was in North Korea early this year and even in the rural outskirts it isn't comparable to the poverty you see in Africa. I guess Africa just isn't interesting enough. So true. Maven is the PostgreSQL of build tools. What type of deluded nonsense is this ? Since when did adoption by the US government decide who will win the mobile platform 'war'. And I was under the impression that Apps 4 Army was built for iOS first. Does that mean iOS will now 'win' ? I've never understood this "don't obsess about performance at the start" rule. Is it really that much of a problem spending a few extra hours prototyping different solutions and factoring in performance from the start. Why wouldn't I pick Vertx over Play if it 2-3x faster with similar productivity. That's money not spend on VPSs that can be used for marketing. Likewise why wouldn't I look at a binary serialization format if it means my iPhone app starts up 5 seconds quicker. Users decide whether or not your app is worth keeping in those few seconds of starting the app. Why not spend time trying to keep them ? Or as great as PostgreSQL is for single server deployment why wouldn't I look at something easier to manage, trivial to scale and a more agile schema like a DynamoDB, MongoHQ, Cassandra. Especially if I am a single person startup. I understand about premature optimisation but it seems to make a lot more sense to properly consider your architecture from the start rather than deferring it. Or did we all forget Digg v4 ? Right. So then the mantra should be "pick the technology stack you know best" as opposed to "don't obsess about performance". They aren't the same thing. Actually an Engineer should be reserved for those who actually have an Engineering degree. It is a professional designation akin to a Doctor, Lawyer etc. Are these 'features' not available in the US ? Because they are standard here in Australia/NZ and IIRC the UK. Almost every major service center will loan you a car and provide a valet service. And the Annual Service Contract is typically thought of as a 'lock you in' scam to prevent you from getting cheaper servicing through third parties. I don't really see a lot of innovation here. I would like to see the car notify Telsa of a specific component fault then they come out to house/work and fix it on the spot. Or do servicing at night time and on weekends. I don't think it'll be too different from pulling out your phone from a politeness standpoint. This is the point a lot of Glass proponents don't seem to get. They assume that not paying attention to you whilst looking at your face is somehow more polite than looking at your phone. It's not. I suspect that over time Glass will become like Bluetooth earpieces. Perfect for use alone but a faux pas around other people. It is looking away that breaks conversations, not doing something else. You ARE looking away. And depending on how many messages you receive it could be just as irritating to the person(s) you're with as constantly checking your phone. Least of all the constant doubt about whether your conversation is being recorded or not. I am not disputing their unquestionable usefulness I just have doubts they will be acceptable in most social situations. For all we know it could be happening to lots of people. But they aren't tech journalists so we don't know about it. Are you arguing that truth doesn't have the potential ? If so. Care to upload photos of your passport, credit card and social security documentation ? Do you not have a sat nav ? I take it you didn't read past the first few paragraphs. Weird. I just downloaded the iOS app and it is useless to me. It has a Weather card which is terribly inaccurate and nothing else. So there is one area that Siri definitely beats Google Now and that is usability from day one. It is an important criteria for a mobile app. Silly guy. There is more to Scala than just the language. It is the JVM platform with its decades of features and hundreds of thousands of libraries. I personally don't understand the point of Go. If Google wasn't using it then it would have been forgotten by now. I could easily see Node persisting for years to come solely based on the "run Javascript on client or server" feature. It is pretty compelling and for new developers why wouldn't you just learn Javascript and skip the server-side languages. Of course types and structures are useful but why do I need it in my database as well as in my app ? That's one reason databases like MongoDB have become popular because you can deal exclusively with your domain model and treat the database like an object store. So you still have everything structured but not have to worry about annoying migrations. I have unit tests around my domain model so just as confident as I would be if I was using an ORM library. With the advantage of course of not having to worry about yet another library to manage especially working on mainly Java apps. And like many are doing these days I do all my joins in my app so that I have the flexibility of moving objects into more appropriate storage mediums e.g. Redis or Solr without major refactoring. I am not dismissing the benefits of having business rules in the database only that they aren't always necessary. I would guess that 95% of databases in use today aren't. I currently work at one now. But large, non-tech sector companies make up what 5% of the total number of businesses today ? And even then more and more systems are integrating via internal APIs or MQs rather than directly to the database. I don't know if you've ever travelled but very often withdrawals from an ATM will be processed without the balance of the user being known at that time. It's why your bank account can go into negative territory. Here is the question and results: http://news.sky.com/story/1084991/britons-trust-google-as-mu... As you can see any conclusions you can draw about Google are pointless since it was specifically benchmarked against politicians, banks etc which are universally disliked. It is obviously a broad based study. So here are a few of the other questions: http://www.mirror.co.uk/money/personal-finance/future-britai... After being bitten the first time with Linode I don't care what technical measures they are taking. I want to know what process and policy changes have been made. Do they still store public/private keys on the same server ? How often are they doing security audits (which clearly never happened before) ? Are they still going to be dodgy and withhold key information from their users ? Are users still going to find out hackings from IRC/Reddit rather than Linode itself ? Two factor authentication would have done NOTHING to prevent both hacking attempts. it would not be secure enough for a service storing bitcoins Linode was hacked twice (once where Bitcoins were stolen) in recent times and was shown to have the worst security practices I've ever seen. They have never been secure enough for storing Bitcoins. Make a change, restart the server, wait 5s, see if it works/check debug output. Look at JRebel, Play or Nailgun. Most of us aren't waiting 5 seconds before checking output. We just refresh the browser. Do they think their customers are stupid and will forget the incident? Yes. They have done it before and people on here still recommend them with a straight face. It honestly confuses me that people care so little about security. It sounds dreadful. I would much rather they be using a tablet so they can be 110% sure that the symptoms and diagnoses are clearly articulated. Having them rushed across a tiny screen or read out sounds like a disaster waiting to happen. Devices like Glass should only be used for small, simple problems where a wrong answer isn't going to result in someone dying. We don't yet know what the specifications of the consumer Glass will be. It could have digital/optical zoom in the camera. Also a program could be written to recognise a person's fingers and make statistical assumptions about the keys they would be most likely to press. But I think the ATM argument is moot anyway. Far easier to skim the card or simply rob them. Nobody liked the Nintendo DS when it first came out either Who is nobody ? The gaming community ? Because I would imagine the majority of the population would not know or care what Nintendo DS is. I fail to see how it is applicable to Google Glass which is designed from day one to be a mass-market device. I fail to see how. People use GoPro in generally sporting or rugged situations. Google Glass is pretty fragile and in those situations having a one inch glass/perspex cube in front of your eye is very dangerous. Can you possibly be a bit more specific when talking about 'resources' and 'much larger'. Makes it hard to evaluate if it is even an issue or not. Also can you elaborate more on the multi-DC part of CouchBase. Documentation seems to imply only supports two-DC replication and I find the "currently supports continuous replication of data" line to be odd. What are the future plans for CouchBase in this area ? Are you replying to the right person ? I don't own Bitcoins. And if I did I would never, ever host them on a Linode server. The days of Google Maps being vastly better than Apple Maps are fast disappearing. It is about 95% parity for Australia and UK at least and any differences are being eliminated rapidly. And the touted advantages of Street View aren't there since the data is at least 4 years out of date in some countries. The fact is that Maps aren't something you can dramatically keep improving. You reach the "everything is mapped" point and then it becomes a keeping everything up to date scenario. It is just me or is it a recent change ? I find Google Search to be incredibly frustrating to use because it chooses to ignore search terms even when pages exist with those terms. Google better be really careful because crippling the experience in order to sell more advertising reminds me why I switched away from Altavista. Whatever the reason. It has changed recently and is annoying. Search for "vertx play framework" and the last two search results don't have the term vertx despite pages and pages of results with the term. I don't understand how dropping search terms can make the results more relevant. Also you can't set the default search to verbatim. You can only hack the query parameters in specific browsers. If Facebook genuinely saw Path as a competitor they would simply buy it and kill it. I think it's more a case that Path's spamming tactics could have been seen to have Facebook's approval had they not intervened and put an end to it. Also add StatsMix, Librato, PirateMetrics and Startup Compass to the competitors list. I am not your target market but good luck regardless. I don't understand what you mean. America executes thousands of their "lower classes" each year as well as part of the criminal justice system. Doesn't mean that it is systemic "cleansing". You need to have better sources if you believe that is what China is doing. And the reason the entire world dislikes Israel as a country (as of the latest world popularity ranking) is due to its one-sided, selfish foreign policy and this ridiculous "anti Israel = anti Jewish" position many Israelis take. When everyone is sick of it you shouldn't be surprised if many academics are too. Do all intellectuals act as a single collective ? No ? Then do you mind not peddling such pathetic and baseless nonsense. Actions of few != Actions of all. You do know that plenty of people have given reviews on Glass ? None that I have seen predict that it will have mass-market appeal. Quite the opposite in fact. Many believe that they would wait for a 3rd generation version to truly decide on its potential. It's likely that Glass will be banned for driving based on what we saw in West Virginia. Which makes sense since your eye does have to look away from the road in order to use the device. Not to mention the drop in attention. Also have you heard of sat nav ? I was looking at the number of people on death row which is in the thousands. So willing to retract that. And this study was widely reported in the BBC and elsewhere: http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2012... As you can see Isarel is down there with North Korea, Pakistan and Iran and with a downward trend in popularity no less. I have found lots of the smaller VPS providers (especially those that provided dedicated/colo services) to have great service. Check on http://webhostingtalk.com I fail to understand how you can think Linode has a great track record. It is an unequivocal disgrace. TWICE they have mislead their own customers over a major security incident. And there have been lots of times during outages (in particular my time at Fremont) where they were MIA. No. What went wrong with MeeGo was that it was too little, too late. I played extensively with the N9 and it just wasn't that impressive. It was pretty slow, had a cumbersome UI with next to no apps, ecosystem e.g. store/media or accessories. Nokia's hardware talent would simply have been wasted on it. Not really sure what he means. Apple isn't using smaller and smaller drives for the MacBook Air. The current release goes up to 512GB which is the max so far. And 10 years worth of high res photos and movies is always going to take up space. Why doesn't he just buy an external hard drive like a normal person or use Dropbox/S3 etc ? Google+ and your Android phone can manage 70GB of photos and ensure that they properly synced to multiple devices including a Mac ? Thumbnails get generated because most cameras are outputting multi-GB JPEG/RAW which take too long generate in real time on low end Macs whilst scrolling the thumbnail view. And Apple apps don't go to great lengths to hide photos. They are stored in your Pictures folder in a package e.g. Aperture Library. Just right click and your photos are there. Packages are great for inexperienced users since it is easier to backup and less opportunities to mess up the metadata. Dropbox WILL upload in the background for IIRC 10 mins as well as when you move around. https://www.dropbox.com/help/500/en Dropbox definitely knows about it. https://www.dropbox.com/features/photos It is up to individual cameras to support thumbnails and the resolution either way is postage stamped. The large 1024x1024 previews are for the large thumbnail view of your photos/albums (try it in iPhoto and you will see). And the metadata is stored inside the iPhoto/Aperture library package. For Aperture at least it is an open standard XML file so there is no 'lock in' what so ever. No. That's a con for the car. As the population of the world increases housing density will also increase. Hence it is important that Tesla find a way to accommodate people like condos as well as people who rent. Still waiting for an equally detailed update on what happened the last two times they were hacked. Having a secure VPS is far more important than the DC. I just don't like the "right tool for the job" argument. Then say the "right technology for the task" then. There is no ONE database that works perfectly in every situation. If a database lost data in a single server configuration, why would you trust it as a cluster? Please be serious here. EVERY database has had at one point lost data due to a bug. It doesn't mean that there is some systemic problem that means you should jump ship immediately. To this day Foursquare who are the ones referred to in the article still use MongoDB: http://engineering.foursquare.com/2012/11/27/mongodb-at-four... I am still a bit confused what the point of VP9 is. Microsoft and Apple pay for the licenses on behalf of developers and users so licensing cost only affects a very tiny minority. And with the likes of Sony (PS), Microsoft (Windows/XBox) and Apple (iOS/OSX/Final Cut) firmly in the H.265 camp why would you produce content for VP9 if no one can play it. I don't believe any of this is correct. If I use my Canon 5D/iPhone to film a movie then edit with Final Cut Pro and upload my video to YouTube at what point am I required to pay the MPEG-LA for a license ? Are you really suggesting that tens of millions of people are in breach of MPEG-LA licensing requirements ? I have a SmartTV as well. Tried the apps once and never touched it again. It really is 90's era software. I honestly can't fathom why the TV manufacturers are just sitting back, twiddling their thumbs and waiting for Apple to come in and make them look stupid. I mean really is a TV so much more complicated to build a decent UI for than a smartphone or computer ? Have you never used the Google apps on the iOS before ? They are good but not significantly better than Apple's built in ones. Apple Maps may have less quality data but has a much better UI and uses a lot less data. Google Now is pointless compared to the genuinely useful Android version. Chrome is slower in most cases than Safari and not integrated with the rest of the OS. And really all their other apps simply aren't popular. Unfortunately Apple just doesn't give third party apps any room to expand beyond its tiny little sandbox. This was in September 2011. Are you really holding a grudge for this long ? My suggestion would be to forget about this and move on. No offense to anyone but GNOME is just dreadful and there are so many other Linux/FOSS projects that desperately need people. Help them out instead. Yes. Yes. Yes. A well supported, polished multi-master implementation would definitely bring PostgreSQL into the 21st century. It's been far too long not to have this. And look to databases like Cassandra for ease of setup and maintenance. Cassandra would be the one to look at. Have strong consistency by default with the option to define eventual consistency per query/session. It's so useful with Cassandra to have that flexibility to favour performance over accuracy. Also OOTB should support EC2, ZeroConf/Bonjour and make it understand racks/data centres. Definitely deployment flexibility. Write on OSX, Test on Linux, Run on Solaris. But also performance. JVM can be faster than say C/C++ code in many cases.