Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph There is a set. It's called the power set. It contains all the sets in a space. The Fragebogen zur steuerlichen Erfassung. Every freelancer and small business owner in Germany has to fill it. It's long, it's complicated, and it's full of things that are hard to understand. I wrote a guide on how to fill it ( http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/fragebogen-zur-steuerlichen... ), but I wish there was an easier way to fill it. I live in Berlin too, and I do that a lot. I put my phone in my pocket, take random directions until I get loss, then slowly find my way back. I discovered a lot of things that way, and learned to orient myself in the city. I also saw lots of nice little gems that go unnoticed if you are not paying attention. A useful one for Berlin: trains usually drive on the right, so you know which way a station is by looking at the train signs. I can't speak for you, but I only heard about GDPR 6 months or so ago, like most people outside of Hacker News. Most small businesses only heard about it in the last 6 weeks. Sure, the regulation was there, but nobody talked about it, and it's unreasonable to expect people to magically learn about EU regulations, especially if they don't live in the EU. > I've done full compliance for six companies and it cost less than £250 each What about your salary? There are legitimate reasons to need to know how your website is being used. Submission statement: I compiled this guide over the last two months, covering all the little laws I needed to follow to make my website compliant. Since the GDPR regulation is full of little holes, I tried to refer as much as possible to other sources. I am aware that some things are missing. Online merchants have to follow quite a few more rules, but I'm not qualified to explain these. That's what Toyota did for a while. They recycled existing technology to make their little engines better and faster, instead of developing new engines at a much higher cost. On the other hand, there is little incentive to spend a billion dollars developing a one dollar product if it gets copied by everyone else. It can incentivize stagnation. What if the discovery process is risky and expensive? Protecting the idea is what pays the investors back. This also reads like opinion dressed as fact This is good, because that process now becomes the API's problem and not yours. Their tests cover it, not yours, and it makes your work simpler. I've always made my own themes, and even those can be fairly slow without the standard caching plugins. Optimizing Craft CMS sites was a breeze by comparison. Nobody pays for content. Let's stop pretending it's a usable business model. Even paywalls are hated by most, and banned by some communities. If you block ads, they'll simply make the content an ad. If restaurants offered meals for free, people wouldn't complain about the ads on the menu. No restaurant offers free meals though. Should we start charging for everything we see online? Isn't this premise flawed though? I'd assume that even low-calorie plants are still way ahead of your average cow in terms of environmental impact. You have omitted methane emissions from that calculation, even though their impact is significant. You also ignored that plants produce oxygen instead of consuming it. I recently started reducing my meat consumption, and I was surprised by how many people are doing the same without making a big deal out of it. That is the sort of change that sticks. While I think millennials (that's like 30 years worth of people) do this, I don't think that's the only reason they travel, just an added perk. It reminds me of "reduce, reuse, recycle, in that order". It's better to reduce resource consumption than to reduce its impact. Truth be told, I love big hero images amd especially videos. However, they're the largest performance problem on my otherwise text-based website, and they're purely aesthetic. This becomes especially apparent when you're in a country with a different language and alphabet (Greek, Cyrillic, Chinese, etc). Even if the device successfully pronounces it, you can't look for it on street signs. This is fine for turn by turn navigation though. All that text would just be a distraction when you're driving or riding. Right? Pure content. I'm saving it as inspiration. Yes! I performed a major refactor that lasted about 6 months. With the commit history (that linked to tickets with discussions and even mockups), I could understand the process of people who had left the company two or three years ago. It allowed me to tell obscure business logic from leftover code and bugs. I could trace each line of code to its requirement. I also used it to pinpoint the cause of a bug after updating a docker image, knowing that the bug was introduced in a certain file between certain dates. Now I try to strictly enforce detailed tickets and ticket numbers in commit messages. I write guides for people who do not speak English fluently. I keep my sentences short, I use simple words, and I use the Oxford comma. It helps a lot. I moved to Germany when I didn't speak German. The government uses complex language to talk to people who don't speak German. It made me angry, and I wanted to do better. In my opinion, sentences that start with the condition are easier to read. You already know if they are relevant to you. For example, "If you meet condition A, you must do B" is easier to parde than "You must do B if you meet condition A". I also avoid idioms. They are fun, but they are hard to understand. I have many other tricks, but your two tricks are the most important. It helps. There is a place and a time for clever language. You don't have to make complex topics more complicated with language. If you are a government service, you will serve people who are not native speakers. I help. I run a website that helps people figure out life in Berlin in Germany. It covers important topics in plain language. These days I maintain an overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin, and spread correct information in various communities. The government is doing a poor job at propagating information, and most sources are only in German. Save a few surprisingly hostile people, the response has been very positive. It feels good to be helpful, even if it's only for a few hundred people. Now (or in the next few months) might be a good moment to enter the stock market, while all stocks are down. I don't think it's easy (nor ethical) to monetise the crisis directly, but some forms of income are resilient to it. Some products and services are needed at all times, and you can earn a commission for promoting those. For instance, people still go through my website to understand various aspects of German bureaucracy. They open bank accounts, get health insurance, get liability insurance and so on. They get help free help, and I get paid to provide it. It's a nice business model. Many freelancers have lost their income because of the pandemic. I plan to write a comprehensive overview of their options. It might lead some of them to get things they genuinely need: disability insurance, private pensions and so on. This benefits both my readers and me. Software development is also largely unaffected by this crisis (although the companies that employ them are). I wanted to finish this contract in May and ride into the sunset on my motorcycle, but with Europe shutting down, I'll keep working for as long as I'm needed. I also use the shutdown to save money. I have nowhere to spend it anyway. I don't commute anymore, so I always eat at home. I use the 2 hours a day I just saved to work on my motorcycle. It's much cheaper than paying someone else to do it. I don't spend much time covering the virus itself. My main concern is to keep people updated about closures, financial support and other things that directly affect them. It occasionally freezes. I occasionally touch the buttons by accident. Mine is missing the physical escape key. The problem as I understand it is that those large companies hire thousands of skilled workers, and are often the only source of employment in some regions. If they go under, they bring a significant segment of the population with them. I maintain a clear overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin ( https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/coronavirus ). Right now, I'm a bit overwhelmed and I could really use some help. - I need help with collecting and summarising the daily updates - I would like to add more information about backup plans for employees and freelancers (this will become its own guide) - I would like to compile a list of ways people like you can help. Feel free to get in touch (see the Impressum page). I'll take as much help as I can get, but I have zero demands. RTFM is necessary because asking a question is cheaper than answering it. People ask a lot of questions they could trivially answer themselves, at the detriment of the community. I moderate a community for a European capital. Without an RTFM policy, we'd spend our days retyping the same answers you could find with a Google search: what to do on a trip there, where to print documents, how to pay a public transit fine etc. That's a point that keeps coming back in minimalist and travel communities. People brag about how little they own, and it looks perfect until you ask about the logistics of it. You quickly find out that their minimalist existence is often propped by cheap third-world labour, or by a complete lack of financial planning. They don't own any of the tooks they need to fend for themselves. In a sense, their lifestyle is only possible as other people are there to support it. Someone else has to provide the tools, and usually the expertise. Any labour you pay is paid with your post-tax income, with sales tax on top. You'd need to work two hours to buy an hour of your own labour. You usually get paid for a fixed number of hours, so the time you save by hiring an expert can't be spent at work paying for it. There's usually some overhead involved too: finding labour, scheduling appointments, bringing your car to the dealership etc. Doing your own oil change takes less time than driving to the garage. You don't have to do everything on your own, but I'd save the experts for the important challenges. You're right. In the end, it comes down to picking your battles. There's no hard rule for which battles are worth it. I do my own motorcycle repairs, because I sometimes stray far from the nearest mechanic, and field repairs can be necessary. I also cook a lot, because I have to eat every day and restaurants are expensive. However, I paid someone to rebuild my forks, and I buy pre-made pie shells. Those things are not worth doing myself. My father rebuilds engines in his garage, but won't change the oil on a slush-covered car. He'll pay someone else to do it. I guess it depends on how pleasant the job is to you, how often you need it done, and how much it costs to get it done relative to your own salary. It's a contentious debate. Minimalism is a large umbrella. Some people are aiming to fit everything in a backpack, and others are just trying to watch their consumption. Currently, I use Microsoft ToDo for lists, Google Keep for text notes, and occasionally [Markdown Notes]( http://markdownnotes.com/ ). I've been toying with the idea of rolling my own option for years now. These apps are fairly simple, and being able to manipulate and combine the data as I see fit would be really useful. However, I also need to access my todo list and notes from anywhere, on or offline, across multiple platforms. Dict.cc is excellent for that, if you're translating between German and English. Linguee can also be really good. Many problems lack a Designated Person Who Cares. Everyone has something to do, a task to accomplish. There's never someone whose job is to improve the codebase and the tooling, even when it can benefit the team. I don't think I would quit a company over a more stringent linter. To me, this is the same attitude that leads to safety hazards in other industries. "I don't need safety measures because -I- am not an idiot". Even the smartest developers make dumb mistakes. If you can eliminate some of those early with minimal friction, it's worth it. The earlier you catch a mistake, the cheaper it is. Linter rules are less of a hassle than bugs in production. I'm not sure if that's really true. Club Mate and Fritz Cola are common in Germany, but not so much elsewhere. I document the bureaucratic hurdles I go through, in plain English. It's a collection of everything I wish I knew when I moved to Germany. https://allaboutberlin.com/ I also run a smaller blog where I put solutions to obscure tech problems I ran into. http://wisercoder.com/ This is especially prevalent for simple questions that would normally have simple answers. I'd like to know when to water my mint plant without reading about the whole history of mint. The gadgets listed in the article were meant to have a short shelf life. Though a few still survive, it was never intended. On the other hand, my more generic gadgets simply never die. My projector, my Bluetooth speaker, my headphones... they all do exactly what I bought them for. There might come a time when that's not enough, but that will be decided on my own terms. It won't be because of a dead server or a useless battery life. As you say, tools last a lot longer, because they were designed to fulfill a simple role without any bells and whistles. This is why I don't like the trend of pairing long-lasting tools to short-lived tech. A car or a watch will last a really long time. USB-C and Android 9.0 won't. This article takes many random jabs at various groups. I really don't understand why the author needed to force a men vs women angle into this article. It feels out of place. I also don't like the assumption that only the wealthy benefit from a functioning economy. The "let some people die to save the economy" stance is far from a wealthy people perspective. I heard it from many working class people who are worried about their dependents. The government already has its hand in the food supply with all the farming subsidies it hands out. It can either change the subsidies to match the situation, or get heavily involved into the resource allocation as it has done in wartime. As a good example, European agriculture is currently threatened because there are no foreign workers in the fields. The German government responded by better connecting unemployed workers to local farms, and by changing the rules to allow some foreign workers to come in. That's just a hint of what governments are capable of. It pales in comparison to a war economy. How does it differ from MacOS' excellent screen capture tool? It does what you describe, and also captures videos. This is the part that completely evades me. The economy ground to a halt worldwide, 6 million new unemployment claims are processed every week in the US, established startups are on life support, more and more small businesses are collapsing... ...and the stocks are green. Is there any backing to this claim beyond "it's pleasant to hear"? It reminds me of Operation Barbarossa. Many reconnaissance pilots rang the alarm about the huge buildup of German forces near the Soviet border (in Poland). They weren't only ignored, but threatened. That continued even early into the German attack. German soldiers swam across the river to warn the Soviets. They were shot as enemy agents. You don't prevent a fire by taking the piles out of the smoke detector. If you build a culture where reporting problems is dangerous, you'll only hear good news that can be shared and catastrophic news that can't be ignored. The material required to make N95 masks is in short supply because it is tricky to make. It takes a very long time to set up new machines to make this material. I recall reading 6 months. NPR wrote a good piece about this, if my memory serves me right. I apologise for the lack of sources. It doesn't help that the US tried to make some shady deals with a German company for exclusive access to the vaccine, and allegedly rerouted PPE paid for and headed to Germany. I have actually learned an awful lot from assembling Ikea furniture. Some of those patterns make their way into my own little projects nowadays. This reminds me of an idea I fell in love with: an app can be a home-cooked meal. https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ We can build software that can't scale and won't sell, solely for the enjoyment of those we love. We're not running out of ideas. We're just limiting ourselves to the small subset of problems that are worth solving for money. 2x the userbase overnight? Is this growth hacking? Some problems just aren't that valuable to solve. I use tons of neat little tools like jsondiff.com that just aren't really worth paying for. Monetising those products would make them less pleasant to use, and I'd move to something else. Some things can just remain simple and free, and that's fine. Yes, this is an excellent example. I was also thinking of all those little online tools that solve trivial problems like formatting JSON, decoding URL parameters etc. A world with no losers is impossible when the world and its inhabitants requires maintenance just to keep existing. The characters in Animal Crossing do not tire. They do not go hungry and they do not feel pain. The buildings in the village to not erode, and the in-game items appear out of thin air, without a complex manufacturing process. In the real world, just maintaining your current condition is a constant grind. Real life is a treadmill that never stops. If you're lucky, it just moving a bit slower. Usually, it happens to me when I'm mentally exhausted, or when I do nothing for a long period of time. Here are a few tricks that work for me: * Don't force yourself to get things done. You need rest, not shame. * Get properly bored. Mindlessly consuming content just makes it last longer. * Do something easy and different. I usually run myself a bath or go for a walk. It's enough to get me off the computer and to get ideas flowing again. * Get some rest. Write this evening off, and relax for a bit. The rest will wait. Good writing is a business advantage because it encompasses many other useful business skills. - Writing clearly requires empathy. If you write documentation, you must put yourself in the shoes of your confused users. - Writing requires storytelling skills. Writing something pleasant to read is no small task. - Writing requires social skills. How you write things dictates how well they'll be received. You have to sell your arguments and convince people with very different priorities. Oh and I forgot: * Put a few things back in their place. I don't know why, but it's a surprisingly effective way to get out of a rut. Usually, I end up cleaning the whole flat, even though I hate cleaning. EBay is a terrible website. It has an abysmal user interface that seems to have been built by 100 team with an intense hatred for each other. The feedback system is broken. You can't leave feedback if you opened a case against a seller. Many sellers I had serious problems with had stellar reviews. The resolution system is also pretty bad. If you open a case that gets automatically closed without being solved, you better hope it all happens within 60 days. Thankfully, PayPal is better run. It's anonymized in the sense that you don't know who it will be sold to and what they will do with it. In all seriousness, this is a point GDPR struggles with. It's really hard to properly define what constitutes personal data. It most certainly is. We are trusting a few large companies to moderate acceptable speech on the internet. Is it a good idea to entrust such power to a semi-homogenous group of liberal Americans in the Bay Area? Shouldn't the rest of the planet also have a say in this? Suppose America goes to war with Examplistan. What does that mean for the Examplistanis? Will they get deplatformed as enemy propaganda? Will the internet become a propaganda machine for wherever those large companies are headquartered? What if Google was anti-LGBT? Would we grant it the same moderation powers? Would we be ok with YouTube removing or demonetising videos featuring homosexual displays of affection? I find it crazy that we grant those companies so much power simply because they happen to share some of our views. They also make it much easier to order for a group. Everyone can take turns on the computer and add the food they want. You get a confirmation of what you ordered and a receipt for your taxes, and you don't have to use a phone. You don't even need to speak the local language. Part of my point is that "mainstream social mores" aren't and shouldn't be dictated by a group of companies mainly located within a single American state. There are some things that are normal in parts of the world, but unacceptable in America, and vice-versa. There are also some facts different countries disagree with. Should the mainstream internet adopt the American position by default? Should America's terrorists and freedom fighters be Google and Microsoft's too? A large company that recommends content for a billion users holds significant influence, and that power should not be taken lightly. > Being taken down from YouTube does not equate to being silenced. It does not equate to having your free speech violated, but it does equate to being almost silenced. It's akin to a candidate being excluded from the main political debate. If it's not on the main platforms, it's not on people's feeds. It's not shown by recommendation engines. It's not in Google results. You won't hear about it unless you look for it. We can all agree to censor child pornography, but I feel like we're inching closer and closer to censoring merely controversial opinions. My point is that a small group of American companies get an immense amount of influence over mainstream culture, since they control most of the internet traffic. It's legal, but that doesn't make it a good thing. On the other hand, Google Photos doesn't offer any way to back up your photos to a computer you control anymore. Google Takeout is the only option. Without the benefits you named, I'd argue that you get almost no value out of university. You end up paying a lot of money to teach yourself things. At that point, I'd rather rely on the excellent (free) resources available on the internet. Khan Academy did more for me than my university ever did. I'd just like to remind other readers not to feel pressured to be productive during their downtime. Many of you won't have this much free time until your retirement. It's okay to enjoy it however you see fit. It's not a direct response to this article, but to this general trend of seeing free time as a thing that must be optimised and turned into economic opportunities. Any living thing must somehow get food and shelter, and that requires work. I don't think it's limited to an economic system in particular. It's much more obvious with side projects because there is no one else to blame. You have a complete view of the picture. I find personal projects very humbling. Even with no one stepping on my toes or setting unrealistic requirements, I still make dumb mistakes and write subpar code. > Don't make enterprise software. Don't write unit tests. Don't accept pull requests. Simply write software for yourself and have fun doing it. Forget refactoring code into modules, just fucking code I've found a really nice perspective on this recently: An app can be a home-cooked meal [1] It's okay to build things that aren't popular, that don't scale, or that aren't economically viable, for the delight of a few users. 1: https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ That's a good point. I have nothing to show for my 14 months at [redacted], but I still use the trivial little app I made years ago to redirect my search queries to different sites. It took all of 5 hours to write. Not to mention that losing health insurance coverage wouldn't be a concern. To be frank, I don't care about a 500ms faster site if I spend 15-20 seconds navigating a convoluted GDPR notice, dodging newsletter prompts and looking for a one-line answer in a sea of ads and SEO filler text. I would define essential metrics very differently: - How fast can the users find the answer they are looking for? - What percentage of user interactions benefit the users? - How much information does the website collect about the users? > *eg: once you reached a desirable physical shape, you can switch to 'maintain mode', and focus your energies to something new It should be noted that this does not apply to intimate relationships. They cannot be shelved and picked up again as you see fit. They require consistency. I have made the mistake of putting relationships in maintenance mode, and it did not work so well. Modern times, sure. The United States not so much. If you aren't sure about any other factor, you might want to be born in a society that provides most of its population with the tools they need. Don't blame the regulation, blame everyone who is trying to get you to click the consent button. Cookies are a simple yes/no question, with the default answer being no. If everyone did what's in the users' best interests, it would be a non-issue. This is exactly the spirit of the GDPR. You know your data won't turn up in some completely unrelated place because of a previous business transaction. There is definitely a need for online analytics. Analytics are as important to me as crash reports. * It helps me focus on the content my users need the most, and see what triggers donations. * It helps me catch and diagnose traffic dips, and react to them. * It helps me catch and diagnose unexpected issues. For instance, caching changes broke a component that accounts for 30% of my revenue. It would have stayed broken for a whole month if I didn't see the dip in events. I will replace Google Analytics soon, but even as a tech-savvy person, it's a dreadful task. Google Analytics is free, simple, and incredibly reliable. Setting up your own self-hosted alternative, or paying a monthly fee for an alternative is a lot less desirable. > across the web That part is not necessary. They are mandatory if you collect any form of personal data without legitimate interest. Affiliate marketing is the best way to go. You have full control on how you advertise products. For my website [1], I have build close relationships with local experts. They provide services my readers need, and I know they can be trusted. I get a commission from resulting sales. I like that model because advertisers have zero access to or control over the readers' data. Unfortunately, it's simply not applicable to all websites. - [1] https://allaboutberlin.com/ It would not be easier. It has to be implemented in addition to the consent form. I have a website. If I wanted to support DNT, I'd have to take an hour or two to figure it out. To be honest, it wasn't even on my radar. If you want people to do the right thing, it has to be easy, or it has to pay off. GDPR is incredibly hard, and it's costly. Just knowing what I need to do requires me to wear my lawyer hat. Actually doing it requires me to wear my developer hat, or to pay other people a monthly fee. I will eventually move to another solution, but it has an infinitely lower impact on my users than the problems I help them solve. I will switch this because I swore to do the right thing [1], and because I have a lot of time on my hands. I can't reasonably expect amateur bloggers to do the same. It's an unreasonable burden on people who don't run a website for a living. 1. https://allaboutberlin.com/impressum#content-policy This is called a cascading failure. It's also a problem with the electric grid, and more terrifyingly with global finance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_failure Travel, immigration, entertainment, restaurants etc are severely affected. A lot of people have lost their income, and spend less. There is also some feat that this will exacerbate problems with an already stressed financial system. Banks are massively increasing their cash reserves, and many organisations have a grim outlook on the upcoming months. By default, Apache is rather poorly optimised. MySQL is even worse. WordPress' poor performance is the result of mashing components together without any concern for performance. WordPress itself is not garbage (at least not for those reasons), but WordPress + a bunch of plugins hammered together is a different beast.