When I turned 25 I started getting nothing but hard soda ads from YouTube. I don't drink. I went and disabled personalized advertising, and for the first time in years I started seeing ads that tempted me to click through, ads from tech companies about tech. Why the difference? Because YouTube started showing me ads related to the content I'm actually watching rather than based on their faulty neural network profile of me. Obviously this is just one anecdote, but it's illustrative of the point: don't try to advertise either beer or iPhone covers on a car maintenance site. If I'm on a car maintenance site, you know all you need to know about where my interests are at that exact moment. Why try to hijack my attention (difficult when I'm trying to solve a car problem) when you could instead subtly redirect my attention to an ad for a local mechanic? I'm pretty sure they're referring to the end of Roman slavery. Slavery was the foundation of the Roman economy, which wasn't true of Europe's economy again until the colonial period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe It sounds like that was only useful because the language actually had no Boolean type (hence no operations for Boolean types). It doesn't really demonstrate that there is value to a "falsey" 0 in a language that already has a perfectly good value for false. They're commonly used for collecting metrics, such as performance or traffic data. Google has been factoring load times heavily into their search rankings for a while now. While I don't agree with a lot of their priorities, this gives a designer who's so inclined a lot of opportunity for encouraging clients to do the right thing: just show them their site's PageSpeed results, and they'll sober up. Yes, but only as a very small part of a much larger portrait. Cookies, tracking pixels, and browser fingerprinting are much more reliable, especially given that a lot of ISPs don't even assign most of their customers static IPs. Mine changes about once a week. Your Premium subscription gives them the revenue they would have received from the ad you would've watched, but most creators have found that YouTube's monetization is too little and too unreliable to count on. You're paying YouTube far more than the creator, unless you're paying them directly. Does "if it compiles it's bug free" actually work in practice? I've heard a lot of advocates for Haskell and Rust use similar lines to this, but it seems to me like it can only be true for a limited subset of all bugs. Elm's "no runtime errors in production" claim has a more reasonable-sounding scope. Not OP, but I still think that's acceptable. README.md is one of a very small number of places that open source developers can reach their users. Most of the time I only read it once, so if there's an ad there, or a link to their other products, as long as it's not a GIF and they didn't find some way to embed a tracker in README.md, I'm cool with it. It's about as relevant as advertising gets, and it's not coming from a pool of clickbait ads. It's a developer using their open source work to generate interest in the work that pays for it. Oh, I'm not talking about selling ad space. I agree that what Funded did was misguided at best. But what my parent was responding to was the idea of even putting a little ad for a paid product by the same developer or company. If JetBrains, for example, wanted to remind me on the README for Kotlin that they have an IDE that works well with the language, that doesn't offend me. I wouldn't choose mongo for many reasons, but this licensing change isn't one of them. It's in line with the general spirit of the GPL: if you're going to stand on the shoulders of giants, you should allow others to stand on your shoulders. The only major change to the license is in adapting to the rise of cloud services. https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license... The FAQ for the license change very clearly indicates that your reading is what was intended. Question #4 particularly contains the complete text of the section that was altered, and it's hard to see how they could have left themselves any room to penalize regular users. The assumption here seems to be that all the yard and home space everyone is complaining about is left unused. You may need pubs and coffee shops for socializing in the cities. In the suburbs, people host each other in their homes or yards on a pretty regular basis, at least in my experience. My favorite part of it is the moderators' note at the end: > Moderator's Note > This post is locked to prevent inappropriate edits to its content. The post looks exactly as it is supposed to look - there are no problems with its content. Please do not flag it for our attention. The one context I've seen ML show up as such is when referring to the family as a whole, rather than a specific dialect. I must admit I had the same reaction to this post, and thought that calling it Julia Academy was odd if they were going to teach other languages. To a large extent they already do, albeit unintentionally. We can discuss whether that should be the case in the first place, but Google has been shaping the news industry ever since "Google" became a verb. With that shaping now irreversible, and with shutting down being the only way to stop it from continuing, it certainly seems like the right thing for Google to think seriously about the rewards their engine offers. While Google is definitely prone to abusing their influence, this move seems very reasonable. On the flip side, "code first, then refactor" is only safe if you have tests to confirm the validity of the refactor, and in my experience, a TDD mindset is the only thing that ensures I have thorough tests by the time I need to refactor. That said, it sounds like my version of TDD may be different than a lot of others. The tests I write before coding tend to test real-world logic and requirements, in terms of the domain language, rather than testing implementation. This means I can refactor everything behind that DSL-like facade and my tests give me assurance that I haven't changed the logic. If your tests are at the implementation level, I can see how a TDD approach would impede refactoring and eliminate tinkering. If refactoring the code means rewriting the tests, then your tests aren't protecting you, they're just getting in the way. Not necessarily. Lots of people keep up with changes in their field. People aren't arguing that racism and misogyny are moral, they're arguing that if you allow any censorship at all, then someone must be appointed censor, and you may not agree with that someone. The only way to be sure that your ideas can be freely expressed is to allow everyone, no matter how immoral, to freely express their ideas. I haven't read the book, but I have to challenge the assumption here. That you didn't get anything out of it in an afternoon's sprint through it does not make it "probable" that it's not hiding any deep wisdom. It could mean that, or it could mean that you didn't stop to digest what it was actually saying. And x86 assembler is perfectly capable of expressing pure functions. Such algorithms are still expressed using subroutines, subroutines that save and restore all state to its start state. The question isn't whether a language can express an algorithm, Church and Turing already proved that. The question is whether the language can do so scalably. We want to see nontrivial examples of FP applied to messy, side-effect-laden domains in a way that rivals other representations for clarity and maintainability. I'm not saying that Haskell is as bad at imperative as assembly is at functional, just that being able to accomplish all tasks in a single-paradigm language does not constitute proof that the language is suitable for all tasks. I love FP concepts, and I've enjoyed my experiments with Haskell. What I object to is that FP advocates don't push FP as a valuable addition to a larger toolbox, they push it as a single paradigm to rule them all. For daily work, I prefer a multi-paradigm language that allows me to choose a programming model that matches the domain well. (FWIW, I have the same problem with OOP advocates who try to squeeze everything into a class. Some things are better modeled as pure functions.) I wouldn't go killing important servers if I were you. I'm showing a bill for 950+ hours for a bunch of services that I only have one instance of each. Since that's not possible (there aren't that many hours in a month), and Cost Explorer has the correct numbers, I'm assuming that there's a mistake that's causing double-counting on the billing dashboard. That comes back to the parent's comment about being empowered to fix the issues. The person on call should have power to prevent such calls in the future. This is important for the health of the individual and of the company. Are the people in charge of fixing the underlying issues themselves on call? How about the people producing the changes that cause new issues? If those two groups aren't themselves being woken up when there's a problem, you can reasonably expect that this won't change until the support calls start to directly affect the company's bottom line. This is awesome. I've long felt a nostalgia for the close-knit forums I participated in as a kid. One was a worldwide group centered around an online game (CyberNations), the other was just a group of kids with similar interests in one metro area who met up occasionally. Both were vital for me in coping with feeling like I didn't fit in at all at school. It's great to see that that kind of close, friendly, personal Internet dynamic didn't completely die with Facebook's rise. You're not broken. I've always been the kind of person who's happy to have one to three close friends, and that's it. After getting married, I stopped feeling any need to reach out and try to make new connections. There may be value to the perspectives given by others as to the value of making friends now before the kids grow up, but I just wanted to chime in and reassure you that you're not the only one who feels no need right now. :) That doesn't sound like a very healthy outlook on life. Trading social belonging for productivity is a Faustian deal if I've ever seen one, and a deal likely to lead to burnout and depression. If socializing leaves you ridden with guilt for lost productivity, I'd recommend a paradigm shift. Very interesting numbers. Of those men who indicated that it was difficult to find friends, 26% responded that the reason was that they didn't feel that they needed friends. Only 14% of women responded the same. (Page 43) Others have commented that the gender gap in having no friends is much smaller then the headline implies, and this difference may account for a good chunk of it. Bored and lonely are two very different things. "It's okay to be bored" is about disconnecting from the constant feed of entertainment and information, not about isolating yourself from other human beings. Supports maybe, but doesn't encourage or promote them. The money is in the endless news feed from your 300+ acquaintances, not in quiet, thoughtful conversation between a group of close friends. My wife and I listened to and got a lot out of the Great Course "Scientific Secrets for Raising Kids who Thrive". He cites studies for all his tips, and is very careful about recommending only things that have been thoroughly researched, with replication. https://www.amazon.com/Scientific-Secrets-Raising-Kids-Thriv... The best source I've found for reviewing these is Khan Academy. Their courses are more thorough and accurate than most high schools teach them, and they have all subjects you list. The parent comment doesn't say the non-technical people wrote the scripts, but that they were shown the scripts. Think of it this way: Writing iambic pentameter is hard. Without practice, you're almost certainly going to get the meter wrong at some point. However, reading it is easy, because it's just English. The same can be true for scripts. You don't need to be able to have business people write them, but it's nice (and in some domains critical) to be able to have them read and validate them. >Plus, he said previous studies have shown people don’t spend the money on frivolous things. Serious question that I've had for a while: how can anyone actually say this about money, in any domain? It seems like because money is fungible, it would be useless to try to say where a particular $500 went unless it was the only money the participants spent that month. How does research like this account for that? We actually have one of these, and it's absolutely brilliant. It's been in constant use since my father-in-law was growing up, and yet it still works flawlessly. I've never burnt a piece of toast with it. It's kinda depressing that today our toasters are less useful and stop working 10x sooner. If we all waited until we could universally eliminate an unethical behavior before we stopped participating in it ourselves, the behavior would never die. CVS has chosen to stop contributing to a problem, and the behavior of other businesses has no bearing on whether they did the right thing. This doesn't help the concern from enterprise users that they don't want their self-hosted software to phone home, ever. Not according to the EU: > “Freely given” consent essentially means you have not cornered the data subject into agreeing to you using their data. For one thing, that means you cannot require consent to data processing as a condition of using the service. They need to be able to say no. According to Recital 42, “Consent should not be regarded as freely given if the data subject has no genuine or free choice or is unable to refuse or withdraw consent without detriment.” https://gdpr.eu/gdpr-consent-requirements/ "Not yet" is small comfort. To clarify your clarification, a quote from that issue: > We are not adding Pendo or Snowplow JS snippets to self-hosted versions at this time. We are carefully considering the appropriate opt-out functionality for telemetry that will work best for our customers, and we will clearly communicate to those customers when any change is made. In other words, it's not that self-hosted will not be affected, it's that self-hosted will not be affected yet . That's an important distinction. To clarify: self-hosted EE users will not be affected yet. The issue implies that they will be affected at some point. Can you provide a source or an alternative point of origin for Sparta's importance? You've stated categorically that the parent is misinformed, but provided no information to back it up. I'd argue that the mythology surrounding Thermopylae is the result of the mythology surrounding Sparta, rather than the other way around. Objectively, Thermopylae was an abject defeat (even by Herodotus's account) that didn't do anything to save Greece from Persia conquering basically everything. The only reason it's more than a historical footnote is because of the Spartan legend. Any idea why http://neverssl.com redirects to http://{random_characters}.neverssl.com ? Isn't it more likely that the author chose Facebook, Google, and Twitter not because they're left-leaning, but because their traffic is vastly more significant than The Federalist? The three are all top-50 sites globally. The Federalist doesn't even make it into the top 10k. It's pretty rational to focus more on the sites that have the most traffic when discussing bias, isn't it? The author does: > ... although it can be leveraged against big tech companies that are biased in favor of liberals, this line of argument also has implications that conservatives may less readily welcome. For instance, it means that how rich people use their money to promote their ideas may also be a problem, insofar as it distorts the marketplace of ideas. The principle he's arguing is that when an organization that has a de facto monopoly on a type of information stream (search, microblogging, and social circle media) uses that monopoly to favor one political viewpoint, that is harmful to society because it "distorts the marketplace of ideas" by preventing equal access to said marketplace. The Federalist is not in this position. For every conservative magazine like The Federalist, there's a liberal one like Mother Jones. This is the "marketplace of ideas" that the author refers to in action, not a distortion of it. So the author is, in fact, arguing from principle, just not the principle you're using. The reason why I get fatigued when people bring up race and try to make sweeping national changes is that I see it as counterproductive. Until we stop dividing people into classes based on race these problems are going to persist. Efforts that set out to bring about "racial justice" actually compound the problem by reinforcing the idea that these artificial divisions have any meaning at all. The goal should not be a racially equal country, the goal should be a country where people don't think about race any more. By all means, let's work to lift the poor out of poverty and bring justice to the prison system. But let's do it because they are poor and because it is right, not because of the color of their skin. Like it or not, NL queries are exactly what most internet users want. Without them, any search engine is doomed to remain a niche product used exclusively by the very privacy-conscious. That may have been what search engines were for, but Google changed that. Very few people have the patience any more to try multiple queries to get an answer. When DDG fails, as it inevitably does, I don't spend time refining my query: I repeat the search on Google and get my answer. In the original Twitter thread, Google stole ownership of a pre-existing side project when the maintainer filed for approval. That's evil. It may not have been a personal evil, but bureaucratic evil is very real. Can you clarify what your line of work is? As it stands I'm unclear on why an HTML document can't represent "cases ... laid out in a very specific order from beginning to end". You don't need to use links or other functionality just because it's there. For the most part I agree, but there are times where a framework can teach a valuable pattern that, even if you don't end up using it, expands your view of what's possible. Vue helped me understand events a lot better than I did before, and Redux is good to try at least once simply because it's such a different way of thinking about state mutation compared to what you'd usually come up with using just native code. OP isn't trying to win a competition, it sounds like they're trying to learn to be a better developer. I know way too many devs (and have been one myself) who can use a batteries-included system until something goes wrong, but because they have no idea how such a system is constructed they can't debug it, or they don't understand why something isn't performing well. It goes with the adage that every developer should implement a linked list exactly once—you should use the standard library from then on, but if you don't understand what's going on under the hood, you'll misuse it eventually. If true, this is sad and worrying, but be careful with the Wikipedia page: almost every source in that section is the work of one man, which doesn't convey a consensus at all. The funny thing is that my experience has been that the static topics are just as bad or worse for students. For my Newtonian Physics class, the textbook we were using was on its 14th edition and cost more than $100 new. I was fortunate that my professor asked us to use the 13th at the latest, and gave the mappings to the 12th edition problems (because the only difference between 12th and 13th was which order the problems were in). This for a subject that's been essentially the same for centuries. Meanwhile my Computer Science classes all had $40 textbooks that were in at most the 2nd edition. Out of curiosity, what do you need out of a clipboard manager that Ditto (Windows) or CopyQ (cross-platform) don't offer? That's not always true. After my dad didn't get tenure, he went to try to work elsewhere but kept getting told he was overqualified. He eventually found a job that didn't care, but the PhD actually did act as a barrier to employment for a while. The problem I've seen is that (especially in suburbs where pedestrians are rarer) drivers don't check for pedestrians. Almost every time I'm walking for any length of time I nearly get hit by a car that assumes that a green light means they're free to turn right without any restrictions. This isn't me intentionally creating an unsafe situation (often I'm already in the intersection), it's drivers who see so few pedestrians they're not trained to think of them. In fact, a happy, stable family with good work-life balance describes the textual Ithaca much better than founding a company does. I think most people would say "yes" if asked "are domain knowledge and long-term vision important?" But I don't believe most people would answer "domain knowledge and vision" if asked "what is important in a senior engineer?" For a lot of years, my answer to the latter question would have centered on technological knowledge, even though if prompted I would have acknowledged the importance of domain knowledge and vision. The distinction is significant because we will only be working on those skills that we independently identify as important. A request: please don't put quotes in code blocks. It makes them completely unreadable on mobile. I've never had it happen to me personally, but there have been a number of times where I've been saved by reviews. My policy has been to read the negative reviews for every product (not just look at the overall star rating), and if there's even a hint of counterfeiting in any of them to move on to something else. It's a pain, but so far it's worked, and every time I'm looking for things I see more horror stories: "Huggies" diapers that have no branding on them and break all the time, electronics sold as new that would be considered in poor quality if sold as used, etc. Latin was dead long before it stopped being used in written works. It died when it stopped being spoken and stopped changing. I don't know if Fortran would be considered dead by the "no longer adapting" definition, but that it's still in use isn't proof it's alive. Early self-check kiosks did this very poorly. It was super frustrating as a customer to be constantly asked to "please place the item in the bagging area", even when I already had, not to mention the hassle it caused when buying something you don't want to bag. Eventually I'm assuming they gave up on that and turned it off. It's already expired, so no danger at all. Well, in my ideal world a browser would ask for permission before placing a cookie at all. It shouldn't matter what the developers did, my browser would detect an attempted cookie placement, notify me, and ask to verify that that's okay. I don't think that you can compensate for everything else by paying more. I'm with the GP in that I have a minimum requirement for pay. After that, culture, flexibility, and hands-off management matter far more. You couldn't pay me enough to work in a toxic culture. I've been there, and no amount of money is worth it to me. The problem with the example of getting a 20% payout is that there are diminishing returns on each additional dollar. Most software developers make far more than a living wage. After that threshold is met, most people have a lot of other things that matter more to them. For example, for me, I work to support my family. Pretty much any software job in my area will be able to do that for me, so the bigger consideration in choosing is which jobs will actually allow me to spend quality time with my family (since that's the entire reason why I go to work). No amount of additional pay could persuade me to work 60 hours a week or work in an environment that leaves me drained by the end of the day. I've been using Firefox for years and never run into any consistent pattern of things not working, except in cases where applications intentionally do not support Firefox and push me over to Chrome. Those I blame less on Firefox than on companies wanting to eliminate a customer support variable. For me, uBlock origin is the only thing that makes browsing the web even remotely okay on mobile. Its ability to block large images is a complete game changer for me. Maybe it's because I've got an "old" phone (4 years ish), but Chrome's insisting that I must download everything a website throws at my made it extremely difficult to use comfortably. As soon as I found out Firefox had extensions on mobile, I switched both my desktop and mobile browsers, and it's been great. Fevers cause fewer preterm births? Can you explain how that works? We can expect developers to think about accessibility during development. You would never see a building constructed today without a ramp or with insufficient handicapped parking. I realize that you can't change culture overnight either, but the fact is that technology like this, designed for use in large applications used by a huge portion of the population of the world, shouldn't need to be retrofitted to be accessible. It should have been baked in. The article isn't advocating having everyone try to be an expert in everything, see his conclusion below. The article was prompted by an interaction with a company which didn't want to spend time improving their front end because they felt that front-end work was beneath them. The article is basically saying to change that attitude: > To be clear, I’m not saying that we all need to be experts in everything. That would be impossible. Today’s technology stack goes down a long way, so being a genuinely balanced full-stack dev is probably not the most realistic of goals — but staying open-minded is. I'll use Google Assistant on my phone pretty much only when driving. Other than that, I've customized my home screen to the point that it's faster just to navigate to what I need. Section 1.89 in the Exposure Draft clarifies this, I think: > 1.89 In the case of a social media service such as Facebook, this rule deals with the situation where the news business has posted its covered news content on the news business’ own social media page. Comments on the news business’ articles posted by somebody else on another Facebook page are not covered by this law. If I read this right, they don't need a way to filter comments on a link to their article that someone else posts, just comments underneath one of their own posts. Still not great, but less intrusive than that text you quoted seemed to imply (I couldn't find in that exact wording in your link). The problem with this approach is that it continues to drives traffic to exaggerated headlines, which merely encourages this same kind of headline in the future. Does anyone know if there are news sources out there that don't have exaggerated, doom- and anger-filled headlines? If they're there, I'd love to drive traffic to them. It depends on the use case. For something like a web storefront, this is probably true. For a web application where I spend a long time doing work, I'd rather have a bit of a wait upfront followed by snappy responses on all the other pages. Even a half-second load time can be frustrating when I'm in the middle of a task. Most SPA frameworks work fine with the back button and bookmarks--they'll either use the URL fragment (#) or the history API. I'm sure there are lots of developers who don't bother to turn on that functionality, but that's not an inherent flaw with SPAs. (For the record, I don't think that every app that is an SPA should be, but I do think that they have a place.) This happened to me with Google's search suggestions the other day and I didn't even say anything out loud. Should I consider that as evidence that Google has developed mind reading technology, or is it more likely that I just ignore search suggestions unless they're eerily relevant? The problem lies in your last point. Any PHP+Apache app, no matter how bad the programming practices, has the property that every request gets a blank slate except for explicit database connection. In most other stacks it is way too easy to add a singleton class or a global variable and break that guarantee. That said, I'll gladly take the guarantees of a type checker in exchange for giving up the guarantees of statelessness. It would be nice if there were a stack that could give me both. If what you mean by "on average" is that that is what most people calling themselves software engineers do, that may be true. But framework knowledge is to software engineering what knowledge of tools is to civil engineering. If you're building a dog house or even a shed, that'll be plenty. But I've seen developers try to take a knowledge of framework alone and attempt to build large-scale, business-critical applications, and they tend to come crashing down around their heads. Absolutely yes. I don't think that raw computer science is what most software engineers need. But it's also a lot more than framework knowledge. What is missing in most developers' educations is the actual engineering. If civil engineering is applied physics, then our discipline is applied computer science. A physicist might be a terrible civil engineer. Plenty of computer scientists are terrible software engineers. But that no more means we need to neglect the computer science then it means that civil engineers should neglect physics. Someone brought that up the last time this came up on HN. In the explanatory materials, they clarified that (ii) is indeed meant to restrict this to posts on their own Facebook page: > 1.89 In the case of a social media service such as Facebook, this rule deals with the situation where the news business has posted its covered news content on the news business’ own social media page. Comments on the news business’ articles posted by somebody else on another Facebook page are not covered by this law. https://www.accc.gov.au/system/files/Exposure%20Draft%20EM%2... I got set up with ECR without any difficulties whatsoever. You do have to authenticate before pulls and pushes, but that can be scripted very easily. The scam here relies on someone having compromised the network of the company sending the instructions. In that situation, wouldn't you have to assume the intruder found the secret key? I'm not saying that cryptography wouldn't help in general, or that it's not incredibly stupid that we're not using it. What I'm saying is you can't just slap crypto on this particular scam to make it go away. These people have insider access to the machines that would likely be used to sign the email. If that is the threat model, it's a mistake to trust anything not delivered in person, signed or not. "Take me to..." as I'm buckling up in the car has been very helpful. Then I'll use it to send an "on my way" text. I took a class in college on voice interface design, and the professor named this as the biggest hurdle that's yet to be overcome. Screens and keyboards are the computer's domain, and we're comfortable adapting to them. But speech is our domain, and we expect the computer to adapt to us. The problem is that the tech isn't quite there for real understanding of language. The patent office has largely stopped granting software patents, from what I've gathered, or they're at least being more careful. So we're just waiting for the existing ones to expire. I store my bread in the fridge and never heat it up. I just make a sandwich and eat it as is. Every article that I have seen on HN about remote work (including this one) has had people strongly expressing opinions that cover the full spectrum, from "remote is awful" to "it really depends" to "remote is a lifesaver". Far from being a bubble, I've learned a lot about what the pros and cons are for different types of people. Your comment was previously near the top because newer comments always start near the top. It's gone down because it has failed to attract enough upvotes and newer comments have taken its place. It doesn't take a moderator shadowban for a negative comment to lose ground on HN. The speakers don't have the hardware needed to run speech recognition and (realistic) text to speech, so no. This is the reason why I'm interested in Mycroft—with just a bit more hardware it actually can do a pretty okay job offline, though the TTS is very robotic. Dafny attempts to do something like this for imperative-style languages, using pre- and post-conditions: https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny It seems like it has the potential to serve just about everyone but the site hosting the data. For example, recipe sites are overwhelmed with pages and pages of generally poorly written and uninteresting background information designed to make you see as many ads as possible. However, many recipe sites added metadata with complete recipe contents, free of fluff. Sure, Google uses that to read off recipes from the Home, but there's also a python module that does the same and could be linked into a custom recipe book. In these cases, everyone but the content producer is better off for not having to wade through junk content to find what you're looking for. It's not perfect, but TypeScript goes a long way toward making frontend feel as safe as backend. You still have the potential for weird bugs when interacting with external JavaScript, but your internal code is pretty safe. Also, TypeScript's type system is impressively flexible, and I often find myself missing features (like unions) when working with other languages. Yes, this. Sum types in most languages are approximated by something like kotlin's sealed classes. Sometimes you don't want to declare a whole new class hierarchy, you just want to say "this function can either return this or this". The question is, why is the link to telegram's homepage? It's not down, and has 0 information on what is happening. Please avoid prescribing best practices without understanding the architecture OP is working with. First, you don't actually know that using SQLite would make the OP's app stateful—if datasette is set up in immutable mode, then the .db files are no more indicative of a stateful process than a static CSV or a JSON or YAML config. Second, not every app needs to be a 12 factor app, and you're not in a position to understand the trade-offs OP is dealing with. "Best practices" rarely are best in every circumstance, and often conflict. Lambda is far from archaic. I call them lambdas all the time. Python explicitly uses lambda as the keyword. Java, C++ and Kotlin all use "lambda" to describe closures in the official docs. Rust uses both closure and lambda. All of these languages except python either are new (Rust, Kotlin) or have had lambdas added in the last ten years.