I suppose there's a lot we wouldn't do if we apply cold hearted logical reasons. Sometimes it's nice to not apply cold hearted logical reasons (even though I do see your point). That said, one 'cold' reason could be being able to write a post about it that puts the writer and 37 signals in a good light. Another could be for the author to just want to feel better about herself, because she helped someone else and/or because she constructed a nice story (and we humans like stories)... This is amazing, and a bit scary... While I would not bet money on it, it might be possible that the NSA has dirt on these companies, or on their high-ranking employees, keeping them from taking a stand. I think it depends. I'm inclined to agree with Linus' approach, but I'll just argue that sometimes "abuse, swearing and provoking people" is the best approach. Some of the best lessons I learned was being chewed out by a manager. The magnitude of my stupidity or fuck-up would simply not have sunken in even if this manager had been factual and direct, without chewing me out. The same goes for my youth. I remember some lessons mostly because they involved my father yelling at me. I recall very few lessons where he sat me down and provided a detailed, factual argument of why I was being a dumb-ass. I don't get the impression that, in growing up, our ability to assess magnitudes of failure by factual analysis of the situation has improved enough to render 'chewing-out' pointless. I'm considering a similar thing. Do you know of any resources on do's and don'ts when setting something like that up? Could you show some evidence that previous generations were more mobile? I'm not disputing it, but I'm inclined to think we're not much more or less mobile than previous generations... I can confirm that I have lots of friends that 'just want to go somewhere' and base their decision on different whims. Anecdotal evidence, but still. Compliments on the thing as a whole, but one thing stuck out to me (negatively). When I read about 'tablets' and 'interaction' and saw the screenshot of how interfaces haven't changed much, I got rather excited about the idea of a word processor that truly tried to change the way we 'process words' on touch devices. Instead, it seems you've mostly focused on the stuff surrounding word processing. Which is a noble goal, but not what I was hoping/wishing for. I'd like to see someone reinvent the word processor, or update it for touch interfaces. In the same way that the mouse greatly changed the way we work on 'normal' computers, surely touch should give us similar new advantages. I've been following a number of projects that try to do this, but they are hyper-focused on just that text-input part. I'd love to see the best ideas from those experiments find their way into Quip. (This is just a general observation, not an attack on Quip. I can understand that you have chosen a specific focus that doesn't happen to be what I care about.) David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on the importance of boredom. I'm on a mobile so I can't provide links, but google that! One of my favorites is the German title for 'Die Hard', which is 'Stirb Langsam'. The literal translation of this is 'die slowly'... I'd nuance this by saying that often it's more important to just set some kind of goal than to know what you want. Very often, the whole point of a gap year is to figure out "what you're going to do" and figure out "what you want to get out of it." In those cases, a gap year is better than just plowing ahead with whatever you're doing (and don't want to do). The following quote from The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (by Haruki Murakami) pretty much expresses how I see this: "€œFor the time being, there is no need for either of us to be here. And if that is the case, I feel, it would be better for us not to be here." I mostly disagree with those who say that you need a plan or purpose for a gap year to be useful. Mostly, because I do think some kind of plan or purpose, however vague, is good, just to provide you with initial and general direction. A gap year is often exactly the kind of thing that can give you a long-term plan and a purpose, so waiting on these things before you take a year off can be counter-productive. I used to do a lot of hitchhiking for fun. When I went hitchhiking with absolutely no plan, I wasn't always happy with the aimless results. But when I'd set some initial goal, a random city or country, the result was wonderful. Very often I wouldn't arrive at this initial destination, but see many others instead. If a gap year is not going to negatively impact you, I see no reason why you wouldn't do it. Even without a plan other than partying! Indeed! I have some journalist friends who, as a group, spent months just to write one piece of investigative journalism. Another journalist friend once managed to work on something like that on his own, but only through crowdfunding. Good journalism is expensive! Indeed! I did a minor in journalism in the hopes of perhaps going in that direction professionally, only to realize that my idea of journalism was nothing like reality. We spent a significant portion of the classes just learning how to write news items. The teacher then told us that what we were doing one day a week for six months is what full-time journalism students spend an entire year doing, and that this is much of what they'll be doing once they enter the job market. She specifically advised those of us interested in being journalists to just get really good in our academic field, and move into journalism as 'specialists' from there. Ah, yeah. I do agree with that. A gap year with some kind of plan is (usually) preferable over just a gap year, but just a gap year is still better than staying on automatic pilot. Wow, even with what it can do now I can imagine using it for AR/VR games of laser tag or paint ball. The only thing missing would be feedback on your body for hits you've taking. At the right price, this might even turn out to be cheaper than proper paintball arena's. You can charge more, and there's no cleanup involved. You could even host these 'games' in real-world environments (with permission or otherwise). Imagine hosting counter-strike style games in empty buildings! That's pretty trivial to do with nginx though, isn't it? I have a server that can run php on certain subdomains AND folders, node.js on others and I suppose ruby would be pretty easy too. In fact, on one domain nginx sends part of the traffice /static/ directly to that actual directory, and anything else gets picked up by node.js. Or is what I'm doing really stupid? I'm not currently running anything significant on my servers, and this is not my primary domain of interest, so I've never checked how risky my setup is. Maybe you could tell me if that's the case? Hmm, does that matter if the company itself is in the U.S? I got offered a bike almost every night out in Amsterdam. I've had friends just pick up a bike instead of getting a taxi... 'COULD' is a complicated concept. It's something I struggle with too, when I watch movies like 'City of God', where mostly I ask myself 'why the hell don't these kids leave the city. or the country.' Or The Wire where a kid who 'got out' decides to come back. There are many factors that play a role in the options we have, and the strongest factors have nothing to do with what's objectively best. Psychologically speaking, it's a bit dangerous (and too easy) to say that poor people should just stop living their poor lifestyles and leave their poor friends and poor family for a world totally unknown to them. This is also true for addicts, or homeless people. I've come to know quite a few of both, and if anything I've started to respect the difficulty of their situation. Being able to reason about such things the way you do is, in itself, a privilege. I don't understand what you're trying to say. Could you elaborate? I respect your choice, but I think it's unfair in this case specifically (but in many other cases too) to say it's about 'pretty' and 'better advertising'. I read a lot on my mac, and I love the lack of scrollbar. It's one less 'element' on my reading experience (similar to almost all ebook readers not having chrome, like scrollbars and page numbers, or hiding chrome unless specifically requested). And because of how integral and 'decent' using the touchpad is (two finger scroll), I automatically scroll briefly to show the scrollbar in those few instances where I care about what position on the page I'm at. Of course, that's just one example, but I know many others who feel similarly. 'Apple knows best' doesn't just mean marketing and pretty, it often means decent choices that are good for a large percentage of people, and yes, you have to accept that. I find apple does do a lot of stuff that doesn't work for me. Even the lack scroll bars I rather hate when I use Finder (and don't get me started on that!). I use an android phone for that very reason. I don't always like the choices that apple makes for me, and I might reach a point where I opt out completely. I'm just saying that in this case I think apple made a risky but decent choice, that wasn't just about 'pretty' or 'marketing'. This reminds me of my experiences learning programming and web development. For a while I used Drupal for everything, because it allowed me to 'program without programming'. The views module (now in core drupal, or slated to be, I think), is essentially a visual query builder. What I discovered after a while, was that there was a tiny sweet spot where it was nice to do complicated things without writing code, but that it had huge drawbacks. Queries became ridiculous, for one. And very soon, the stuff I'd build using the Views module was 'complicated' enough conceptually that a normal SQL query would not only be much faster, but easier and quicker to write. The fact that this query could be version-controlled and didn't live in a database was nice too... Maybe i should've used the term 'advantage' then. I simply wanted to point out that the ability to choose/reason is in itself very much something you 'inherit', rather than some innate skill that we all have equally. I would agree. Even though I feel that I will probably be happier in the long run with a partner, I find myself quite happy to be alone much, of not most of the time. I could see myself living in the woods and traveling to a nearby town or city ever few weeks or so to 'dip my toes' in social activity, or to have friends visit me as a form of 'retreat'. The main thing that I miss, I've noticed, is (intellectual) input . And being online can satisfy much of that need (though not all). What I don't miss, is social interaction for the sake of it. I'd miss sex though, if I were to do this without a partner. Heh, very recognizable. I do think you will acclimatize to being alone over time, and it gets easier and perhaps almost back to 'before'. But I also agree that once you've had a taste of good partnership, it changes your perspective permanently, and you don't want to settle for 'before'. I find that the biggest effect of being alone for long periods of time is that my mind starts obsessing over weird things if I don't direct it to specific 'problems' to solve. It's like I need to exert more control when there are no friends around to 'center' my thought processes. I think a big problem lies in the individualist approach combined with a reserved attitude toward others. When you start a 'new life' in a new place where you cannot rely on massive amounts of free time, or structured 'community' (university, high school, church), you have to find shortcuts to making 'significant' connections. I've done okay on that front, having moved to a completely new place very often in my life. I find that one of the secrets is being extra honest, and extra open, instead of waiting for 'organic' moments of connection. These moments happen if you have loads of time to spend with people. If you don't have the time, too much can happen to get in the way of making such a connection before it is too late. I rather like this quote in the context. Can't remember who wrote it: "We waste so much energy trying to cover up who we are when beneath every attitude is the want to be loved, and beneath every anger is a wound to be healed and beneath every sadness is the fear that there will not be enough time. When we hesitate in being direct, we unknowingly slip something on, some added layer of protection that keeps us from feeling the world, and often that thin covering is the beginning of a loneliness which, if not put down, diminishes our chances of joy. It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real. Our challenge each day is not to get dressed to face the world but to unglove ourselves so that the doorknob feels cold and the car handle feels wet and the kiss goodbye feels like the lips of another being, soft and unrepeatable." So it goes! I don't know why it surprises me, but a sizable portion of the expats here in Berlin originally came for a guy/girl. Agreed. I love Quora's newsletter, I like a lot of what they do, but I don't like their approach. It's enough to make me avoid them as much as possible. I'm sorry, but I don't really understand what point you are making. For some people traveling is not hard. For some people traveling is hard. But even for those traveling might be well worth the difficulties. Many good things are hard. Now, personally I would argue people who say traveling isn't hard are wrong. I've traveled a lot, lived in a few quite different countries, and much as it's incredibly natural to me, it's often proven to be hard, much harder than staying in one place, in the culture most common to me... Indeed. I find myself become ever more aware of how even when I think I'm not comparing myself to some norm, I subconsciously am doing this anyways. I find that meeting people wildly different from myself in lifestyle or perspective really helps. Traveling to 'foreign' cultures too. I'd say of all those three number 2 is the most common reason why people don't 'follow their dream', but I don't think it's the main reason. The main reason, I think, is that it's just real hard to wander off the beaten path. I suspect the primary problem is those first steps and then keeping at it for a while. We are taught from very early on, especially if our parents were 'normal' middle-class people, to do the 'normal' thing. But based on my interactions with people who 'do their own thing', it seems quite feasible, and often a good recipe for happiness, and not so hard to keep up once you've done it for a while. I would like to add the following: 1. Most people are alright, but avoid the few who aren't like the plague. I've always had the fortune to not lose my trust in people, but I've found that it took me a significant time in my twenties to learn how to filter out the bad people (perhaps because of this). Especially bad partners. The converse can also be true. I know people who seem to have based their entire outlook on a few shitty people in their lives (sadly, parents are often the culprits), and miss out on connections, and opportunities, because they assume the worst. Finding a balance in this regard, I believe, has been one of the things that most increased my general quality of life, and (moderate) success. 2. Lots of people are lonely Perhaps this mostly applicable to post-college life, but I've been shocked to find out how many people around me feel isolated and lonely. Knowing this, however, helped in gaining the courage to approach others, knowing that they are just as willing to make new friends as I am. > 10. People = Sh#t. This is just me as I’m quite the (cartoon) nihilist, but please respect peoples boundaries because some people like to be left alone, don’t encroach on others personal space. Could you expand on this? I like to think I'm good at respecting boundaries, but at the same time I generally operate outside of what most people consider 'boundaries' precisely because my experience is that people like this. Obviously, this should be done with care, and I think I am careful, but I'd love to hear what you find typical of people crossing your boundaries. Good to hear you're working on it. I can have a tendency to be elitist and see myself as smarter or better than others. I can also get annoyed and frustrated easily. I try to turn that 'off' as much as possible, because it doesn't work. I would add though, that 'figuring people out' is not the most important thing. I've wasted many hours in my twenties in attempting to do this, but what works best, in my opinion, is to just be as transparent, direct, and uncomplicated as possible, combined with an assumption that the other means well, and kindness. Avoid drama. Some of the most popular/liked people I know, interestingly, are not always nice. More important, it seems, is that they are consistent . You know what you get, and you can either take it or leave it. Not sure if I'm agreeing or disagreeing with you, but I'd say this is exactly why programmers will do fine for a long time to come. What we do, assuming we're not cranking out wordpress sites with existing templates, is solve problems . And so when we find ways to automate particular common scenarios for, say, certain types of websites (which I suppose Rails and the many CMS' do), we have probably already moved on because we were bored cranking out these things in favor of solving problems. Contrast that with the auto industry. Car building may be hard, but much of the job loss in this industry consisted of work that was easily automated, and not solving problems. Furthermore, part of this 'problem solving', in my experience, involves a lot of interaction with other people. This is not easily replaced by outsourcing to skilled programmers who are 1) non-native culturally and linguistically, and 2) far away. In a way, we are better compared to plumbers or mechanics, 'full-stack problem solvers'. I do not disagree with you entirely, but I think what nuances the statement that 'programming is hard' is that this doesn't mean that other jobs aren't hard in other ways. I believe programming does require above-average critical/logical thinking and continuous learning. On the other hand, it often requires less social thinking or management. I have no problem saying that I'm a better programmer because most people are just sloppy and not as inherently curious and inclined to love clear, discrete problems and solving them. It doesn't make me arrogant, because I have huge amounts of respect for (some of) the project managers above me who have to deal with complicated schedules, higher-ups fucking up their shit, and managing prissy developers, designers, and whatnots who suck at communicating and collaborating. Ha, then I'm safe. I equally dislike the situations you describe, so I do not subject others to it either. I used to agree with your view, and unapologetically, err, apologize for apples choices anyways. Then I switched to the Nexus 4, and I changed my mind slightly. On the one hand I love the thing. It can do lots of stuff that I like that I couldn't do on my iPhone, even after jailbreaking. But on the other hand, many of the common tasks leave me with irritations that I didn't have with the iPhone. UI inconsistencies, unintuitive interfaces, weird crashes, and generally stuff that made me miss my less-powerful iPhone. Now, as a geek and a power user I am inclined to still prefer the Nexus, but only barely. But for my day to day stuff I'd switch back to an iPhone in a heartbeat. So, I think saying it's all just fashion is not completely true. It is also about tech. And among most of my friends status has little to do with it (if anything, having an iPhone is boring over here in hipster land, and you're cooler with a fridge-sized Nokia that can only store 20 text messages). The way I see it, one doesn't need to actively travel constantly to be traveling. When I was dealing with a difficult project, I just stayed at one particular hostel for two months, and settled into a routine. It was an odd one, of course, but it still became a routine, and I could finish the project. I'm assuming there's an event for when the audio is loaded... maybe hook up the animation to that? Yup. I'm currently relatively stable in Berlin, but I've been doing the same thing. One thing I try to do ASAP, if the city is accommodating, is get a bike. It's one of the best ways to get around and discover new things in the process. Also gives you a lot of freedom to adjust plans on the fly. I suppose this also depends on what you consider 'default'. Who says the default should be to stay in one place for decades? Leaving and staying each have advantages and disadvantages, but as far as I can tell neither has proven to be generally the 'best' option. In fact, my experience is that those who do move around generally seem to lead a happier and fulfilling life, but that's just my experience perhaps. My point is that staying behind for 'stability' could be equally selfish. Uprooting your life in itself is not selfish, however the way you do this could make is to. If this is the talk I think it is, I can say it helped me greatly as a programmer. I'm one of those 'homegrown' programmers with no formal education, and I'd probably horrify some of you with my work. But I'm learning, and very aware of my deficiencies. What I loved about this talk is that it seemed more a 'philosophy of programming' thing, where a lot of what he said applied even to my shitty programming, and (hopefully) even improved it. Indeed. I think this has a lot to do with 'fluff'. More modern games have a lot of fluff to make the difficulty increase less abrupt and, of course, because we demand it. There are a few games, even relatively new ones, that don't have much 'fluff'. They're often considered very difficult, but because they're so lean and well-designed, they don't generally feel unfair. These games remind me of what I used to play growing up, and they often offer much more satisfaction in a shorter time-span. A good, new-ish example of this is Ninja Gaiden for the Xbox, which at times feels overwhelmingly difficult, and yet after playing for a while you notice improvement. It rarely feels truly unfair, and I find it more enjoyable than 'fluffier' games. Other examples would be games like Ikaruga, F-Zero. It probably doesn't have many players anymore, but my favorite mod was Thievery UT. I've played some rounds that were, no hyperbole, the most fun I've ever had playing games. One of the guys involved was actually working on Splinter Cell and I'm pretty sure much of what we were experimenting with has, in some ways, influenced that game. And two of the guys ended up doing games full-time for Valve after working on Alien Swarm, and now Left 4 Dead. If only they'd do a new version of Thievery! Back to their roots... Well, what about fun ? Both for games and television I'd argue that they're fine in moderation, and that it depends on what particular game or film/show. The Wire? Awesome and very educational. Planescape Torment (or other RPG's)? Better, in some ways, than a great book. Also, chess is a game too, so really just a subset of 'games'. I don't really see what you're trying to point out with that comparison. Haha, yeah, that's pretty much the single most useful thing I learned. I'm doubtful. My little sister describes and has the same problems I encountered. Sometimes it's not expressed in the same way, for example the facebook stalking and bullying, but on average it seems like her experience isn't less shitty than mine was. EDIT: To clarify, it's not just based on my sister, but what I just said was anecdotal. I didn't mean to argue your point, but rather I'd like to hear why you think it is the case, when my experience has been different. > 1. iOS is not good at multi-tasking which is bread and butter for desktop. Look what happened to Windows 8 which tried to forced full screen apps on 24" monitors all the time. Most non-techie people I know barely multitask. And that includes people who really would benefit from it ('high-powered executives' come to mind). 2. Phone/pads still don't have necessary RAM to run desktop class applications. Can you imagine running full strength Photoshop on iPad yet? True, but for a huge amount of people that is not such an issue. The same people that barely multitask are also the ones that mostly use Office and a browser, and they usually only use the most basic office features. 3. Phone/Pads are still far behind in providing large cheap storage compared to similarly priced devices. Same situation. A large amount of users that I know don't need massive storage. Music is probably the biggest storage need, and even for that many have stopped bothering the whole itunes-syncing thing and just use spotify similar services. Case in point: my father is pretty tech-savvy. And yet, over the past years he's started doing more and more work on his iPad, and less and less on his MacBook. Most of what he does it writing, browsing, watching videos and email. And my mother recently 'donated' her laptop to my younger sister and does almost all she needs on her phone. My brother recently started traveling and if I hadn't given him my old MacBook Air, he'd probably settle for an iPad. And this is not just my family. I keep meeting more and more people who do this. Journalists going iPad-only, for example. And it makes sense. A shocking number of fellow students, highly educated people who should benefit greatly from multitasking and whatnot, barely understood the filesystem, and often worked at the library on shitty computers where they fullscreened every app. They are not even aware of the 'power' that we power users utilize. None of this invalidates your points. There are many people who need fully-featured operating systems. I'm merely pointing out that there's a huge market that can already get by on just an iPad (plus keyboard), and Apple is already mostly targeting this market. Convergence is pretty much possible already, and it wouldn't take much to make it entirely practical and workable for a huge amount of people. This reminds me of the 'Bullshit Jobs' article by David Graeber. While I don't know how much I agree with the article, it does touch on your pet peeve: > Yet it is the peculiar genius of our society that its rulers have figured out a way, as in the case of the fish-fryers, to ensure that rage is directed precisely against those who actually do get to do meaningful work. For instance: in our society, there seems a general rule that, the more obviously one’s work benefits other people, the less one is likely to be paid for it. source: http://www.strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ Well, I'd argue that if people recognize it as something that is happening, you need to provide some evidence that they are wrong. Why would they 'lie' about this? My personal experience is that this video is quite accurate. I'm both fascinated and annoyed to an increasing degree to constantly see everyone around me either 'not present' because they're busy with their phone, or 'half-present' because they're putting the phone between them and their experience (taking photos, recording video, etc.). I'm relatively lucky that I'm in the age bracket that is sort of between these things, where many of my close friends have 'dumb' phones and less of the incessant need to record everything for posterity. But it still bothers me when, at least four times in a two-hour span, one particular friend of mine checks his phone and interrupts a conversation to answer a text message that is not time-sensitive. I don't really see the point, and it breaks up something nice. It's even worse when I observe my sixteen year-old sister. She's constantly 'whatsapping' with friends, chatting on facebook, playing games on her iphone. My mother worries because she spends so much time doing homework, and she gets stressed out as well, but somehow nobody realizes that it's the constant interruption of meaningless chatter that probably slows her down significantly. I can only imagine what the situation is like for her at school. I'm thinking that perhaps the temporary (but lengthy) period in which the iPhone was the most popular phone was, for the most part, an aberration. Apple generally just does it's thing where it doesn't go for the largest market share, but because they were unusually innovative/lucky with the iPhone, they had a period of popularity. The fact that the iPhone 5C isn't the cheap phone we expected seems to confirm this. It seems quite possible that things are 'normalizing' again, and Apple will end up comfortably occupying a big chunk of the high-end space. Maybe they're trying to come up with another killer product category to dominate in, but I wouldn't be surprised if internally this isn't and hasn't ever been their goal. Now, investors might feel different, of course, and I find that interesting to observe. Here in Berlin that's what it's like as well. We have a big lunch, at least those of us who work in an office. Yeah, this has been a big thing in Holland over the years, where they actually remove traffic signs and separation between roads and bike lanes (merging them into one wider street) precisely because it turned out to be safer. It makes complete sense: when rules are based on other people's behavior rather than mindlessly following rules (that others might not, for various reasons), everyone watches out more. Edit: to be clear, as a cyclist, roundabouts (and zebra crossings, for that matter) scare the hell out of me precisely because the rules are less explicit, and one dumb driver who doesn't stop for me might cost me my life. But I still prefer a roundabout that results in me being overly cautious, to traffic lights that I and my fellow commuters mindlessly follow where there is still the same risk of a dumb or distracted driver going through red. I'm probably safer off with roundabouts. Hmm. I think much of Microsoft's success has more to do with the fact that Apple's emphasis on simplicity in design, ease of use, and computer-as-a-lifestyle-product has only recently started paying off, as computers have become more mainstream and provide 'lifestyle value'. I remember growing up a really shoddy looking computer in the house, but nobody cared or wanted better because it was in my dad's office and mostly used for work (and only occasionally for a game or two). So true. I'm extremely sensitive to my surroundings, so I find that the only way to comfortably be around lots of people is by having something that keeps me focused. This is usually my phone, sometimes a book, and occasionally a podcast (both of which could be on my phone). That said, I really hate this new phenomenon, so my solution to this is to have a smartphone, but no internet. As a result, when I do employ my device as a way to avoid being overstimulated, the 'distraction' is at least of some quality, be it a long-form Instapaper article, a chapter of a book, or a podcast that spends an hour on a single topic. It's not perfect, and I still put my phone away whenever I can handle my surroundings, but it works. I mostly agree with you, but I would argue that 'useless time' is far from useless. Boredom is important and valuable, and, as has often been mentioned in discussions like these, the value of 'useless time' is evident when you consider how many good ideas are a result of long showers, other bathroom activities, or periods of sustained 'disconnect'. Time and reflection, I think. I grew up in a culture where television was rather 'new'. Whenever we visited people, they would actually turn the television on . On the other hand, in my home culture the tv has been a presence for decades, and somewhere along the way we've decided that it is rude to turn on the tv when you have visitors. Now I am assuming that the situation in my home culture was similar when tv was new. I'm not at all certain about that. Apple TV, from what I gather, was mostly a side-project for Steve Jobs. Something to play with while the focus was on iPhones and, later, iPads. Especially from that perspective it's actually a huge success, and a good way for Apple to dip its toes in an area that many expect is their next Big Thing. If you look at the general course of Apple, they've generally been quite consistent in their road map. I think the incredible success of the iPhone might cause a slump for a while, but then they'll just continue what they've been doing for a while: releasing good, high-end and profitable products and comfortably occupying multiple niches. Alternatively, they might create a few more iPhone- and iPad-like successes and continue ruling new and existing product categories. In both cases, they'll keep 'shining' for quite some time. If that stops, it'll suck for people like me who are fully invested in their ecosystem. That said, I switched to a Nexus 4 recently and it was surprisingly painless. Yeah, I've felt for a while that we need to start ditching the terms 'front-end' and 'back-end', as there is no way to use these terms anymore without following up with an explanation of what this means. I've been primarily a 'browser developer', with most of my time spent in the Chrome dev tools, editing css, html and 'light' javascript. I call myself a front-ender for this reason. However, over time I find that I prefer the 'real' programming stuff over battling browser quirks and pumping out html/css structures that I learned over time are optimal. I gravitate more and more to what amount to full web apps where I do stuff that requires, to a degree, 'real' programming beyond just a javascript/jQuery widget. That's where the real division is, I think. As I get into more and more complicated development, I become more aware of my limitations and my lack of formal training. This reached a point where calling myself a 'front-ender' is starting to feel less and less applicable, because there's a huge divide between many front-enders I know who are not really programmers, and what I am in the process of becoming, and calling myself a front-ender feels like underselling myself. Interesting perspective. I had the luck, in hindsight, to have ridiculous amounts of freedom until the age of 16. I was homeschooled with my brothers (and eventually two close friends of the same age) and a fresh-out-of-teacher-school 'teacher' who wasn't very good, but was our friend. We had school at her apartment and then all had lunch at my house. Then from age 13 on I was allowed to work at home, where I would usually either skip my homework or use the answer booklet to do it quickly. On a given day, I would spend at most four hours on 'school' and then do whatever I wanted. At first I probably abused this freedom, which led to boredom. So very soon, I started reading every book I could get my hand on, learned some programming and spend most of my early afternoons to evenings playing with kids in the neighbourhood. Then at the age of sixteen I returned to 'normal' life and had massive difficulties adjusting to the regular school system, but I made it through and went on the university. Experiences such as yours solidify my view that the school system we all grow up with is flawed. It teaches us that learning isn't fun, and makes us do silly things and jump through pointless hoops. To be fair, school has to deal with all sorts of kids. If others had been given my freedom they might not have gravitated towards learning, and failed horribly upon returning to regular life. But I'm sure there are many like me, and I hate the thought that they had to put up with the kind of stuff you describe. Maybe it's more like custom-building a wheel to the exact specifications that you figured out when using a 'normal' wheel. Sometimes customization matters. I liked a bunch of the essays I read by him, and loved "A History of Western Philosophy". I'm well aware (and felt his writing made it obvious enough) that it is not necessarily a 'accurate' history of philosophy, but it was a great book with a great approach. I think it is especially this. There's a reason for the thought that the best person to ask for help or a favor is a busy person, as they are more likely to reliably do it if they say yes (and often they do, just as much as less busy people). I've experienced this quite often myself. I remember a period when I was particularly productive and creative, but also very busy two bachelors and three side-jobs. Interesting. This is quite similar to the phenomenon where asking for a favor and giving a pointless reason increases the chance that people will do as you ask. I can't find the research for this, but from what I remember one experiment involved someone going to the front of the line of people waiting at a copy machine at university, and asking if they could go first. Simply appending 'because I need to copy some things' would increase the chance that people would let you go first, despite the fact that it's a pointless justification. Do you really think it's just as easy for a woman to give her child up for adoption as it is for a man to leave the relationship? I mean: really ? Maybe here they don't, but I think generally people see things your way. I don't, and I didn't, even before I got into 'tech' and started reading HN. For me, the statement 'life outside of work is more meaningful than work' just doesn't make sense. While I do treat 'work time' slightly differently than 'free time', the difference is not so great for me. It's mostly to keep some ritual and prevent weeks turning into long blurs. In fact, I've never really treated 'work' as something so discrete. In high school, as soon as I figured out the 'tricks' to not getting kicked out of school and not failing classes, I spent most of my time doing what I wanted. I could skip many classes and engage in the few that interested me. And I had loads of time and energy left to learn stuff that I wanted to learn. Often I could make a deal with teachers to not go to class because when I was present, I was active and engaged, and I treated them like, well, just people, not bosses. In university, there were less hoops to jump through, and there was more freedom, but once again I skipped classes I didn't care for (while making sure that I'd still have a decent grade and participate in group work), and actively engaged in the fun classes. Despite my absence, my targeted interested usually meant that I was one of people that the professors 'knew', rather than just a a face in the crowd. And now, as a freelancer, I do make a point to set aside blocks of time for work, but for the most part I primarily try to make sure that I enjoy whatever I'm doing. Every once in a while a project feels like a chore, but for the most part I can choose the projects or the parts of projects that I enjoy or that I learn from. Most of the time 'work' doesn't feel different from 'life outside work'. I love talking about my work and I'm baffled by my friends who make a point of actively avoiding the topic on a Friday pub night. I occasionally work in the weekend, but it doesn't feel like I'm 'losing' any of my weekend because of this. I occasionally take on projects that pay shit but are fun or helpful, and 'subsidise' this with bigger, often less fun projects. Meanwhile throughout high school and college I saw classmates go to every class no matter the value, diligently do all the exercises 'just because', and complain about how it all sucked. Working as a contractor, I see colleagues drag themselves into work on Monday after a rough weekend of 'outside work life', and joke on a Wednesday about how it's almost Friday. And complain about how much work sucks. I do get that not everyone has the freedom to find work that they enjoy, but what I don't get is that so many people do have that freedom, and quite a good safety net (especially here in Europe), but don't exercise it. The happiest people I've known were generally the ones that didn't make a strict separation between work and 'life', but instead found work that didn't feel like work most of the time. It took a lot of creativity, effort and uncertainty to get there, but the results were worth it. EDIT: I do realize that OP acknowledges this, so perhaps this should not have been a reply. apologies. No offense taken. I do not have children and currently no SO, and I do realize that this makes a big difference. As I mentioned, I do understand that not everyone has the luxury of finding 'nice' work. What I said applies mainly to those that DO have this luxury. I just think a lot of people, especially in Western Europe, have this luxury and don't use it. Shouldn't the knowledge that your freedom is likely to diminish as you get older actually motivate one to not lock into a particular job directly post-college, but instead do everything to ensure that you're on a right 'track'? It just seems so important to make sure that the thing you do with most of your productive time is actually something you enjoy... As for work/life balance: I'm by no means a workaholic most of the time. I work to save a bit, and I keep a low financial profile, and as a result I could potentially get by (currently) on even just two days of work a week. The reasons why I've worked hard were generally 1) saving/pension, 2) passionate about a project, or 3) saving to take significant time off to explore (which in turn often offered me new avenues of revenue or fulfllment) But to provide some context. My main inspiration has come from a somewhat unusual childhood and the unusual lives of the adults that I grew up around, especially my parents. They went 'off the beaten path' early in life: young parents with three young children off to work in a developing nation (and before that basically volunteering). I believe this choice has been crucial in their path. It resulted in years of poverty and uncertainty, but they were young and happy, and found they didn't really need that much. And here in western europe, we have a pretty good welfare system for the real emergencies. As a result, they developed something of an entrepreneurial/adventurous spirit and never quite got back to normal, even though they've been 'home' for the past decade. Their entire approach to life just seems... different, and not primarily because of personality, but because they never went for the 'default'. They never lived above their means. They learned to be happy with very little. My father has a 'regular' job nowadays, but it's something he's passionate about, and there has always been a certain fluidity in how he treats work and the rest of life. My mother started a business a few years ago (shop) and suddenly had to learn everything that comes with that. What I always remember most is that despite growing up relatively poor, and despite a relative lack of security, despite serious illness and hardship, and despite a background that isn't all that great, they're among the most happy people I know. And I think it's primarily because their whole life has been an adventure that they faced together, with us, the kids, in tow. And I've met too many people like them to think they're just a lucky exception. That said, I do not mean to imply that it is the only valid approach, or that this is an option for everyone. It's just that I'm baffled by how many people don't even try. (also, as I'm getting older I'm becoming more and more convinced that having a family is one of the most gratifying things you can have in life, and at least something I deeply respect. I'll probably get me one of those eventually even if it does mean losing some 'freedom' :) ) That's true. But what this means is that I actively try to hold back from talking about work to avoid being a bore... but I still want to! The people I know that actively avoid it, often avoid because they just don't care for their job. Interesting. Maybe it's all about changes in priority throughout life. I feel frustrated to see so many of those around my age settle for and into something that perhaps at a later time would be fine, but just seems like a waste currently. I'm still pretty young, but I already notice how priorities change. I feel less of a need to be part of a 'clique' than a few years ago, for example. But I'm happy that in my college years I joined a student organisation and had all the 'clique' I needed, because I'm pretty sure it would've felt like something I'd missed out on otherwise. My frustrations don't primarily stem from a belief that there is one 'path' that makes everyone happy, but primarily from the belief that, living in the richest part of the world at a time where we're still doing quite well (Holland/Germany/etc.), it's such a waste to settle for less than something that makes you happy. And yet many of my peers do just that. I often try to think of ways to change that, while being mindful that my path to happiness does not apply to everyone (or I try to, anyways. Plenty of youthful arrogance left in me!). Anyways, thanks for the advice/perspective. I'm sure that my priorities will change significantly as I age, and I try to be mindful of that fact. What do you miss most, if I may ask? Doesn't Barcelona get pretty chilly in the winter months? I mean, not as bad as Berlin, but still cold. I've heard even Valencia gets to around 10 degrees celcius in winter. I've been told for the past three years that this is an unusually cold winter :-/. It's also useful for ventures where 100% time is not necessary though. The 'burning your ships' approach can be much more effective in reaching your goal. Not always, but often, to the point where I err on the side of, uh, burning. And 'burning your ships' usually isn't quite as drastic and irreversible as it appears anyways. Let me use friendships and social circles as an analogy. I've had periods in my life where I felt stuck socially. I kinda liked my social circles, I kinda liked my friends, but I yearned for something new or better. I didn't know exactly what though. At first I tried to go to meetups and activities to meet new people. That worked at first, but it turned out to be very difficult to keep up. Because if I had the choice of meeting a bunch of perfectly fine friends on a Friday evening after a busy week, why would I opt instead for a bunch of strangers that one day might, or might not, become new friends? So at some point I just moved to another city, which for me was not such a huge deal, but still a pretty big step. And it worked very well. I had to go and make new friends. And it turned out that I didn't lose the old friends, not the ones that mattered anyways. In fact, those old friendships got a new shine and freshness. That said, I did try a less drastic approach at first, and perhaps that's generally a good idea. But there's no substitute for forcing a change, because doing so incrementally can be quite difficult. By your definition the large majority of the world population is stupid. Which kind of renders the term meaningless, and makes you sound like a bit of a prick. Don't get me wrong: I fit in the autodidact category and everything I've achieved has been through not brainlessly following the rules, being curious, eager to learn, and slightly subversive. And sometimes I find myself thinking in a way similar to you. Often, I get frustrated when I see people around my blindly doing what is 'normal', living by default, and missing out on the tons of opportunities that are out there. It's their own fault, right? And yet, over time, I've come to understand that my lack of 'stupidity' and my lack of 'mediocrity' are, to a large degree, not a result of my own awesomeness and my own awesome choices. They're to a large degree a result of my personality, my intelligence, the unusual way that I've grown up and that I've been raised, a bit of luck, and good timing. These are things I didn't work for. I'm not saying it all just happened and I did nothing for it; I'm proud of the work I did to get here. I'm just saying that it's too easy to call everyone else stupid because they haven't enjoyed the unique concoction of nature and nurture that contributed significantly to what i am. Plus, if anything, these stupid, mediocre people need sympathy and help from those like us, rather than arrogance and high-horse bullshit, don't they? I was writing essentially the same response when I noticed yours. I completely agree with the sentiment. What baffles me most is the idea that someone can value 'stuff' so much that the resulting damage (be it emotional, financial, or practical) justifies such a harsh punishment. Sure, 'stuff' can be important. If someone cheats you out of a large sum of money that you've been working hard for, the damage can be considered large. But I don't think that's what we're talking about here. And even then I'd say 40 years in prison is way out of proportion. I've organically come to a system that works pretty well for me. I browse HN, reddit, Zite (iPad), and sometimes click on links in my fb feed. That's my 'inbox'. Then: 1. Anything I feel like reading right away, I read. 2. an actual article, usually more long-form, I add to my instapaper list. 3. an article that might be interesting, but not right away, or anything else that is worth saving, but not useful right away, I add to Pocket. 4. for any comment pages, or articles that somehow don't go through step 2 or 3, I add them to my OneTab list (by far my most-used chrome plugin). Often these are just things I can't read right away, but I'll probably look at later in the day, or things that instapaper can't handle (HN comments). 5. anything that really stands out, I either add to my OmniFocus inbox, or to my Wunderlist inbox (Because I don't have OF on my phone). With that done, here's how I process stuff: 1. when at my computer, I tend to first check my OneTab backlog. I open a few tabs, and read through them. This is generally during work breaks or lazy moments. 2. On the road, particularly short commutes, I read instapaper articles. I intentionally kept myself from getting internet on my phone so I'll keep from aimless browsing. Interesting snippets or articles then go to my Wunderlist inbox for later processing. 3. On longer trips, or significant downtime, I generally look at Instapaper for the 'better' material. 4. every once in a while, or when I'm reminded of something I read a while back, I check my Pocket 'dump' for the relevant material. All in all, this kind of just started happening through use. I didn't agonize over a workflow, and I'm not sure it's optimal. But it works pretty well. I have tons of articles on Instapaper that are really great, and usually I power through a bunch of them on long trips or vacations. It feels like a security blanket. Good point. I've generally used debounce for live search, and throttle for window resizing, among other things. In hindsight throttle is perhaps better for live search as well. Assuming the interviewer is also a web developer, I think a good 'minimum' would be problems that the interviewer himself often came across. The kind of stuff that you put in some base_functions.js file for all your project, or that you use a library like underscore or lo-dash for. setTimeout is something I had to learn about very early in my web development career. The essentials of jQuery too. Callbacks too, unless all you need is someone who does mainly html+css with a bit of jQuery. The interviewer asked exactly the kind of question that I'd consider a 'minimum'. Of course, as others have pointed out, it also depends on what you're looking for. If you're okay with someone who can learn a lot on the job, and if you don't mind that this person has some basic things to pick up on, you'll probably be focusing more on how the interviewee approaches the problem, and how they interact with you as the interviewer. Agreed. I use setTimeout a lot, but generally don't need to cancel it. But the failure of the interviewee was not the part where he doesn't know how to cancel it, I think, but rather that he didn't know about setTimeout at all. I'd say perhaps especially in front-end, knowledge is much more important than analytic skill. Most of the challenges I face in html and css seem to be more about hacks to get something to work as desired than about properly reasoning about the problem. In fact, this is the primary reason I'm trying to move away from 'vanilla' front-end to more heavy js or backend stuff. I get the impression this is a trait that seems more present in programmer types than many other people, and this fascinates me. I notice this in myself too. I almost always try to reduce/abstract my own problems or issues to 'general principles', and I tend to want to get to the root of things. There are many plausible explanations for this (and obviously I've tried to get to the root of this phenomenon too), but at some point I started reflecting on whether this behavior is a good or bad thing. I think it's both good and bad. It's good primarily because a lot of people look at their own problem in isolation, and share/address them as 'their unique problem', which keeps them from seeing underlying patterns or principles and from tapping into the experiences and observations of the countless others that have had pretty much the exact same problem. But it can also be bad, because not everyone likes being subjected or presented with this kind of generalization, and attempting to think about a problem in a general sense while you are suffering from it yourself complicates the search for solutions immensely (especially practical, direct solutions to implement). Does anyone know if there has been research into this? I never really thought of diving in the the 'psychology' of programmers... I think that's it exactly. For the many websites I've built I noticed that the biggest problems arise when the decision is made to do things in a 'custom' way. Custom back/forward functionality, custom scrollbars, custom 'widgets', and so on. Again and again it turns out more complicated than initially thought, and relying on the DOM and native interface elements would've been quicker and less error-prone. I've been CouchSurfing quite a bit a few years ago, in particular when I was in Rio. Because of an unfortunate sequence of events I found myself having to hop from emergency couch to emergency couch for the first four weeks, usually staying at one place for a few days, and occasionally staying in a hostel to get some relative privacy. Every host was nice, and even if we didn't 'click' it was still a great experience. And after four weeks of that I realized that I'd stayed in many corners of the city, knew a lot of the best places in those areas because my hosts would show me around, and felt like I'd lived there for much longer than just a month. I can definitely recommend it as part of traveling, or even part of relocation. The occasional discomfort is offset by really getting to know a place quickly. "Serendipity's evil twin." That made my evening, for some reason. It's exactly how I'd define the term by how I find it used. Thanks! I'd take a bet that it's mostly the former (and the latter is rather similar to it). It's not just that some people get off on pointing out that something is 'obvious', it's that lots of other people feel the same way. So they upvote. A somewhat similar example that always comes to mind in these cases (and for some reason happens relatively often among my 'geekier' friends) is when someone says 'I don't dream'. There's always a smart-ass around to point out that everybody dreams, but they just don't always remember it. I don't know if that's true, but that's irrelevant.. It might be technically true, but it's pedantic and misses the point of the statement. And it cuts off a potentially interesting conversation for the sole purpose of making this person sound smart. I've noticed myself doing this too (I privately call it 'snoping' someone), and have been trying to avoid it as much as possible since I became aware of it. Are there any downsides to the subreddit approach? If not, wouldn't that be a good solution to the broad userbase problem? What I think a lot of people are missing when comparing bitcoin to the dot-com bubble is that while it was followed by a spectacular crash, not only did the internet 'succeed' anyways, just later, a whole bunch of companies succeeded right along with it. I think there's a big crash coming, but I think that won't say much about the long-term success of bitcoin. The most likely case I see for bitcoin failing is that it's replaced by another cryptocurrency, and that's still great in my book. (I got my original investment back with btc to spare, so thankfully my finances will be unaffected either way) That sounds like a great combination. I've found that volunteering and traveling are wonderful in themselves, but also 'unlock' the ability to write and produce things I want to produce, rather than sit around and do nothing (and eventually feel bad about it). I'll be embarking for something similar, but for about a year. I wish you all the best, and would love to hear what you have to say about humanity. yes, on my laptop. On my iPad I start with 'h' to get hn.premii.com. I've noticed the same thing in musician friends of mine, and I think it really isn't so much that their mindset is different from 'us' hackers, but rather that we spend so much time on virtual stuff that we don't learn to apply our mindset to the real world. In fact, a lot of us probably under-perform when it comes to real-world hacking because we're so caught in the virtual. I know that's true for me. This did give me a bit of a new perspective on things, and makes me wonder if I should start some more real-world hacking... I think that's not doing DocumentCloud justice. While I realize this is a precarious argument, I find it hard to believe that Jeremy Ashkenas, an active HN member, creator of Backbone and CoffeeScript, and someone I've come to respect, would work for a company that offers no value. That's exactly what my reservations are about this approach. Perhaps the problem is not so much that they chose a management-less structure, but rather that they imposed a new approach top-down. Hierarchy isn't always bad, nor are managers. I mean, the army (special case perhaps) probably wouldn't function without it. Perhaps in companies that can experiment in this manner, a better approach is to try and organically grow models that fit that specific company. As another commenter mentioned, you could start with giving developers x% time to do whatever they want, and scale up from that. Then regularly review any metrics that matter to you (the boss), and adjust. The way I see it, humans in any context need structure of some kind. Why not focus on having people that are good at feeling the needs within the company, and grow structures from there. Maybe some parts of the company actually need hierarchy, and maybe others don't. I use quite a few web apps and desktop apps in this space, and have experimented with many more. I find Trello one of the most amazing apps I've used, both in it's general design and in the little details. Especially the little details. My expectations of web apps are generally not so high, so when, for example, trello remembers my input when I accidentally close something, it's a surprise. The most recent discovery I made was that when you hover over a card and press the copy keyboard shortcut, it copies the card. Something I don't use much, but comes in handy every once in a while. I think studying Trello's functionality would be great inspiration to improve your tool! I regularly travel between Amsterdam and Berlin, and I have had the same experience. I avoid the bus because it sucks, I avoid flights because they actually feel longer and more exhausting, and because the door-to-door advantage is only two hours (out of 6 or 7 total). Whenever I can, I take the train.