C++ it seems. Hello, author here. As I hint to in this article, explaining or teaching "what a monad is" is fallacious. Given that each monad requires 400–2000 words to teach in its most basic form, explaining the most common monads in a single article would make that article around 15 pages long. That is way out of scope of this article, but perhaps suitable for five other separate articles. I'll have to think about it! Meanwhile, I'm sure you can Google search for Stack Overflow questions on Maybe, Either, List and other monad types to get used to them. You can imagine it a little like walking up to a musician and asking, "Will you please teach me the musical instruments?" The answer you get will be filled with counter-questions: "Do you know any musical instrument? What kind of instrument are you interested in? Can you read sheet music?" (Or, for that matter, try asking an OOP programmer, "Teach me the Gang of Four patterns, please!" It will elicit a similar response, not a 15-page blog post. ;) ) When the type is some sort of container type (Maybe, Either, List, Tuple and so on), the functor interface gives you a function that will change the contents of the container, while preserving the container structure. Example: fmap (*3) (Just 12) === Just 36 When the type is some sort of computation type (IO, Promise, STM, Parser, unwrapped Reader), the functor interface gives you a function that will take a function and compose it with the computation. In other words, the result of the computation will be passed through your specified function before it is finally returned. Example: fmap (+5) (getPromise age) -- promise age is filled with 43 and -- the fmap call will return 48 I'm probably one of those rare programmers who has never had any real experience with OOP. I can tell you that reading about design patterns makes my head spin. I've been able to understand a few design patterns, but that has been because I've had an actual, practical problem in my code and the design pattern could be applied to solve it. Take as an example the following paragraph from Wikipedia: > The essence of the Mediator Pattern is to "define an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact". It promotes loose coupling by keeping objects from referring to each other explicitly, and it allows their interaction to be varied independently. Client classes can use the mediator to send messages to other clients, and can receive messages from other clients via an event on the mediator class. I have no idea what that means and how and when I apply it in practise. It's just a bunch of abstract mumbo-jumbo, like an explanation of "what a monad is" will be. So I still hold that the abstract description comes after you learn how to use the thing, not before it. Unfortunately no, but that's in the works. Now that several people have requested it, I've bumped it up on my list of priorities. Semigroup is a closer match. Monoid includes an identity element. (All monoids are semigroups, and a lot of semigroups are monoids, but not all of them.) Also might matter that open floor plans make interacting with people convenient, and it's a large part of their job to interact with people. I really only need interaction with people for well under 10% of a normal work day. What makes perfect sense for their kind of works does not make as much sense for my kind of work. About 1: all of your experiences still hold today. A friend of mine started a file hosting business on the side when he was still in elementary school. Much like yours, it quickly became popular in one small community, and then spread out of that. Today, 8 or so years later, he has quit to work full time on it and he works on it... a lot. "Easily scalable" only works to a point, then it quickly becomes expensive unless you create a solution tailored specifically for your problems, at which point you're negating the "easily" part again. Not sure if it's relevant, and unfortunately it's a bit outdated, but have you seen Real World Haskell? Also related is Beginning Haskell – A Project Based Approach. Me too. I normally need around 8–9 hours to function normally throughout the whole day – an hour more if I've been exercising regularly. It's highly impractical sometimes, but I've started to accept that I just need more sleep. I can usually get by with less sleep (7 hours) and function somewhat normally if I go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, but I feel much better if I get a couple of hours more. > Not only do these type systems allow you to annotate things as "doing side effects"; they specifically disallow doing side effects unless you have annotated the thing as such. Just below the "Controlled Side Effects" heading. There are data structures that are a combination of linked and contiguous, such as the classic rope data structure. For persistent collections, a common backing data structure is the hash array mapped trie, which is basically a quickly-navigated tree of arrays. Somewhere in there is the obvious tradeoff you have to make between access time and copying time, with regards to the array length. Well, Erlang is also basically immutable at its core, and seems to do reasonably well. It's definitely not up there with C (that'd be ridiculous) but within its domain I haven't heard many performance complains either. I think that's a healthy way to view mutability. It's an amazing performance optimisation, but like any optimisation, it's not to be performed prematurely... Sure, the [unordered-containers]( https://github.com/tibbe/unordered-containers ) library is based on that IIRC, as is the [hash map in Clojure]( https://github.com/clojure/clojure/blob/master/src/jvm/cloju... ). Introverts usually get less practise at managing social situations because they need more time alone, but that doesn't mean they can't be good at being social. :) They may very well come naturally (they do for me), but they carry a cost that must be repaid later with some alone time (they do for me). I'm not using anywhere near all the neat things provided by rsync.net, and my account is like the smallest one possible, but damn am I happy to have my data there. They're super cool people even when it comes to the smallest customers. Keep up the good work! There are still some of us crazies around who take photos on film and create prints ourselves in a bathroom-turned-darkroom in our homes. Definitely gives more weight to each picture when the turnaround is weeks, and each picture requires hours of physical work. 2) is generally accomplished with marks. Press m followed by a letter to set a mark where you are, go down to wherever you want, and then you can pop back by pressing ` (backtick) followed by the letter you set for the first mark. If you want to go back and forth, you can set two marks. > The whole "file handles" can't escape a certain scope sounds like what python's with statement does. It is incredibly easy to return a file handle out of a with statement. There is nothing in place other than programmer discipline preventing you from doing so, and your program blows up in... interesting ways. > Why fmap has this law The law is the only law of fmap, which is the "structure preserving law". It means that if you apply a function to each element of the structure, you cannot change the shape of the structure. This structure preserving property means you can safely apply any function (even ones you don't know what they do) and you can be safe you're not losing information beyond what the function takes away. > It should possibly be renamed to Container or Mappable to be more in line with what general developers expect. Mappable would be a truthful name. Container is not a good name because far from all Functors are containers. You can map over a lot of things (I/O actions, functions among others) which are not intuitively "containers", unless you revise your intuition of "container" to mean "mappable". :) The good thing about calling it for what it is – Functor – is an argument commonly lifted by Edward Kmett: when you're honest about what you're dealing with, you instantly give people access to 80 years of collective knowledge about the thing. But it does give a strong hint. I personally don't prophesise somethings demise in a shorter timespan into the future than it has existed for. I find that to be a good rule of thumb. High-level programming has been around for 50ish years, so we probably won't get rid of it for at least another 50. > I was saying that it brought no great advances with respect to side effects, Really? I work with a bunch of languages that does not have controlled side effects, and controlled side effects is the single biggest thing I miss from Haskell. The uncontrolled side effects I swear over daily, if not hourly. The fact that the order in which I call functions can – undocumentedly – decide whether my program works or crashes is a ridiculous concept. The fact that if I share the wrong piece of data with another part of the application my program starts behaving erratically from having invalid data is odd. Sharing data should not feel unsafe. Changing the order of method calls should not be a threat. As long as a function gets the data it wants through explicit parameters, it should work. It shouldn't matter at which point in time I call it, because managing time is really difficult. Managing data is easy. The controlled side effects in Haskell give you a way to encode these things to give you guarantees and self-documenting code. It gives you opportunities to deal with these problems in sane ways. Refactoring Haskell code is mostly a matter of symbolic manipulation. A huge chunk of the process doesn't even require me to think about what I'm doing, because I have much more freedom when I don't have to worry about side effects myself. This is good, because I'm bad at thinking and I would like to do it as little as possible. Every single bug that have appeared in my problems have been because I'm bad at thinking. Inofficially, it has been. Technically, it's not quite true. Water has a density of 999.97 kg/m³. Capt. Warren VanderBurgh has held a bunch of lectures, some of which exist on youtube[0], where he keeps stressing this specific issue. Highly interesting stuff, even for someone like me who's basically never been in an airplane. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN41LvuSz10 As long as you start having problems as high as 35,000 feet there are surprisingly many (although vomit-inducing) ways to deal with your problems by pure physics – i.e. as long as you can use some of your control surfaces, you have a reasonable chance of surviving. The most important variables are velocity and lift vector. At 35,000 feet you have room to gain speed, and even just some of your control surfaces let you manipulate your lift vector in "unconventional" ways. When a voice in the cockpit repeats "stall. stall. stall. stall" it should be almost instinct to deal with it (whether that is forward yoke and near-0 g flying or rolling the lift vector to the side). ...unless you haven't had to fly the aircraft manually in a long time, so it's no longer instinct how it reacts to your inputs. > Even if flying is inherently complex in itself, there's almost no traffic and almost no obstacle in air. Different aircraft are by and large keeping to the same standard routes, altitudes and holding patterns, which is why mid-air collisions are a thing. (The reason they keep to standards is to make air traffic control easier.) This was the day when you learned how a huge portion of serious "hacking" is done. Taking advantage of the right older women is a very time efficient way of gaining access to systems you shouldn't have access to. If you want to know more, I can recommend The Art of Deception by Kevin Mitnick. "Hacking" is in everyday parlance not too far from "gaining unauthorised access to a technical system." Social engineering is often a very efficient alternative to rainbow tables, wiretapping, buffer overruns and other technical exploits. Real-world code (which is what most projects consist of) is rarely fully idiomatic and well-written, because it contains fixes to weird edge cases only some users experience, performance optimisations and such. I'm fairly sure there's a way to force GHC to compile "Haskell 98" code, which is the first Haskell standard and has stayed the same for 17 years now. Demos were also rarely recorded with the same precision as the live rendering. > But for anyone who already needs a laptop or a desktop ...which is basically anyone who is a white-collar worker or studying. Defcon in multiplayer is pretty darn good as well. Easily one of the best strategy games out there. > but I am at work :( You do realise that you are talking about the game with a work panic button built in, right? Weiqi is the transliteration we've arrived at now, but there have existed variants in the past. The Korean name Baduk is fairly unambiguous. Another thing to note is that the professionals that can be beaten with 4 handicap are usually pretty late in their career, and do not play as well as they did when they were in their prime. Much less at the level current pros in their prime play. > Then maybe in a few thousand years when we're a full hour out we can think about having a leap hour. If we even care, at that point. We might well have switched time keeping systems several times by then, seen massive improvements in artificial lighting and heating and such. I think that's the general idea of "what's the point of leap seconds". By the time they actually matter, we're not sure they matter anymore. It's not a backward jump – you just let the clock run a bit slower for a minute, or an hour, or whatever. Smearing the second out works for 99% of people/computers, and when it doesn't you probably have much bigger problems keeping your clocks in sync anyway, so you should be able to handle a few leap seconds too. I think the words we're really looking for are "discrete" vs "continuous". Any discrete values will be bounded by some sort of precision limit. I agree; it didn't work well on a half-small browser window. Either make it even smaller and the header goes away automatically, or open the JavaScript console and run jQuery('.site-header__wrapper').hide() No, you'll have to estimate or count manually, as it stands. An "end game now" button sounds like a reasonable fix, though. I agree. The flip side of that is that real programs are written by real humans, who have inherent limitations, that have to be reflected in the programming language somehow. ;) Haskell certainly leans more toward the "cater to the limitations of humans" end rather than the "cater to the limitations of the machine" end, which is already filled by a whole host of languages like C++, Ada, Rust, D and others. Correct. Annotations were added in 3.0 with no encouragement to use them for anything in particular, so they could observe what the community would use them for. They were just put in a dictionary attached to the function, and by inspection you could access them and do whatever the heck you wanted with them. A lot of third-party libraries cropped up that used them to type-check stuff. Type-checking was a popular enough usage for them it's official now, to help gather people under the same libraries and terminology. You can still use the annotations for other things, of course – the dictionary is still attached to the function and can be inspected as before – but if nothing else is specified, we can now assume they are type declarations. The ridiculous level of in-your-face-ness was basically the reason I switched from Windows to Linux a decade ago. I did run OS X a short stint back when it was version 10.5, and it's a shame to hear it's gone downhill since then. Water is a very good neutron regulator for fission reactions and general radiation absorbant. Not sure how it deals with fusion though (given that it contains hydrogen and a nuclear blast can probably rip apart water molecules pretty handily). Nobody really cares whether or not the button actually works, but when you say "it works" that is supposed to be a credible threat. If you think it works, then Kremlin probably thinks it works, and will think twice about nuking you in the first place. It's a deterrent, not a weapon. Yes. Their software analyses connections between people and locations in huge databases of call records, email correspondence, money transfers and so on and so forth. From a high-level point of view, the work they do appears very interesting. They really try to leverage the strengths of the computer in combination with the strengths of the human mind to provide a superior analysis. It's basically what I think will be the most fruitful (near) future of AI – intelligent human-computer interaction, rather than replacing the human wholesale. I applied for a job there for that reason, but due to an unwillingness to relocate I couldn't follow through. > The last part I interpret as something like: “the mainstream idea of shared production”, in other words, communism. This is something I love about Finnish as well. I don't know enough Finnish to say if it's a general pattern, but I've noticed that a comet is a "tail-star", a toad is a "crust-frog", the world is the "land-air" and there's a couple of other examples I've collected over the years. I'd love to learn that language. But you can. People treat the full "personal numbers" as a secret and if you can recite one, nobody will think you're anyone different. It's not meant to be this way, but in my experience it is. > ...this problem requires a scripting language... Cool, we have that in Haskell these days![1] Except, of course, it has all the good high-level stuff of Haskell, which reduces boilerplate and increases correctness. [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/turtle-1.2.3/docs/Turtle... > red means cancel/go back/stop/error. This is something that was learned, not something that was known by instinct. Well...[1][2] There are some precedents for red being a no-go colour even in nature. Which is likely why we use it as a stop colour. It would be interesting if someone knows of a significant number of cultures that use it as a "go ahead" colour. I mean, the samples are probably skewed because everyone has been a colony these days but still. [1]: http://www.noaa.gov/features/resources_0109/images/fire1.jpg [2]: http://museumvictoria.com.au/spidersparlour/images/en000008.... > You could invent a total different implementation for the list monad, for the maybe monad, etc (if you respect the laws). Could you show such a different implementation for either list or maybe? > Haskell is too safe. It forbids you from doing too many things that the computer can do. Computers are to computing science what telescopes are to astronomy, or something. Haskell is a great language for expressing computations, the thing CS is about. It's not meant to flip bits and observe processor states and page faults, if that is your idea of fun. That's more computer engineering stuff. But Haskell is absolutely capable of drawing pretty circles on the screen in just a couple of lines of code![1] [1]: https://hackage.haskell.org/package/gloss-1.9.4.1/docs/Graph... Originally spoken as "Avoid (success at all costs)", i.e. don't sacrifice your principles just to get your 15 seconds on the stage. Now sometimes used as a joke in the alternate meaning. Except controlled side effects are a godsend, even for meat and potatoes. All three are problems with performance on a von Neumann machine. So there are three main reasons why Haskell is not a great language for expressing high-performance computation algorithms. Since CS is a branch of maths, performance isn't that big a deal; the important thing is that the result is computable. The performance may be an interesting property, but so is line count and purity and ease of writing proofs and doing analysis on the code! Speaking more pragmatically, outside of CS study, most of the programs I write do not require me to write high-performance algorithms – they tend to be very I/O bound, and call out to external libraries/services for the data crunching. When I need performance (because of course I do at times), there is an amazing library that lets me write C code in Haskell[1]. The fact that some sections of my program is performance critical doesn't mean I have to write the entire program in C. I can write just the performance critical parts in C. [1]: https://github.com/fpco/inline-c/blob/master/README.md > on the other hand it forces you to think more about whether you actually need to do something ("should this string ever be more than X bytes long? Maybe not, might as well use fixed-size array - but I should not forget to check that length!"), which I think is overall a good thing. While that certainly can't be a bad thing, you just have to keep in mind that it forces you to think about a specific set of details – the ones that matter for the machine ("how many bytes will the binary representation of this username require") – and it may fool you into forgetting to think about higher-level concerns ("Does å compare equally to å?"). How does it prevent such allocation? Can you not just mark the first read from an area to always return 0, and then allocate as soon as it happens? That also has the benefit of not having to zero anything if you're only writing to it. Isn't that just saying that calloc is compatible with lazy allocation? There are even languages without garbage collection that makes a lot of things easier than they are in C. See Ada, Rust, ~~Go~~ D and others. Surely you mean Go? There is one for Python, but it's not official. Whoops, sorry. I meant D rather than Go, but I guess that is also sorta-kinda garbage collected. Both of you make the mistake of confusing formatting with indentation. Indentation is just a tiny part of formatting. There are tools to automatically format Python (but they do obviously require that the indentation is somewhat correct before you run them) and they work fairly well. :) It had way too weak marketing. It was a top quality publication, always interesting and with great design, and it deserved way more readers. I myself only heard of it when one of my articles got featured in it. They were nice enough to give me a free year of the digital subscription and it was one of the highlights every month. This is because it was invented to be possible to use as an interactive shell. When you're working with an interactive shell, you want its language to be (at least somewhat) optimised for writeability, which by necessity means a lack of optimisation for readability. (Explicitness and some level of redundancy aid readability but hurt writeability.) Hard to interpret right... according to some people, there is actually no valid reading of it.[1] [1]: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n1637.pdf The principle the above commenter refers to is known as "Easier to Ask Forgiveness than Permission", i.e. you're not meant to check preconditions – you should just try to do whatever thing you want to do, and it should signal an error if it didn't succeed. The reason for this has little to do with "clean code" and more to do with the fact that when checking preconditions, programmers have a tendency to check proxies rather than the actual thing they want to do. An an example, it is common to see the following: if not file_exists(filepath): stderr("Invalid config filepath!") config = read_file(filepath) ... This code has the glaring problem that even if the file exists , that doesn't mean you have the required permissions to read it. What you really want to do is read the config file, but you check a proxy (does the file exist at all?) as your precondition. How would you check for the right thing, that you can read the config file? Well, by trying to read the config file, of course! try: config = read_file(filepath) except IOError: # can make this more fine-grained stderr("Invalid config filepath!") This is longer code (one extra line, gasp!) but it avoids the problem of checking the wrong precondition which is so easy to do by mistake. You may have heard of this concept in a different situation – e-mail validation. A lot of people go to great lengths to validate e-mail addresses by regex. Even if the address is perfectly conforming and passes the regex with flying colours it might not lead to an inbox. To really verify that the user can receive e-mail at the address they've specified, guess what you have to do? Send an e-mail and ask them to confirm they got it. It's the only way. Though exercising is not valuable because we need it, it's valuable because it keeps you healthy. I'm not sure how much evidence there is that maths keep you healthy. Sure, if you enjoy it, but if you hate it? At least exercise keeps you healthy even if you hate it. Doing things because they might be healthy is a pretty bad reason to do things. See also: alternative medicine. For computer people, 16×18 is easily split into 16×20 - 16×2, which in turn is 320 - 32. If you don't know instinctively that 16×2 is 32 it might be a bit harder though. This is probably where I get bonus nerd points, but even before smartphones, it wasn't a huge hassle to carry a small slide rule. It still isn't. I can imagine that. Me and my mom are of the calculating kind so when I visit over holidays it's not uncommon we sling a bunch of numbers back and forth over the dinner table to figure something out, and after we're done my dad and sister ask how we arrived at the third number from the first two. But in more "normal" social contexts, what tends to happen is one of the people involved sit with a digital calculator and input the things other people ask for. It's a bit slower, but the results are just as good. I am terrible with remembering a bunch of facts, but I'm pretty good at working things out from basic principles. It's funny because many of my friends look at me figuring something out from basic principles and they think it looks like so much work – then they go back to taking a few hours to memorise things they could just as well work out from basic principles! Who's doing the work now? I guess we both are, only I postpone it to when I really need it. So this is where I saw this. I distinctly remember seeing this feature in Perl many years ago, but then when I tried to find it I really, really couldn't, so I assumed it was something I had dreamt up. However ridiculous it sounds, a weight is lifted from my chest. It depends on how you use it! If you use it to acquire the resource, as in with open(fn, 'r'): ... then generally the answer is no, since that is the same thing as the equivalent `try…finally`. If someone removes the file after it's being opened it will not be completely wiped until it's closed. This is even better highlighted by something like the GHC compiler, which compiles Haskell to (ultimately) machine code, because it does this in several steps: 1. As a first step, it "transpiles" Haskell to the very similar high-level intermediate language called Core. I could read and write programs in Core without too much effort because it's still a very high-level language. 2. Then it "transpiles" the Core code to the not significantly lower level STG source code – human readable, but starts dealing in a little lower-level stuff and contains much fewer bells and whistles. I'd prefer not to work in STG, but I totally could if I had to. 3. After this, it again "transpiles" the STG source code to the C-- (C-minus-minus) intermediate language, which is decidedly low-level (slightly lower level than regular C code), but there's still a clear and relatively simple translation between STG and C--. 4. As a final step, it "transpiles" the C-- source code to assembly (a closer match than you may think, coming from C), which can be assembled into machine code. At no point in this pipeline is there a significant magic translation being made – despite the fact that Haskell is probably one of the most high-level languages we know and machine code is as low-level as you get. ...of a user's public activity. Also a useful indicator of whether or not a user is likely to respond to PRs or issues even if the project you're looking at itself is a low-traffic project. I'm currently (finally!) reading 2001 . I was half a page from the end of a chapter when my train was seconds from stopping where I wanted to get off. Thanks to speed reading, I could finish the chapter and put the book down in my bag before leaving the train! "Burns really fast" is literally the definition of a chemical explosion. 1990 means basically "they didn't even have digital cameras". In the context, that is not recent at all. Don't know if you're sarcastic, but a longbow doesn't have layers of wood to glue together. That's the difference between a simple bow and a composite bow. I think this article blows past several important points – perhaps unknowingly. 1. Sure, tic-tac-toe is a fantastic game for someone who needs to learn the "rewards of thinking ahead and taking the opponent’s strategy into account". Game enthusiasts (or indeed anyone above the age of 12) are very unlikely to need this lesson. 1> However, there is an interesting variant of tic-tac-toe[1] so disregarding the game completely isn't fair either. 2. People don't dislike Monopoly because it has dice. Risk has dice, and is incredibly popular. People dislike Monopoly because it is designed to be a game that is not fun to play for all but one player . 2> The game was designed as an anti-capitalist, anti-monopolist lesson.[2] When the rules are set up just right, only one person will be the winner and the other people will spiral into a negative feedback loop and quickly run out of all their money. That's the entire premise of the game: if you have a lot of money you can easily get more. Of course a game which is designed to distress 3/4 people playing in a session is not going to be very highly rated. That said, I do think there is one popular game that gets very little respect from (at least western) game enthusiasts: go[3]! Probably known in these circles as "the game computers can't yet beat top humans in" it's an abstract strategy game for two players (like chess) – with incredibly simple rules. You can learn the rules in a few minutes (literally) but it will take you weeks to even start feeling like you know what you are doing, and years before you're competent. The strategic and tactical depth is vast, much deeper than any other game I've tried. [1]: http://mathwithbaddrawings.com/2013/06/16/ultimate-tic-tac-t... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_board_game_Mono... [3]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game) > For monopoly, a big crime is that it takes a long time to lose. You can spend an hour with no chance of winning, kept alive only by random chance. ...and when the first player loses, they have to sit by and idly watch while one player gains a larger and larger advantage, only waiting for the rest to lose. Especially with the modern variants in play in competitive games, such as en passant capture and the like. Many fairly enthusiastic chess players aren't exactly sure what all the rules are. The rules are simple and clear – their consequences are not. The game ends when both players have passed in succession. Each player may pass whenever they want. That's it. It's super clear. Figuring out when you can safely pass? That takes years of study. But essentially it is a strategic decision, not part of the rules. You can pass throughout the entire game, it would just be a really dumb strategy. Regular players make counting points more advanced than it has to be in the interest of speed (similar to how mental maths tricks can be very advanced ways of computing simple sums or products). The score is determined by the number of pieces you can put down on the board. That's it. (From this follows, of course, that empty intersection your opponent has solidly surrounded is probably not going to count toward your score because your opponent can kill whatever you try to play in there.) IIRC it as invented to get the rooks out on the board quicker. Normally, it takes like four moves to properly get them out there (1. move pawn out of the way, 2. move rook ahead, 3. slip rook out through the side, 4. move rook onto the board.) With castling you can greatly reduce this if you've opened up the middle already. x = 3 print(x) x = "hello" print(x) Not possible with static typing and type inference (which is static typing without annotation) but done all the time with dynamic typing. (Though still not a good idea, in my mind, but to each their own.) Erlang is popularly used with an external static type checker, the Dialyzer. I agree. The first question I ask is "What is the data?" and the second, just as important question, I ask is "How is it used?" I may be biased, but seriously? Go is like on the very very super-primitive end of that scale. Only something like C is more primitive. Java has a more powerful type system! (Standard) Haskell isn't even near the most powerful extreme. I'm assuming you're talking about heterogenous collections, which while totally possible with powerful static type systems, I'd consider not to be a great idea. If even I don't know what's in my collections now (if I knew I could model it in the type system – it takes 30 seconds at most), how on Earth is my successor going to know in six months time? Heterogenous collections are a maintenance nightmare. I have only ever seen them used in a way where they should be refactored first thing in the morning. That is not particularly scary though. That's the kind of thing a user will automatically press "next" on. This is the kind of warning that looks scary: http://i.stack.imgur.com/2kaXO.png With HTTPS, multiple different sites will have different "hashes" sent anyway, so no, it's not an improvement over just good ol' HTTPS. You're absolutely right that it takes a bunch of time to set Emacs up initially. I took a week off work for unrelated reasons and spent a few evenings of that time to set up Emacs with evil-mode and it was totally worth it. However, I did put off doing it for over a year before that, because I didn't have the time to spend. An important realisation was that I only need my Emacs to do the basic Vim things and then some extensions I commonly use. At that point, I can survive using only Emacs and building onto it as I feel like I need something. I've always found the story about the British bomber airplanes during world war two to be a powerful illustration of this. When the bomber airplanes returned from Germany, some were quite badly shot up. They were riled with bullet holes in the tail and wings. In the interest of ensuring more successful bombing runs, the air force naturally wanted to put more armour on these parts that were always so badly shot up. ...but that's not going to do any good. Airplanes that are shot in the tail quite obviously are able to complete their mission and return home, since you're able to observe them. The airplanes that had bullet holes all over their cockpit never returned. This is where the extra armour is needed.