I would say college cannot be resold, but it is sold in the first place. I looked up the Wikipedia article for "Economic Bubble", which defined it as "trade in high volumes at prices that are considerably at variance with intrinsic values." A college education is definitely a product, even though it is completely illiquid. I would definitely agree that many or even most people are paying more for college than it is worth, though not in every field and not at every school. I hope your peers aren't unaware of the class privileges they are enjoying. Getting an undergrad and then going into a low-paying service job is tough if you're poor. I just went there. #1 question? "What are the must hit brothels on a biz trip to Prague?" Yeah, that's classy right there. Nitpicky: You don't get a key somewhere. You make your own keypair, and send the public key off to be signed. It costs ~$100/year + you need an IP address, compare that to what I pay for shared hosting ($75/year including domain) and you get your answer. 18/20. Everything but Mattel and Toyota. I didn't know Arial was so ugly before taking this. So I've got a process running as root. I want it to spawn a new process running as user1, in /var/fred, with a pipe to stdin and direct stdout to /var/log/greg. First I create the pipe, then call fork. In the child, I chdir to /var/fred, open /var/log/greg, run fdup2 on the pipe and on the handle to /var/log/greg, setuid to user1, and then finally call exec. Show me an API that can do that without fork. All the popen / spawn / system functions are not system calls but rather library functions which operate by calling fork. XIBs are hardly magic. Make some UI objects in a XIB. They're just serialized to the XIB. "Outputs" are just fields with values. "Actions" are just objects and method names. What this solves is that it's a pain to position UI elements with hand-coded coordinates. It also gets in the way of localizing the UI. You can't always just use the same UI in Germany where the words are longer. With XIBs, you just copy the XIB, resize the text boxes as necessary, and enter in the localized text. I would agree, however, if you are writing a game then you wouldn't use XIBs. It's not because XIBs are magic (they're fairly straightforward) but because a game UI is nothing like the UI problem that XIBs were designed to solve. "Reasoning by analogy" The people who made your car were legally required to test your model of car by crashing it into another one and making sure the airbags work. This is also too expensive to test yourself. One does not modify an airbag system at all without retesting it. Your hosting provider has no legal requirement to test their backup system. At best, they have a contractual obligation. And they don't know how to test recovering your site, because testing whether it works is a different process for each site. Additionally, it's cheap to test backup procedures. Most people have a spare computer somewhere (maybe not in the data center), and it should only take a few hours to restore a copy of your site. Once a year. For Chris's sake, you could probably do it in the background and put a movie on. Well, I'm a bit more cynical than you. However, Jack in the Box is probably one of the least likely chains to experience an E. Coli O157:H7 outbreak (since 1993, at least). I think it's more of an observation about which of the two are _real_ men, and less an observation about Google. Looks suspiciously like the professor's notes from the linear algebra class I took (on the opposite side of the same country) for the first part. Then my professor started talking about homomorphisms, and things started getting GOOD. A vector space is an abelian group, a scalar field, and a homomorphism from the field to automorphisms of the group. That's all you need to remember for definitions. Almost everything decreases in value over time, such is the nature of progress. I can have tens of GFLOPS available to me for a couple hundred dollars, in 1984 I would have paid $15M per GFLOPS. That's a decrease of value of over 99.999%, in only a quarter century. Someday gold will be cheap, too, either because the bubble bursts or some researcher makes a gold machine. I don't have a right to value. Cash has always been a relatively poor investment, useful only because its convenience and liquidity are second to none. Inflation serves both of these purposes. If you don't want to use dollars, you CAN invest in stocks, gold, or just get chickens for bartering. Okay, this one is just... too easy. I can see why some people might find it confusing, though. Kitchenaid mixer. Totally awesome. I just submitted an entry. And it doesn't do any stupid stuff like that. No overruns, no pointer tricks, no funny syntax. All the string handling is even done correctly. My exploit abuses a simple, safe API call that sometimes behaves in a way people don't expect if they're not looking for it. Gah. It looks like it doesn't support removing packages. I won't call it a package manager if it can't remove packages. Every once in a while, I used to think, "What about Lua? Wouldn't Lua be nice?" Then I would start reading the docs, and stop when I came to the "local" keyword. Ick. Variables are global by default, you have to explicitly label local bindings. If any scope is the default, it should be local scope. Accessing an uninitialized variable is also not an error. Chalk this up to personal taste, but this reminds me too much of bad experiences in bash scripting. The languages I prefer: Python, Haskell, C, Scheme, Common Lisp... never play so fast and loose with where your variables go. I just made a similar complaint over at Reddit. Maybe interesting, maybe not. http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/b5v64/tired_of_... The closed form solution isn't O(1). It's Ω(2^N) since the number of digits in the output is Θ(2^N). I was going to post this exact comment on the blog but it requires some kind of draconian registration scheme. I guess the blogger doesn't really like getting feedback. Krav Maga is pretty cool, but I wouldn't call it a "martial art". There are no aesthetics in Krav Maga, no spectators, no tournaments, and no rules. Krav Maga is for people who want to defend themselves efficiently. Ahh, I remember using it way back in the day. Back then, my idea of revision control was "make a copy of the source code for each version". Here's a more complete list: http://www.ralentz.com/old/mac/humor/mpw-c-errors.html My favorite error message is perhaps "Symbol table full - fatal heap error; please go buy a RAM upgrade from your local Apple dealer" While I waited for the article to load, I was on the edge of my seat. Is it going to be dated 2010, or 2000? "Who Has the Biggest Bears"... awesome. Yes, yes, YES! I loathe the 1024-byte kilobyte. Because I sometimes want to do math. Lets say I want to put 6h33m of video on a 4.7 GB DVD. What bitrate do I choose? Ah, 4.7e9*8 bit / 23580 s = 1.59 Mbit/s. Now what happens if we use powers of two? I have to type a lot more into my calculator. This was my question, so I looked at the source. It refers to a page on algorithms that claims that it is 8-bit clean, i.e., it preserves non-ascii characters but does not modify them. I then compiled a test program to verify this, because the bit twiddling in the source code looks a little nuanced. It IS 8-bit clean. Although, if you're looking for something that converts non-ascii characters to their lower case equivalents, just use LibICU. This library looks nice for decoding things like HTTP which have plenty of ascii-only case insensitivity. I'm a little fuzzy on the concept of using template libraries inside PHP. What's the advantage over just using PHP in the first place? I learned "corporate" to get a job. It's comes with a huge collection of bizarre operators with baffling precedence rules and a template library that spews out errors to rival C++ STL circa 1999. It also changes, my most recent job introduced me to the "cloud" type which got everyone excited but then we learned it causes segfaults whenever it interacts with the standard "security" classes, and suddenly I'm managing two separate platforms. If you did use a dedicated client-side app, it could be made more secure than HTTPS for those who don't trust the CA system. The explicit trust of all CAs (and there are many, scattered throughout the world) makes HTTPS a lot weaker than the algorithms alone would suggest. I find the arguments presented poorly constructed and unsound. Examples: "These and similar statements show that Hitchens equates morality with altruism" (does not follow from given quotes, furthermore this is a setup for a straw man argument) "... it is observationally false that humans possess an innate sense of right and wrong: Many people, and not just psychopaths, make horrifically bad choices that ruin their own lives, the lives of others, or both." (this argument is unsound; the author states that since some people make bad choices sometimes, then humans must not know right from wrong innately. It's like saying "It's observationally false that humans possess eyesight: many people, and not just the blind, fail to see the mayonnaise when they go to the refrigerator even when it's right in the door.") "Ironically, the claim to innate knowledge—the claim to “just knowing” something—is precisely what Hitchens and the other New Atheists condemn when they condemn faith." (Other than the author's misuse of the term "irony", I have not heard the "new atheists" put forth such an argument and the author does not put forth a citation or quote to support this claim. As I see it, rather than condemning innate knowledge, the "new atheists" condemn what they see as baseless claims of fact.) "Hitchens subscribes to the idea that man is mentally and thus morally hampered by innate irrationality." A slight bit later, "If man cannot choose his actions, then he cannot have a guide to choosing his actions." So the author takes a quote from Hitchens where Hitchens says humans are "only partly rational" (Hitchen's words as quoted by the author) and then concludes that Hitchens thinks that man "cannot choose his actions" (I know that the phrase appeared after the word "if", but you can parse the full three paragraphs or so yourself). I stopped reading the article at this point due to the high density of illogical statements. Stylistically, I find it in poor taste to capitalize "new atheists", but there's no accounting for taste. Knowledge of, but as a statistics geek, I see a lot of people (like this guy) throw around the term "hidden Markov model" when they don't know what "hidden" means in context. In this context, an ordinary Markov model would be more appropriate. A hidden Markov model denotes the existence of some dynamic parameter that the computer cannot directly observe, such as the user's current mood. Such a model would take into account transitions between "happy" and "angry" in addition to transitions between "Firefox" and "TextMate". These additional hidden variables are very useful in a wide variety of circumstances, but in this situation I suspect it would cause a combinatorial explosion of state space with little measurable benefit to the user. "Gerstein said that this organization arises because software engineers tend to save money and time by building upon existing routines rather than starting systems from scratch." Bull. There are two reasons why the shapes are different. 1. The bottom of the Linux graph is smaller because there are not very many primitive operations on a computer. Data is homogenous. There are 256 interchangeable values for a byte. By comparison, a bacterium has to use separate pieces of machinery to handle chemicals made up of the dozens of non-interchangeable elements that it works with. On a computer, you might use one single function for searching binary search trees all over the place in different systems, regardless of the data. In a bacterium, when code gets copied, the copy is modified. Every new application is a fork of some other application, welcome to a developer's nightmare (a good argument against ID... a designer would never duplicate so much code). Developers reuse code because they can, bacteria doesn't reuse code because it can't. 2. The top of the Linux graph is larger because computers have to do more. Computers get selected for features. Bacteria get selected for survival. The bacteria have to "just work", whereas people expect to be able to configure computers. I can plug 100 different network cards into my computer, but don't expect to plug a different flagellum into a bacterium. Maybe it's just a matter of level, if you picked a higher point in the call graph eventually you'd get to "main", no? 50% gray isn't a medium gray, it is actually a fairly light gray. On an average PC monitor it is rgb(186,186,186) (assuming sRGB). Photographers often use 18% or 12.5% gray (0.18 or 0.125 albedo) as a medium gray depending on the tonal range they're working with -- these values are the geometric average of white and black in photographs with five and six stops of range, respectively. Then there's the issue of print versus the web. In print, you can call a color neutral because it reflects light which is the same color as the illuminant. I'm skeptical about "neutral gray" on a website, viewed in a variety of different environments with a variety of different backlights. Fill your screen with pure white, look at it on a sunny day and then again late at night. You'll find it's shifted from a yellowish white to a bluish white. I'm also skeptical about a mathematical formula for "emotionally flat colors". It seems I could choose a bright red, yellow, and blue and get them to center on neutral gray, and use that for my american hot dog stand. Then I could take a few shades of black and white, centered on neutral gray again, and use them to paint the corporate office. Neither seems emotionally flat to me. You said he should have been doing a rebase. I disagree. Almost always, if you think you should rebase, you really should merge instead. "Pretty severe" lack of professionalism? It's not unprofessional not to turn the warnings all the way up and sift through each and every one. Some of us work code inherited from other people with different coding guidelines, and some of the warnings will generate loads of messages for code that is not only technically correct but stylistically correct as well. The unused parameter warning is one of the biggest offenders in this area. And if you have a hundred warnings for unused parameters, which ones do you pay attention to? Another potential issue is that the code in the patch might almost never be called in the first place. Most libc implementations (three that I know of, where I've examined the "memset" source) have a "memset" like that as a fallback only for platforms without an assembly version. I'd say the problem is that there are several different ways this error could have been detected sooner: warnings, test, static analysis tools, and review, but none of them worked. But again, it's also possible that the code is never called because assembly versions are always available. This essay makes asserts that, for example, a human could never write a chess program that is better at playing chess than the human is, because the human could always just run the chess program by hand, given time. This is like saying that no computer is more powerful than any other computer, given sufficient storage and time. But limits on storage and time are THE limits. This is a very poor way to define "power". "Limerence" specifically refers to infatuation with a person. "Cathexis" is a broader term which also applies to objects or ideas. AD vs. BC: I prefer using CE with negative numbers, as suggested by ISO 8601. E.g., year -30 CE is year 31 BC. A lot of people find this article well written, or alternately, they find the article patronizing and some are angry at it. I just think the article is incorrect, which is a necessary consequence of its sweeping generalizations. A quote from the article: "You are a mess." The author spends much of the article telling the reader how unhappy the reader is, how much the reader is suffering. From a rhetorical perspective, I can understand why the author would do this. Yet I'm not convinced that I'm unhappy, and the rest of the article falls apart without that foundation. "It [life] is an emotional roller coaster, and you spend a lot of your time down at the bottom of the ramp, yearning for the heights." To me, life feels more like emotional airplane, at home above the clouds but makes the occasional layover in Detroit. Your experiences may vary. Both are stable. Both will continue to be stable for a long time. The main difference lies with third party library support. There are a number of third party libraries that don't work with Python 3 yet. They will get ported eventually. If you want to use a library that doesn't support 3, then the choice is made for you. The second difference lies with Linux distributions. On most distros you can just install the "python3" package and everything works, on a few distros you'll have to install Python 3 yourself or hunt down the right package repository (my info may be a year behind or so, I'm not sure). This also applies to third party libraries -- even if the library supports Python 3, your distro might not have a package for it, even if it has a package for that library for Python 2. It's fairly easy (most of the time) to write code for Python 2.x that converts to Python 3 code with the bundled "2to3" converter. I do this for any script I might ever want to give to someone else or run on a computer that's not mine. Otherwise, I just write straight Python 3 code. Assuming, of course, that I don't need some library. I don't think the circumstances compare. Python 3.x is different in a bunch of little ways from 2.x. Just like you say Rails 3 runs on Ruby 1.8 and 1.9, most Python libraries will run on 2.5, 2.6, or 2.7 (often 2.4 as well) without modification. Python 3.x breaks these libraries. Python 2.7 is also several months newer than Python 3.1. It reminds me of the 2.4 -> 2.6 transition for the Linux kernel. People were using 2.4 for a long time. Heck, you can still find Linux 2.4 in the wild. That's a big assumption. From another perspective, if one does not believe that any god (should it exist) intervenes in human affairs, then the question of whether it does exist would be not as interesting. Addition: Atheists can sound pedantic when it comes to word order, but this pedantry has a point. Compare the following two sentences: "I'm asking you to not join the Navy." "I'm not asking you to join the Navy." The difference in word order is the same as the different phrasings between different atheists: "I do not believe god exists." (I call this atheism) "I believe god does not exist." (I call this strong atheism) By this same logic I could argue that no scientist is Christian, and no Christian is a scientist. Ask any scientist who is Christian, "does a good scientist believe claims that cannot be independently verified?" Then ask, "do you believe in god?" The questions "are you a good scientist?" and "can the existence of god be independently verified?" follow. You'll force this poor scientist to admit they're not a good scientist, or perhaps as a compromise you can say that the existence of god is a hypothesis which they have not yet been able to test to their satisfaction (which doesn't sound like belief to me). Okay, that's actually not the most common result (I might expect a lecture on politesse, or perhaps a simple request to shut my trap). But I find it detestable to go around and tell people that they label themselves wrong, e.g., "You are not a true atheist." It's almost as villainous to say things like "Strong atheists do not exist." when there are plenty of people who claim to be strong atheists. Say instead something like, "strong atheism is not a tenable position." Or, "strong atheism is logically inconsistent." Then, at least, I won't think of you quite so poorly, and we can argue logic instead of identity. For the record, I'm positive that there are many good scientists who are also Christians. I'm also positive that there are many strong atheists. P.S. It's bad enough that as a bisexual male I don't exist, but as a strong atheist too I doubly don't exist. Harsh. 5. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be meaningfully answered due to flaws in the nature of the question, then you are a theological noncognitivist. 6. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered before defining "god", then you are an ignosticist. An ignosticist who claims that "god" cannot be defined is therefore also claiming that "does a god exist?" can never be answered. 7. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" is not worth answering, then you are apatheistic. 8. Alternatively, if you choose to assume that the answer to the question, "does a god exist?" is "no", but do not consider it worth the effort to attempt to answer the question conclusively, then you are apatheistic. 9. If you claim that the question, "does a god exist?" cannot be answered because the question cannot be correctly communicated due to differences in the definition of "god" and/or "exist" between the idiolects of the persons attempting to communicate the question to each other, then you are a philosophy major. 9b. If (9) above applies but you manage to work the word "qualia" into the discussion, then you are a philosophy major and I'm changing the subject. When you're coding, progress is immediately rewarded by a mechanism in the brain that releases pleasurable chemicals whenever you hit a milestone. It's like playing Diablo II and hearing that "ding" when you level up. (At least, this is the case for me. Especially when writing new features or refactoring.) But the reward system for the other work (release) isn't built into your brain yet. You can trudge through it, or you can try to hack together a reward system for your brain until it's burned into place. You can promise yourself that when you ship, you'll go out to a fancy dinner, buy a video game, or go to the beach. If you have a spouse / significant other, you can ask them to take you out to dinner if you ship (this is, in my opinion, one of the best perks of not being single). Your brain isn't a bulging mass of sheer willpower, although it's pleasant to pretend it is. You've got to figure out a way to get yourself to do the things that you want yourself to do, as much as that sounds like it doesn't make sense. Agnostic is, "I don't know whether god exists." Apatheistic starts with, "I don't care whether god exists." But it often continues from there, and apatheists can also include as their beliefs "Questions of theology should not motivate morality." Some apatheists are strongly atheistic and not agnostic, saying "God doesn't exist, but this fact is irrelevant to human affairs." I find apatheist theists not inconceivable, "God exists but who cares?" Kind of like when you ask, "How many feet are there in a mile?" and I say, "The answer to your question is irrelevant because you should switch to metric. It is wrong to use imperial units for any purpose. And there are 5,280 feet in a mile." I can honestly say that I don't care how many feet there are in a mile, and yet I know the correct number. It sounds like Haskell just isn't your style, but you're saying that Haskell is bad for "real-world" programming. And it sounds like you've never really used Haskell seriously (just a guess, most Haskellers I've met get over their monad fixation within a few months, yet you describe them as "artillery"). If you like Clojure so much, why not go champion that instead of complaining about Haskell? Besides, if you use "how easy is it to implement 'memoize'" as a benchmark then you'll always end up choosing a Lisp. You can litter printfs in your code, you'll just get a lot of hate if you do it in library code that you share. It's fine when debugging to write a "debug printf" function using "unsafePerformIO". Yes, it mixes side effects into pure code, but that's fine for debugging purposes. -- totally OK! go ahead! it won't crash or anything! debugPrint :: String -> a -> a debugPrint s x = unsafePerformIO (putStrLn s >> return x) You could also implement a memoization function using "unsafePerformIO". No, you won't get a visit from the FP purity police for doing so, it's perfectly fine. Why? Using "unsafePerformIO" in a function does NOT mean that that function is impure. It merely means that the compiler will not inform you whether the function is pure or impure -- the compiler's safety checks are bypassed when you use the function. Here's how I'd type the memoize function: memoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> b) Notice how it gives you a pure function out. No need to do stuff at the runtime level, or write compiler hints. It just works. If you want to memoize some nasty function: -- Totally fine! Unless nastyFunction is polymorphic... nastyFunction :: Paper -> PublishedBook nastyFunctionMemoized = unsafePerformIO (memoize nastyFunction) If you're new to Haskell, don't write memoize yourself if you want a version that works with polymorphic functions as that requires some more advanced techniques. Most people who need a memoized function don't need a polymorphic one though. A couple years back I read a blog post with someone complaining about how hard it was to implement the traditional Lisp "map" / "mapcar" function. Specifically, one that took N lists and a single function with N arguments. The author was totally right, too. I could implement this generalized "map" function in Haskell, but it required defining an extra type class which is a little extreme. Of course, the real problem is that people who are new to Haskell expect to sit down and solve problems in the same way they've been solving problems all along. This author was used to the "map" function from Lisp, and wasn't thinking about whether it was necessary, or whether Haskell had a different way of doing things. Here's what the "mapN" function does: > mapN (+1) [1,2] [2,3] > mapN (+) [1,2] [5,8] [6,10] The reason that we don't want to use "mapN" in Haskell is because of the following problem: > mapN (+) [1,2] ??? The result is either "[Int] -> [Int]" or "[Int -> Int]", with no clue as to which is correct. This is why Haskell has "zipWith", "zipWith3", ... Not as pedantry, but because the alternative is ambiguous. (You can use Control.Applicative + ZipList, but that's a tad verbose). My conclusion is that Haskell's differences are what throw people off -- programmers have to relearn how to do things they thought they had figured out for good years ago. (In this case, "everything is curried" means "varargs requires type classes"). It's FINE if you don't want to learn to do things differently and I won't think less of you, I respect your choices for what you do with your precious free time, and I understand that you might want stuff just to work now without learning anything, just please stop stereotyping the Haskellers as a bunch of ivory tower PhDs. I'm not even done with my Bachelor's. The function "unsafePerformIO" is not a hack, it is the tool that allows you to write safe functions with the correct, pure type signature even though the compiler cannot prove that the function is safe. For example, suppose you write "memoize" without using "unsafePerformIO". Here's the resulting type signature: badMemoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> IO b) The resulting output has type "a -> IO b", but it doesn't actually do IO and it has no side effects! It's a normal, pure, referentially transparent function, and it shouldn't be in the IO Monad. The correct signature is "a -> b", just like the input. The "unsafePerformIO" function is a non-hack used by careful programmers to expose pure interfaces to code that uses impure constructs. See the FFI tutorials for more examples of using unsafePerformIO. (Of course, unsafe does mean unsafe... you can easily cause segfaults with that thing, you have to use it correctly.) True, that. For some functions, memoization in Haskell is dead easy. Like "fibs", which is generally a poor example function but it illustrates a technique you can use for dynamic programming in Haskell that doesn't work in strict languages: fibs = 0 : 1 : zipWith (+) fibs (tail fibs) Now, I don't know if this technique works for the function you're interested in. If you want something more general, you can do soemthing like: memoize :: Ord a => (a -> b) -> IO (a -> b) memoize f = do ref unsafePerformIO $ do m return y Nothing -> let y = f x in do modifyIORef ref (M.insert x y) return y That's just off the top of my head (probably has syntax errors, never mind the type checker), and it has a number of drawbacks. For one, the map will get larger and larger -- you could use a LRU purging scheme but that's more work than I'm doing today. It doesn't support polymorphic functions, this could be fixed with some extra care but because of the way "memoize" would have to work you'll need to know a decent amount about the Haskell type system. There, I responded to llimllib's ultimatum that somehow my conclusion was incorrect if I didn't personally know how to implement a memoization function. Can I have a cookie? That rant at the end of my post above was me venting frustrations, on a lot of Haskell forums I see people posting about how much they think Haskell is not the language for them and I think, "If it's not for you, can you go to a forum that's not about Haskell?" Be careful lest thou misunderstand the GHC runtime, which is fairly subtle. In Haskell, the semantics are unchanged if the runtime evaluates a particular thunk multiple times. Haskell is fairly unique in this regard. For exactly this reason, Haskell threads do not need to synchronize when evaluating thunks in multicore environments. Synchronization has a cost, and that cost can exceed the cost of duplicate evaluation. It's a trade off. I think you don't understand the Haskell runtime. let x = [1..] in do print (x !! 1000000) print (x !! 1000000) Element #1000000 (counting from zero) of the list "x" is printed out twice. The first time, "x" is a thunk. That thunk is evaluated, and the runtime stores the resulting value back into "x". The second time, "x" is a constructor, so it does not need to be evaluated. You'll see the memory usage spike after the first "print" to account for the million cons cells allocated. This is no different than the interface provided by the memoization function. What distinguishes pure from impure is not memory access -- memory MUST always be modified in order to perform calculation. I recommend reading the Haskell report section on semantics. This article appeared over at Reddit about a half day earlier: http://www.reddit.com/r/lisp/comments/cs94g/on_preferring_li... I was really hoping it was a reference to Tad Williams's "Otherland". I'm disappointed. (EDIT: because the title was so ambiguous. It would be nice to have titles that described their content somewhat.) Hm. I have the sudden urge to construct such a distributed online hackerspace. Moore's law is about transistor count, not about speed. The increasing number of cores on a single die is predicted by Moore's law. I would find it much easier to follow the article if the author used traditional mathematical notation instead of Clojure. Which do you prefer? (* t (/ 1000 w)) or (perhaps typeset properly) t * 1000 / w Check out GHC's new IO manager. GHC, by default, uses non-blocking IO exclusively and calls "poll" or some equivalent syscall to figure out which green thread to wake up. This is incorrect. You would need to find a polynomial algorithm for at least one "NP-hard" problem, not any problem in NP. And a polynomial, exact algorithm would not necessarily be superior to heuristics for relevant real-world NP problems such as 3SAT... what if the polynomial were O(N^1000)? "Although it is typically not important to know, it’s worth stating anyway that while you can access these file descriptors though the above paths they actually exist in the memory allocated to the program by libc." Incorrect. The file descriptors exist in kernel memory, and user code simply refers to them by number. (Sure, you have to allocate memory for the number, but that's not necessarily done by libc.) "In a large enough population of data, collisions [of cryptographic hash values] happen." True, but this does not happen in practice. Using SHA-1 as an example hash function, you'd need about 10^24 different files before you would expect a 50% chance of a collision. You are not going to come anywhere near this limit, 10^24 different files have not been created during the entire span of human history. I did a Google search for a SHA-1 collision and I thought nobody had found a collision yet, they had just found a collision attack in the 2^50-2^60 range. Of course, turning a collision into an exploit in this case would be challenging. (Preimage attacks ⊂ collision attacks.) In those same modern shells, "echo" and " At the time, the majority opinion at Unicode was "that's just a font problem" but you see, it was people from Europe who were pushing for CJK unification in the first place. However, there are some characters in CJK whose standard glyphs are so different from the Japanese kanji that they are unrecognizable to native readers. Language experts would look at both glyphs and say they are the same character, but most people are not experts. The lesson learned (since this is HN): If you are writing an internationalized application, make sure you use the right font for Japanese users and the right font for Chinese users. And this is one more reason why internationalization is hard, and just using UTF-8/16/32 strings is not good enough. I hope you submitted a bug against python-cheetah...? (This kind of thing is what I signed up for when I installed Arch.) I grew to dislike the AP style guide, which proscribes the final serial comma. Of course you may rearrange the sentence, "Kris Kristofferson, his two ex-wives and Robert Duvall" but then one wonders if they are Kristofferson's wives. Hm, really? I've heard some fair praise for them. I prefer my keyboard (it has brown Cherry switches) but the thin Apple keyboards seem a step above standard membrane switch keyboards (this is the catch) once you get used to them. I wonder if this is related -- it seems that people who wear shoes with less padding (or no shoes) are less likely to get certain types of injuries. With no padding, we strike the ground carefully. Wearing cushioned shoes, we strike the ground with full force. I like the driving analogy. It seems that whenever I'm working on a tough programming problem, if I decide to go for a walk I'll get a "eureka" moment within a couple minutes of going outside. There's a disturbing tendency for the eureka moment to be, "Aha! I don't even need to write this program in the first place." Resident here. These are off the top of my head, so I'll miss some. Food: I recommend the following two food carts for eating lunch downtown: "Ziba's Pitas" on SW Alder and 9th Ave (try the ajvar), and "KOi Fusion", whose location is posted via twitter at http://www.twitter.com/koifusionpdx . Voodoo donuts is open 24/7 and conducts wedding ceremonies. Tech: I second the recommendation for http://calagator.org/ . Powell's books is also a must, the technical store is now across the street from the main store which is convenient. Science: Your timing is unlucky in a sense, you won't be able to go to OMSI after dark (Oct 27, http://www.omsi.edu/afterdark ) or science pub (Nov 1, Nov 16, http://www.omsi.edu/sciencepubportland ). I'd say OMSI is one of the top five science museums nationwide, and the best science museum on the west coast. Art: On the first Thursday of every month (Nov 4), there are a bunch of art galleries and stands that open up in NW Portland starting in the afternoon and picking up in the evening. http://www.firstthursdayportland.com/ The Portland Art Museum is also excellent. http://portlandartmuseum.org/ Parks: Japanese gardens, rose gardens. Neighborhoods: SE Hawthorne ST and NW 23RD AVE are interesting places and friendly to explorers. The vicinity of NE Alberta ST has a disproportionate number of cool parties, but good luck figuring out when / where / whether you need an invitation. Music: The Doug Fir, Berbati's Pan, Jimmy Mak's, Someday Lounge, Backspace, Satyricon are just a few examples. The Doug Fir stands out, especially if you like indy rock. Go to Jimmy Mak's if you like jazz. Random: "Ground Kontrol" if you like arcade games. It is also a bar. (Someone mentioned Wonderland, which is cheaper, but Ground Kontrol has the classics and I don't think they serve beer at Wonderland.) Hmm, you've convinced me to take my precious savings (unemployed at the moment) and go out. Oops, I almost forgot. I'd like to mention "Japan Night" on Mon, Nov 8 at Portland State University's Smith ballroom. It's a big annual event put on by the Japanese Student Society. I think tickets are $10 for non-students. Support the local university students! (Disclosure: I am tangentially involved in the event, so I feel the need to advertise it.) To be fair, it was changed to "Free Rail Zone" after the addition of two new rail lines, and the buses now pass through downtown noticeably faster without the free passengers (or I may be imagining things). It's kind of a showcase of Japanese culture: food (included in ticket price) (reputed to be good bentos, unfortunately as I am involved I won't get any), dance, fashion, music. I haven't been before, but it's a popular event (~400-500 people) and I've been to the annual Luau put on by the Pacific Islanders club (which is a similar event) and it was a blast. Tickets should be available through the PSU box office, though I don't have better details with me. The JSS (student club putting on the event) has a lot of Japanese exchange students as well as anyone interested in Japanese culture, and has "contribute to world peace" in the mission statement. (I also saw "we are not the anime club" in some of the literature they had, if that gives you a better idea of what the club is about, and what kind of event they'd put on.) I object! The average person has less than one breast and less than one testicle. This seems like... total nonsense. I mean, I understand evolution, fourier series, closures, electron orbitals. But these words seem strung together in ways that make no literal sense, and the metaphors are so vague that they might as well be meaningless. Once upon a time there were some molecules. Bumping into each other, these molecules formed into larger molecules. Some of these molecules bumped into other molecules in such a way that the other molecules formed into copies of the first molecules. I don't see how this has anything to do with "periodic functions". And somehow closures "introduce this idea of 'time'." Time is merely the arrow that points towards entropy. Conversations like these are why I transfered out of a certain college. "Why is that?" Complex configurations have more entropy than simple configurations. Life causes entropy to increase more quickly. You can think of living beings as agents of entropy if you like, but that implies that entropy acts with purpose, which it doesn't. I remember having an argument at college with someone who argued that the laws of thermodynamics conflicted with the theory of evolution. So asked him what entropy was. He gave a bunch of different layman's definitions, such as comparing it "disorder" or "chaos". I wrote down for him, "S = k log N" and told him that if he doesn't know Boltzmann's equation, he has no business lecturing me on thermodynamics. This person also said that there was no natural process that created information. I wanted to tell him that the laws of thermodynamics, combined with Boltzmann's equation, and used in combination with Shannon's definition of information, imply that the amount of information in a closed system must always increase. Interpreted physically, mutation increases the entropy/information in genetic code. If you want to know more about entropy, talk to a chemist. Chemists have to know entropy or they can't do their jobs. As for the linked blog post, the idea of applying theories from evolutionary biology to the study of information is usually attributed to Richard Dawkins in his 1976 book, "The Selfish Gene". This is the book that coined the term "meme", and I recommend it. Well, I'm working on something real right now. It's a web application that works now but it's a total hack. I want to actually make it into something usable by others so a couple days ago I black holed Reddit in /etc/hosts. It worked so well I'm considering the same for Hacker News, too. There's the comment by "AgentConundrum" who argues that any method of limiting access to an addiction such as HN can be circumvented -- the simple truth is that you can't outsmart yourself. However, I see it differently. When I open a browser window and click the Reddit bookmark, it gives me an error. While I'm staring at that error message, my higher thought processes have a chance to kick in and argue about what to do next. I think, "Editing my hosts file would be an admission of defeat. I'm better than that." It's like the "brush your teeth" diet. You know, the one where you brush your teeth after you've had enough to eat. Whenever you want to have a snack, you think, "I can't... I just brushed my teeth. Snacking would undo my progress with dental hygeine." Both of these tricks are flat-out illogical. A hypothetical rational person would not be affected by these tricks. However, if you were a hypothetical rational person, you wouldn't need to change your behavior in the first place. This sounds a bit, well, stupid. It assumes that the only long-term benefit to knowing how to play the piano is that you can then earn money as a musician. Bull. He cites a paper that finds that learning Latin does not affect other test scores. He twists the results in this article by saying "X" instead of "Latin" -- which is dishonest of him, he should have quoted what he actually said in the other article. Numerous studies have found correlation with musical ability and math test scores, although I'm too lazy to look them up for a comment on HN. The other thing going on is that by practicing so intensely you are getting better at practicing things. That is an extremely valuable skill, or an extremely valuable habit if you wish to look at it that way. Now I don't have any studies to back this up, so take my assertion with a grain of salt. What's most sad about this article is how little he sees his own cultural bias. He says that playing the piano is a worthless skill. I don't see how that statement can be anything other than a value judgement about culture -- music is culture. He says "Cost-benefit analysis is not a Western prejudice." However, the particular cost you assign to training and the benefit you assign to the resulting skill is inherently relative, and his judgement that forcing a kid to learn piano is bad and knowing how to play a piano is worthless IS a prejudice. His main attack on the science of the book is that he says there's no evidence that parents have any effect on a child's personality. Let's assume this is true. So what? What about skills and habits? Aren't those important? (He mentions skills but not habits. I assume that you can give a kid habits, such as brushing teeth before bed.) It's also torturous to have to read how he discusses questions #1 and #2, which are presented up-front in the source material and don't really need 23 cm of article dedicated to them. Now I'm not one to say that Amy Chua's method of parenting presented in "Tiger Mother" is superior. I suspect I'd find "Tiger Mother" to be just another pop science book. But this cost-benefit analysis is a particularly unsound attack on the practice. I want to see evidence, one way or the other. Sadly, it's not likely to come any time soon. Not that I'm disagreeing with the article, but I find the statistical analysis to be lacking. The article cites the difference between seniors and freshmen as measured in standard deviations, which would be a good way to measure these differences — if you weren't also comparing them over time. 1 standard deviation in the 1980s, 0.5 in the 1990s, and 0.18 today. However, if you note that college enrollment increased dramatically over the same time period, it is reasonable to conclude that the standard deviation of test scores now represents a larger difference in skill than it did in the 1980s. How much larger? We don't know. Kernels should not have resource leaks. A web server that leaks memory implies nothing wrong with the clients, a kernel that leaks memory implies nothing wrong with the user space programs. It just means that there are cases that the kernel developers didn't think of, just like the people who made Apache didn't think of the Slowloris attack. Heck, a few months ago someone exhausted Linux kernel fds in just by shuffling socket pairs around (just 40 lines of C with three syscalls). These are problems, ranging from remote DOS attacks, local DOS attacks, to accidental DOS attacks. In Haskell, I can: x = 0:y y = 1:x main = print $ take 10 y Producing output: [1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0] Both, obviously. Yes, but... (int)Math.random() always returns zero. A little suspicious. Hm, I think your statements is too broad: "...the stuff a static language demands of us is really a limitation of said languages." You could apply it to some languages, like Java or C#, but the Haskell and ML folks have an entirely different view of static typing. As Haskell has proven, a good static typing system can make it easier to write short, clear code, correct code. And dynamic types are really just a kind of static types -- reduce a static type system until it has only one type, voila, a dynamic type system. I jest. I tend to think about it the other way around, as "These are things I can do in a static type system but not in a dynamic one," but never let it be said that arguing about type systems on the internet was a good use of my time. 1/10 would be a repeating number in base-15, 0.1777777... (Well, technically, 1/10 is not a repeating number in any base, but you know what I mean.) I'm not exactly sure what you're saying, but it sounds like you're saying bcrypt is reversible? It's not... it's "based on" a block encryption algorithm in the sense that it uses the encryption algorithm's key scheduling functions. Irreversibility is the intent. Each message is just a resource, and we have a fabulous protocol for transferring representations of resource state -- HTTP. "Just add a push mechanism et voila." Given how much better HTTP authentication is compared to IMAP authentication, as well as easy support for multiple streams, statelessness, etc... it's hard not to be sold on HTTP. Of course it's not that easy. But let's not go inventing new protocols when we can avoid it... The oft-stated advantage of UTF-32/UCS4 is that you can do random access. But random character access is almost entirely useless for real text processing tasks. (You can still do random byte access for UTF-8 text, and if your regexp engine spits out byte offsets, you're fine.) Even when you're doing something "simple" like upcasing/downcasing, the advantages of UTF-32 are not great. You are still converting variable length sequences to other variable length sequences -- e.g., eszett upcases to SS. Now the final piece to this is that for some language implementations, compilation times are dominated by lexical analysis. Sometimes, significant speed gains can be had by dealing with UTF-8 directly rather than UTF-32 because memory and disk representation are identical, and memory bandwidth affects parsing performance. This doesn't matter for most people, but it matters to the Clang developers, for example. Additional system speed gains are had from reducing memory pressure. Sure, we have plenty of memory and processor power these days. But simpler code isn't always worth 3-4x memory usage. Text is not simple. Give me a call in 2038. Note that it says "Unbuntu", not "Ubuntu"... This is really not the proper way to report a vulnerability. > "Temperatures there may range from 85 to 120 degrees with plenty of humidity," the AP adds. Well, that's two different stories entirely, depending on whether those are degrees Fahrenheit or degrees Centigrade. Before I take my vacation there, I would like to know whether the ambient temperature is high enough to denature my proteins. What makes you suppose that? On an abstract level, you can model blur and camera shake with a convolution kernel. You can then invert the kernel and get back the original image. As an analogy, imagine that someone gives you an audio file with an echo. You can subtract the echo with a filter. Camera shake is harder because of the extra dimension. (Of course, you only get back the exact original in the world of mathematics) Defocus (or "aperture blur") cannot be corrected by the methods they mention in the video. However, there are other kinds of blur you can correct. You can get the offset with JavaScript, at least.