I've played gloomhaven on it a few times. There's a plug-in that sets everything up for each scenario. It's not quite as easy as in person gloomhaven+gloomhaven helper, but it's pretty close "But its findings were wrong. Very wrong. And not just due to its questionable ethics or lack of concrete data — but because of deceit." https://www.vox.com/2018/6/13/17449118/stanford-prison-exper... The US isn't a democracy. Check the results of the 2016 election if you don't believe me.... You won't do any better than that. I think you've peaked. Interesting. From your link: Although few details of his life are known, he is regarded as one of the leading scientists in classical antiquity. This is what hysteria looks like. What a stupid fucking century. By 2016, we knew "Now they’re almost gone." was wrong.kinda hard to read the rest when the starting thesis is wrong. (I had no idea the British pronounced "pews" and "poos" identically, btw. Presidente for Life Xi must be horrified.) You only say that because you are desperate to believe there's more to politics than a villainous will to power Did i misread the article? It seems it only counts assembly workers. Shouldnt the costs for sales and marketing, management layers, store janitors, etc. also be included in variable capitol and the stores and buildings housing them in constant capitol (pro rata) Something has to be defamatory and expressed orally for it to be slander. Apparently, all the labeling should have been around libel. I am having trouble adjusting to a reality in which I am the first to express this quibble. https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/libel-vs-slander-dif... I went with a 90-year-old. Our wait was in a car with a nurse nearby. It also comes from Parkinson's Law: give a full-time employee only one thing to do and it will become a full time job, even if it could be done more expeditiously. It also comes from systems. They function to expand themselves, not to serve the purpose for which they were created. Some people can rid themselves of type 2 diabetes by losing weight, and obesity is a known risk factor for getting it in the first place. The tree-based approach works better with paper documents Or not. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_inversion#:~:text=The%20... . "Up until this point in history, the stock market has never been negative over the course of a ten-year timespan" that's true if you ignore inflation. In real dollar terms, accounting for inflation, you have to wait nearly 20 years--but only 4 times in the last 140 years. https://www.multpl.com/inflation-adjusted-s-p-500 It would get there quick enough in the United States if it followed the trajectory of their income tax Oh the horses of Szegad! That the series of their surety converges to 99.9%? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost_convergent_sequence My grasp of this advanced math relinquished long ago so I'm still not sure what it means. Lies, damn lies, ... It's not as bad as that graph makes it look. Last April, all the money that was in savings and money market accounts seemingly got transferred to the m1. "...the modification of Regulation D in late April has effectively rendered savings accounts almost indistinguishable from checking accounts from the perspective of depositors and banks. Accordingly, the composition of M2 between M1 and non-M1 components conveys little economic information." https://fredblog.stlouisfed.org/2021/01/whats-behind-the-rec... I imagine the temperature probably doesn't vary enough for a 1k household size area to allow for only 75% turning on the AC when it hits 32C I'm confused about the use of gender. Does it mean chromosome? Xx, xy, xxy,? Or how one socializes? We shouldn't separate by gender (which is irrelevant for sport performance using the "identify as" definition), but should simply use testosterone level: low, medium, high, based on highest level tested. It is really humid in Houston so 78F without some form of cooling is pretty uncomfortable. Plus, I bet they're used to keeping it at 70... Similar? https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.08.06.21261707v... There are few things more hurtful than someone telling you they prefer the company of Canadians. "As as for poetry, this is my argument for UBI. Go for it, IMO, poetry has societal value." I am a poet on the dole. I tell you, it is good for the soul. I forego prosody for perspicacity, smoke your weed and blow profundity. You could be me if you dared. Give poet your tax money, you declared. Case in point: On Jan 6, NPR published an article with a 10AM headline and timestamp about the upcoming Trump rally. Later in the day, they changed the headline to be something like "Insurgents invade Capital building", but did not change the 10AM timestamp up top. One had to read the article to find the update timestamp. Newsmaxx, and thus many if its viewers looked at the headline and headline timestamp and trumpeted "how did they know?! It's a conspiracy!" I had to look into the wayback machine to see the original headline to show to a relative who'd bought the Newsmaxx narrative. I'm not sure they totally believed or even understood what I was telling them, but I am certain it raised some doubt. All of that would was unnecessary, if only NPR had done proper change management on its articles. Are you thinking of the Hospital in Houston that fired staff for not getting vaccinated? Shouldn't have been to remove that army from the country of Korea? "proves" --that word doesn't mean what you think it means. The authors apparently didn't know about sturgeon's law Inflation used to include house prices until the 1980s where they wanted to quell inflation. An easy way to do it was to change the definition. Now, it includes something called owner equivalent rent, to include both rent and owning a house. The intent is to include a house prices in inflation indirectly. As a recent measure, https://calculatedrisk.substack.com/p/measuring-rents I thought it was a cute intentional typo Why specify non-currency? Doesn't Bitcoin provide a more convenient/less expensive way to send money between countries (or both). Those are pretty powerful uses. (I don't know money laundering and drug dealing are still more convenient in Bitcoin) "I married you for better or worse but not for lunch" Not sure who said it first. Small federal government. For some reason (1), small State government seems to be a entirely different concept. (1)I'm guessing the bribe money is better that way The first version I heard was maths professors becoming plumbers Monogamous for whom? Muslims hardly revere monogamy, though they draw the line at tetragamy for most. Sigh. I thought this would be about hair styles. Like Orlando. "Scientists who search for Planet Nine estimate that its mass is several times bigger than Earth’s... " So no. It won't be a dwarf planet. Almost all LPs were designed to be played in random order to the extent that the technology allowed. Anybody who's ever looked at LPs notices that there are smooth orbits between songs. That's so you can pick up the needle and move it to whatever song you want to. That does not mean that artists don't want you to listen to songs in order, but it also means that you can just listen to the song you want when you want. In the CD era, it meant that you didn't have to listen to 12 tracks of dross to get to the one good song the artist put on the album to sell it. I bet they had a big stack of 45s! Them: "I will only need 20 minutes for this. " Me: "I only need a few seconds. Either you are more perceptive than anyone else I've ever met or you or as arrogant as anyone I've met. Either way I'm not a good fit. Thank-you and good luck in your search!" IIRC, the facts have shown MBTI to be hokum Since education in the classics is nearly non-existent: https://youtu.be/kx_G2a2hL6U "Remember what punishments befell us in this world when we ourselves did not cherish learning nor transmit it to other men." "promote equity, inclusion, electrification," EIE is not enough; we demand DIE: " deuterium, inclusion, electrification"! I often get more out of the comments here than I do the article. I am grateful for HN, and you, though I do have other sources. My stomach turned at the euphemisms for assault with a deadly virus. I guess it's along the lines of minor attracted person. Ironical that a story touting how a miracle product was given away for free is not itself free. Value changes over time, sometimes quickly, sometimes slowly, but the value of a thing or service is not constant. There is a remedy, of course, but you may not appreciate the side-effects Firefox and brave worked fine for me on my phone. Maybe you're the victim of a bad device? Any thoughts on the color selection? Maybe the author could read Bertrand Russell's thoughts on motivation. Rivalry is a good, but not the best, motivator... I got chills when I read about the protagonist being too fearful of the wrath of the mob to publish his theory until after he got tenure. Reminded me of the quip that science advances one gravestone at a time. Glad someone caught it :) My preferred pronoun is "the majestic one with no time for the nonsense of gendered pronouns". It cannot be combined in a plural; I stand alone. "Autistic individuals are, on average, more consistent, less biased, and more rational than non-autistic individuals in a variety of contexts. (We use identity-first language, eg, ‘Autistic people’, as it is preferred by many people on the autism spectrum.)" Hmmm. What are they implying by that parenthetical comment placement? What would be even less fun in many places is to do the same thing with the cost of having someone else pump the gas for you. Citations? (I recall reading an article claiming this is what happened to the middle class about a decade ago, but I don't remember where or how trustworthy. It's hard to reconcile with the real lack of increase in real wages.) "shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves in three generations" All fluff, no stuff "ol' seven fingers" means "son, go to college." I'm pretty sure all non-profits are in the business of obtaining money. The most extrapunitive, other-blaming, people I know are sociopaths so I'm going with the latter explanation. Why not Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive:_The_Surprising_Truth_... How things have changed! Didn't we just see a white guy display as a black lesbian to get job offers? The author lost me at the capital T. "Focusing on weight—or health behaviors—puts the burden on the individual, deflecting attention from the more pernicious problem: systemic injustice." Sounds like when I was a kid and said "the devil made me do it". Taking responsibility for our (in)actions is a necessary prerequisite for being an adult. Some data points: the FIRE movement. How many people have quit working as soon as they are able? It is essentially the same question and the answer appears to be quite a few, with a few odd people who are unable to do nothing. My Kenmores from 1990 are still going strong. 2013 is still infancy. Or if they also added all the territories and extreme rendition sites! I think it's the natural consequence of several generations of telling kids their special and not curbing a child's natural self-centeredness. The comment above this is from CS Lewis. The contrast in morality is pungent. Are you referring to the qualified cis bipoc male who is being redlined? Sex vs gender is a legit disambiguation. Based on the recent post of a guy who said he represented as a black lesbian woman on his resume to get a job, verification is also legit. (There was also a recent study that said that 30% of Whites misrepresented their race on their college application.) I took the letter words from the enable2k word list, and calculated the letter frequency. It is not the same as it is for all English words. Doing a similar analysis on the enable2k word list comes up with a slightly different order: s e a o r i l t n d And with the actual word list from the game, e a r o t l i s n c "*years ago when I was young and foolish about surveillance" So I guess now they is just foolish? Like tobacco, sugar, whisky, and caffeine, brussel sprouts, cod liver oil, ... You're saying Gemini is the Judean People's Front? A difference without a distinction? It's a crime to vote in many countries without an id. From the paper We show that there exists a constant α = 1.942±3×10−3 such that Q(n) = ((1 ± o(1))ne^−α)^n Dunno what o(1) is. The human is not to scale if that's the Webb telescope. My 3a xl battery is at 91% design capacity(1), 3385 mAh, and is still utterly sufficient and far better than any other phone I've had. Hardly death's door... (1)As measured by Accubattery just now Nah. That's merely good work. STS-107-Space Shuttle Columbia, that's checkmate. As do scuba divers My brother is a dyslexic programmer and I had a coworker who was also for several years. They didn't have much trouble with code, but reading specs was a pain. I learned shorter sentences and more whitespace between them helped. And, of course, brevity. Have you seen the price of timber lately? (I know a family that opened a concrete plant in 2016. They are now multimillionaires whereas before they were scrambling to keep afloat) Mostly a vacation is not completely a vacation! How are the activities you listed a meta game instead of just a regular game with no Greek prefix? Thanks. I thought the game was ego satisfaction. 6.5 m across 5 hexes. The human is maybe 1.25 hexes tall. About 1.6m or 5'3". That's a dry short adult human. In summary: racism and slavery aren't the answers to all historical questions. Iirc, most of the immigrants of the 1800s came from northern Europe. Most will be happier with a similar climate. The growth of the South East didn't really take hold until air conditioning was popularized in the 1950s. Racism is endemic throughout North America (especially if you consider indigenous/native, or Irish a race). Slavery enabled larger farms in the inhospitable climate of the southeast and caribbean, but the existence of slavery there did not magically suppress immigration, the climate and subsequent economy did. I would guess based on what little I know of human history that it's a human trait but the response bwas focused on immigration to the US Given the large protests against desegregation in schools in Boston Mass, the formation of ethnic gangs in NYC, etc. I'd say you are very wrong. Your link is to episode #835 which I didn't see in the removed list.