I think your employer would find you to be a rather poor employee in that #2 situation. I don't see how "a reason to distribute it" is necessary. What if I just choose a completely random integer with 2000 digits and host it? I don't have any reason to do so, and it's certainly not illegal. Then someone comes along and generates a program that's equivalent to that number, or some digital media rights developer happens to use that number as a key for encrypting some copyrighted media. Does my original act of hosting suddenly become illegal, because I had no good reason to host the number in the first place? Being a C wizard doesn't mean you know how to implement a balanced tree. It means that if you understand a concept, like a red-black tree for example, then you can efficiently implement it in C. It looks fine, but I think I'll always have trouble finding a coding font to replace Consolas. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas They address the idea of building a non-hierarchical system on top of a hierarchical one. They argue that doing so is bad because it adds a layer of indirection to your data, and they argue that it's unnecessary since their non-hierarchical system can in fact implement a POSIX-compatible layer easily (so they say). I keep things fairly well organized on my file server, but I've definitely encountered times where my folder hierarchy is insufficient. Wanting to get away from hierarchies isn't just for academics and the disorganized. Here's two examples: I naturally have a Movies directory and a TV directory. Under each I have two directories SD and HD. Sometimes I may want to simply browse all the HD video on my system. Where do music videos (i.e. live concerts) go? They're certainly Music, but it's fair to imagine wanting to see them listed when I'm browsing through Movies and not listed when I'm browsing my mp3's. Add in tutorial videos for music production software (I have a lot of these) and it's even more of a guessing game. Every computer system that uses tagging is a counterexample. We humans think in tagging as often as we think in hierarchies, but I agree that we tend to think of hierarchies as more well-defined and organized. This tendency can be incorrect. I think it boils down to this: for hierarchical data, use hierarchies. I believe that files on a modern personal computer will almost certainly not be hierarchical, so it's not ideal to store them hierarchically. Videos, for example, may be movies, tv shows, screencasts, music videos, etc. Videos may also be standard definition, 720p, 1080p, etc. It's difficult to say, for example, which attribute should be the root directory for your videos, since it's reasonable to want to browse by many different attributes. A hierarchy does not apply to videos, but attributes could easily be represented by tags. To pick on a small part of your comment: Do any theoretical computer scientists seriously worry that a proof that P=NP would threaten cryptography? It's not like a proof would suddenly make an i7 able to factor huge numbers in polynomial time. Also, while all polynomial-time algorithms are considered "tractable" in theoretical CS, that doesn't mean that they're all practical on current hardware (nor does it claim to mean that). I suppose a proof that P=NP would still technically threaten cryptography, because if you assume that computer hardware performance increases polynomially with time you must concede that any given crypto technique will become practical to break after some amount of time. Why? Different axioms are just different, and they can't be argued logically because logic only follows from the axioms. The only arguments you can make for axioms are how useful they are and, more importantly, how well you think they reflect reality as you understand it. If one of his axioms is that not every truth has objective empirical evidence to support it, how can you formulate an argument against that? All you can say is that you don't see the world as operating that way, but you certainly can't use logic or reason to argue that he's incorrect. How do you think that makes me feel, reading that at midnight alone in my one-bedroom apartment? It's unfortunate that simple public key encryption, which has been easily available for many years, is still seen as untenable and "super-paranoid." Any email client, or better yet Gmail, could easily implement it and make it virtually transparent to the user (when both ends of the email are using such a client, obviously). The "value of money" for an individual begins to diminish quickly once it surpasses the quantity required to comfortably survive. If you make $250,000 a year, it would be reasonable to take a 2x-4x pay cut for a more satisfying job. If you make $40,000 a year that's probably not the case. The advantage of LaTeX is that is will yield CVs which look better than those from a word processor or HTML. The same is probably true of InDesign; both tools presumably focus on typographical principles (I've never used InDesign). The programming community generally likes LaTeX because of its technical workings, the fact that it's open source, and its associations with computer science (TeX was created by Donald Knuth). For comparison, my résumé (made with LaTeX, content very out of date): http://dl.dropbox.com/u/712576/thomas_shaddox_resume_old.pdf > Those forks may be best for Curtis at his dinner. Yeah, I think that's the point, since he's the author. Or are we still writing middle school essays where we have to explicitly put "I think" in front of every subjective sentence? It depends whether "disarm everyone" is meant to include exceptions government law enforcement and legitimate hunters. If so, then I do think most people (in the USA, at least) subscribe to one of those schools of though. And when humans first landed on the Moon, think of all the other people (not to mention animals) that landed elsewhere that same day! But the sensationalist media only covered the Moon landing. It's a pervasive cultural meme. How many times have you heard people talk or joke about "getting caught" or "walking in on someone" viewing porn? Have you ever been working on a friend's computer and joked about accidentally stumbling onto something embarrassing? Have you seen any of a myriad of comedy films which feature porn-related mishaps involving embarrassment? And then of course there's religion: as far as I know, all the major world religions condemn pornography. The travel bans constitute inappropriate discrimination in my opinion, but they don't imply a misunderstanding of AIDS transmission. People can travel to a country and have sex there. Won't this just encourage both parties to choose arbitrarily wide ranges, which would cause the first filter to always pass? This would just get us back to where we started, where someone has to say a number first. > Let me ask you this: say you want to check for guns and explosives before people get on an airplane. How do you do it? Do you really think that's a hard question? You just literally look for guns and explosives, and if you don't find any, there aren't any. Using a definition that simple, most people in the world are deeply sexist. I do. I think you're looking at this the wrong way. I don't think anyone involved in this thing, from da Vinci, to the modern builders, to the performer, to the audience, thinks for one iota that the purpose or destiny of this machine is to replace or diminish string musicians to any extent. I see this as an exercise in technology and history, and a celebration of what was certainly an innovative idea in da Vinci's time. Really, it makes more sense to think of the viola organista as a synthesizer or a sampler, invented centuries before the modern electric and electronic incarnations. On the more practical side, before synthesizers and samplers, this would probably have been a ground-breaking tool for composers. To be able to play and hear rough arrangements of string pieces (again, not to replace string musicians, but rather to easily hear a much closer approximation than any contemporary keyboard instrument could produce) would no doubt have been amazing for composers in that period. I can only imagine how frustrated Mike Rowe was answering those questions. It's a shame he's too tactful to scream "Maybe if you stop blaming literally everything on the political party you weren't raised as, you could spend a minute focusing on real ideas for solving problems!" > I expect that a fair portion of "We can't find qualified people!" is actually "We can't find qualified people for what we're willing to pay." Sure, but isn't that implied, since all companies have financial constraints? If you can somehow pay 10 million dollars a year for a software engineer, I'm sure you'll have a lot less trouble finding a great engineer. You're making a use-mention error. If you proposed actually committing theft/fraud ("use") at a business meeting, I think most people would question your ethics. But if you merely say the the true fact that committing theft/fraud could be lucrative ("mention"), I don't think many people would question your ethics. Of course, that would be an irrelevant and unhelpful thing to randomly say at a business meeting, but that's another matter. I've heard that a good way to gauge a person's general technological literacy is to simply ask "what happens when I type a URL in a browser and hit Enter?" Obviously, the question is deliberately open-ended, and any step in the process can be broken down into more detailed steps (up to a point). I'd like to see an article that initially shows high-level steps (e.g. DNS request, HTTP request, server processing, HTTP response, parsing and rendering), but allows each step to be expanded progressively with increasing detail. There's a saying that goes something like "Measuring the progress of developing software by lines of code is like measuring the progress of manufacturing an airplane by kilograms of mass." There still is (at least to me) a difference between specific illegal activity involving housing laws and simply any illegal activity in the apartment. Can you get evicted for, say, lying on your taxes from your apartment? And one campaign was to deny a group the legal right to marry, while the other was to kill thousands of people. Neither is particularly wholesome, but I think there is a difference in scale. > "There is no meaning of life -- and that's a great thing: it means that there's meaning in life." I find statements like this meaningless regardless of how many deities exist. I liked this one: SECONDS_PER_23_5_HOURS = 84600 I recently went through the later chapters of The Little Schemer again. I still find it incredibly challenging and awesome. As many have said, this is a great book to teach you to think recursively. http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/matthias/BTLS/ http://www.amazon.com/The-Little-Schemer-4th-Edition/dp/0262... Biking even four miles to work isn't feasible in a lot of weather. A common one, but undeniably useful: find a type of sock you like, buy a bunch of them, then throw out or donate your old ones. Then never sort those socks again. That's exactly what I use my iPad for. It's the perfect device for frivolous web browsing, YouTube watching, Twitter/Facebook, etc. I hope they're keeping detailed statistics, like how often each player wins a point on their own serve, which opponents are the best/worst against each player, etc. I feel like it stopped being "well played" when his roommate called him out and he just lied about it. At that point, there's nothing clever moving forward, other than the fact that he can apparently lie convincingly to a friend. Maybe that's just my "prank ethics" though. What I find interesting about science fiction is how difficult it is to predict technological progress consistently across different types of technology. For example, in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (written in 1966, set in 2075), space travel and colonization is much more advanced than it is in 2014. Artificial intelligence is also far superior. But digital electronics and computer networking are much more primitive. A portable audio recorder has only an hour or two capacity, and it transmits data by playing the audio sped up through the telephone. PCs don't appear to exist, and computer monitors and terminals are rare. There doesn't appear to be cellular phones or an equivalent. And there's no Internet. An AI system reads books with a scanner and a robotic page-turner. Still, $850 is only a little over a year of my Internet bill. I enjoy Asimov's tongue-in-cheek version: > Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. This is a great article. It's extremely thorough, and touches upon most the difficulties I've encountered in my (limited) experience coding JS on the web, as well as several I hadn't even considered. My only complaint, if it can be considered a complaint, is that the author doesn't address the real-life costs of implementing all his principles. The main one is the complexity of the server- and client-side architecture required to implement these principles, even for a minimal application like TodoMVC [0]. I agree that user experience is extremely important, and perceived speed is fundamental, but I certainly don't think it's important enough to justify the cost of figuring out how to implement all these principles, especially for a startup or other small team of developers. Of course, the hope is that tooling will quickly progress to the point that these principles come essentially for free just by following the best practices of whatever libraries/frameworks/architectures you're using. There was probably a time where the basic principles of traditional static web apps (resourceful URLs, correct caching, etc.) also looked daunting for small teams, but that's quite manageable now with Rails/Django/etc. (and maybe earlier frameworks). [0] http://todomvc.com/ I've got a slightly subtler but similar story. I had a math teacher in high school who would curve her test scores to the lowest top score from any one class. In other words, if she taught three identical 10th grade Trig classes in a semester, for each test she would take the three top scores (one from each class), and curve the test to the lowest of those three scores. It's a reasonable enough idea, I suppose, since different classes will have different questions and thus spend slightly different amounts of time on various parts of the material. The trouble was that she would not give over 100% to the people who earned a higher score on the test than the curve. Her tests were not weighted, meaning that Test-A curved to 85 points was actually worth less than Test-B curved to 90 points. (Supposedly, the then-new district-wide computer grading system couldn't handle such arithmetic complexities.) At one point, I received a score above the curve. Let's say I got 90 of 100 points, and the curve was 85. Later, when I saw my grades, I asked why I was only given an 85/85 on that test. She explained that she didn't give "extra credit," and she wouldn't budge. She would say things like "you got 100% of the points, so there's no reason to complain." I asked, then, if I could at least be given a 90/90, and she very confidently explained to me that 100% of the points on the test is the same regardless of the total number of points. She would not entertain the notion that a 90/90 is better than an 85/85, much less that a 10th grader might be able to correct an arithmetic mistake of hers. I even presented the example of changing a 100/100 assignment to 1,000,000/1,000,000 and noting the affect on the total grade, but she would have none of it. As you can probably tell, I'm still bitter about that test. This was explicitly not the case in this class. A test curved to 85 points was worth less than another test curved to 90 points. And honestly, even if each test was normalized to 100 points after the curve, I would still object (on ethical grounds, not mathematical) to not being given >100% when the test is curved to below my score. I find it difficult to believe that you truly have no preference between being burglarized and not being burglarized. I wonder if they had to make such an apologetic statement as well. FYI, that's just a trail name. It's a common thing for hikers to choose (or be given) a silly trail name. It isn't a specific personality quirk. > Judge Forrest told Mr. Urlbricht that “what you did in connection with Silk Road was terribly destructive to our social fabric.” That's one of the most ridiculous claims I have seen in a while. This isn't just about the effects of addictive drugs. I think most people agree they can be devastating to people and families. The trouble is that you seem to be suggesting that US drug policy in any way helps people and families affected by addictive drugs. I can't look at the war on drugs and see any remotely feasible interpretation where it's helping people affected by addictive drugs. Don't confuse the desire to not see ads with a feeling of entitlement. I fully support a website operator's right to detect that I am blocking ads and hide the content, or to make unblockable ads. I don't feel entitled to their resources. But if they do show content I'm interested in, I'll consume it. It's not at all a feeling of entitlement. It's pretty good. I'd rather not have a JS snippet tracking me at all, regardless of which domain it's on. I find recursion extremely intuitive, if not necessary, for pretty much any data structure with a bunch of things ("nodes") pointing to other things. That includes, most notably, linked lists and trees. I can probably work up recursive pseudocode for tree traversals pretty easily, despite not having studied computer science or doing it at work for several years, yet I find an iterative solution somewhat elusive and unnatural. Trees don't always call themselves "trees." They can sneak up on you. Nested lists, for instance, are equivalent to trees, and nested lists show up all the time. Perhaps your programming languages has some sort of recursive map function builtin, but a lot of common languages don't, and it really helps to be able to intuitively think about recursive traversal. I also consider the Fibonacci sequence as one of the textbook examples of a recursive problem. Even the English description of the sequence ("each new number is the sum of the last two numbers") is plainly recursive. To explain the iterative solution in English is rather difficult. Sorry, I just can't buy into the dripping sarcasm of emphasizing that it's only a forum. Yeah, it's a forum. Forums are big software applications. It's not unreasonable to distribute the forum backend with Docker. > I was forever stuck in a limbo of being just a "developer" while being paid as much as an executive but being excluded from every executive meeting and not even being involved in hiring for the team that would maintain the software I wrote on which the entire company depended. In other words, my dream job. Empirically, that's probably true, but probably only because functional programming is usually more popular with fiddlers and academics than with get-shit-done developers, so there's simply less time spent on improving developer experience. I can't think of any inherent reason why functional languages would have worse error messages. Elm prides itself in its (compiler) error messages, for instance: http://elm-lang.org/blog/compilers-as-assistants When you have a "nuh uh, YOU'RE the one that's fake" situation between two apparently reputable news sources, on a topic with which you have no personal experience or expertise, how are you supposed to figure out which ones are fake? The instances of so-called "fake news" that I have seen are quite easy for me to "verify" as fake with relative confidence: it's generally an explicitly partisan source with a shady-looking website making an outlandish claim that is not corroborated by any traditional news outlet. The situation you've just described sounds much more difficult for me to verify. Your description of the groups is oversimplifying things and isn't a very "fundamental" dichotomy at all. The key phrase is "silencing someone." There is a continuum of power that a private individual or corporation or government can have to "silence" someone. At one end of the continuum is an individual hanging up the phone when they decide they've heard enough from whoever called them. I think most of us would agree that this doesn't violate the principles of free speech, even if the caller was expressing valid ideas. At the other end of the continuum is a government imprisoning someone for their speech. I think most of us would agree that this violates the principles (and laws) of free speech, except in certain circumstances (e.g. falsely shouting "fire" in a crowded theatre). But there are cases in the middle of the continuum where things aren't so clear. If I run a small blog with occasional guest writers, a lot of us would probably agree that I can choose at will which content I publish without violating the principles of free speech. But what if my blog has millions of viewers? What if it has become more of a "news site" or "forum" than a "blog?" What if it's the largest such site in the world, and the only one with significant market share? Perhaps then many of us would accuse me of violating the principles of free speech, since I have significant power to "silence" certain people or ideas. No, Twitter is your neighbor's printing press. Your neighbor doesn't have to let you use it. I wouldn't call my previous comment particularly libertarian, although some of the claims seem to overlap with libertarianism as I understand it. Most of my comment is descriptive rather than prescriptive. I certainly think you're looking into my comment and find things I didn't say or imply, like the "private entities filling in gaps without restrictions" part. Really, what I'm saying is that there are two ends of the continuum that look pretty obvious and which I suspect the vast majority of people would agree with, but within the continuum things get less clear are offer more room for disagreement. From that essay: > 100% of the top 20 YC companies by valuation have the .com of their name. 94% of the top 50 do. But only 66% of companies in the current batch have the .com of their name. Which suggests there are lessons ahead for most of the rest, one way or another. To me it suggests that having high valuations may be the cause of having the .com domain. A more useful analysis would be when companies that are now successful got their domains. You probably haven't looked that hard. Somalia case studies are ubiquitous in libertarian (anarchist-leaning) circles. The general claim seems to be that, yeah, stateless Somalia is way worse than high-functioning governments like the United States, but better than its neighbor states and better than it was before it became stateless. Leeson's article is probably the best on the topic: http://www.peterleeson.com/Better_Off_Stateless.pdf Ruby on Rails easily supports arbitrarily nested resourceful routes, but they strongly (and wisely, in my experience) advise against precisely this type of deep nesting. http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html#nested-resources http://weblog.jamisbuck.org/2007/2/5/nesting-resources > If there was a benefit to breaking down a file rather than replicating it, AWS would be using this efficiency to provide a better service. Are you suggesting that AWS is doing every possible thing that would increase efficiency, or in other words, that AWS' services are optimally efficient? That seems very unlikely. > I don't believe that businesses should be allowed to discriminate against anyone who is behaving in a lawful manner. This principle doesn't seem very robust. Can a bar refuse entry to children? Can a cinema kick someone out for talking during a movie? Can a dance club have a dress code? I agree. Those examples have nothing to do with learning a new template syntax, it's simply the API of React.Component. Granted, there is still some syntax you need to learn for JSX, but it's very little. If you already know HTML's syntax, the only new things I can think of are the curly braces for using JS expressions as prop values (you also need to know what a JS expression is, lest you try to use an if statement), and spread attributes. Good point. I didn't realize that the native DOM properties are also called "className" and "htmlFor". My point still applies though, that this isn't a JSX syntax issue, your point is that it's also not even a JSX-specific semantics issue. If you can automatically detect sentences where adding "Could you" would make the author sound more tactful, then why not just mentally add them and assume that the author intended to sound that tactful? This is a slight modification of the principle of charity, something I think is incredibly important and underemphasized, especially for online text communication. On the first try? I would hope that hardware manufacturers don't take the engineers' first attempt and immediately go into mass production. I think it's clear that the author is simply referring to the odds of finding this program by trying random programs one after the other, not making any philosophical claims about whether the Universe is deterministic. > How is this any different from people who argue "That's corruption, not socialism"? It’s not at all different. In fact, state socialism and state capitalism are extremely similar systems. Surely most creators of SPAs are using some routing library, and I’m not aware of any routing libraries that don’t handle this anchor tag click behavior by default. It’s really a trivial amount of “responsibility” to take on. > In the meantime it's possible to insert emoji into text as :), smiley, -smiley-, smiley.jpg, ::smiley:: or whatever you want and the system you use is free to change it into a pictur Sure. It’s also possible to encode any non-ASCII text as ASCII as ::yen-sign:: or ::em-dash:: or ::cyrillic-capital-letter-schwa:: and implement your own algorithm to replace them with their intended symbols. We just happen to have one fairly widely agreed upon standard for doing that, and it’s Unicode. I don’t know anything about chemistry beyond high school (US public school) but presumably helium is the smallest single-atom molecule you’ll encounter if hydrogen is off the table. Yes. The argument is logically equivalent to "nothing can ever happen for the first time." I still don’t quite understand your argument. Is it that the vaccine’s side effects will be more harmful that its benefits when applied broadly to a population? It’s presented as an absolute logical argument of the form “you can’t use a lens to make anything hotter than the average surface of the moon.” > Although shades of Heinlein’s true political leanings – libertarian in the classic sense – ... Interesting phrase there. I would say his views are liberal in the classic sense, as in classical liberalism. I don’t think the term “classical libertarianism” is commonly used, but if anything it ought to refer to left libertarianism, a quite different thing. I don’t know anything about this particular case, but it is certainly possible to be a Nazi while claiming to be anti-Nazi. Yes, I won’t make any claim whether or not this guy is a Nazi. I have no idea. > It would be interesting if Trump suddenly announced support for single payer Medicare for all. Republicans would think it's the best thing ever and Democrats would suddenly be against it... I think you’ve got this wrong. I think that in most cases partisanship and hero worship is a lot stronger than support for specific policies. I think you’d find that people wouldn’t change their stated views on single-payer, they’d just reframe the situation so that they can continue to love/hate Trump and blame the other side for everything they don’t like. Look at bump stocks. I know staunch Trump supporters who have bump stocks and strongly oppose almost any form of gun control. Does Trump’s bump stock ban make them like Trump a little less? Perhaps. But it certainly doesn’t change their political affiliation in any measurable way. Same goes for those who oppose Trump. I’m sure they agree that the bump stock ban is nice, but do you think they’re suddenly “coming around” on Trump? I doubt it. Well, yeah, flat Earth is explicitly about Earth being a special privileged spot in the Universe. I used to follow libertarian (the American propertarian kind) communities online, and one of the recurring challenges to libertarians is "but who will build the roads if government doesn't?" Of course, libertarians have all sorts of detailed responses to this challenge. Now that I don't really follow or align with libertarianism any more, my response is simple: if government subsidized roads less, there would probably just be fewer roads, and that would probably be a really good thing. I’ll venture to say that “standards of living” are largely subjective, beyond some basics like access to food and shelter from the elements. Nothing wrong with wanting a big house with a big yard. Nothing wrong with wanting a tiny house or living in a van. That’s a great way to have even more competing libraries. https://xkcd.com/927/ I don’t know. I remember reading a thought experiment years ago which I believe was presented by and to libertarians. If you were a German who found yourself conscripted into the Nazi military during World War 2 and assigned to an extermination camp, should you aspire to kill as few people as possible without getting fired? The supposed reasoning being that you are “saving” lives, since if you were fired and replaced, your replacement would likely kill even more people. I suppose it’s supposed to be a challenge to consequentialism or the claim that the ends justify the means. Personally I think it’s a bit silly, and you just shouldn’t murder people. Do you have a blog post or something that goes into detail about your routine? It sounds interesting. Nor will anything else, I reckon. > They believe, wrongly in my opinion, that vaccines cause other medical problems serious enough to justify not using vaccines. To me, that's legitimate dissent. I don't get it. How is this any more legitimate than actually being a Luddite and saying "technology and modern medicine is bad"? Would you say that racism and bigotry against minorities becomes legitimate if it's phrased as "this minority group will give you a disease if you let them near you"? Because that's actually a pretty classic feature of racist propaganda. > 1) I doubt that an average user scrolling through gofundme would see and decide to support such a campaign, I'd imagine most of the funding comes from the links being directly shared That's probably true, although I really don't know why it's particularly relevant. GoFundMe probably doesn't want people funding anti-vaccine campaigns regardless of how they arrived at the web page. > 2) The above makes me think such campaigns will simply move to a GoFundMe competitor and be equally (un?)successful, effectively nullifying any changes How does that nullify any changes? There are a finite number of crowdfunding platforms, and this reduces the number by one. And of course, this is a particularly large and prominent one. > 3) Gives more attention + victim points to anti vaxxers I don't really buy the "don't give them what they want" argument. If they really do want press about how harmful their practices are and how children are dying because of their campaigns, well okay, I'm fine with giving them this desire. I think that they should be "victims" of de-platforming, even if that's what they want. It's theoretically possible to get the Streisand effect, where their platform is increased , but I highly doubt that's likely when you remove them from huge platforms with massive market share, like YouTube or GoFundMe. > 4) If their discourse is further pushed out of mainstream platforms, does it actually reduce the spread of their ideas or just limit their exposure to counter-arguments and public condemnation? There are probably some anti-vaccers who are genuinely mislead, but the prominent voices in the movement almost certainly are aware of the invalidity of their claims. I don't think we have any lack of exposure to pro-vaccine arguments. How is the eyeglass thing remotely relevant? People wear jewelry because it’s fashionable as well. The sentence is probably using “socialism” to refer specifically to social democracy (capitalism with strong state interventions to regulate firms and provide welfare) rather than the broader historical definition (social ownership of the means of production). Yeah, "extremely possible" is perhaps a poor choice of words, and could be interpreted uncharitably as a hedge against any outcome, but I think there's an obvious charitable interpretation too: that things that have a 20% chance of occurring turn out to occur around 20% of the time. No one would be blown away by surprise if I proclaimed "SIX!" then rolled a six-sided die and got a six, but that's even less likely than 20%. So it's reasonable to say that, if 538 claims that an event has a 20% probability of happening, and that event happens, no one should be astonished. Of course, such events ought to happen about 20% of the time, if 538's models are good. And that evaluation is precisely what 538 published a few days ago: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/checking-our-work/ If you have a surviving birth certificate, there's no reason it's not also very feasible to have a surviving immunization record. In my case, when I moved out of the house after high school my mom sent me with a photocopy of the original (handwritten) booklet. I still have the photocopy, along with additional records for vaccines I've gotten since then. This does remind me that I should digitize them. It would make sense that secretive military aviation projects would purposefully fly near unsecretive unsuspecting military aircraft to determine how detectable they are. It also makes sense that the military would publicly embrace the UFO narrative as a way to continue concealing their secretive projects. Or how about performing an action on the World Wide Web by clicking a button? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1-Click See also: most long-form journalism. I don’t think it’s quite as simple as you say. This isn’t something like “my childhood was tough, therefore I want everyone’s childhood to be tough.” Just because someone has paid off their college debts does not mean that the effects of that debt have ended. Obviously the effects of that opportunity cost still exist. That money could have been spent on other things, like a mortgage. So the idea of forgiving all current student loan debt without any consideration of people who are still living with the effects of their previous student loan debt is pretty crude, and I think there’s a strong argument for calling it blatantly unfair. I don’t dislike this challenge, and I don’t dislike code golf. What I don’t understand is the notion that compressing a 100MB Wikipedia file somehow requires an “intelligent” compression algorithm. If the challenge was to be able to compress any English text down to a certain ratio, then perhaps making the algorithm behave “intelligently” would be a requirement. But as far as I can tell, this challenge is asking for a lossless reproduction of one specific chunk of data, so it seems to me that we just have to hope that, on a given platform, there exists a 15MB executable that outputs that exact chunk of data. One might exist, but one might not. And you probably won’t even be able to prove the latter, because of the halting problem (technically it doesn’t apply with a computer with finite memory, but in practice no one will wait long enough).