I like how the examples were all, bar one, longer than the long-winded CSS it was replacing ... looks like a good compromise of SASS though. I might jump! Ever heard of Dropbox? Potentially obsolete with Unite. Ever wanted to share all the photos/videos on your 120GB hard-drive? Unite does that too, bye-bye flickr. Ever wanted to host online chat - it's already there in your browser now. Ever wanted to listen to your music when all the files are on some other computer? Relay via Unite, it's in your browser. Want to host web-pages on your local computer? Don't want to install a web-server .. no problem. Really I find it awesome, I think we've only just scratched the surface here too. A genuinely new paradigm IMO, http://alicious.com/2009/opera-about-to-change-the-world/ . Welcome to the Peerweb. say it with me everybody - correlation is not equal to causation I used to be a heavy EE user about 5 years ago (IIRC) enough so that I got a free premium membership for a month. Thing is now i can't even read the answers I gave to some questions as I'm not a premium member ... unless I UA-switch to Googlebot of course (that worked last time I was there). EE always frustrated me, like Launchpad Answers does now, in that people with no clue how to solve the problem would answer and then no-one else would bother because someone already answered (Launchpad is far worse for this as any reply (except "more info needed) marks the question as "answered"). /rant Because you think Google are stupid enough to use an easily abused metric like down-votes (alone) to decrease SERP rankings? Bounce-rate would be a better metric (and again abusable) and they already have access to that for many sites. I'm guessing you actually mean it covers running costs on a small amount of ads. A small amount of ads doesn't pay many wage bills* - I'm guessing there are a equivalent of a couple of full-time people working on SO? Doing backups fighting off crackers, ensuring trust metrics aren't abused, making optimisation changes, upgrading hardware, etc.. 500000 uniques but how many ad clicks? I'd imagine their clicks-per-impression is really low on this sort of site unless the ad is the solution to the problem. People are focussed not aimlessly searching, they're also probably the sector most immunue to ads - computer experts at work. I can remember finding useful stuff there, I even wrote some answers. I don't use it now (perhaps been thrice in the last year or so) and find better info elsewhere often. But it still has utility. Next worthless anecdotal comment please ... In the 80s? Really? You heard about domain squatting back then? Why didn't you do it? You could have had sex.com, microsoft.com, sony.com, ... Suck it and see. The cost to you is pretty low financially. Buy up 10 domains, perhaps in a related field, do your magic on them and see if you can sell any ... when you sell one buy 10 more. Rinse, repeat. Failure and the reasons for failure (failblog!) can be entertaining, interesting and informative. I think the idea is good but most failures will just be - "we ran out of money", "we decided to do something else", "a key person had a family problem and left", "we had a rubbish idea". Mind you even these mundane things could be good if written well. godaddy says $1.99 for new .com domains, .us are 4.99, etc.. It was a rough example: "Buy as many domains as your profit will allow until you have amassed a reasonable quantity and are selling domains quickly enough to make a business out of it" was the intention. Sorry, not quite catching you there, you do what to your computer? /sarcasm Yes that is one of the down falls, pretty major too, but if you're family wants to share from your computer they can just call, or you can look and see the connections are 0 before turning it off. I can also imagine a caching/on-line backup system (like Dropbox) - eg for your fridge notes. Peerweb is not the www they have a lot of overlap but this is going to change the way we use computers IMO. When I first came in contact with the 'net ('94) I didn't imagine that you could just choose a domain name and register it. I imagined that you needed lots of infrastructure to host a site. I reckon anyone who knew that you could just register sex.com and had used the internet would realise that this would probably be near the top of the most visited domain names of all time. Were domains expensive back then? Oh, when you say "not right" do you mean not ethical? OK, I've tried to look for the podcast. There are like 60 of them and they appear to be rambling conversations - can you point me a bit more directly? I do some web design. I wouldn't pay hourly for an initial website design & implementation. If you've got a designer/developer that is incompetent (or just out of practise) then they are going to take a lot longer and so cost more. Agree a price, technical problems are the designers problem. Admin stuff takes quite a lot of time in a small business, in my experience (3 small businesses so far). Also just doing the design implementation stuff isn't enough - you do have to get out and win the work. 50:50 sounds about right IMO. That's assuming he is doing inital design (graphical prototype, you'll need usability input here) and preparing graphical elements for the coded pages; as well as the up front promotion and sales. Kinda depends on what sort of sites you're doing. A heavy app with lots of DB design or lots of scripting would need more weighting towards you. A simple graphical "this is us" site the weight is more towards him (and you're probably better outsourcing the coding of that sort of thing anyway). FWIW And then one of you messes up on their part and either the billed hours total is more than the revenue or the client refuses to pay so much (depending how you're charging) ... what now? Also billed hours means that there's an incentive to work slowly to get a greater share out of the business. I was pretty sure I'd seen this before too but writewith isn't ringing any bells ...? I do have a terrible memory. But the tag-line then puts me off before I've started. Why wouldn't someone just use Zoho or Google Docs? I do like your handwritten-style annotated edits, but that doesn't seem enough. You definitely need to lose the mouldy pink though, with that heavy gray too, bleurgh. Don't take your design cues from hacker sites! Gray for the edit box parts that you're looking at all day, fine, not for whole site - it's bad juju! Your logo is the inverse of Zoho's - which appears to be an attempt to create confusion (or it will to a high paid lawyer) and is also that of Novell's Zen application distribution system IIRC, I think they have lots of lawyers too. Why didn't you choose "R"? fwiw who doesn't buy when they see a hero shot ... ;0) One can tell just from reading the headings that the page was not written by a first-language English speaker. This gives a low expectation of quality in the technical aspects of the site. All that text to read, then I have to log-in (no doubt waiting for an email) just to see visually what it does ... next! This is basically the attitude of the kmail developers - html email is bad. Who could possibly ever want to send a link or photo to someone in an email. Everyone should be forced to have green console text on a black background. Why can't they just use the IE8 rendering engine? obliged From the FAQ "all ingredients are on TSCA". I'm not in the US but when I look and see this means "toxic substances control act [inventory]" then I think: "toxic!!". Perhaps this is a common claim for US products but I think I'd just say all ingredients are safe and mention a safety certificate they bought^w were awarded. The whole "Are Zubbles safe" reads like "well not really but they're as safe as other things that are legal". As the stories are all about how his eyes were stained and he had to evacuate his house, etc., then the marketing needs to have a strong assurance of safety IMO. I don't think they achieve that. pwned Unless your facebook mentions your medical condition or your drug use?! If it's not true. Factory shutdowns are almost unheard of now it seems as we (in the UK) have no factories left ... oo, I used to have karma! Seriously this was my first reaction, as one of the first posters, Google were pwned. Guess I have to open a new account now. so if he could sell something for $5 and get one in 100,000 of the visitors to buy then he'd meet the ad sales ... freemium anyone? My dad taught me he wasn't afraid to kick me in the ass (actually) if I stepped out of line (figuratively). It was actually a useful lesson and helped me to reconsider my attitude to others and stop being a dick. SAT is an abbreviation not an acronym. It stands for SATisfiability, as in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_satisfiability_problem . The blog on P=NP doesn't appear to mention it despite having 3 posts tagged as SAT. Sometimes we don't realise we're using jargon or we don't realise the wider audience we might be addressing. Edit: Oops, must refresh before re-joining a HN thread. But the situation is more like me using a hammer to knock screws in and then screw makers changing the screws design so that it's harder to knock them in with a hammer because "they were never designed for that". There are a lot more tools for manipulating XML than just for HTML. Also I gather that operating on proper XML (eg XHTML) is less resource intensive. XML has namespaces allowing inline inclusion of SVG, MathML and the like. XHTML has RDFa to provide inline metadata (semantic web stuff). The XHTML transition seems to have failed mainly because IE6 would baulk on XML mimetypes and offer to download them instead of rendering. This just seems to be "XHTML is dead, long live XHTML5" ? There were a few blog posts about this a couple of months back but I held off. Looks like it's time to go back to HTML doctypes after 7 years or so. Should I be reverting to HTML? It's not a theory until it can make testable predictions. ubernostrum: "And even if they went Theora-only (which they're not going to do), they'd have to provide a fallback for IE, which would probably end up extended to Safari as well." I'm not bothered about the actual format shipped, let the market sort that out. What I want is to be able to publish a webpage with a video and know that all standards compliant browsers will play that media. Safari doesn't have to only use Ogg Theora, YouTube doesn't have to stop using flash. Keeping the openness of the web means allowing content creators a path to create content unencumbered by license disputes IMO. They should go back and specify it for HTML5 standard compliance and let Safari fail compliance. "Whoever agreed to the fox guarding the henhouse is going to have a lot of explaining to do." In an ideal world, in this one I suspect they'll just get a tanker load of money. It's execptionally good marketing: - our main competitor has problems - we've not had down time since 2004 - all the other offers being given you are from lowlife cretins They know how to place themselves. Everything the BBC codes that is not restricted by outside licenses should be available to anyone in the UK who pays license fees and wants it. Open Sourcing is hardly a great gesture when the public have paid for it already. We're talking mainly bells and whistles (progressive enhancement) via Glow not basic access to data. That said BBC produce a lot of content for the web that not everyone can get (people don't all have computers), several digital radio channels (not everyone has digi-radio), several digi-TV channels (a lot can't even get the signal, many don't have the hardware). So the BBC aren't worried about large scale access issues, why worry so much about obsolete browsers? "people can stop working jobs that value economy over safety" Yeah, people who don't want to eat or have shelter can do that. I'm guessing teeth can join well to flesh without rejection (mine seem good on this anyway) and also don't reject implanting foreign matter (filings, those little diamonds chavs^W people have, etc.) they're basically a bridging medium; an interstitial that avoids rejection. I have 2 gmail contacts (actually I think they're googlemail?) out of 300+. I don't really see any clusters. But then I don't have many geek friends/acquaintances and those that I do know appear to use company email addresses mainly. Well all compliant browsers will play the media, by definition, so the remedy is effective. Safari wouldn't fail compliance they'd suddenly find the time to implement Ogg Theora as a fall back and if they've any sense the chip manufacturers would be falling over themselves to offer an optimised stack to court Apple. Quid pro quo? Perhaps they fancy being partnered with Google? I'm both and neither. I'm pretty sure I'm non-24. Which would be fine if I didn't have to be awake at particular times and have kids to look after. "The funny thing is that Martins makes a public point of claiming that he doesn't do any "digital manipulation" on his pictures [...]" Is that for real? I'm almost certain that http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/LATEST_2-(F2C7... and http://www.capricehorn.com/images/wwwArtworks/The_Accidental... use the same mirror technique, albeit with foreground elements added (again digitally). However, he doesn't appear to claim not to use post-production digital manipulation AT ALL, no mention at eg http://www.saatchi-gallery.co.uk/yourgallery/artist_profile/... of that. There is a quote about this here, http://themorningnews.org/archives/galleries/topologies/ : "This is especially evident in “The Accidental Theorist” series. Most people assume that these image are manipulated. Or perhaps even staged. In reality, there is no post-production work, no darkroom or computer manipulation." But it's clearly referring (here) to just the Accidental Theorist show. That said the above 2 examples _are_ from that show and do appear to be 'shopped. Yeah, I saw a unicorn yesterday. Unicorns totally exist. I bet they've bred with dragons by now and can totally, like, breath fire and stuff. Perhaps Google failed to capitalise on it because the price they're charging is the most anyone is prepared to pay for online office applications. What is Google Docs missing that you think MS can do so well they're going to win market share. Excuse my skepticism but I'll be watching this only to see what idiocy MS has built in - requires silverlight to enable doc viewing / interstitial NSFW advertising in business documents / only works by using ActiveX / trys to install a Bing toolbar in all browsers before it'll work / relies on proprietary javascript extensions / uses 4GB of memory ... place your bets. It says in the article they're going to release information including customers favourites .. that's personal information - they'll need individual permission to do that. You can imagine the headlines "Tesco.net confirms MP for Basingstoke is sex fiend" when the favourites show the married MP that is away from home all week buys 20 condoms, 2 packs of lube and a copy of the Gay Times every week. That picture of a lion is definitely not a picture of a lion, no-sirree. You can do the same sort of thing with roman letters making them pretty impervious to OCR too. Arabic does appear to be designed more as an art form than as a script though. edit:typo and yet they have so much whitespace in the chrome that they could have easily fitted a compact file menu in. Sure, make it look as good as you can, but whitespace is not as important as screen real-estate in browser chrome. I'm guessing these are designers not engineers - the same sort that go for unreadably small fonts to make things look slicker. hacker news needs to allow mathml! reminds me of the system that Prof. Stephen Hawking uses. Also it seems there would be some benefit of acceleration at the word and phrase level by using a system like the awesome bar. You want to analyse the persons own output and prioritise phrases based on that. You could also have a top phrase list - "where's my drink" "i need the toilet", etc. could be highly optimised that way. didn't work for me, but then i am using links2 the FF webdeveloper extension is the one I find easiest for live CSS editing - though I'm using firebug more and more - it doesn't have comment toggling (it's just a text field). Such tricks are handy. Unless you're trying to work them around CSS comment hacks! Suppose it depends on whether your normal language is rtl or ltr? All of the pages (that I checked) look pretty minimal for me - I'm using links2 to browse at the moment. At least one, #12 IIRC (no tabs!), is using /#pagename for page links; presumably for SEO but giving nothing for non-javascript users. I guess if you're after an accessible site then you're not going to go with them. Are they better than google at search (which is what I think you meant)? Can they scale what they have to serve the number of SERPs that Google serves? Can they do that cost effectively? Can their algorithms produce as useful results in the face of "optimisations" by 10's of thousands of SEO/SEMs across the globe? I'm guessing no. My wife makes the most awesome gingerbread men (and brownies) but that doesn't mean she can put Greggs out of business. Still props too them, they're doing something awesome. You're starting your rebuttal from the wrong point. Those who earn more are indeed contributing more tax. But why are they earning more? Is it that their contribution is worth so much more to society? Doubtful. More, perhaps, that much more, unlikely. For example in the article the guys earning 30million a year (10% of their gambling wins) are only able to earn large amounts because they're on a buoyant market. It's largely random fluctuations - they win for 15 years and then lose it all (except they don't personally lose of course); others win for 15 days and lose it all. So, the guys paying the most tax, the investment managers &c. are adding little to overall productivity (except some lubrication which could be provided without the ineffecient losses of traders wages) but are creaming off inordinant amounts of wealth from the top all the time simply because of a mathematical glitch -- if you waited 100 years and analysed the gains of any investment firm I'll guess they do marginally better then inflation but extract far more worth for the traders. Those doing productive work, even the highly paid Harvard professors are earning pennies compared to the investment teams. So are the investment managers pulling their weight in society by creaming off the wealth by gambling with other peoples money? I don't think so. Capitalism means the rich get richer, some clever people manage to use other peoples money to be rich first. The rest of us are being suckered. I'd have to re-read to be sure but I don't think Prof Dershowitz was commenting on salaries at all. The salary of the professors shouldn't be linked to the Uni's investments. The Prof to me was saying that if they'd been less inclined to blow all the money in the rich years then they'd have the reserves needed to tide themselves over the lean years without having to dick about with peoples salaries, etc.. Also, them overspending 100Million on a building has got to bite a bit when they then announce they're going to cut back on your breakfast. $100Mil buys a lot of breakfast. I actual appreciated the historical background, the information about the Management Company, the loose focus on the main issue, the commentary and evidence gathering. It is a complicated situation with multiple reasons for the failure and with wide ranging repercussions, I paragraph wouldn't real do it. If you want the executive summary then - Uni financial managers got rich, bailed, made greed based short term decisions which when recessions came wiped out most of the financial reserve; other managers locked up the rest in assets with poor liquidity. Easter Bunny Thanks for the downlinks I'll be here all day. I think it's called "attention grabbing" - the reason they're mentioned is to sell newspapers / gain viewers for the ads. 99% accuracy is not exactly great either. -1 = false, 0 = unknown, +1 = true On the joke front people here seem to take a dim view of anything that might be frippery. Touch/e. Capitalist economics is pretty useless as a theory, if it doesn't work in practise then it's no use. Define "work". The purpose of capitalism AFAICT is to make money for wealthy capitalists and it does a pretty good job at that. The social fixes added by governments to avoid the capitalists destroying the workforce (eg social security, min wages, health care) are the only reason it can continue. And now of course we have the bailouts, without which the capitalist economy would be dead already rather than groaning in death pains. I'm pretty /au fait/ with the concept of borrowing to leverage larger sums of money to optimise efficient growth - floatation works IMO only if those buying have altruistic reasons as well; everything is too open to abuse from the big investors. Efficient allocation of resources is not the net effect IMO. Another example, I can see how you want to mitigate against changes in currency destroying your profit on a large / long-term cross-border project by ForEx deals, but this isn't only how ForEx is used. I don't see how gambling doesn't encompass a naked-short-sell (say) unless you have opportunity to influence the market by some insider trading, which is both [normally] immoral and illegal, or predict the market by being privy to some deals before they are made (as in the recent expose of the NYSE network being sniffed). In the same way that "eat food" is a lesson on wilderness survival. Or the way that Schrodingers equation tells you all you need to know about Quantum mechanics. The rest is just commentary and examples. The lesson is a clever device by the author, he pwns marketing 101, but is "to grok economics consider future global effects" really that inciteful? Seems to be a nice book though. Minimum wage only means those below that wage become an increased cost to their employer. It doesn't necessarily mean that the highstreet price changes. If the market won't accept a higher price then the employer simple absorbs the cost and lives with a couple less refuelings of their private jet that year. That could potentially hurt the oil companies slightly but they just decide to cut production and charge more. The refuelers get an extra tea-break. If the price does go up then for commodities the gross profit of the owners is likely to increase - who buys less bread because the price went up by 0.0001p to account for minimum wage (rounded up to 1p, guess who gets to bank the rounding error!). Moving on. In an anarchic society (no government) "private security firms" do enforce law and order. The problem is that the law is "whoever is strongest (has most weapons, most money to pay their army) wins". That's it. Out of that grows a feudal system. I'm quite glad that Christianity took hold of those in positions of power and brought us beyond that. But do feel were sliding back in that direction rather. I read the thread (didn't understand most of it) but Torvalds describes Cox work as "crap" and tells him "you're full of crap". Way to stick to the technical merits there ... That's some attitude. Things made in the same place aren't necessarily made to the same standards. I once packed strawberries - for the major supermarkets in the UK and for M&S in the same packing line. The M&S quality standards were higher, we removed more "uglies" and used more evenly sized strawberries. The point: same line different production values. Reliability trumps innovation if people want to use the same stuff for a long time. In the consumer market it seems it's all about new stuff. People chuck out perfectly serviceable items because there's a new model they want. Which companies would bother to make a reliable mobile phone or computer for the mass market. The facade of innovation works for larger items too. Why create a vehicle that lasts long after the 5 year bodywork warranty when you're just reducing your market. Entice people with the new model, make sure your goods don't last too long - that appears to be the capitalist way. That's good I might use that on my blog - don't like this horrible, barely readable colour scheme; subscribe to my mailing list or feed and get the content in a readable format! Sounds fun, no indication of cost to make it though, nor details of the dealers he used to get all the parts on the internet (and not have to talk to!). Perhaps they roll a die [dice] to choose the colour to dye [dying] their T-shirts before they die [death]? If I didn't a typo or grammatical error make I'll be amaized. EmployeeTheft.com ? No, I didn't assume you did. My comment was partially tangential (now there's a geeky oxymoron). I'd have thought that the security services, NRO for example, have software that receives scans of paper strips and does edge matching to reconstruct the page. It doesn't seem too hard algorithmically (to this non-programmer) to do that, something like: take all strips and analyse them for position of edge markings; take all edges and compare the edge-marking positions giving a matching score by pair, match up the best scores and display to a user for final arrangement. If you were looking at fragments of paper I'd probably go with a letter matching based on pre-analysis of the font used (by machine). use the letter matching to arrange the fragments as if they were strips and proceed from there. I'd be amazed if such things don't exist. We shred and compost if more security is needed. The article is clearly simplifying. Whether one believes the particles actually exist or whether describing them as particles is simply a convenience probably relates to whether one believes in an actual multiverse or that the Copenhagen interpretation is simply a method of understanding. The spin and charge in question, as the article notes, are gauge invariant. I hope those bananas are fairly traded? How about locally hand-built wooden furniture from sustainably managed forest - it sequesters carbon and provides often beautiful goods is relatively labour intensive (good for employment figures) and preserves traditional skills. Well managed forest will preserve the natural living environment of many species. Bonus points if the carpenter eats a low animal-protein diet. If you come across someone with major arterial bleeding and apparent internal bleeding then do you attempt to stem the external bleeding or do you just leave them because you can't do anything about the internal bleeding. Personally I'd apply first aid and call an ambulance, others it seems would counsel that I leave you to die as one can't immediately solve the whole problem. Do your bit for sustainable living short-term and use your vote to progress long term solutions. Use your consumer power to promote good governance by businesses. How realistic was the original energy target? Did they oversell it? I don't think that they'd have gotten the funding to go only as far as 5x10^12 eV. That may be 5 times higher than the tevatron, but the results are simply going to be, shucks we needed another trillion eV, lets create another largest engineering project and physics experiment ever. Gah, the internet ate my thoughtful response: PD doesn't protect your right to be named as author, IMO that moral right should be protected as it is in the Berne Convention. Copyright [supposedly] ensures that works move into the public domain. The problem with copyright is that the terms should be of the order of 15 years, not life + 70. Without copyright books would simply not be edited - editorial staff couldn't be paid as on release an opposing publisher (lulu?) would simply grab the book and publish an identical but lower cost copy. The first copy sold would have to assume the costs of the entire production, authors, publishing staff, printers, machinery. Bands would probably still fill venues. But songwriters would be working for free as they could never demo a piece without "spread[ing] it". DRM and contract law would fill the void and IMO less pieces would ever eventually enter the public domain and the arts would no longer provide most of the careers it does now. A painter may still sell pictures, but a photographer could only sell each one once. Any advertiser could use your personal picture if you published it online. Anybody could claim your programming library, not only for free, but as their own if they could access the code in any way. Copyright is not _all_ bad. But, if you've published that work once, eg on the internet then you can re-publish the same work when another party comes up with their own version (AFAICT). So when AP publish their equivalent of your prior published phrase you simply re-publish that identical excerpt - you've haven't copied from them you've simply taken a timing queue. You need a good date on your copy, I believe you are still allowed to register a work with the US government, so that would do, or get someone like archive.org to take a copy for you. What could AP do? You might also try for prominent publication of your word lists so that you can argue that AP copied you based on them having the opportunity, but I don't think you'd swing that one by a long shot. This is absolutely not legal advice by any stretch of the imagination! It annoys me as much when they don't bother making a character encoding declaration and there are placemarkers all over. Can't view all the details from this browser - don't the handle bars project outside the wheel cicumference, or can they be folded further? Personally I think the emphasis on folding bikes which seems to there appears to be at the moment is wrong. We should be looking at properly connecting the bike with mass transit - trains and buses that are easily accessible for bikes/cyclists. "Kind Regards" is pretty common in English English, find this often on business missives. I often use "sincerely", but never "yours sincerely" - I'm sincere but I'm not the chattel of the recipient. No, you're not copying those short phrases from anyone else, you wouldn't need to filter them out. This is establishing a point for yourself where any 5 word phrase from now on can be published by you relying on your own publication as a prior source. How quick and accurate is image matching? They can recognise the sleeve quickly but not, it seems the discs. OCR-ing movie titles from discs would be near impossible with any degree of accuracy. Is there not a unique code/barcode around the central hole on the back though? Or could they overprint a barcode? Wordpress, Joomla, etc. seem to have no problem with this. I've implemented FCKeditor and TinyMCE without issue. There's content-editable now too, which should make things simple: just mark a section of text as editable, edit in the browser and resubmit the page back to the server (nope not tried it yet). "any version" - hmm, really? You should be coding to standards compliance first, not to MSIE, perhaps that's the issue?? One of my bugbears is agency created emails that are sent direct from the agency servers or include agency links for tracking. My relationship is with your business, keep them out of it (or at least out back where I can't see them). The current link has a menu with a huge list of drugs links in it, presumably why they didn't link direct. Perhaps the site was hacked or maybe not. I'm using a text based browser, I'm guessing those links are hidden normally. For which website? "[...] how [IE6] is making the web a terrible place". I can't really understand you. You're saying IE6 isn't terrible despite it adding so much to project development and costs - it's not so bad now all the bugs are categorised and things like IE7.js (javascript DOM manipulator to fix lots of IE bugs) are available. But back in the day IE6 prevented us from using the latest techniques available in the other major browsers and caused me (and I'm sure thousands of others) many hours of trouble. I'm using links2 here - we're not talking about not serving someone, we're talking about ditching IE6 as part of the category A line; if they get the majority of info then that's fine don't worry about visuals being exactly right, etc.. Microsoft was evil with IE6 (couldn't they have just told us about hasLayout from the start), they've been forced by the likes of Mozilla to get with the program and now IE8 is quite a good browser with some innovation too (but they should have done PNG like everyone else, what is it 12 years they've failed to get PNG right - a browser that can't even display an image properly after 12 years of dev from the biggest software company in the world ... I mean come on guys, I digress). A little learning can go along way. Do the same people take their 1985 Datsun Sunnys to the garage and complain that the radio doesn't get digital and it doesn't get the speed and comfort of a Bugatti Veyron. If your business still has lead pipework or asbestos ceiling tiles then they need upgrading. If it still has "made for IE6" web apps they need upgrading. doesn't work in links2 either ;0) I like the guardians "figures behind the story" stuff, really nice. But it does show they're relying on a percentage which means that if the overall percent of 15-24 yo using the net has increased then the absolute number using SNS (Social Networking Sites) could have actually increased. Also, the figures look pretty bogus, apparently 22% of people age 15-24 have their own website? (this is not counting blogs or SNS, eg MySpace). I don't know a huge number of people in this age bracket but none have their own websites. Isn't that a 5% drop of 15-24 yo _online_ that are using SNS. So an increase in absolute users would create a decrease in %. It doesn't fall into any of the fair use exceptions. The USA fair use exceptions are far more liberal than in other jurisdictions. Simply because the use was not anticipated in the creation of the work doesn't mean that you are free (libre) to do it. Is it parody? Is it educational? Is it news reporting? Is it an insubstantial part? No, not "fair use" in the UK. In the US there's the notion of the use being incidental, which definitely works for documentaries but I think you'd be hard to swing it in this instance. With a good lawyer he should be able to win that case IMO. This is not legal advice, I'm not a copyright lawyer. The empirical data only tells you that your mass result is variable. It's your theorising that suggest as a hypothesis that the lake's current volume is perturbing your measurement - which you then show to be consistent with the rest of your theoretical framework by experiment. I wonder if the bounds are such that someone walking along the corridor will affect the measurement ("yo momma so fat she perturbs the expected measured mass of the Z-boson!"). What's the relative gravitational attraction of, say, Jupiter versus a nearby train. A great insight. I'd say using the USA flag will disenfranchise Brits (to varying degrees) - we're generally annoyed when those in the USA assume everyone reading an English language page is centred in the culture of the USA. Or at least that's the impression I get. Personally I'd try and go for a dropdown list of language names in that language - probably choosing the default selection from the UA string or the accept-language; then keeping the language setting in a cookie. I have a little more faith in the mathematicians of GCHQ than this. Indeed I suspect that in at least some of these cases (which according to Sir Christoper relate only to child endangerment, domestic abuse or terrorism) GCHQ could decrypt the contents themselves but wished not to reveal that fact to terrorist groups that want to blow us all [in the UK] up.