Bringing the Google ad network to old media "will be a real challenge," says Greg Sterling, an independent analyst at Sterling Market Intelligence. "The ability to serve a relevant ad against someone's query is one of the great innovations of the Internet, and it's not transferable to other media, where people are more passive." Unless you acquire a lot of bandwidth and put yourself in the middle of the media stream... The president of Evans Data doesn't know that "data" is plural? It has become common - acceptable depends on your willingness to cede precision and expressiveness in the language. And it doesn't inspire confidence that I am more pedantic about this than the president of a company the name of which includes the word "data". I wouldn't have suspected video to be the optimal medium for displaying the contents of a notebook. And I think I would have been right. usenet? There were plenty of automobiles around in 1965. I think they even had helicopters way back then. Maybe competition between roads would reduce the time spent at tolls. Also, presumably, unmanned toll booths would be used. You may currently be spending more than $1400 to the government to pay for government roads. With competitive incentives in road placement and size, you might save more than enough time to offset the transaction costs. You seem to be asserting that consumers are not better off with the airlines deregulated. Although I hate air travel and everyone likes to complain about it, I don't think you can argue that, as government has been removed from airline regulation, air travel has become vastly more cheaper and available to more people and that it is possible to reach many more locations by plane. Similarly for another high fixed cost industry which you cite - telecommunications. Free markets might not solve everything, but they're almost always better than the alternatives. As examples of the alternatives, consider the postal service, government-run schools, Medicare and welfare. It's hard to know. Presumably the system would look different today if the government had not distorted it in that way. Perhaps if market incentives were allowed to operate instead of the land being taken, we would all be flying around in the jet cars we expected. That's great if everyone agrees to put nostrademons in charge. Instead what you get is: "When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of schoolchildren." -- The late Albert Shanker, former president of the American Federation of Teachers, 1985 http://www.unitednuclear.com/aerogel.htm But currently out of stock. They have plenty of other stuff you're going to want, too. "The heating has improved significantly. I turned the thermostat down five degrees. It's been a remarkable transformation," he said. Wow. Really good insulation can make 65 feel like 70. I didn't ask that question. But the point is your solution requires putting/keeping the government in charge of education, just like we have now. Once the power is given, all kinds of interests become involved and people like Albert Shanker participate in how kids are educated. I'd prefer to let parents decide how best to educate their children. The entire system shouldn't be designed to accommodate the outlying parents you fear who don't care about their kids. You sound so sure. You don't think if the enormous amounts of subsidies the government had spent on airports had instead been allowed to flow to alternative transportation modes or energy research, things might be different? He seems a little confused about whether the benefit of capitalism is that the fittest survive so that the failure of the unfit benefits the entire system or whether employing people to pursue ideas which fail is good in itself since it stimulates the economy. The latter would be an example of Bastiat's "broken window fallacy" ( http://www.econlib.org/library/Bastiat/basEss1.html ). http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=45984 By clicking "details", you can see the voting for posts for which the total is not yet displayed on the main page. How does Pantone make money? 0.69 vs 0.7? If that precision reflects accuracy, how did they get it? Why? The oscilloscope has an x and y input to control the spot and it's controlled by the sound card output. I'm curious to know what about the explanation you don't find believable. Wow. The Gap thinks that its new offerings in other sectors will appeal to an old customer? Is he also astonished that The Gap has spruced up its product offering for the fall? She's only 13 in human years, though. How come Rhapsody isn't the solution to all their problems? The price is low enough that it isn't worth it for most people to go to the trouble of stealing the music. Portability is an issue, but maybe that's solvable or has been addressed already. But, with Rhapsody, you don't have an equity interest in the music to begin with. The whole investment is the intellectual one in your playlist, which you can keep. At worst, if you discontinue Rhapsody, you could go and buy the music to replicate your playlist if you feel the need to own it. I would be more concerned about the potential obsolescence of my investment in music in a physical medium or a particular file format. Another video: http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=61204&videoCha... No screens? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=48104 >Save your money on the fancy-shmancy hybrid, and buy a diesel car, and fill 'er up with biodiesel. It's carbon neutral, totally renewable, and requires no special modification to your car. If only it wasn't destroying the rainforests: http://www.newscientist.com/article.ns?id=mg18825265.400 The real story ( http://nostalgia.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Proteus_Steinmet... ): In the early years of this century, Steinmetz was brought to General Electric's facilities in Schenectady, New York. GE had encountered a performance problem with one of their huge electrical generators and had been absolutely unable to correct it. Steinmetz, a genius in his understanding of electromagnetic phenomena, was brought in as a consultant -- not a very common occurrence in those days, as it would be now. Steinmetz also found the problem difficult to diagnose, but for some days he closeted himself with the generator, its engineering drawings, paper and pencil. At the end of this period, he emerged, confident that he knew how to correct the problem. After he departed, GE's engineers found a large "X" marked with chalk on the side of the generator casing. There also was a note instructing them to cut the casing open at that location and remove so many turns of wire from the stator. The generator would then function properly. And indeed it did. Steinmetz was asked what his fee would be. Having no idea in the world what was appropriate, he replied with the absolutely unheard of answer that his fee was $1000. Stunned, the GE bureaucracy then required him to submit a formally itemized invoice. They soon received it. It included two items: 1. Marking chalk "X" on side of generator: $1. 2. Knowing where to mark chalk "X": $999. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=59195 Short version: For a technical job, interviews with the technical people are what matter most/exclusively. If you want trivial advice about how to find out about the company from the unimportant interviews, read the whole article. To what prices are you referring? Computers, VCRs, air travel, refrigerators, TVs, dishwashers, books? People today can buy more of almost everything than they could 20 years ago. Why (or why not) US health care is so expensive: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=63646 What we need is the iCleanSweep to eliminate home invaders and clean the floors. Scale in what sense? The stated motivation for the invention was to provide small amounts of power. What real deal? It doesn't seem far-fetched that it can generate enough power to run a few LEDs. Probably a pinwheel can do that too. 3D printer demo video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps0WEZbDjHE According to the article, the problem it is solving is generating small amounts of power inexpensively and reliably. It would power those LED lights which are used to allow people in developing countries to read at night. You seem to think that this is a small-scale proof of concept even though there is no reason to think that this is anything but the full sized device. He doesn't claim nor does it seem credible that there is a particular advantage to this technology on larger scales. Bearing friction, which he cites as a problem at the small scale, is not such a big issue for larger generators. LED? I've been charging my electric car from my phone line for years. Look for a reverse stock split to give Microsoft a $5000 share price. Now it's worth more than Google. Boom - a whole new company - problem solved. Does this guy read his own stuff before publishing it? Intangible capital of being in the U.S. = $418,000. http://www.reason.com/news/show/122854.html Wow. His writing style is exceedingly annoying. And, either as a result of that or not, I feel as though this is the fifth installment of something he wrote of which I haven't read the preceding parts. 2004 - when computers still had parallel ports. Oh. Symbian - not Sybian ( http://www.sybian.com/ ). Why is an inquiry like this voted up? I recently bought an iMac as an nth house machine. The software experience is very pleasant; the mouse and keyboard are terrible, but very pretty. I was thinking it might be nice to switch to a Mac as my main computer. I already have a nice dual monitor setup and a nice keyboard, so I would want a standalone Mac box. I checked out the price of the only Mac which makes sense to use with external monitors - $2500 for the Mac Pro!! I was surprised - especially since the iMac seemed somewhat reasonably priced. I'm surprised that no one mentions newspapers and magazines. These seem like the obvious win for the Kindle. No more dirty, bulky newspapers to carry around or dispose of. There is no DRM issue since the content has a one day shelf life. And the payback from a potentially lower subscription cost could justify the cost of the Kindle. As with books, it is obviously nice for commuters. > weed is legal What makes you think so? "Meetings are not always about the efficient exchange of information..." http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2004/01... What makes him think that sports teams aren't doing this kind of analysis but consider it a competitive advantage to not publicize it? Based on what he writes in the article, it doesn't look like he has done any investigation of his own. Viz. "To my knowledge, no sports team in the history of humankind has ever run a random control trial to figure out which strategies work the best. (I make this extravagant claim in hopes of provoking you all into providing some counterexamples.)" Interesting. I thought women drivers paid lower rates because they have fewer accidents. Not so? You might like to read this article which discusses the specialist/generalist issue: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/04/30/070430fa_fact_... CAPTCHA (which was edited after submission) had been capitalized in the title because it is an acronym. Isn't it? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captcha That's great. If you add hour-by-hour and zip code cookie, it would be perfect. Thanks. If a community garden supplies free water, are they liable when someone uses the water to drown someone else? And a trackstick I'm thinking no. "It is true that, for every dollar we spend on the space program, the U.S. economy receives about $8 of economic benefit." Hmm?!?! The current iMac keyboard is a big POS and should be among these. But maybe the reviewers didn't want to include because it looks so pretty. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=98193 It will also seem very, very expensive. Agreed. But I wish they would stop mentioning how thick it is at the edge. I see now that it is $3100 for the laptop including the 64GB flash memory - not an additional $3100 as the original article said. So it's not as expensive as I thought. He was talking about the downside loss strategically - not in the pedantic sense you are using. It would be interesting to use this with a supervisor program which receives a rating from the user about whether an image is appealing and then attempts to make images with similar characteristics. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_ But I don't recall seeing Dennett in any episodes. Or Costco. > So you're saying that 50% of your potential customers are too careless to enter their own credit card details correctly? Have you watched/listened to the (real world) news lately? Tyler Cowen (Marginal Revolution) on why it won't work: "The very smart Dean Karlan and Ian Ayres are behind the idea. I've long predicted this won't work; one group of potential customers doesn't really want to change, the other group is unwilling to give up control. It's not exaggerating to say that human nature is on the line here, and that if I am wrong this is probably the most important idea you will ever encounter." From (which has additional interesting comments): http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2007/12... Why would someone get involved with this site instead of doing a Google search for "credit card best ..."? No one needs a "community" for a credit card selection decision. Failing that, Consumer Reports has the information at the library. Is owning a PS3 a prerequisite for that class? I don't think the article is any more anti-environmental than it is anti-deaf people. Isn't it a benefit to the environment to point out policies which damage it when intended to help it so that they can be replaced with policies which help it? Indeed. I have been on the losing side of alternate-title later submissions more than a few times. However, I think I did search for "unintended" before posting this, and that wouldn't have found your post... I was startled but not surprised to find the inevitable links to two additional pages after my initial interest had abated. How long until one of these companies makes its database available anonymously and offers a Netflix-style prize for a better matching algorithm? Silly. Why would anyone think that people's behavior while doing research on the web would be any different from their interaction with a library card catalog? Should we have concluded that people didn't have time to read because we observed them thumb through index cards, write things down and then scuttle over to a different drawer? It's by Neal Stephenson which, I suppose, might augur well (Snow Crash) or ill (Quicksilver). I think that fly was carrying a Macbook Air. You're missing a third outcome where Yahoo shareholders effectively haggle over the price and Microsoft offers $40. Greenspun has some data: http://philip.greenspun.com/flying/safety http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primary_color Meh. Now this is a hot business card: http://www.singulier.com/boutique_us/fiche_produit.cfm?type=... Seems like requiring sellers to leave feedback first would take care of 90% of the tit-for-tat problem. How would that give you the range to an arbitrary object - like a white wall? Also sonar is a lot better choice for this application. Before he branched off to the static type discussion, I thought he was going to propose a code editor which facilitated meta-data comments. That way the programmer could provide comments as verbose as he liked and the reader could decide whether to view them. They could include links, additional documentation, etc. The code and comments could be viewed in a split-screen, separate windows, etc. Maybe this exists? The source code could remain plain text. For those who want to view the meta-comments, their meta-comment-enabled IDE would open the plain text with its accompanying meta-comment file. They can remain in the source file. The additional meta-commentary would augment, not replace them. Is that password verification which obliges the user to retype or cut and paste really desirable? If the meta-comment system was useful enough, it might not be neglected. The meta-metadata is what could add a lot of value. You could tag your comments and make them selectively visible when they are relevant to the task at hand. http://www.lispworks.com/ I'm guessing Microsoft has invented a two-wheeled gyro-stabilized personal vehicle which will revolutionize transportation. There is no plural of Lego since it is an adjective (derived from the phrase "leg godt"). If you're taking the liberty of calling a Lego brand building block a "Lego", then it hardly seems reasonable to object to others calling more than one "Legos". It's available, incorrect, and was refuted in 1850 (search for broken window parable). What is the rationale for showing the top n instead of everyone? David Friedman on the popcorn question: http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... http://www.daviddfriedman.com/Academic/Price_Theory/PThy_Cha... Also, how to double the volume of your popcorn kernels: http://www.bioedonline.org/news/news.cfm?art=1278 It does seem like it should, but I don't care for the white on black either. Maybe it is similar to why it is easier to drive during the daytime vs. nighttime. Apparently not "Row, row, row your boat" though. If you can sell 2% of the company for $1,000, doesn't that imply a $50,000 pre-money valuation?