disclaimer: I evaluated most of these tools and wrote a blog post here. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/04/18/monitoring-in-the... It's a bit old and i'll update it later, but here is the short resume with all the latest tool: ### Free (as in open-source) shitty options: icinga, nagios, riemann They suck so much they're not even worthy of having their names written. ### The other open-source option is prometheus. I didn't try it personally but I've have candidates interviewing at my company who talked at length about their experience on it and they were satisfied. I red the whole documentation and it's better than the old shitty tools but it's still not great. Be aware that it has many limitations by design, they skipped all the hard stuff (single node only, no HA, pull-mode only for metrics). ---- The new SaaS tools (ordered by maturity), all 10-20$ per host, they're mostly copy-cat: Datadog, BMC truesigh pulse (Boundary), signalfx, wavefront, server density. Datadog is the best option. It's older (about 5 years) and more mature. It has the most features and integrations. It's really the next generation of monitoring. BMC truesight pulse is the historic competitor. It was a startup called "Boundary" that was bought by BMC, and BMC rebranded the product. That's about the same thing. Not sure what the acquisition may or may not have changed. SignalFX is a direct copy-cat of datadog (and BMC). But it came later so it's lacking in features and integrations. Wavefront is an even later copy-cat of datadog and signalfx. Except it has no public price nor public trial. You have to contact them and go through sales for anything. (Honestly: just ignore wavefront. There are 3 directs competitors who are better and more accessible). ServerDensity: Don't bother trying. The website is buggy, it fails to load pages very often. The product is not even finished and lack 80% of the competitor features. The company will probably die soon. (sorry for their employees who are commenting here and reading that :\ ) [Google] StackDriver: It was another company that was acquired by Google 2 years ago. Currently, it's dead and it's being integrated to Google offerings. That might be great when it comes back (probably this year, there seem to be some closed beta given by Google at the moment). ### Current status-quo: Datadog beats everything by a long margin. More mature, more features, more integrations. It's has the advantage and it's evolving faster. That's the horse you have to put your money on (I did). You can try the competitors (either BMC or signalfx) if you wanna play around or just tickle datadog sales team to get a better price (I did) :D ### Far future: There might be a market rupture within 1-2 years when google finally release StackDriver. It had some quite advanced stuff and great review when it was acquired. It's the only one that might be able to catch up with datadog and provide the very advanced stuff that doesn't currently exist (e.g. outlier detection done right). If and When Google finally offers GCE (cheaper & faster than AWS) + kubernetes (docker and infrastructure on steroid) + StackDriver (complete monitoring AND logging solutions), they will be the best IaaS provider on the planet by a wide margin. The evolutions brought by these tools will allow me to do the work of 3 infra/sre guy all by myself. No offense there but it's very clear that the pricing is per host per month and it's a common practice in the industry. Thinking you could get away with your current setup for $15 is very naive of you. It looks like you red it well but your refused to acknowledge it? FYI prices for some popular services: - BMC (direct competitor to datadog) is $12 per host per month - SignalFx (other competitor) is using a $ price per metric stream per month (this one is tricky but they suggest to plan for $12 per host per month) - NewRelic is $75 per host per month - Dynatrace/Appdynamics are about $1000 per host per month - AWS/GCE have pricing per hour (which is annoying to convert per month) I agree on one thing though (and I did tell that to datadog guys directly). The price displayed in big should be $18 per month per host and not $15. The cheaper one if for an annual subscription which is not the most common case. Use ansible. It's like shell scripts on steroid. Basically, imagine a list of simple tasks, executing one by one in order. Instead of having bash commands which have crazy long arguments list and screw the whole script on failure, you get to use ansible commands (aka. modules) which are a lot easier to use and handle failures nicely (by stopping the run). And you'll never have to worry again about what happens when a command is ran twice. It simply doesn't do anything if there is nothing to change. Is that even a valid syntax for a URL? Probably not. Should have thought about compatibility before making up a naming scheme. Actually, to have worked with KiCad (a CAD design tool for integrated circuits). The only thing that make it worthwhile is that it is free (as in $0) whereas the industry standard (Eagle) is worth a TRUCKLOAD of money (many grands per seat). That hardly gives any choice to all students, most little companies and most professionals (especially outside their work computers at big companies). People have no choice. I'd hardly call that excitement when the competitor is unaffordable to 99% of the audience. It simply cannot die because of it's monopoly (of being the cheap option). Simply not true when the design is not trivial. I'm giving interviews with system design, I'd say that the majority of programmers who are decent cannot actually architecture anything well enough. And it doesn't matter if they're given more time, they don't have the training/experience for it. (They'll only learn the impact of their decisions later, eventually painfully). On the other hand, they may be able to develop it if handed and led through a proper architecture. I'd love to see an estimation of NetFlix for running the same infrastructure on GCE. All the instances are cheaper and faster. The networking is substantially faster, especially on smaller instances (I can imagine they have a lot of network IO given their business). No more reserved instances to manage. The discount is automatic on GCE when instances ran 24/24 for the month. (Reserved instances are a management nightmare when you have many servers, you can actually loose money). Replace all spot instances with the equivalent on GCE, which has fix pricing (about 70% discount) and is more dependable. (I imagine the core video business is extremely spot friendly). "GCs are complex and require lots of end-user tuning -- just look at the performance articles on Java." These articles are bullshit. Most settings are either obsolete or forcing the default. The rest is just useless. I spent months doing performance tuning of applications stacks which were using Java (for app, database or both). Most of the settings are useless and barely change +-1% in performance. The JVM has had good defaults for a while. The only thing one MUST configure is the -Xmn and -Xmx options to set the maximum amount of memory allocated to the java process (both settings to the same value). Same thing here from the seller side. Got a friend running some Bed and Breakfast hosting in the French countryside. The typical 50 year old that I'd hardly imagine selling on AirBnB (can he even use a computer ?). It turns out that he puts his listing on AirBnb and it's actually bringing in customers. You'll note that AWS Nat gateway are only available since less than 6 months. Any company who started before had to implement their own NAT gateway (we did). And with the shitty networking (150 Mbps top on large instances), that was the bottleneck for the whole subnet/VPC. GCE has a lot better networking and 1Gbps on their instances which may them way less sucky than AWS for anything routing related. Anyway. I migrated part of our cloud infra (one hundred instances, few subnets) to the new NAT gateway recently. It's working well so far but a few notes come to mind. You gotta use the latest terraform (or cloudformation, tip: TERRAFORM IS BETTER). Eventually, play with the Release Candidates if you started early. Ansible doesn't support NAT Gateway at all. (And probably that puppet/chef/salt do not either.) I doubt they will before next year. Just my 2 cents about NAT Gateway. Let's not be too quick to judge google when AWS just released the feature a few months ago and it's only being available in tools about now. Good. We're finally seeing people migrating to the better platform =) This article is addressing that most of the GCE services are simpler and a lot easier to use and manage than the AWS counterpartS. (That final S being important, having many small and unpolished pieces just contribute to the complexity.) It goes hand in hand with what I had already written about the platform. Expect GCE to be 20-50% cheaper and 1-3x faster: https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/15/gce-vs-aws-in-201... https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/22/a-simple-cost-com... When you see that GCE has less market revenues, you should keep in mind that GCE could be half the price of AWS in average (yep, no kidding). That means the actual gap in customers is way smaller than it appears at first sight ;) With that being said. Both platforms are relatively new and spinning services like mad, they both have important features missing (albeit not the same ones.) If you look at the internet users per country: http://www.internetlivestats.com/internet-users-by-country/ India has 462M people who can access internet at home, among 1326M inhabitants. That is a less lot than what one would think at first. Given that most companies reading HN are americans and some europeans. That brings the question of should we bother for the Indian market (early or at all)? Cultural barriers + Language issues and translations + TimeZone + A market which may not be that big and be fragmented or inaccessible That's exactly the reason I only source Thinkpads. The naming convention has been entirely static since the past 6 years. T410, T420, T430... for the 14" laptop. (Change the 14 to 15 for the bigger size.) The only madness they ever did was naming X210 (and subsequent numbers) for the 12 inch series. It's not just yet another listing. Nor it is about quasi-legal rental. For the user, it allows to find room by location, enter in contact, book and prepay in a convenient way that is unprecedented. For the hosting, it allows to easily rent, accept the money and reply to people. There were simply no service that allowed to neither buy nor sell that easily before. It had the side effect of attracting a lot of "black market" operations onto it but that doesn't make it about black market (even though it did play a role in the growth). AirBnB is about providing a great service to both buyer and seller. (Anyway, there's always been a HUGE black market for property rental. The incentive to declare are not worth it. AirBnB barely make the issue more visible.) The page I gave is for July 2016. It states that a "user" is someone who have access internet at home, at anytime of the day. No matter what device is used. Your page is old and complaining that the number of 485M given in 2012-2013 was overinflated. That seems about right given that the last numbers are still a bit under that by now. On a different topic. Ut looks like only 10-20% of connections are wired (e.g. broadband). The rest is wireless (probably mobile data) That seems important to know if going for that market. (red: target phone, bad bandwidth, bad latency.) I love doing that =D A while ago (when I was in aerospace) there was one senior people who gave us the price of insurance per head. Given that we're talking about 1M€ per head and that a plane can easily have 200 people. I have a hard time finding a situation where I can expect a Return On Investment by doing things poorly and cheaply. We're talking many millions of payout. (And yet, I'd love to have such a situation, it's always good to attract the attention of attendees at conference or student classrooms). Then later I realized that I've made a mistake in my calculation... I'm only accounting for A SINGLE plane failing and killing everyone. In the real world, a bad component would be shipped to a whole batch of planes and they'd fall randomly like flies. That batch-effect drastically increases the cost of failure. So... I really don't see ANY place where there is a ROI on people dying. BAZINGA!!! I'm from Europe and people are expensive there. The trick is to manufacture things for the 3rd world market where people get peanuts when they die (sometimes even nothing) :D But then again... we're back to square one, how could I build parts AND guarantee that they're only shipped to planes in low-cost locations? At that point, it's probably closer to a plane-by-plane targeted sabotage rather than a scheme of doing minimum-shit-to-close-sales. And when doing plane-by-plane there is no economy of scale :( ... Anyway! Just wanted to say that any analysis would clearly reveal that THE PLANE IS CHEAPER WHEN IT FLIES!!! (and your life is truly expensive) so you're fine. You can keep on using airplanes ;) Also, people at work do have a conscience. Once in a while they may forget about the importance of what they do, luckily there is a plane crash happening every few months to remind them that there are lifes at stake, for real (in case it was ever forgotten). It's the default search path for libraries which is well documented. (On the top of my head the function is LoadLibrary() on windows, see MSDN.) The thing is, there was a random guy who considered that a security issue and he started posting vulnerability reports and asking for bounties on quite literally EVERY software existing on the planet. e.g. firefox, chrome, internet explorer, nsis, inno setup, and many popular open-source applications (because of course, EVERY software is affected since the 30 years windows and all other OS doing the exact same thing have existed). It was a sort of epic scale hoax. (even though it's factually true that DLL are loaded from the current directory). That will lead to a whole generation of people who will read the reports and be mislead into thinking that this was a major security failure discovery. There is a very simple way to have French be more productive per hours. Let's compare a French and an American... - The French guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 35 hours and he gets paid for 35 hours. - The American guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 40 hours and he gets paid for 40 hours. They both do and produce the same thing. The statistics say that the French is more productive per hour ;) Been doing scrum forever. Even before it existed. And yet I never had to use points, ever. Scrum Meeting: - Follow the list of topics for today ... (may include) ... Show progress and new features ... Get feedback ... Discuss blocking points and resources needs ... Get update on supplier status (if buying/selling anything to 3rd parties) - Decide what are the priorities for this week - Schedule the meeting for the next week (send the list of topics you'll talk about) That's overly trivial. It mostly comes down to schedule a meeting every 1-2 week, show/say current status, repeat... No need to call that scrum and put fancy names on it. That seems utterly wrong to me. I'd expect any manager worth is salt to put that at a 10% or 20% (basically anywhere NOT 0) and uses that number as a reminder to devs that part of the job description includes MAINTAINING the system in proper condition, not just piling up new stuff on top of the existing random stuff. Same as a car needs regular maintenance, a dev project needs regular maintenance. I do believe that this N+1 - N captures the idea well. One issue though: If the requirements have changed, that is not a good metrics. i.e. We did that theme blue for Iphone, now people wants it to be green AND on windows. It's not necessarily technical debt, it's cancelling everything we've done to make something else entirely (even though it may seem superficially similar). If the requirements and/or features for N+1 ignore or counter the requirements/features from N, it's not necessary technical debt, it might be you've just got no idea what you're coding and you're running in circle. Does the American works 9 to 9? Anyway, I'd love to see a study that compare countries: - What time people say they do? - What time people actually do? - What time get accounted and paid for? That would be very interesting. I couldn't agree more. The words "career" and "open-source" should not go together. Unless by career, one means working for free, on unpaid projects, without [local] peers. There are few companies (Google, Facebook, IBM, RedHat, ...) that do open-source and a career there would be fine. But that's probably not what people think when they're talking about working for open source. As already said, you should use terraform which has its own DSL (called HCL). Inspired by JSON but way simpler and more appropriate for this specific task. Important tip: If you use one of jetbrains IDE (IntelliJ/PyCharm/...) there is a free plugin to handle terraform files. It gives the usual syntax highlighting + auto completion of variables and devices + detection of errors. It's very very nice! 4. In terms of VPC and networking. I am definitely not satisfied with AWS. - On GCE the security groups are created automatically and managed by the "role" of instances. On AWS there is no link between instances and security groups. I currently have to emulate the working of GCE over AWS with extremely complex ansible scripts just so that an instance called "repository" can actually be assigned to a group called "repository". - ELB (load balancer on AWS) cannot have a fixed IP (we've been waiting for that for YEARS). An ELB can only be accessed over a DNS name, and the underlying IP can change every 60 second. (Have fun with applications which are caching DNS). By comparison, GCE has had load balancers with fixed IPs forever. - AWS is a region nightmare. Many resources only exist in one region and cannot be accessed or even acknowledged to exist from another region. e.g. an AMI only exists in a single region. It's not possible to create a host with it in another region. It's not even possible to take that existing AMI and push it to another region. (As far as a region is concerned, other regions don't exist). All services on AWS are acutely region centric. I am currently expanding my infra to multiple regions and there are many obstacles to overcome. The networking and interconnections is definitely one of them. By comparison Google is not region centric like that. It's a lot easier to manage at planet scale. --- Just three major pain points on the top of my head. VIP: Very Important Tip +++ Use jetbrains free IDE (IntelliJ, PyCharm...) and install the plugins for HCL support. You'll get syntax highlighting + auto completion for variable and infrastructure names + visual report on lines with errors and quickfixes. Now HCL just because the easiest language in the world. (Seriously, it's not even a language, it takes 1 hour to master the syntax, top.) +++ Use terraform to create all the infrastructure backbone. (VPC, subnets, routing tables, DHCP options, etc... ) Terraform is the single best tool in the world to do that. It's also the only one currently in existence that is actually able to do that. (ansible and the likes are missing critical modules). +++ Do NOT use terraform to manage instances nor security groups. These things change wayyy too often and you'll struggle with states. Use one of the ansible/salt to create and manage them. They refresh their inventory to keep with external changes (at least ansible does) and they allow to run scripts on the resources. (e.g. tag all the EBS volumes of the instance, after the instance is up). Bonus: For every instance "name" you create, create and put it in a security group with the same "name". Then you can manage security groups by name ;) +++ Terraform can import existing infrastructure since v0.7 (this release :D) Just sayin'. +++ The state files is annoying to share and keep updated It used to be put in git. (it's still possible). It can be put in S3 (or similar options). The sharing is faster and it makes less state issues. +++ Because of the state files, terraform is good for "static things" and terrible for "fast moving things". That makes terraform appropriate for the VPC/subnet/... provisioning (the first point in this list ) But it's terrible for instances and security groups (another point in the list ) Known your strengths and weaknesses, choose the right tool for the job ;) AWS ELB limitations: No static IP. Only accessible through a domain name like "elb-role-12345.eu-west.aws.amazon.com" and the underlying IPs can change every 60 seconds. The feature has been missing for years, it doesn't have any workaround, it's not being worked on anytime soon. AWS vs GCE: Pick your limitations ;) >> What are some strategies to deal with this beyond picking a hyper specialization? Well, stop thinking about it. Not only it is depressing but it is also seriously wrong. I've been hearing that since before I started. Not only did it never happen, but it's getting more unlikely to happen every day. It's not possible to commoditize something that 99.xxx% of people are unwilling and/or unable to do. Yes, most people simply don't want to sit at a computer all day and/or don't have what it takes to be a decent programmer. And everyday the barrier to entry is getting a bit harder with more tools and more technologies and more abstractions appearing, each adding a bit more complexity over the precedent. If anything, look around you and watch the race to the top for the few who can follow. There are entire companies in our industry which exist to attract and bread the best and the brightest. --- Now, I can understand why some people would be afraid of a commodity market. Somewhere in the world, there will ALWAYS be a guy who only has $10 to pay for whatever thing he wants done AND there will ALWAYS be a guy that will offer to do the job for that price. That first guy will always accept the offer because he has no seemingly better alternative and he'll just burn the money hoping to get something in return. (note: ain't gonna happen. You just don't get anything real for $10). The point being: Just because there are some guys with no money and some guys who are screwing them. That doesn't mean that it's a "commodity market", let's just call that a "scam market". Anyone serious who wants to get the job done or anyone who can get the job done will simply NOT participate in this scam market. When we're talking real work, there is simply no commodity market whatsoever (in our field). A Google site criticizing Amazon... Am I the only one seeing the irony? Please don't say "huge" when talking about your traffic. That is misleading. The appropriate word to describe 8 requests/s is "nothing". Health checks and monitoring could do that much by themselves when there are no users. 200 requests/s is a very small site. To give you some point of comparison: 200 HTTP requests/s could be processed by a software load balancer (usual pick: HAProxy) on a t2.nano and it wouldn't break a sweat, ever. It might need a micro if it's HTTPS :D (that's likely to be generous). To be fair, I hardly expect any performance issues from the load balancer before 1000 requests/s. The load is too negligible (unless everyone is streaming HD videos). All the answers about scaling "ELB" are nonsense. There is no scale in this specific case. The "huge" peak being referred to would hardly consume 5% of a single core to be balanced. I used to criticize ELB a lot and avoid them at all cost. So do many other people on the internet. But at your scale, all our hatred is irrelevant, you should be way too small to encounter any issues. N.B. Maybe I'm wrong and ELB have gotten so buggy and terrible that they are now unable to process even little traffic without issues... but I don't think that's the case. In the city center the bus is useless because it's stuck in traffic jam. Any other option is better: bike/tube/overground/underground. Outside the city center. There are only a very few bus lines, infrequent and not covering much area. I suppose it's the same in most of the European countries: 10% of people have good nearby transportation. 50% of people live in the country side, with little to no transportation in sight. Car is highly recommended (usually considered mandatory). What usage could possibly need 5M log/s on a single system? Are you trying to log every TCP and UDP packet? To give a rough point of comparison, CloudFlare is taking 4M page views per second and that's 5% of the global internet traffic. I am working in an industry that is usually considered more shady than most of the examples given and it's nowhere to be found in that banlist. That's sweat! Where do I sign up? :D be right back Sure I've had my share of heisenbug. Still remember one not long ago where the dev enabled debug logs in all our applications at once over the week end. It turns out that a week end of log is 1 TB :D Back to the topic. I suppose that saying "5M/s" to refer to 5000/ms during a single millisecond is misleading. There are many implicit "buffers" (raw CPU power, intermediate hard drives, TCP queues, syslog/fluentd processing) that may smooth that kind of peak very aggressively long before it reaches graylog. Interesting talk by the way. I'm doing similar things, at a smaller scale though. Are you asking for our current payment provider? (Adyen) or are you asking for our website? That I'd rather not associate to "shady", and sadly we're blocked to operate in the USA [and most countries in the world] so that wouldn't help you anyway. Sorry. Well, the "or" is tricky considering I found the job on "HN: Who is Hiring" :D Let's say we operate an exchange (think: like a financial exchange except it's not). I really don't understand that fight. SAN storage and VmWare (ESXi) have been around forever. VmWare will gladly provision VMs over any SAN storage. Live migration has been available for more than 10 years (that's called VMotion and it requires any of paid edition). Prefer local storage? Put any sort of local storage on the server, VmWare will gladly provision VM on it. What's the most important thing in a storage... THE BACKUP! For backups, there are snapshots capabilities well integrated into VmWare (cold snapshots, live snapshots, incremental snapsnots, whatever you name it). All of this has existed for more than ten years. Standard protocols (iSCSI, FiberChannel, other) + robust enclosures (all vendors have SAN) + battle tested software and drivers (VmWare). A couple servers and some TB of storage is a nothing fancy. The cost of the setup is shared between the servers + the labor + many SAS hard drives + the enclosure (a very little part). It's really hard to take seriously an overly complex setup that is trying to imitate that over cheap untested hardware and software (NFS? seriously?). Not only it is a recipe for disaster in production but there isn't even any cost savings to be done. The cost of complexity and labors will be going wild with all the configuration. The hardware costs won't go down (still need many drives and servers). Good luck debugging that and retrieving data when things will go wrong. Well. I suppose it's fun for home labs and that's about it :D I am curious. If I may ask. Did the company actually decided to keep/lay the employees individually based on your feedback from the interview? Or were the destiny already decided beforehand and the interviews were just some acting? Meanwhile in "HN: Who is Hiring (August 2016)"[1] > Cisco Meraki | San Francisco & London | Full-Time ONSITE > ... I have the feeling that company is sending mixed signals. Well, on the bright side that can explain why they don't reply =) --- [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12222620 What are you talking about? Monitoring? Analytics? Big Data Visualization? Other? What do you want to see? I wouldn't be surprised if driverless cars were way more secure for pedestrians and cyclists. It's really difficult to keep track of pedestrians and cyclists when driving, whereas a driverless car has 360° nightvision. They both perform significantly faster than RDS MySQL. That's probably the lesson here. SQL connection pools are configurable in the application. When you care about performances, you have to do benchmarking to find the optimal number of concurrent threads for the specific load. It's noteworthy to see that google has a consistent total of queries per seconds (the average per thread drops almost linearly when adding threads), whereas RDS Aurora is exhibiting variable throughput and flat areas. Consistency > Raw Performances Don't bother with StackDriver if if gives ANY issues. They've been in a weird state since the acquisition 2 years ago. (But I still hope it will be fixed and become a great service at some point in the future). Use datadog instead. It does all the monitoring things and it works flawlessly. Also, try signalfx for the comparison. It's a good copycat but it lags behind in advanced integrations. Disclaimer: I am NOT affiliated with any of these services. Just a random customer who [tried] to evaluate them all. Looked at the documentation and quickly gave up on kubernetes. It's nice and it solves real problem but the barrier to entry is INSANE. And it's lacking wayyy to much documentation deploy in production on own cluster. It's probably gonna take years to improve. I'm wondering. Did anyone tried the kubernetes on GCE? If Google can handle all the annoying setup and makes a mostly managed service, that would be extremely attractive. Actually, that's probably the only way k8s would be achievable in production, i.e. have someone else do it. Think harder... how to bring self driving cars to the world... Currently, bus/overground/tubes/whatever have only few lines and they can cover a lot of users. Tomorrow, self driving cars could cover only the few main roads of a city. That would be enough to be useful for 80% of people in the city. That ignores the hard 90% roads which are harder to do. We'd still have to walk down the block to reach the uber and that's annoying, but that's a huge progress over the current public transportation systems (whom coverage vary hugely by city and country, to the point there might not be any). > a human would with less information. I'm arguing for the case where the human as NO information. Let's say, there's a bicycle/motorbike somewhat behind your cars. For a human driver, it can be seen in only one of the 3 rear mirrors at any point in time. Unless it's slightly behind-left or behind-right (e.g. to take over) in which case it's in the dead angle and can't be seen at all. By turning his head and using the mirrors, a human cannot see most of the 360° around a car. There are obstructed angles, not to mention that the human can only look toward one direction at once. The self driving cars with 360° vision can see things that a human couldn't. It has a chance to react where the human didn't. It took a while for powershell to be installed on most computers. It's still certainly missing on many computers (i.e. the oldest and most vulnerable). I actually don't know whether it is installed as default in the latest Microsoft OS and patches. That and the very easy way to analyse/reverse engineer scripts don't make a great candidate for malware. Anyway, the windows shell is enough for trivial scripts, and one might as well write software in a real programming language for the rest. I don't see why not. There are other [minor] competitors in the world. Is there any reason to believe that Apple would have follow led the way to mobile/phone/tablet if it were acquired by Microsoft a long time ago? Right. The gem was hidden in the big pile of articles. You're looking for this graph: https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2016/08/why-Google-Clou... Wikipedia provides archives of all its content. No need to scrap it when you can readily download a nicely formatted .xml.zip file containing all knowledge written by mankind. There can be legitimate traffic coming from AWS, if not the site itself. It's especially true when the site provides an API and is meant to be integrated by people/companies. In which case, the AWS traffic is likely to include major and/or important and/or paying customers. You really don't want to block that. On the other hand, Tor is likely to be 90% evil. When in doubt, just block it. (That makes me think, I should run some proper stats and maybe publish a blog post about that. ) Let's say that an average video is 500MB nowadays. Be it a show, a short movie, a long HD music video on youtube, or a sport event on the olympics. Let's say that 1000 thousand people are watching the Olympic games. 500 GB * 1000 people = That's 500 GB of traffic. Let's convert GB to Gb (multiply by 8) and we're talking 400 Tb. So.. The title of this article means there are about 1000 people who watched ONLY one event of the olympics and then put off their TV. Well, I thought Olympics were a big worldwide event... I was wrong. --- Alternative: We can take it the other way around and say that there were 1000 sport events during the Olympic, and one guy to watch them all :D Just for Fun: I'd love to see the numbers from Dailymotion.com, see how much the Olympic Games are unpopular in comparison. > I'm only interested in time series databases for use by developers and operations to store and retrieve data that pertains to the health and performance of the services they build and operate. Everything in this blog will judge the entries based on their suitability for that task. That is a very particular problem, in which the data storage is a minimal [yet important] aspect of the full system. You're probably going the wrong route if you're trying to redesign your own and you'll only realize that way too late when you'll have to design your own metrics collection, own graphing, own alerting, own... The standard proven open-source stack: collectd/statd (metrics collection + whipser/graphite (storage) + grafana (cute graphs and dashboards). The latest fad is to replace graphite with prometheus (which is better in some aspects but has it own fault). Both these open source tools will satisfy your purpose. HARDCORE LIMITATIONS: Both these open source tools are entirely single node. There is no form of sharding nor high availability nor horizontal scaling. (Rules of thumb: Should be fine up to 100 hosts and applications. Then get ready to throw big hardware and tune retention aggressively.) --- Some quick maths: 8 bytes per metrics * every 5 second = 967 kB per metrics over the week 967 kB per metric * 100 metrics per host * 100 hosts = ~10 GB per week for high precision Any of the parameter can spiral by tenfold (depending on the setup, retention, hosts, metrics per app...). That means going straight into TB range and scaling issues where one node is simply out of the question. --- It's pretty clear that the open source solutions don't scale and are hard to maintain... so what's next when we outgrow them? Switch to the latest generation of monitoring tools. The two best solutions are datadog and signalfx. They both accept custom metrics from your app. And... oh wait I just noticed that dataloop.io is a new SaaS solution trying to compete with them. Oops :D A full metrics/monitoring/alerting solution and a metrics storage engine are two different purposes. (The first one being solved by the latest SaaS tools, including dataloop.io). I limited the previous message to the monitoring use case because it is already quite long and a topic of it's own but I'd like to address the storage as well. There are many reasons one would need a time series database for an application. In which case he'd need that kind of comparison. --- There are a few things which I'd like to see about storage systems: - What kind of features does it have to compress and/or aggregate data? Does it have any? Some systems can take 4 bytes per int, other can take 50. Some can store diff, some do not... That makes a huge difference. - Can it cluster horizontally? Also, does it scale write horizontally? We can have 50 CPU systems with 10TB of SSD array noawadays, but we probably won't. It's actually rather challenging to scale vertically on AWS/GCE (not so much on softlayer), not to mention the nightmare of having a single point of failure for maintenance and issues. I suppose we get that with the read/write number per 1 node and per 5 nodes systems, which brings me to the next point. - The performance numbers are somewhat misleading IMO. You say yourself that you didn't do benchmarking. You're just taking some random facts you found on the internet and showing that as data. - You should include the versions of the database in the table. Features change over time. - Are you backing and contributing to DalmatinerDB? For some reasons, the link between dataloop and dalmatinerDB wasn't clear to me on the first read. (Not to mention, you're not even advertising your product or your company). - How much of DalmatinerDB magic is based on ZFS? Does it actually need ZFS to run? As far as I remember, ZFS is still a BSD/Solaris citizen only. (And don't tell my that it's coming into the next ubuntu release, it's just an hypothetical future until actually done ;) ) Anyway. It's a welcomed comparison. Good work =) --- > our real competition is open source with 90% of the addressable market using older tools like Nagios etc. An interesting point of view. I personally consider 90% of the nagios market to not-be-a-market at all. It belongs to people who only uses it because it's free (as in no-money) and can be downloaded easily. Free automatically brings the students, the amateurs trying things in their garage/homelab, micro deployment where it's enough, many companies and people who simply don't value their time or the quality of what they deliver, and finally all who have no money whatsoever or can't go through the hassle of the buying-stuff department. To have been coding for 5-15 years when entering college now... you have to think about the prices and availability of internet/computers 5-15 years ago ;) [Note: MindGeek = the pornhub network] Short version: That's a video streaming websites which is rather simple, yet bandwidth intensive. Outsourcing the caching and video delivery means MindGeek can do with little servers and a few locations. Nonetheless the CDN you're outsourcing to does need a lot of servers at many edge locations. Actually, if we think in terms of "top bandwith users in the world". It's possible that your company is far from being in the list. It's likely dominated by content delivery / ISP / and other providers, most of which are unknown to the public. > That said, what's happening right now, if we are not careful, will fragment the container ecosystem, and it makes it impossible for single containers to target multiple runtimes. Not a chance. There is Packer [0] to get rid of all potential lock-in and monopoly. It's a universal image/container creation tool. - It re-uses your ansible/chef/puppet/shell/whatever scripts for setting up the image. - It outputs a docker containers, Amazon AMI, Google images, VmWare Images, VirtualBox Images. Whichever you like, with the same configuration. [0] https://www.packer.io/ > Do you remember when open source meant people just working on stuff for fun and trying to provide free as in speech alternatives to pay crap? OSS is a path bound to failure. On the one hand, going OSS means the project will never have the resources because it ain't charging money. On the other hand, it will never be able to charge money because people don't want to pay for something that's advertised as free. That's a vicious circle. The average non-crap software is taking astronomical effort to make and it's getting harder and more complex over time. A bunch of guys working for free in their spare time just don't have the resources to keep up. P.S. When in doubt, remember that the difference between the great pyramid of Kheops and Microsoft Windows, is that Windows took more effort to make. Contrary to the author, I'd rather not have the picture on the careers page show a majority of people of colors and women. That's a strong indicator of a random stock photo, totally unrelated to the company. Now about putting beer and table pong first in the list of perks. That does say something about the culture. > Free software refers to freedom, Philosophically speaking, maybe. In practise though, free software are considered because of pricing and not freeness. Bring a PAID open-source software for a comparison in front of your directors and/or fellow engineers. I did that many times, from $1000/year to $3M/year subscription. Even the most open-source aficionados will quickly reveal that he doesn't care about open-source. All he thinks about is pricing. Youtube had the challenge of being one of the first streaming services, and it's operating at an unprecedented scale. I am actually wondering, how many orders of magnitude youtube has more traffic than pornhub? I am in distributed systems and try to work exclusively on hard problems. So when I say "simple", that is biased on the high end of the spectrum. If you go to pornhub.com and looks at "popular keyword", you'll only find thousand or ten thousands videos. In a way, there is not that much content on pornhub. All major websites have challenge. Pornhub is a single purpose website and a lot of the challenge is in video delivery, which can be outsourced to a CDN nowadays. "simple" is maybe too strong a word. I am trying to convey the idea that it has limited scope and [some of] the problems it's facing are understood by now and have [decent] solutions. That's not to say it's easy ;) Okay, so you could potentially get a computer. Now, think about accessing the resources to learn programming: Books, Documentation, Compilers, IDE... I recall being on 56k internet in 2001, paying by the hour. Couldn't have learn programming, except going around and buying books and tools on CD and offline documentation. That was the hell of a barrier to entry compared to today. There are already Gmail/Microsoft/Facebook providing single sign on for users. That doesn't mean applications are bothering to support them. Actually, Facebook is ubiquitous for popular apps to the point it's often mandatory. (too bad for privacy :( ) Google App for business (and Microsoft to a less extent) have market shares among professionals but many SaaS and hosted applications cannot integrate with it at all. Actually, it's now called "OpenID Connect" and it's a profile of the OAuth spec. Attacks are rarely targeted to the hosting providers. They usually target a specific customer. Google/AWS probably have 100 times the capacity (and redundancy and architecture reliability and failover and awesomeness) of linode. That means that, first, they can't be put down easily, second, a DDoS is limited to a small subset of the infrastructure and doesn't bleed to every customers and services. As for traditional hosting companies (OVH and the likes) When you're being DDoSed, they'll null-route your IP space. (i.e. they advertise your IPs as dont-exist-on-the-internet-anymore). The traffic is dropped while in transit on the internet because it can't go anywhere. It doesn't reach the hosting company anymore. Note: being null-routed means your site and all your services are off the internet and thus effectively dead. As for CloudFlare. They have many locations all around the world and they can absorb a lot of traffic, to the point they themselves cannot be DDoS. They have active monitoring and mitigation against common attacks and known malicious sources, which may prevent the attack without even you knowing about it. When you're under attack, you can block subnet/AS/countries in cloudflare settings, or request a challenge/capcha from every visitors. Cloudflare will reject visitors (with or without challenging them) at their edge location before any traffic can get to you. It is very effective from my experience. Generally speaking. The only way to stop a DDoS is to do it before it reaches your datacenters so you need help from your ISP/provider/CDN. Edit: The attack that put down linode last christmas was against linode itself and not a specific customer. Part of the mitigation included linode moving its critical services behind cloudflare :D Block DNS/NTP in the security group => Problem solved (unless it only filters traffic at the instance input) Put an ELB in front of the services, the ELB only listening to port 80/443, roll out the ELB publicly, roll out new instances only accessible privately, kill old instances being DDoSed => Problem solved => Repeat for all other services, they shouldn't be publicly accessible in the first place. Ain't saying it's easy but there are some options to help mitigate the attack. First, The article seems to mostly complain about text logs VS structured logs. That is unrelated to syslog because it is simply a log transport mechanism. Applications should send structured logs. (e.g. JSON messages). The message may be delivered by whatever means (e.g. syslog). --- Second, I am surprised that the article doesn't mention the issues with syslog not being defined properly and suffering from interoperability issues. Truth is: "syslog" refers to multiples, incompatible protocols that evolved other time. See two independent specifications for example: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424 and https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3164 Applications, libraries and middleware (graylog/ELK/rsyslog/syslog-ng/fluentd) have interoperability issues because of the different syslog protocols. Just because two things are speaking "syslog" doesn't mean they speak the same "syslog". Switches/routers/appliances cause even more issue because the custom implementations tend to not format messages perfectly for any of the RFC. ^^ Not a case for Elixir. Just a standard case for using fast compiled languages (Java/C#/Erlang/Scala...) vs slow interpreted mono-core languages (python/ruby/php...). Python and Erlang shop here. Last time I was performance testing some python applications. 2-3 ms for decoding the request (gunicorn internals) + 0.5 for flask + 0.3 ms for newrelic + 0.2 ms for sentry + 0.5 ms spent in the application code (a simple return "hello"). That's a total of 2-5 ms of power and time wasted, not running the application code and creating latency for all calls. Add that the webserver has to fork to X processes to handle requests in parallel because each request is blocking by design (cf. "global interpreter lock" and common webservers internal). When the ecosystem (webservers/interpreter/languages) is slow & ineffective (i.e. ruby/python/php). So will be all the applications written on it. It's trivial to double the performance and half the hardware by switching to a better ecosystem. > about json and syslog structured data I found syslog design to be well done about that, ignoring whether it was accidental or not :D +1 for json. Format messages as JSON for logging. Update/reconfigure applications to write json logs. The structured data headers of syslog can be used for enriching log messages with metadata (instance id, instance ip, tags, environment, etc...). The RFC 5xxx design allows to manage the message (application's responsibility) and the metadata (relay's responsibility) separately, so it's nice. [Note: If ALL messages were JSON logs and the tooling could manipulate json messages directly to add/remove fields, there would be no need for a different metadata channel.] That's getting a ridiculous old meme. There is one data that is critical and has never been showed. How many people can argue to have X years of experience in tech? With X being 5, 10, 20, 30, 40... Bonus: Repeat the question with a limit to the geography. Silicon Valley only, America only, small city in the USA, India, Spain, Specific city of [random EU country]. Thousands is not much. The top movies are getting ten of thousands of seeders. They get thousands in each of their localized version (French, German, Spanish...). Go to one of the "current-best-streaming-site-of-the-moment.inwhatevercoutry" [1] Some of the streaming sites publish the "views per video" (or downloads per video for DDL site). The top 10 videos are all in the hundreds of thousand of views. The English streaming sites are in the millions of views per top video. They get more audience because of the language. In comparison, it seems to me that music is not very popular for streaming/DDL/torrenting. If anything, it should concentrate all the views in a few places only because songs exist in a single version in a single language. [1] easy to find in the "top 100 most visited site per country" with alexa.com :D > And why just the api and manager? Likely because it's more effective, if you really want to kill the site. Let's say that you find a "/manage/viewall" page which takes some processing to load (more so than the other pages), is never cached, and can't be protected by cloudflare/capcha/other because it must stay open for CLI tools. First, it's easy to overload the site by throwing a couple of expensive requests to a few vulnerable services, rather than to have a botnet flooding 100 Gb/s of traffic to random customer instances. (note: the two strategies are not mutually exclusive). Second, by attacking these services, they impact Linode itself and all customers using it. Someone is really trying to hurt Linode by doing that. The lesson here: There seem to be some naughty attackers who are putting a lot of effort to put Linode down recently... and they seem to succeed to some extent. That really is a bad position for Linode :( Omg. That sounds like a public list of "Top poorly secured business sites to breach. --Reward guaranteed" +1 for drive having the worst organization of all doc tools currently in existence. Give me a windows remote shared directory, a sharepoint, a dropbox, just anything that would let me work. Drive is only good at making a single isolated file and sharing that file over gmail. It is lacking notions of structured and shared folders. No thought was given to sharing documents across the company/teams/services, EXCEPT to make a single document sent by email. I found the academia to be way more vicious and politics than a company. In academia, teachers/referees/directors were commonly there for 10-20 years, some will probably never have to live their positions and they have full unlimited authority for many things. The worse that could happen in academia as a student is to have politics goes against your back. You will be blocked from graduating, you will loose X years of study unlikely to start over or graduate at another place, and be stuck with your debt and no diploma. In a company, the worst that could happen is simply to be fired. You look for another job and keep your money, you keep your diploma, keep your experiences. In fact, if you have a problem with your boss at work, you can always change job. If you have a problem with your PhD (or master's) teacher in academia, you can't leave without failing your studies and you're fucked. > how terrible is the reputation of IT and developers in large companies from the business side. They are seen as a world of hyper-bureaucratic, common sense-free, business sense-hostile, half-assed lemmings. Large non-tech hyper-bureaucratic common-sense-free companies are especially hostile toward good IT and dev so good people just don't work there ;) [and even if they did, they still couldn't get anything done] The solution to all gender problems: Actively ignore all topics and articles with "woman" or "female" in the title. People are who they are and go where they want. Tech is no exception. When one walks into a car garage, one doesn't make a fuss about mechanics being all men. When one walks into a kindergarden, one doesn't make a fuss about teachers being all women. Don't believe the lies a single second. The truth is, it is NOT tough being 3X-4X in silicon valley. What is tough is accepting to put up with startups about to fail, long hours, mediocre pay, little benefits and immature coworkers. That does limit the size of the job market. That issue is faced by everyone, independently of their age. The youngers selves just happen to have lower standards in average. And it's worth noting that dalmatiner magic relies on ZFS + riak. The ZFS part being problematic to run on linux. There is currently no open source monitoring solutions that support more than a single node. If you have serious infrastructure, you gotta move to the paid SaaS monitoring solutions which are ALL awesome.: https://www.datadoghq.com/ and https://signalfx.com/ Note: I am not affiliated with any of these services. I just have a very strong interest in nagios/icinga/riemann/graphite/grafana dying since my painful experience of setting up and maintaining them. Add the salary on top of that. Higher experience commands higher salary and no company has an unlimited cash flow, even among the ones who are truly interested in the rare experiences and skills. On the other hand, the world is full of companies and industries who are basing their business on cheap employees and lowballing. > I moved everything on top of kube Could you define the "everything" please. What applications are you running? How many of them? How much resources do they use? The product mentioned are expensive entreprisey products, mostly sold business-to-business. The europeans laws offer little protection to companies. Consumer laws apply only when selling directly to consumers. > they have a banner ad that gives then a thousandth of a penny Forget about thepiratebay. It's children pocket money. Remember the time of RapidShare/Megaupload? They were paying something like $5 per thousand downloads. Let's imagine a popular DDL/streaming site sending one video. The next week it's been downloaded 100k times. That's $500 easy money for one upload. Multiply that amount of money by the amount of movies, of tv show episodes, of video games (whose 20GB are split in 20 separate files). That was the hell of a business model. Now, let's think about the modern streaming sites. It doesn't monetize that way anymore. Instead it's putting aggressive ads on every fucking page + misleading widgets opening ad popups + affiliation with streaming services + useless redirection so visitor are forced to open more pages. Illegal download/streaming are a very lucrative business and that's why there are so many of it. Noone is talking pennies there. > Notice how smooth the 32-bit to 64-bit transition went? (and yes, it was smooth.) I credit most of that to Microsoft and the insane efforts they make to support backward compatibility. They made an extremely complex abstraction layer to run 32 bits applications on 64 bits OS, yet it works very well. To this day, it's possible to run lot of applications that were written 15 years ago, seamlessly, as they were built and distributed 15 years ago. These sites are exclusively linking. They NEVER host anything. CSV is a poorly defined format. It doesn't have a standard. No wonder it screws up when you start varying character encoding. The first practical lesson of CSV is CSV WILL fail miserably when changing character encoding, using non ASCII characters, having quoted string, varying end of line characters... CentOS > Debian for running docker and kubernetes. The debian stable kernel has been suffering for many months from critical bugs that results in docker crashing randomly. Note: kernel crash = unresponsive stale system, only fixable with a hard reboot These storage systems are meant to be SAN devices. Meaning either Amazon EBS volume or Google volumes, on their respective clouds. I recall reading that EBS is being [partially] implemented and tested. (Read: The documentation is full of "known bug: ..." and "please don't try that in production"). And you can add the Jetbrains stack on top of that: Teamcity + Youtrack + upsource + IntelliJ. The jetbrains stack VS The atlassian stack. A long standing competition between the best tools in the world. Conclusion from reading: Gitlab is just another open-source company that raised money and is now desperate to monetize it's products. Unfortunately for them. The market is already saturated with CI tools, including good ones. - If you want good self-hosted CI, you use teamcity (jetbrains) or bamboo (atlassian). Side note: They cost money, you get what you pay for. - If you want good SaaS CI, you use travis-ci (linux), circle-ci (linux) or appveyor (windows). - If you want to suffer endlessly, you use Jenkins (previously hudson). It's shit, it has a Bad UI, it's an aggregation of poorly maintained plugins, it lack even the most simple features, the list goes on... - If you want to go exotic, you can find dozens of other [partial] CI tools. There is no room for gitlab. Teamcity already has a free edition offering 20 projects and 3 slaves. All the aforementioned tools are free for open-source projects. Disclaimer: I have used all the tools mentioned above. ----- The reason the good tools are not popular is: 1) they cost money and people are bitches when it comes to spending even $10 2) most people start with the old well-known shitty tools and then they're locked in... and the efforts required to move away just increase over time (sadly, nobody got fired for choosing Jenkins in the first place :( ) I find that worrying for the future of Gitlab. It's really hard to charge money, especially against a truckload of both free AND paid tools which do the job. They decided to NOT charge money on the number of projects or the number of runners. They've made a product with no incentive whatsoever to pay for it. We could say it's great, we get get another free tool! but how are they going to make this work on the long term? They have no business model and the investor funds will eventually run out at some point. Then, we'll be left with another free open source abandoned projects, just like jenkins? The CI choice is important. There are many features that must come from the CI: - Support downloading the code from various repo (GIT, SVN...) - Option to start build from scratch or keep the state from the previous build - Integrate with your user accounts (LDAP, Google Auth...) - Good and stable API [jenkins API is a complete mess] - Storing and retrieving build artifacts - Bisecting - Running batch of builds / parametrized builds - Graphing and statistics (build durations, build failures, ...) - Backup system for the configuration of the CI master (must be scriptable) - High availability: Either support a pair of CI master with active/passive, or support scaling horizontally with many active masters (this is critical for > 1000 dev companies with many many projects) - Build in monitoring in the CI master itself (e.g. manage the space taken by projects and artifacts) with a notifications when things are going critical. ... Yes. The good approach when you're given a legacy java application with tons of flags is to removed ALL the optimizations flags for the heap and the GC. Most of the settings found in legacy projects or on the internet are either obsolete or defaults in the latest version of the JVM. The only mandatory heap flag is: "-Xms???M -Xmx???M" which set the heap size of the application to ??? megabytes. >> Support downloading the code from various repo (GIT, SVN...) >Is there a CI server that can't handle this? Worst case you can do a checkout from the command line. It's common NOW. It's been a problem for a very long time. The transition to the git era took a while and didn't happen smoothly. I didn't check, but there may be some of the SaaS services being bound to specific repo services. >> Option to start build from scratch or keep the state from the previous build > This should be part of the build script. "make clean build" or "make build". A script can't "rm -rf . " at the start of the build or it destroys itself ;) A script could "rm -rf . " at the end of the build... except when the build fails midway, leaving the machine in an inconsistent state. >>Integrate with your user accounts (LDAP, Google Auth...) >Not sure whatthe case for this is, but the authorization can be passed to the build script anyway. I am not talking about build. I am talking about people signing in to the web ui with some sort of user accounts. >> Good and stable API [jenkins API is a complete mess] >What do you need the api for? To add/remove slaves programmatically. To trigger builds and get build status. Among other things. >> Storing and retrieving build artifacts >Again, better off being a feature of the build script. The CI SHOULD have a feature to store artifacts or upload to ftp/ssh/s3. (other) There is no excuse for not supporting common use case. It's better to have CI's dev program it right once, than having one million user each baking their own buggy scripts. >> Bisecting >This is a job for humans. WTF. The job of a human is not to click 20 times through the interface only to enter the git hash of 20 commits. Just gimme a button "build last N commits" or "build commit between X date and Y date" >>Running batch of builds / parametrized builds (had matrix build in mind specifically) >Doesn't every CI server have this? As a matter of fact: No, they don't. (I was also surprised to discover that in the wild). >> Graphing and statistics (build durations, build failures, ...) >This is really not important. It is important. We NEED to check the evolution of the build duration. >> Backup system for the configuration of the CI master (must be scriptable) >Why is this part of the CI server and not a general backup system? It is the responsibility of one's system that the system is backable. If all the configuration of the CI is a "conf.xml". It's okay, I can just copy that file. If all CI master is a mess of thousands of directories and files, where the master node configuration and the build configurations and the past build info are intertwined. I am forced to backup everything together, which may be 100 GB of data. If the past builds and current configurations are referencing each other with unique GUID and numbers, in a way that ANY file missing might cause the jenkins server to not boot... I am fucked, especially so because there is no way to backup atomically 100 GB of data across 100000 files and directories while builds are running. > This really isn't important. The CI server being out for a few hours will not bring down the company. If you have that many projects then there is no problem with having multiple build servers. Given your arguments of all things being useless. You seem to be working in a very small company or not have worked professionally at all. Please try to envision a real company: When the CI system breaks, there are 100 people who are interrupted and they will be partially unable to work until it is fixed. By The Way: It's easier to maintain and manage one big system. By splitting one CI pipeline into 10 CI, you just created 9 SPOF and you just increased the failure rate dramatically. >>Build in monitoring in the CI master itself (e.g. manage the space taken by projects and artifacts) with a notifications when things are going critical. >Like the backups, this should be part of a general OS monitoring, no need to complicate the CI server It is the responsibility of one's system that the system is reliable. First) CI servers have disk space issues. I expect a sensible way to find out what projects/builds are taking and the ability to clean it up. [a monitoring system will give full disk alert, it doesn't understand the CI internal organization] Second) If the dev are not retarded, they can put a notification for everyone to see when the disk is at 99% instead of writing the last % and crashing... only to never reboot again because it corrupted itself in the process. You can't have 30 years of experience in your job when your job didn't exist 30 years ago. You can't have 15 years of experience in [whatever thing] when [whatever thing] didn't exist 15 years ago. Note: 15 years ago = 56k internet, paying by the hour, for the 0.xyz% of select few people on the planet I never said that the experience is irrelevant. To quote the other comment: "20 years experience feels like 4 years experience repeated 5 times with different buzzwords". There are two things which come to mind and that I'd like to point out. - Each 4 year cycle is bringing less and less experience. The guy who is starting now is going to work for at least 45 years. We could say that it will be a tremendous amount of experience, but it's more likely than he will not be able to sell > 30 years of experience. [it's challenging and not specific to tech work] - There exist no people with > 30 years of experience. That's not to negate the handful of these guys in the SV and a couple of research centers across the world. Relatively speaking, the amount of people with 30 years of experience is roundable to zero. - Corollary: It's difficult to know what it's like to have 30 years of experience in the current market. - Final word: Shiny technologies are only affecting the 20 years old bro coders in the 70 hours web startups. The bunch of the jobs are still in old school industries like medical/aerospace/finance/government/contracting who stick to old school tech and never upgrade. Don't believe the lies a single second. The truth is, it is NOT tough being 3X-4X in silicon valley. What is tough is accepting to put up with startups about to fail, long hours, mediocre pay, little benefits and immature coworkers. That does limit the size of the job market. That issue is faced by everyone, independently of their age. The youngers selves just happen to have lower standards in average It could be science. The solar system is moving at 230 km/s after all. [1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galactic_year Short version of the article: A few startups in the self-driving space were recently acquired [by Uber,GM,Google,...] for $10M per head. It's common to see successful tech startups selling for $1M per head. The extremes go for a lot more money. Nothing new. Way too much clickbait in the title.