What are your thoughts on combining the programming subreddit and this site? I know I'm probably just bringing up an issue that has been beaten to death somewhere in a hideously long thread, but consciousness makes me think strong AI is impossible. This is my line of thought: 1. Consciousness is essential to human intelligence, because our great mental advances come from our awareness, and objective description, of our own mind and thought processes. 2. A consciousness is by definition irreplicable, since two different consciousnesses are essentially different. 3, If strong AI is possible (and computational), and there is no essential difference between copies of the same code, then multiple identical copies of the same IA mind can be made. 4. If 1 and 2 hold, then 3 is false. Therefore, strong AI is impossible. If any of these assumption need elaboration, let me know. And please, by all means, direct me to that hideously long thread instead of answering my argument in detail. I don't like to waste people's time. Much obliged. Cool, thanks for the reply. Well, if consciousness/free will an illusion, doesn't the notion of illusion require a consciousness to be having the illusion? And why does it make sense to say we have to act as if we can choose to act in order to act, if it's an illusion? Yeah, I know the arguments in the end tend to boil down to: we're just matter, therefore all intelligence is AI, QED. But, can we go the other way? AI is logically impossible, therefore we're not just matter. That's why I'm interested in the purely logical case for AI here. As for whether it is meaningful to say we aren't just matter, it seems so on the surface of things. Most of oure concepts that we use to communicate aren't material, especially if consciousness is an illusion. I.e. there is no such physical thing as 'red.' Yet, we still seem to communicate quite effectively, even better than when restricting ourselves to purely physical terms. At least in terms of thought experiments, it makes no sense to me. Think about it like this. If I can copy my consciousness and place it in a different environment, then I should be aware of that other environement at the same time I'm aware of this one. But for this to happen, information has to be transported from both locations to eachother in no time. While pretty awesome if true, the laws of physics don't allow for this, as far as I know. So if I said I was going to give you immortality by copying your consciousness, but you wouldn't be aware, wouldn't you feel gypped? I like what they do with microfinancing in india. Give someone a little bit of money to start a simple street business, i.e. food vendor, and only give him a bit more if needed to help his business run. The real problem is throwing money at problems without much thought. We westerners have done this way too much. Kids' creativity and problem solving abilities are significantly underestimated. It would be cool if scientist could record their research in a machine understandable format. Then people could either state their assumptions or conclusions and the computer would provide the other side, or state what information is missing. Oh, I know that scientist currently use computers to prove things. I mean as a general method of organizing and correlating knowledge that anyone could use. I've seen a similar project, an ontological Wikipedia, but it's probably too tedious for the general practitioner. Though I'd agree with his portrayal of 7 Habits. Reads kind of like those How To Get Rich books that are meant to get the author rich. Machiavelli seems to have gone through a lot of trouble just to write a satire. Hack hack hack? Hackity hacka hack. Hack hack hack! It's generally been said that sin pays of in the short term, while being very bad in the long term. I've started listening to my body more than the experts. After all, it has alot more experience than they do. Traditionally, man has two kinds of intellectual abilities: contemplative and practical. The only time the purely practical is best is when you aren't supposed to think critically. Hijack that google image labelling game idea and apply it to something like WoW. Basically, make an open platform that encodes computer AI hard problems humans can solve easily into a MMOPRG format. Generic combiner of web 2.0 apps. Not the same as a personalized homepage, e.g. google's homepage. The system would work with any web 2.0 app that provided an API, and would either give users an easy plug and play method of combining the apps to create something new, with easy app discovery; or use AI to resolve general goals. Basically, SOA on a global scale. autodidact - state the subject area you want to learn and it presents the best resources for learning the subject. Someone has to make sure the hackers aren't hacking things up. (Btw, how about a couple synonyms for 'hacker?') Isn't yahoo pipes just rss feeds? The google game was kind of fun. Another unoriginal example would be using RTS games for real wargaming. I haven't come up with a good characterization for the general case though. As #4 lite, it'd be cool to have a subreddit here for people to submit ideas. Then all us slackers can feel useful, and maybe make some money. I think the more important thing is depth and rigor. To have truly original ideas, we need to understand the underpinnings of our current civilization. Otherwise, many 'innovations' are merely going back down the path we came from. I had an undergrad education like this. We went through the main books of the Western canon, and instead of being lectured at all the time, most of what we did was creative and rigorously scholarly. We'd read a couple classics a week, with a couple class debates/discussions concerning the works. Then, we'd have to write a thesis every semester. Finally, we were highly encouraged to do important extra-curricular activities such as acting or music. Probably one of the best educations you can get in the US. What, you sleep and eat or something? Psshh, mere mortal. Here's a similar question I asked in proggit: http://programming.reddit.com/goto?id=23yo7 No, it was at Biola University (private Christian college) with the Torrey Honors Institute. Probably not quite up to par with St John's and the other one (Thomas Aquinas?), since THI only started about 10 or so years ago. Yeah, I third the Master and Commander series. Besides extraordinary historical detail, his characters show a deep understanding of the human personality (at least to a socially inept geek). That being said, I'm only on my second one so far. Is freakonomics pretty credible? It seemed intriguing, but also smelt a bit of marketing obvious ideas when I flipped through it in the store. Being a programmer, you've probably felt the appeal of Platonism, so I'd recommend a couple of his dialogues: Phaedrus, Symposium, and the Republic (in order of length, short to long, since they are pretty dense). I'd also recommend reading the Republic last, so you can get over the misconceptions you were probably taught in high school. Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind is also very enlightening for a) understanding the goals of the enlightenment, and b) understanding the current state of our culture. Along a more specific line, what are the best books for understanding the business world? That's pretty cool. Do you know whether it's been effective? We were segregated in the sense that THI took the place of GE. Otherwise, we were even more involved in campus life, representatively, than the normal students. Plus, we all had normal majors. Yeah, I thought it was an incredible experience, much more interesting and fun than any schooling I'd received before. The professors worked hard to encourage the students to take ownership of their education. In a way, the fact that it is a young program works in its favor, since it hasn't been encrusted by tedious layers of administrative BS. My main criticism is of myself, that I did not take the initiative more and was not brave enough during discussions. oh right, duh Yeah, nothing matters besides me and this life. Which is why people sin. Really? Pride, sloth, envy, wrath, lust, etc. all seem to cause more trouble for the person who can't control them. How do they maximize long term gain, or are you thinking of something else? Check out scriptoriumdaily.com for the tutors' blog. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Before Plato and Heraclitus, Greeks thought reality was essentially chaotic and impossible to understand. You can see this in their creation myths. Heraclitus originated the idea of the Logos, a pattern underlying everything, and Plato built on this. Articles like Steve's happen when people don't know their history of philosophy or science. Search for logos here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heraclitus The thing about philosophy is that it ultimately questions everything and is the gateway to every new realm of knowledge. Useless philosophy is just stagnant thinking that has given up on truth. Ah right. However, this has a bad long term effect for the market as a whole. Just look at what such thinking has done to our culture as it is. What is the education method, or is it proprietary? Crock pot + tortellini + spaghetti sauce + meat A classical education instead of GE: intense reading of the classics, 6-9 hours of intense discussion/debate with your peers, & a thesis every semester. The comment/submit buttons needs to be hidden in the source, like the down vote button was, so only hackers can figure out how to use the site. Yeah, exactly. All these mediums are just waiting to be integrated. Just think how similar chat and email are. On a hacker site, why not make all the important tools only accessible to hackers? The companies pay them. Companies bid to have users increase their process' priority, or promise to pay a percentage of the earnings. Plus, most people barely use their CPU at all most of the time. If the system was secure with enforceable contracts, I don't see why this wouldn't work out. Assuming a material origin implies reality is orderly and understandable? Rant rant rant!! Rant. I wouldn't just be focussed on ID, I have wide ranging interests. That's why I was wondering if anyone would just generically fund me to do whatever. Regardless of my interests, isn't this something you'd want? Why go through all the effort of a start up if there's a quicker way to get independence? Ok, noted. I agree the ID debate, and like flame wars, should be censored. I value this community and don't want to bring it down. I wasn't quite sure everyone would automatically censor me for the idea, so I was testing the water. I think mentioning controversial subjects should be alright, like if someone wanted to know what I would pursue if given the means, but debates about them should be done offline. Yeah, it was. I don't get it either. But it's just karma. Not like it's important or anything. Kinda, though I know if I had alot of money, it would be kind of cool to fund people who are passionate about something to just go do their thing and see what happens. I figure creative work prospers best when a person isn't tied down to some specific problem space. This is where most of our great scientific revolutions seem to have come from. This was true for the Greeks too, who built so many of our intellectual foundations. I see. Well, sounds like you know more about the pre-Socratics than I. I was under the impression that it wasn't until Heraclitus that people thought things in our mind, like math, would correspond with external reality. Uh, have you read Plato's dialogues? The defining characteristic is that they aren't philosophical treatises, i.e. not pedantic monologues claiming all knowledge. Their whole point is to stimulate the reader to think for themselves on very interesting questions. But software has the shortest feedback loop between high metaphysical concepts and practical instantiation. For example, OO is a variation on the notion of Forms. It'd be useful to see some support for your claims about the history of philosophy. Specifically: 1. Aristotle's Metaphysics, and the like, had no effect on its readers. I'd also like a clearer definition of "did something." I.e. does changing the way one thinks about practically theoretical fields "do something?" 2. No one challenged the two until the 1600s. Kant, by himself, isn't a good source since his philosophical agenda was to overthrow the relevance of religion (which was tightly coupled with classical thought). See Allan Bloom's Closing of the American Mind for details. For my undergrad I studied the classics, and I'd say your generalizations are too general. People, such as Aristophanes, said the same things about Plato in his day that you say in your essay. Yet, generations of great thinkers have chosen Plato over the Cynics and Epicureans, today's relativists and materialists. Your critique of the uselessness of philosophy is more indicative of the fact that many of the humanities in academia today are purposely biased towards relativism or materialism. While I agree that philosophy should be tested with practice, I don't think practicality should restrict inquiry. Otherwise, we become very short sighted. Math is a great example of this, which you've pointed out in one of your essays. Finally, you misunderstand Aristotle's support for 'useless' theory. You're confusing 'useless' with 'pointless.' All useful activities are done for a specific goal, they aren't important in themselves. Therefore, the ultimate point of useful activities is by definition 'useless.' Aristotle thinks the final goal we all aim for is happiness, and the highest form of happiness is a kind of knowledge. So what happens if I am merely testing whether people care more about the quality of my comments, vs some ideology I may or may not buy into? If this is going to be a better community than reddit, the way a person argues and supports their view should matter more than whether they happen to hold a controversial idea. For the most part I've been pretty impressed. The Diogenes quotes are interesting, but don't they lampoon Neo Platonic thought more than Plato himself? Even more important, was Socrate's Republic meant to be taken seriously? For a better presentation of the contemporary view of philosophers like Plato, you should read Aristophane's Clouds. It's also alot deeper in meaning than a mere facile mockery of poorly understood ideas. Godel was a Platonist. That being said, I am very much in favor of hacker philosophers. 1. Creative, logical thinking is an inherent part of what we do and love. 2. We created and own the best communication and research network in history. 3. Programming brings our ideas into existence in very short order, and allows us to model pretty much every aspect of reality. Unfortunately, we also tend to get stuck in our own little world of ideas, a important strength which is our major flaw. That's a good point. I'd have to research the issue. Elaboration: keep in mind the whole point of creating a city in words was to get a look at the soul, and Socrates hints at the fact the city wouldn't be practical in real life. Damn, now I have to learn Haskell. Huh, I'll have to find out what made Heraclitus' notion of Logos so distinct then. So if our universe is essentially computational, what are the implications of Godel's incompleteness theorem? Doesn't this mean there must be an infinite number of axioms our universe is generated from? The problem I see is 'truth' that is not generated by the system the universe is a function within. To then maintain truth is that which corresponds to reality gets hard. Kinda trippy. Science makes progress by assuming there are not real contradictions. I think the author makes a good point about criteria that are most easily fulfilled by the privileged. Yeah, that would probably work as long as I don't have tough competition that can work full time. So when I release, I have to release pretty complete and bug free, and it'd help if the product was very hard to reproduce without knowing the internals. I can probably do those, since I currently have a year and a half of comp sci research ahead of me (getting a masters). Any recommendations on especially pertinent fields? I'm planning to look at SOA type stuff - intelligent agents, evolutionary algorithms, systems architecture, etc. I'd like to throw some Godel in there too, but can't really see the applicability yet. The rate of ship jumping is accelerating. First, diggers jump to reddit. Then redditers jump to proggit. Proggits jump to hacker news. Where next? Soon it'll be a new social network site for every new thread. Then we'll need a meta social network site, and so on. I bet the reddit engine could be adapted to do this. If the rating system could also rate items for you based on the interests of those who rated the page, where the rating value would be a function of the similarity of interests to yours, then it would no longer be eternal September. The only thing missing would be a meta commenting system, similarly constructed. That the system would be based on existing networks would ensure the cross pollination of ideas between different interest groups. The bulletin board system at my college did this. Quite handy and very missed once I left. The delay function is useful for other things too... Paul Graham is so good, good was defined as (+ Paul Graham good), and implemented with tail recursion. You're right. I can have all the time I want at Fort Knox. Anyways, this is part of thinking around the problem. A deep solution is better in my situation than scratching some random itch, since anyone can do the latter. So, to rephrase my question more exactly: what are the deep underlying problems of the web that need the type of strong theory I can learn at university? In answer to your last set of questions, something that really needs to be made is an aggregation service for all the web 2.0 stuff out there. People want an integrated, secure, and trust based work/socializing platform, and my current research interests are geared towards solving this kind of problem. Facebook is trying to do this, but I don't think they have a good mechanism yet for integrating apps. Leo Strauss would say otherwise. He has a whole book about Aristophane's take on Socrates, highlighting the crucial tension between the philosopher and the rest of society - the reason Socrates was killed. According to Allan Bloom, the whole enlightenment project can be explained as an attempt to solve this problem by displacing religion with philosophy, through science. Ok, here's a better one: Chuck Norris wanted to be like Paul Graham, and tried to learn tail recursion. The best he could do was a roundhouse kick. Just remember how important the fool is in Shakespeare... I like the notion of how constraints help. I think that's pretty key, prevents feature creep and the rest, which could easily overwork a full time team that gets to ambitious. Aw cummon! I thought this was the ultimate cap - tail recursion? roundhouse kick? Chuck Norris? haha? YCU I'm not referencing ID. Heh, sounds like bait, but I stick by what I said and not take it here. You can email me, eric holloway, with google's email service if you want to know my views on ID. The point is, why do you want to get rich? I thought most hackers here aren't in it for the money alone, but for the freedom it gives them. But if all you hackers really care about is moolah, then that's pretty boring. If you look at history, how many of the really fundamental, ground breaking ideas came from the people who mainly cared about getting rich? But, I'm not proposing a different system. I'm all for people sponsoring startups. Just if people are interested in sponsoring hacking that's primarily aimed at interesting ideas, I'm more for that. I suspect pg is headed in this direction once YC becomes lucrative enough. His philosophy posts obviously show he's interested in much loftier things, albeit with empirical feedback. Which is a waste of time if I can get funded. This is a general question asked on behalf of all hackers who primarily want financial independence. Idea modeler means computers. Romantic, but I don't want to be a starving artist if I can avoid it. Well, it's one of those questions that get right to the heart of the issue, but people don't feel comfortable asking because their context is based on one specific answer. Many times, those are exactly the questions that should be asked. Sometimes they're just retarded. I decided to give it a shot. Seriously, think how little money it takes to live, and fairly comfortably - probably only about $20,000 a year. That's nothing for any of the multi-millionaires that roam this site. There should definitely be some kind of criteria to determine whether a person is promising (such as what they've done on their own time), but besides that I don't see any problem with the idea. There's also kawa: www.gnu.org/software/kawa/ It's scheme implemented in java, so you can still call all the java libraries. It may also be possible to recover the java code from the class files kawa creates using jad, but I haven't tested this yet. Jad: www.kpdus.com/jad.html I wish more courses were taught this way. I became interested in programming because I wanted to make games, and that naturally lead me to learn higher math to do 3d graphics. Plus, this gave me the background of trying to solve some important problems myself, so the solutions I was taught in school made sense and stuck a lot easier. I think it would be possible to base a comprehensive education around making a computer game. Comp Sci would provide the technical and theoretical background, while classes such as history, english, art, etc. would provide the material for the game. This gets around the problem of a person having to waste comp sci time on non comp sci game related problems, and they learn to integrate everything they learn to a much higher degree. Plus, it'll be more fun to grade their work. Probably Shakespeare's too. Uh, gregorian/rennaissance/etc. chant? Classical too, though don't really know who's playing usually. I like Chopin alot. The best is music that sounds like thinking. I also second silence. That's the usual case. I've been learning about this transition in my software design class, and the funny thing is the waterfall method should never have been in the first place. The method is actually based on a misinterpretation of Dr. Winston Royce's paper, where he advocates a system like rational unified process, but a bit more nuanced. If non hackers created a successful web startup, then they must have some other kind of talent going for them, which is a plus since most others in the YC community have the hacker thing going for them.