what would happen if a suspect destroyed the keys? What would happen if the suspect destroyed keys prior to arrest? (ignoring the similar difficulty of proving this) That last part, what? Excellent app! I too am jealous you beat me to it. I just wanted to say one thing, you can make it open source, or wait until someone else does it. Now if that isn't karma I don't know what is Hey, I'd be very interested to hear more about this! Do you have a newsletter or something like that? I had the idea that there is so much untapped potential in selective breeding of cannabis after reading about various terpenes and their medicinal properties. The market's just been breeding for ridiculous THC levels (I daresay harmful levels - unfortunately I know several heavy smokers who have been institutionalized) without the CBD to balance it and without exploring the role of the other chemicals. So I'm happy to hear that this is changing! (Like that news of a 15% CBD 1% THC strain from a few years back) I wish you the best of luck! To clarify on the last bit, I was thinking it would be great if the genetics from the new high CBD strains could be brought into the mainstream by crossbreeding with popular strains. My interest in this has to do with the idea that in the 1970s, CBD and THC levels were both around 1%. THC has skyrocketed but CBD has not. THC is known to trigger psychosis and paranoia in sensitive individuals, while CBD reduces anxiety and was found to be as effective as other anti-psychotics. TL;DR too much sativa not enough indica :) Mouth sounds. Thanks for posting that! :) I'm sorry to hear that. are you Steve? I read a similar story a while back! I'm curious, could you kill an animal and cut it up? Do you realize you pay people to do this every time you buy meat? Are you cool with that? In the Netherlands I've had to declare bitcoins on my taxes the last few years. I had the idea a few months ago that, since no one wants to see ads, and since most devices greatly under-utilize potential output, ad networks would slowly be replaced by computation networks over the next few years. So for the time you spend (actively) on a website, instead of being shown ads, you "rent" your device's CPU etc in exchange for the content. woah. What kind of lists are those? How do you benefit from having fewer readers? could you post a bit about your experience? How has this benefited you? Do you mean that exercising led to you becoming vegetarian or cutting down meat? Edit: lol looks like I should get some sleep Vertical tabs for web browsing. It lets me keep everything in one window, and reveals the true nature of internet browsing (an ever expanding tree, rather than a randomly edited list). You can see which page spawned which ones, which is a blessing for keeping the structure organized. Plus the vertical list is much more readable than microscopic tabs or ones hidden with horizontal scrolling. Also, horizontal screen space is cheaper! I use the Tree Style Tab add-on with FireFox, it's the most solid one I've tried. Has anyone here tried PhotoReading? It's the same principle of reading the same text several times, along with an additional preparation by "photo reading": taking in the whole book with a relaxed gaze, one page at a time (about 1 second per page). This makes it easier to find relevant information later, as you instantly familiarize yourself with the high level structure of the material: the relationship between the layout of the page and the information contained. Highly recommended! Link shortcut: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ionescu007/lxss/master/The... My problem with generic chargers is a bit less subtle: my phone battery melted. Oh my god. Can you share any results? Simple and beautiful. That's a really interesting idea. If that existed here I would subscribe to you now. What is this mysterious ubiquitous "unauthenticated ssh tunneling"? You may be interested in Quikscript, a writing system inspired by shorthand and intended to replace the messy English writing system. I'm curious, how much benefit is there to having a fibre connection in NZ except for NZ websites? What's the max speed? Not familiar either, but that's an amazing idea Which system did you choose? If you want to be paranoid, I wouldn't type sensitive info into those machines (for any number of reasons) Thank you. That's fascinating. I'm trying to do this with bots. How many ports are there? Are you referring to something like this? http://blog.patshead.com/2013/09/generating-new-more-secure-... At least in term of Apple, it makes a bit more sense when you consider that apple owns Beats, the best selling Bluetooth headphones in the world, and also that they'll get paid a flat fee for each lightning compatible set of headphones made. It's about the courage to make lots of money! Thank you. My heart nearly stopped there. How about carbon nanotubes reinforced with carbon nanotubes? Would it be possible to make a browser plugin to do exactly that? Are those like dog years? {"Error":"sql: no rows in result set"} So... I dont want/need to think about this cause I'll be long dead? :) On a related note, how optimistic are you about life extending medical technology (which is likely to be accelerated by even minor advances in computing and AI)? UNIX and JavaScript? I'm noticing very short ads on YouTube (about 5sec) which are cheaper and more effective (ime) than the longer ones, which are usually skipped before they communicate the message and cause (more) annoyance. Wait.. what? I thought it has a headphone jack? My question is offtopic, but how do you keep lists of urls like that? Do you just use text files? I'm struggling with too much to read Wow how much do you have? I believe it has exceptional value, in the form of not spoiling the whole thing before you even click on it. I can't believe what I just read. Wow, that's great to hear about the head cam. Where are you putting these recordings? I wasn't able to select an answer until the image finished loading (well, it would submit the answer I selected at that point). I would suggest making it so it doesn't have to load the image before you can respond, and maybe compress them a bit more :) Here you go! https://www.justinobeirne.com/essay/what-happened-to-google-... it was on HN a few months ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11604387 Mgmt > Mgmt + Dev ? Hope you don't mind I ride off the bottom comment ;) I came here to post that the article misses the point! As you said, diamond rings are about the status. They are a signal, first and foremost. It's like expensive cars and (dare I say) Apple products: the wastefulness is an indicator of wealth, just like the peacock's massive tail is wasteful: it is expensive to grow and detrimental to its ability to escape predators. So, as dimino suggested, I would spend the same amount... but I'd spend it on Moissanite ;) The Internet = other people's computers I wonder how much I'm working to combine the technologies of spectrograms and photo-reading to be able to quickly skim any audio or video. Though, by the time I'm done it will probably be trivial to just use speech recognition ITT: everyone talking about Telegram instead of Telegraph. How does userbase affect usability? Also, I tried Wire recently, which has e2e and all your messages on all your devices. I tnink sent messages duplicated, encrypted with each of your devices keys. So when you add a device it can't read previous messages. What do we do about this? Thanks for the info. On a tangentially related note, do you have any idea what happens to the concept of sea level on earth as the sea level changes? No. What is your reason to be scared? Approx the intelligence of a cat "except AWS" I've been thinking about things like this, where for example, if you only buy vegetarian food at McDonalds you are still supporting deforestation and inhumane treatment of animals. If you buy AWS you are supporting the inhumane treatment of humans. Judging by the article and the comments, that sounds to me like more effort than Amazon is worth. Yeah they're usually more of the same but further along the timeline. "I don't care about price or hours (within reason), I care about not having to think about it." Brilliant, thank you for your comment! Does the caloric restriction thing basically mean that for each person there is a certain amount of food they can eat before they die? May i ask what is the benefit of using your own as well as an outside solution? More info? That sounds fascinating. Mini anecdote: met a very friendly schizophrenic guy in a coffeeshop who got really paranoid and uncomfortable after he smoked... and apparently he smoked all the time. Well.. if you have a latent mental illness and you take psychoactive substances, you may have a bad time. The issue is complicated: people often don't know about their illness and don't know that they respond differently to substances than other people do. I'm looking forward to a future where genetic testing for these things is as common as testing your drugs for purity (which, i hope, will also be be more common!) My friend in med school mentioned a study that found a number of genes for which smoking cannabis increases risk of developing schizophrenia, and a small number for which smoking cannabis actually decreases it! If anyone has heard of this I'd love a link to the study Wow, thanks for sharing that Thanks for the link, that's incredible. Like, incredibly bad. Have you heard any news on this? I enjoy reading words which indicate the person who wrote them is not entirely dead inside. It provides, i feel, for a Mor Better Reading Experience™ Would you care to elaborate? As someone who spends about half my free time on both websites, I am experiencing a mixture of hurt and intrigue. What about OS X? http://webcomicname.tumblr.com/post/154211839894 How do people make SVGs these days? Inkscape? By hand? A combination? Wow, that sounds neat Wait a minute, switched to Linux because of gaming? I'm considering switching to macOS so I can play StarCraft. (That's not the only reason haha) No. Where's that sarcasmark when you need it! Uh, maybe I'm missing something, but aren't backlinks the entire concept Google is based on? I used to click only on ads I didn't like, to charge the creators money, until I realized the networks were optimizing for showing me only ads I hated. The trick is that using a simple frame-by-frame approach means the details filled in only depend on the frame, not on the details which were filled in to the previous frame, so you get crazy jitter. Deepart.io now has a video mode [0] that takes this into account. [0] https://deepart.io/video/ I believe the down-scaling is done the old fashioned way. The up-scaling uses a neural network to guess what the original image was. See waifu2x [0][1]. The new thing here is that they're using it to save bandwidth, and running it on the user side. [0] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nagadomi/waifu2x/master/im... [1] http://waifu2x.udp.jp/ That sounds interesting. Do you have any links? I must not understand what you mean by scaling up, I though the best way to scale up pixel art was to disable interpolation, so each pixel just becomes a perfectly sharp square? Solid advice! Would you mind sharing some of the systems you've implemented? Any suggestions? Your comment reminded me of Karma Yoga, the practice of taking action without attachment to the outcome. I have used this successfully this very week, with my worst insomnia yet. A trick i learned is that writing mainly helps me to clarify my thoughts, so i realized i can do that without turning on the light and getting a pen: i can use a voice recorder (on my phone) and whisper into it, like journaling out loud. Hope this helps! Do you mean to say that they were running a mainframe emulator on a mainframe? Yes! I second this. I started using Insight Timer and am now meditating every single day for the first time. I would like to expand on atroyn's reply: Every choice you ever make is self-reinforcing. If you choose to do the "right" thing or the "wrong" thing in any given moment, that will reinforce your tendency to either persevere or to give up, in the future. So while some moments of decision may seem more important than others (with obvious / immediate consequences), these moments are in fact all supremely important. Over time these decisions solidify into habits and character traits. Ultimately, they will determine your fate in life. Really? I googled to check but only found Password Safe. What is insane about it? Thanks, that's somewhat uplifting. They say the eyes are the window into the soul, but really we're just looking at each other's brains! Probably not what OP meant, but I usually have to look something up on Google for every few lines of code I write. It takes me less time to look things up than to learn em properly.