> surely no government would ever enact such a scheme Heh. I would not put ANYTHING into the "surely they wouldn't" category when it comes to government.... Oh it was a little funny. Lighten up. Not only writing the code first, but write with the idea that because they're "agile", their code is somehow easier to change 15 times as the complete understanding of the functionality emerges. As a developer on the receiving end of "stories" I find that a few sentences on an index card are, in most cases, woefully inadequate at describing the desired functionality. So what happens is you end up going back and forth to the PM with your questions, which is inefficient, OR you make assumptions to fill in the gaps, which sometimes works out well and sometimes does not. On the other hand I've also had the unhappy experience of wading through dense, arcane specification documents written in stilted language ("the system shall...." ad nauseum) that are ultimately not much better. In the end I think what this illustrates is that writing a good, concise, clear, complete functional specification is not easy. It requires a talented PM and no formulaic approach, whether it is agile or anything else, can get around that. I've seen many routines (functions, methods, procedures .. whatever) that are needlessly long due to overzealous use of the copy/paste technique. But once you eliminate that kind of stuff, I do agree that you can get to a point where you've abstracted too much -- and the actual thing you are trying to accomplish with your code becomes obscured. I have not read these studies, but to me it seems that the defect rate could rise because it's no longer apparent what's interacting with what, and in what order. If I have to hop around to numerous different 5 line methods (often in numerous different source code files) it becomes very hard to intuit whether the code is "correct" or even have any idea what it's doing. "Patri Friedman, a former Google engineer who now works for the Seasteading Institute, said floating cities are the perfect places to experiment with new forms of government." There are no new forms of government. They've all been tried. There are only people ignorant of history. Cute/Fun error messages will IMO get annoying really fast once the novelty wears off. Just like that clippy thing in MS Office. Absolutely false. Nobody in the US has "no access to healthcare at all." Go without != no access to Nothing really new in this post -- but the message bears occasional repeating: ideas are a dime a dozen, it's executing on one that few people can do well. This is the idea that underpins "poker planning" used in some agile software methodologies. You estimate a feature's required effort relative to other features that you (or the team) have completed in the past. It's interesting to me, because I've always been more partial to Joel Spolsky's philosophy that only the developer who implements a feature can estimate it, and only after the feature has been designed in detail. This study says that is all wasted effort (it's the "inside view"). Didn't work at all in my browser (Safari 3.2.1) Ants are not trying to text their friends, watch their GPS, and change the radio station while they are in formation. To get a job? Yes, especially if you're entry level. To start your own software company, work on open-source, freelance, etc. probably not. The more I think about this the more I think the comparison is not relevant. Ants are all going from point A (the colony) to point B (the food). Additional ants are not joining the line midway, nor are any splitting off to some other destination, nor do different streams of ants cross one another's paths. If you had a one-way one-lane road with no cross streets, merges, or exits, MAYBE the situation would be comparable; in the real world, I don't see a whole lot of relevance. Clever device, I'm not convinced it would save a lot of money for one person taking a quick shower every morning, but I do think it could benefit those households with three or four people all wanting a shower in the morning: by recovering part of the heat from the first showers, the last person has a better chance of getting a hot shower instead of a lukewarm or cold one. I agree on your point B, I think that companies can get to a point where they are like a cancer, they themselves thrive (for a while) but they can end up destabilizing the host organism. Not a perfect analogy, and I worry about giving the government the power to declare that a company is "too big" because historically such powers are abused. IF such size could be pre-defined on purely objective measures, perhaps there is a way it could work. Going into bankruptcy does not mean going out of business, at least not immediately. It basically just lets you put your debts "on hold" while you either reorganize or wind down under court supervision. Gives everyone time to take a breath and think rationally. Sounds pretty good in comparison to what happened? This is a good guide for someone getting started with git, but does not really explain why you might want to use git instead of some other version control system, such as svn. The title of this work implies it's something more than an introductory tutorial, but that's really all it is. Oracle 10g (10.1) was available for Mac OS X but they've not kept up and no 11g at all. I think they just found that the number of sales for that platform was too small. "if a human experimenter can make decisions independently of past events, then the particle can also make a free choice" The article does not make clear how "free choice" is different from "random chance" -- at least not to me. The government. Oh yeah great idea. So when you post something critical of the wrong official or say the wrong words on your website your certificate is summarily revoked. If you just need certs for in-house use, make your own. You can do that for free. Interesting viewpoint. The one I've heard is: if you DON'T have an exit strategy, it's just a hobby. Back to the mantra of Strunk and White: OMIT NEEDLESS WORDS. Quite frankly, I think that a traditional textbook is still best for actual coursework. Online is great for later reference, refresher study, and research, but no digital format has yet reached the level of usability and robustness as a printed textbook. My immediate reaction, having never heard of Dropbox, was "why not just use SVN". One that condones blatant copyright violation? Not sure. Let us know if you find one. Potentially very good news -- algae is not a food crop nor does it complete for acreage otherwise available for growing food. Also they seem to have figured out how to run a continuous rather than a batch-oriented production process, which should scale better. The 45 minutes is for a partial charge. Still, 300 miles beats the heck outta the 40 promised by the Volt. Also, you're probably not an Engineer. A real engineer is someone who is trained and certified to sign or "stamp" engineering documents and takes legal responsibility for their correctness. Don't graduate students have to defend their dissertations? Should be pretty easy to spot those who didn't actually do their own research. Hmm. To me this illustrates that we should be more skeptical of who we consider to be "experts" not that we should not seek counsel of those with subject matter expertise. Hint, someone with a TV show is probably NOT who you should be listening to. Agree! My C.S. undergrad program did not even cover specific languages. There were no courses such as "The 'Foo trendy du-jour' Programming Language" -- the language was incidental to the subject matter, and you were expected to learn the language, editor, OS utilities, compilers, debuggers, etc. on your own time. I don't fully buy into the arranged marriage concept, but won't deny that many of them are successful. I think one thing that probably helps a lot is that "older, wiser" people are looking at attributes of compatibility that younger people can't see in each other yet. I'm reminded of the advice from pg's never-delivered high school graduation address (posted here the other day): don't look for excuses to be lazy. Are drugs like Paxil the "lazy" way to avoid dealing with the realities of social interaction? For some surely not, but I think that for a good number of people they are. I think your last sentence answers your question. HTML and "the web" were designed as a simple information-sharing platform based on hyperlinked static text documents. Building actual business applications on top of this, even if you know how the web works, has always been pretty much a kludge. Did Canada push its banks to give mortgages to people who could not afford them? Anyone doing anything remotely private or personal on the internet is (or should be) encrypting anyway. Summary: people are irrational and make stupid decisions. The government knows better. Typical Time Magazine. I find that if I can stay physically active I don't miss caffeine. For example, when I go on vacation I typically don't drink coffee. But I'm usually at the beach, or have a lot of other stuff going on and I really don't miss it. If I stop coffee during a normal work week, I get the headaches, fatigue, etc. I think this is a view that some subset of developers has, but there's definitely another camp of developers who thrive in an entrepreneurial environment with a lot of focus on business success. I'm one. The company I work at was like that, and has now shifted more towards the "beehive" described here. I call it "developer day care" and it doesn't motivate me in the slightest. Actually I think a couple of ounces of lead would suffice. Nothing useful can stay free forever. Luck favors the prepared "The federal government simply isn’t raising enough money to pay for its obligations, Medicare being the biggest." ... and this was BEFORE TARP, TALF, AIG, GM & Chrysler.... Yes it is, in fact the last time I bought an "individual" plan for my family maternity was explicitly NOT covered; adding it would have made the premium much higher. I paid about $400/month for spouse and kids; I had my own coverage at work but they did not provide family coverage. If you KNOW you don't need maternity coverage that saves you a lot of money, but don't have any "accidents" as childbirth will cost you many thousands, up to hundreds of thousands if there are complications. All else is not equal, they don't call it "Taxachussets" for nothing. Some things are still best done face to face. I always just drop mine in the mailbox. I don't file electronically because of the fee. Hm, $10 (or whatever) to file electronically, or $0.42 to use the mail? Easy choice. "... proposed that in exchange for the GM bailout we spin out the Chevy Volt into an open source electric car platform." Counterintuitively, electric cars are not something that is a good idea in the near term. Why? The electrical grid does not have the capacity to absorb the additional demand. California for example has rolling blackouts during the summertime, just to moderate the existing demand. Imagine adding tens of thousands, or more, of electric car recharges to that... Widescale adoption of electric cars, even assuming they were otherwise acceptable to the public, will require a massive investment in electrical generation, the two practical energy sources being coal and nuclear, neither of which is a politically easy thing to pull off. Sadly, the fact remains that users don't read dialog boxes[1]. If you want to make a computing "appliance" that is not going to be subject to attack, you'll have to disallow owner-administrators and software installations altogether. [1] http://www.joelonsoftware.com/uibook/fog0000000249.html Not really a new idea to use a VCS as a document database, other folks have back-ended Wikis and document management systems with SVN, for example. But a nice story regardless, and another nudge for me to really take a closer look at git. First distributed VCS I heard of was darcs. I have not used it either, but from what I've read about the two, git has some real advantages in speed and robust-ness. Amen. What's it worth to YOU? Market demand and available supply sets the price. I've personally seen it happen twice. A company that has a reasonably well developed product is short on cash. Some "white knight" appears with a big investment, but the deal drags out, the company is forced into bankruptcy, and the so-called savior acquires it for a fraction of the original investment amount. Seeing this same scenario here makes me think it must be a common predatory tactic. Lesson is, if you've got a good product but are short on cash, be very wary of big investors. I've been told, by more than one person, that "web apps should not need [help|documentation|training] and while I understand the sentiment I agree that the act of writing user documentation, or training materials, exposes complexity and inconsistency quite effectively. Patents do expire, that's the whole point. The government will protect your idea for you for a period of time, in exchange for making it public. After that time expires, others are free to copy the idea -- that's how generic drugs come to market. You understate the costs of pharmacutical R&D. Most ideas fail, or do more harm than good. Of those that show some promise, there are extensive animal and then human clinical trials. More ideas wash out here. Laboratories cost money. Researchers cost money. Trials cost money. Defending class action lawsuits costs money. Comparing the cost of the raw ingredients to the retail price ignores a whole bunch of stuff. You don't necessarily pay more taxes. If a tax break motivates you to do X, and as a result you generate enough additional taxable income to offset the tax break, then the treasury comes out ahead. True, but it's usually a neighborhood association rule, not something that applies to a whole town. There were plenty of people opposed to nuclear power before TMI and Chernobyl happened. OpenBSD funds continued development by selling CDs. Is it really too much to pay $50 if you are yourself realizing value from the OS? And if you're really a tinkerer you shouldn't have much trouble installing without the CDs. Where a lot of people make their mistake is in spending tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on commercial databases and then doing nothing more than simple SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT type operations with them, bury them under an ORM and try to pretend they aren't there. Can you get your money's worth out of a database like Oracle? I think you absolutely can if you USE the features it comes with. If you don't want to do that, or don't need those features, then you are throwing your money away. Thank you. This is a PR move. They could mow the grass, let the goats eat it, send employees out with scissors, or burn the field twice a year and none of it would have any impact on global temperatures. 'cause HTML was designed primarily as a markup language, not a layout language. These studies come out like clockwork. Every few weeks we hear about the new discovery of a food or ingredient that will kill you. I say if you're not obese and in reasonably good health, eat what you like. Nobody escapes death because they don't eat Wonder bread. Even easier, have the students hand in the paper on actual....paper. Hard to corrupt that. Will quantum programs exhibit all possible bugs as well as correct behavior? Absolutely. You know who writes code at Accenture? 22-year-old liberal arts and business majors, in their first job out of college, who've had about 6 weeks of training in programming. OK, to play devil's advocate, Xen is nothing new in the same way that Pike claims Linux is nothing new. Hypervisors and virutalization have been around since the late '60s. I used dd-wrt to run my Linksys WRT54G as a wireless bridge. It has been flawless. I'm not convinced by this. SQL databases have proven over the years (decades) to be a very good choice for storing data. The author ticks off a litany of other products (document databases, cloud storage, memory object caches, message queues...) to consider instead. Now you have a bunch more stuff in the mix. Stuff to install, stuff to configure, secure, periodically patch or update, backup, etc. SQL databases don't scale? Maybe not in the extreme, but for the majority (vast majority) of web applications they will do just fine if they are used intelligently. I don't understand the obsession with trying to add a few years to human lifespans. I'd personally rather live a shorter enjoyable life than a long one full of depravation just so I can eek out a few more years at the tail end. I guess that's easy to say since I'm barely reaching middle age. I tried a test patch of that once: gloss white rustoleum. It actually worked for short term writing, but would absorb marker left on for more than a few hours. Wonder if they can't they be disabled by a strong EM field? That's basically how the RFID tags on merchandise are disabled at the retail checkout counter. Running the demo caused my Safari to crash Did you mean physicians? If not, I would not put much more stock in a physicist's opinion about sweeteners than any other random person's. A good lesson for those who think governments should be trusted with managing dossiers of any kind about their citizens (e.g. health care records). Sadly, this often makes no difference. Marketing can be done with prototypes, screen mockups, or less. "Microsoft has a problem—the whole industry has a problem. Everyone needs Windows 7 to be a huge success. In the past week, even Intel has been bemoaning the fact that nobody is upgrading machines like they used to." I really don't think this has anything to do with Windows 7 specifically. What's happening is that PCs have reached the point where even a machine that's a few years old running Win2003 is entirely adequate to do the things most people and businesses want a PC to do: run Office, read email, watch YouTube, surf the net. The value-added argument is just no longer convincing for many consumers, especially in this economy. “Our research shows that women directors are doing their jobs very well. But a tough board, with more monitoring, may not always be a good thing.” Hm. Let's think about this. Perhaps if AIG had more women on the board, they would have been more closely "monitoring" all the exposure the company had in its insurance of mortgage-backed securities. So maybe AIG would not have made so much money in that line of business prior to the collapse of those assets, but perhaps they also would not have needed a huge government bail-out either. Just speculating here... The study claims that women on boards tend to monitor more closely and perhaps that's because they are more risk-averse. I can't see that as always being a bad thing. Could be taken too far, but surely it's been lacking in recent times. My son put a quick halt to a bullying situation by responding in kind. Luckily the school was enlightened enough to consider the matter closed at that point. Probably half the content in most newspapers is "pointless babble" particularly in the "Lifestyle" section. 90% or more of email traffic is spam. Doesn't make the media useless. Didn't Microsoft already try basically this, and fail spectacularly, with Passport? We tried Yammer in a team of 12 - 15 devs. About half of them liked it. The other half thought it was "yet another annoying, distracting thing to take me out of my 'flow'" Funny, when I was a beginner most people hacking on a computer at home had two choices, either some dialect of BASIC or, assembler. Today you can probably choose from literally hundreds of languages. Here's what I'd recommend: start off with an interpreted language, maybe Python, and work through a couple of tutorials. If you want to be a little different maybe look at Lua. Then try to build something. Tutorials are good but not as motivating as your own project. I would avoid IDEs like Visual Studio at first, they have a lot of power but for a beginner they might be distracting and keep too much under the covers that you really need to understand. Then start exploring other stuff. At some point you should try a functional language. Work through a book like the Little LISPer until you "get" recursion, currying, how the Y-combinator works (no not this site). Definitely take the time to learn C and pointers. Even assembly. Learn about object-oriented programming. Exposure to all these perspectives will make you a better programmer, no matter which language ultimately becomes your favorite. According to google, the Chrome OS is a lightweight Linux kernel and a new, simple window manager. I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I guess maybe it will be packaged as a consumer appliance in a way that Linux hardly ever has been. My guess is he'll be moving on from high school early. XML is probably supported on more platforms, and certainly has better support for transforming into other formats (there are some analogs to XSLT for JSON but they're nowhere near as ubiquitous as XSLT processors Interesting, I've used svn for about four years and have never "lost" anything I've changed in my working copy. I've certainly had some cases of merge conflicts that were tedious to resolve, but my changes were all "there". And if you're working in a branch and commit to your branch before you try to merge back into trunk, you can always get everything back if something goes awry. I'm not saying git doesn't handle this better; I have not tried it yet myself. But in my experience it's possible to use svn without risk of losing your changes. The doctrine of the cold war was MAD, Mutually Assured Destruction. But the point wasn't that we had enough weapons to totally eliminate each other's populations, it was that we could totally destroy each other's economic and governmental infrastructure. Not really. A slap in the face is sometimes a good thing. It's very easy to get comfortable when you have a job and a decent apartment and a girlfriend -- enough of a life that you're no longer as "hungry" for more. You can coast like this for 5 - 10 years pretty easily then suddenly realize you've let a lot of time go by. Better to go for the goals now, before you have a mortgage and marriage and kids and other responsibilities which while not bad things, definitely complicate decisions about what to do with your life. Ha ha that's an old bone you dug up there, even so I recognize a few of those personalities in my present-day co-workers. I find that my swapped CAPS-LOCK and CTRL keys are enough to boggle most people who try to use my machine. I guess I have a little taste of what the guys who went thorough school using slide rules felt like when calculators that could do trig functions came out. I went through high school trig, calculus, and undergraduate college math classes with nothing more than a standard 10-digit "scientific" calculator. Graphs? You plotted those with a pencil. Though if you enter "business plan" into the search box you get a pretty relevant page. The subhead says "failure is good" but reading further it becomes clear that what he's saying is "failures come with the territory" Most startups fail. Successes are of course better, but failures are expected and not seen as negatives, more as learning experiences and motivators to succeed on the next attempt. Great start, was enjoyable and informative. Looking forward to the next chapters... e coli in any form of meat is from contamination of the meat with fecal matter in the butchering process, is it not? I assume cooking still kills all strains... Nice to see at least one other person thinks so.