I can't speak for Share This, but here's some actual data for AddThis from my site, http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ : Past year: 1.5 million visits, 4.7 million pageviews, and 108 "saves" via AddThis. In the past month, 40% of saves were for Facebook, 40% for Google Bookmarks, and 20% for browser bookmarks. Go to UC Berkeley. Is that realistic? Running random AdSense + 20,000 people a day = "more than" $1,000 a month? The reason I ask is that my site gets about 7,000 unique visitors a day. If 20,000 = $35 a day, 7,000 = $12.25 a day. I make about half that. I don't recall seeing any articles on HN about advertising options (AdSense vs. AdBrite vs...) or optimization. (Though it's possible I've simply missed them.) Any good resources I should investigate? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ You just need a bit better ads. I'd be quite happy with better ads, but my understanding is that one's control over what AdSense ads display on one's site is limited. Using the "competitive ad filter" you can explicitly block specific ads, but there's no opposite analogue: you can't say what kind of ads you want to run on certain pages. The ads that run are up to Google's discretion. It does its best to determine what the page is about and shows ads accordingly. Perhaps I need to tweak the template text, meta description, and meta keywords - but again, Google has final control over what ads are run. Do you think the ads are improperly placed? Thanks for the feedback! I actually used to have the big vertical ad ("wide skyscraper") in the right sidebar (where the "Subscribe to updates" etc. boxes are) but it performed terribly. Putting it where it is now increased clickthroughs by something like 10x. BTW, Google's AdSense terms "[prohibit] placing ads under misleading headings such as 'resources' or 'helpful links.'" https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=... > I'm not sure whether to be annoyed that their installer messes with my system configuration... Could you add more details / post a link before I try installing? I didn't see anything in the release notes, etc. Thanks. I took a class from George at Berkeley. We used Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and Its Challenge to Western Thought as the text. Absolutely fascinating stuff. The article ( http://edge.org/3rd_culture/boroditsky09/boroditsky09_index.... ) is well worth reading. She explains that English speakers will usually refer to a "short movie" or "long movie," and that Spanish and Greek speakers will usually say "small movie" or "big movie." Then: "Our research into such basic cognitive abilities as estimating duration shows that speakers of different languages differ in ways predicted by the patterns of metaphors in their language. (For example, when asked to estimate duration, English speakers are more likely to be confused by distance information, estimating that a line of greater length remains on the test screen for a longer period of time, whereas Greek speakers are more likely to be confused by amount, estimating that a container that is fuller remains longer on the screen.)" That one parenthetical sentence blew my mind. Edit: Added some missing context to the article quote. > I wonder if he really will? Really will what? "Bill Gates recently bought the rights to a series of lectures by legendary Caltech physicist Richard Feynman." Do you mean spend money to open source books? > Keeping very many bookmarks or history items seems to destroy performance... Amen to that. I have ~12,000 bookmarks, and FF3 on Windows takes ~10 seconds to both start up and shut down. > Why would you have that many bookmarks? Why shouldn't I? Firefox 2 handled it fine. Automattic has released their TOS and privacy policy under CC-SA. http://en.wordpress.com/tos/ http://automattic.com/privacy/ How much karma do I need for that privilege? How so? > "Uh, I'd love to say we have a plan," Torvalds replied to applause and chuckles from the audience. "I mean, sometimes it's a bit sad that we are definitely not the streamlined, small, hyper-efficient kernel that I envisioned 15 years ago...The kernel is huge and bloated, and our icache footprint is scary. A friend of mine trained himself to be able of lucid dreaming, but stopped with it when he began to have "nested" dreams... I experience that with normal dreams. I suspect it happens to anyone who has a vivid dreamlife. I wouldn't let this scare off any would-be lucid dreamers. > ...the Ctrl+K combination to get straight to the keyword box is equally useful for those who use one search engine... It's actually not. When typing in either the keyword box or the URL box, it shows similar previous searches in a dropdown. The URL box's method is superior: For suggestions, the keyword box does a "StartsWith" query against your previous searches. The URL box does a "Contains" query. The keyword box has a delay between when you stop typing and when previous searches are displayed. The URL box does not. (Firefox 3.0. Can't speak for other versions.) Google Begins Fixing Usenet Archive http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2009/10/usenet_fix/ From yesterday: Microsoft/Danger lose Sidekick user data in server failure http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=873882 54 points by bensummers 1 day ago | 63 comments > I would expect with all the revelations lately about Microsoft's behavior... What, in particular, are you talking about? > Perhaps he is referring to the sidekick/danger bump in the road... I thought that might be the case. > ...gaining... strained vendor relationships. With who, aside from T-mobile / Danger? If this incident is what the OP is talking about, I don't see how it's relevant for current or prospective Windows Mobile licensees. Very interesting. Keyword = "crush" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a crush (i.e. has a crush on the referenced person)" Keyword = "date" = brief description = "this person considers the referenced person to be a date (i.e. is dating the referenced person)" I'd argue that considering a person to be " a date " does not imply that one is dating that person. Doctorow: "In meta-utopia, the lab-coated guardians of epistemology sit down and rationally map out a hierarchy of ideas..." http://www.well.com/~doctorow/metacrap.htm > Much to my surprise the only mail I've got so far is people that are literally ecstatic that their pages weren't lost and people that send me their backups for inclusion. I seem to recall a recent post on another site about this - reddit maybe - about parallel efforts to archive GeoCities, and whether everyone was working together for maximum benefit. Did you make that post? If you could respond and link to it, I'd appreciate it. EDIT: Gotta be honest that I don't recall what exactly I'm talking about. Here are a couple reddit links for anyone curious: The making of Reocities.com - one man's attempt to archive the entire contents of Geocities.com http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... The Saving of Geocities, a tale of bandwidth and stress, most if not all Geocities content saved! http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/9yne3/the_saving... Attention downvoters: You are apparently not familiar with analogy syntax. Daemmerung is simply asking if there is a similar plugin, but using emacs syntax. AltaVista was great (or at least sufficient) until they disabled searching for phrases, which made them useless. It was at that point I switched to Google. Though AltaVista lost in a big way to Google, is it fair to say they are one of the 12 most tarnished brands? The Online Slang Dictionary - http://onlineslangdictionary.com The opinion of those who know significantly more than me is that newLisp is to be avoided. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=788157 In most anything written by a fan of newLisp, you'll find something like the following (taken from the linked article): > Today, unfortunately, whenever someone mentions newLISP on an online forum frequented by adherents of another LISP, an almost clan-like flame war will erupt. An adherent of one particular dialect, usually someone who has never used newLISP, will shout obscenities such as, "newLISP goes back on just about every advancement made by LISPs", or "dynamic scope is evil!" Maybe there's something to newLisp, but any time I see a group with that flavor of persecution complex ("All the criticism is wrong because they just don't understand !") I take pause. I haven't read (in your article or elsewhere) sufficient defense for newLisp's choice of o Lazy evaluation ("fexprs") over Lisp macros o "One-Reference-Only" memory management over garbage collection o Dynamic scope over lexical scope But you've found it "the easiest [Lisp] to setup, deploy, and develop for"? Great! newLisp has fantastic documentation and a helpful community? Perfect! I full-heartedly agree with zephjc: "if it works, it works, and more power to you." They're not productizing this any time soon. Read up on Gordon Bell and the MyLifeBits project. But software that reminds you of things for senimental life-lookback type stuff definitely has its niche. Absolutely. I'm sad this won't be productized soon (or ever.) Discussions about Microsoft tend to go a particular direction. I simply wanted to temper any Microsoft-will-by-default-show-my-kids-the-porn-I've-watched witch burning. > You can't patent something that has been publicly disclosed, including disclosure by yourself. Commercial use counts as disclosure. Incorrect. IANAL, so I will not attempt to correct you. I suspect YANAL either. Year-to-file is obviously different than cannot-file. making an invention != disclosure != filing != obtaining a patent. I was originally pointing out a fact lest others be led astray, but I'm not going to reply further. Rereading the thread, I think I misunderstood 10ren's point. I think we are all actually in vehement agreement. :) Apologies. Here are a couple pages I found in my bookmarks that contain some data. "Blasting the Myth of the Fold (2007)" http://www.boxesandarrows.com/view/blasting-the-myth-of "The myth of the page fold: evidence from user testing (2009)" http://www.cxpartners.co.uk/thoughts/the_myth_of_the_page_fo... > Most of my revenue has been been from virus and malware removal. I coupled the virus/malware removal with an antivirus installation service for $19 and most people gladly paid it. Once a computer has become infected, it's fairly impossible to determine if the infection has been completely eradicated.[1] I wonder that that $19 buys you. A few executions of anti-malware software until they claim "Clean"? [1] I realize that even in the absence of a known infection it's "impossible" to know whether you're infected. > For the love of god not VB. By "Visual Basic" I suspect he means VB.net. Do you have problems with VB.net or with VB 6 and prior versions? I've been working (very slowly) on a VMWare VM tailored for Lisp hacking. I posted to http://www.lispforum.com/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=588 to gauge demand. It didn't seem like there's much. I still plan on eventually "completing" it, but at the moment I'm sick of trying to get Emacs to behave in some small ways like other editors. > This much seems clear: the iPad will change how mobile workers work. Cops, postal workers, meter readers, field technicians & scientists, doctors, you name it. I'm afraid I haven't been paying attention: is there a brief, cogent argument for why the iPad will do this whereas the Tablet PC form factor did not? Wow. http://arclanguage.org/install should really be updated then. Self-taught? Uni course? What resources are you using? etc. The navigation on the front page is terrible. It's impossible to know that "n days left" means n days left of normal sleep , and hence those should be read first. I was able to figure out the nav only after clicking the links and checking the "posted-on" dates. 2dparts.com > Connection was reset while loading. > The page isn't redirecting properly > Firefox has detected that the server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete. > This problem can sometimes be caused by disabling or refusing to accept cookies. Screw it. > It was not even in principle possible for Mozilla, Opera and others to implement XHR as originally implemented by MS, since to do so would require implementing ActiveX support. Incorrect. The code to create an XHR object in IE looked something like this: var xhr = new ActiveXObject("Msxml2.XMLHTTP.6.0"); Any browser could absolutely have supported creating XHR objects in this manner without being forced to support ActiveX. What about if they use Scheme instead? Or switch not from C/C++ to Java, but from Scheme to Python? Hogwash. No good developer does what you describe, no matter what tools they use. > But making a living writing code, maybe even important code? Far more likely than you'd like to think. I've never seen developers who work this way: not in industry - not even in college. In my experience, the "mess around with the code arbitrarily until it works" style described by liuliu is the programmer's equivalent of a moral panic. Everyone talks about it and laments it, but it doesn't really happen. > I'm not even going to write about how this applies to hackers and why it could be a good lesson. ...How does it apply to hackers? Either I'm extremely dense, or everyone is projecting their own opinion on your vague comment. > to me this absolutely proves beyond any reasonable doubt that the software patent threat from Microsoft is real and not just some abstract academic debate. Honest question follows after the quote. http://www.techflash.com/seattle/2010/05/microsoft_sues_sale... > "Although Microsoft has been a frequent target of patent-infringement claims itself, it's only the fourth time in its history that the Redmond company has filed a patent-infringement suit against a competitor, and the company has said in the past that it views such actions as a last resort when it has been unable to negotiate a licensing deal." Do you use technology provided by (just throwing out names) Google, Apple, HTC, Oracle, etc.? Have they proven to be less litigious? If you do use technology provided by other companies, are you also planning on scaling back their use? > The turnover at MS seems to be intensifying. I haven't heard of any other high-profile departures recently. Have you? > On one hand, expect to hear many people outside Microsoft to boo this move since J. Allard seemed to be one of those "young executives who Got It". On the other hand, Steve Ballmer is left with less choices seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25. I'm confused. Did you read the article? "The Entertainment & Devices Division has posted operating profits in the company's most recent two fiscal years, and it's on track for another profitable year, rebounding from the billions of dollars in losses it posted as the Xbox business was getting up to speed." Why on earth would "this shake-up" be needed? I can't tell if you're talking about Microsoft as a whole or E&D specifically. Because you bring up laptops and Bing, I'll assume the former. > Microsoft isn't used to being second fiddle. Hell, look at how they're stagnating in the web browser arena. Microsoft plays second fiddle all the time . Aside from Windows, Office, and (_maybe_) VS, nearly all their products are ranked second (or lower) in popularity. MSN Messenger. Bing. Windows Mobile / CE. Xbox. Windows Server. IIS. SQL Server. > Bing is an also ran that can't even come close to Google's dominance, no matter how much money they throw at consumers with that cashback scheme. I've heard good things about Bing. Claiming they bought all their users is disingenuous. > When the vast majority of users are obsessed with social networking, writing small little text/tweets, bite-size 2D addictive casual games with one-button control, and playing music and youtube videos, how are you going to cash in on that if you're a Microsoft? Try to replicate Zynga and Twitter? Then what? You don't, and you then compare the current financials of Microsoft, Zynga, and Twitter. > Maybe -- and this could be the key -- MS needs to start _aquiring_ technologies instead of trying to reinvent them like they're some garage startup. Microsoft acquires companies _all the time_. It's a common criticism: "Microsoft has never created anything. They've just bought out companies that create things." "Like some garage startup"? Hardly. > Go buy some big sexy new technology, actually ship it (or hell, ship surface/origami/courier/etc.). Whatever criticism Microsoft deserves, failing to ship is hardly among it. > But then again, didn't they clean up (or there were some stuff going on) their Online divisions couple months ago (or even last 1 or 2 years ago)? I believe so, but I don't recall specifics. > Once in a while, there will be divisions that would require some changes. Couple years ago, Vista (or the OS div) was the main target. They moved Steven Sinofsky from Office to OS. Sure. My original point (in response to you) was that E&D is in the black - not the red - so your vision of Balmer "seeing those red numbers in Excel Spreadsheet almost overflowing whatever the data type in cell G-14, H-15 and K-25" simply doesn't exist. > PS: I'm probably speculating. And I'm trying to bring everyone back to earth. :) > The main reason a Mac user is more secure than a Windows one is because a Mac system is running on a sounder security architecture (not administrator by default, etc.) In specific ways, how is OS X's security architecture more sound than Vista or Windows 7? Badly designed applications have nothing to do with Vista or greater's "security architecture", so that leaves UAC. Do you feel UAC has a worse security design than the privilege escalation mechanism on OS X? Or - since you mention teaching end users - are you talking about a user education issue? http://onlineslangdictionary.com/ -----Uniques (March) Google Analytics - 470k uniques Compete - 124k Quantcast - 156k (not "quantified") -----Rank (at present) Alexa - 19,730 in the US Compete - 16,735 (US?) Quantcast - 12,957 in the US > The 60 cents Apple gains from a $1.99 app barely covers credit card fees (for multiple currencies), bandwidth fees, bank fees to send money to developer, and paying salaries for all those app reviewers. What's your source for this? > MobileSafari is not the new IE. You said exactly why it is the new IE: > The vendor prefix bullshit of the last few years is going to be around for at least another decade, with every CSS3 property being set three goddamn times because the vendors will have shipped support for the prefixed version for several major releases before they think about blessing it. I wish y'all would only do that stuff in beta releases to keep it out of the wild. > a bit buggy Anything off the top of your head that you've been bit by? All those "sometimes" seems to suggest that Parrot is much more than a bit buggy. A memory leak is one thing, but segfaults and assertion failures... Down to brass tacks: is this thing usable in its current state? No it's not. It's describing a very specific situation. She looks---really looks---at her husband and realizes that outside of his consumer marketing instincts and technical wizardry and (increasingly infrequent) write-ups in TechCrunch and VentureBeat and his nouveau confidence, he's quite boring. He was one of the guys she scrunched her nose at in high school. She married someone she wasn't particularly interested in for what his money could buy her, and came to realize he is boring. The story doesn't make generalizations about all women. IIS6. blech. Is IIS 7.5 closer to those targets? Did you use Hunch behind a reverse proxy? By bringing down the level of discourse here, you've magnificently proven NathanKP's point. IIS7 is still awful compared to pretty much any of the major linux-based webservers. I'm a few days late on this, but curious: by what measure(s) do you mean that? > FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment Kindly, justify this statement. > In fact, I don't think any game where the central mechanic involves clicking on isometric squares repeatedly to plant and harvest virtual crops is entertaining. I'm still unclear on your argument. Are you saying that any activity that people engage in, that you don't find entertaining, was invented solely to be addictive? Okay, here goes: FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to Zynga's benefit). That's an absolutely ridiculous statement, and I'm shocked that it has gotten so many upvotes on Hacker News. Slashdot, sure, but not here. Do you have any insight into Zynga's development of the game? If not you have no grounds upon which to make that hyperbolic statement. ...Unless you're arguing that anything you don't find entertaining was therefore designed solely to be addictive. Farmville, in particular, was designed to be addictive at the cost of being entertaining. Are you saying that its entertainment value is lessened by its addictive aspect, or that it's not entertaining at all? If the former, your original statement needs modification. Just about everyone I know - including people who play FarmVille - agree that it's really not very fun, but the app (I hesitate to call it a "game") compels them forward with a number of addictive mechanics. Few people I know classify watching TV as "fun," but it passes the time and is entertaining. No offense, but it really sounds like you have a horse in this race - do you work for Zynga? None taken. I absolutely have no relationship whatsoever with Zynga. Consider the argument Television isn't intended to provide entertainment, it's only intended to addict you (to the networks' benefit). I can't imagine it would be so uncritically received by Hacker News. Clearly FarmVille has addictive elements, like any game. I'm shocked that Hacker News so enthusiastically accepts that "FarmVille isn't intended to provide entertainment", and is punishing me for saying so. My boss expects me to be a jack of all trades. That's usually fun, but he holds me responsible for the success of projects I'm clearly unqualified for. Conversely, he forces me to do a lot of mindless work when I'd rather be writing interesting code. The hours suck. Most of my awake time is spent at work, and I don't get paid overtime. I don't get benefits. I've got to pay out of pocket for health and dental, which isn't cheap. The work is gratifying (and there's no shortage of it) but it's a hard slog. I'd say the only big perk is that I can pretty much take as much vacation as I'd like. (Though it is non-paid.) Is it worth it? At the moment, no... but I do get equity in the business and I hope the investment will pay off in the future. I'm my own boss. I am working as a external contractor for few clients, fixing 15 years old shitty code bases. Do I like it? No. Strangely, my favorite thing in the world is making nasty code beautiful. I guess in another life I'd be a home remodeler / furniture restorer / auto body specialist / ... Thanks for the response. Man cheer up a bit - it's a matter of outlook IMHO. Right. What I described is my reality, not how I feel day-to-day. That said, right now it still isn't worth it. Also, non-paid vacation is paid for by the long hours you put in, and necessary for you to continue doing the long hours. Finally, can you outsource some of the mindless work? I make only enough to cover living expenses, so vacation and outsourcing both would require debt. Also, can your significant other help with some things? No significant other. I thought you were trying to cheer me up! ;) That's cool. I take it the inputs are recorded with tick-level accuracy? Otherwise rand(time()) would screw everything up. Is that all there is to it, or am I missing something? He is wrong about the accuracy of speech recognition. I know he is wrong because I have actually used Speech Recognition to get real work done. As have I. The dictation capability built in to Vista / Windows 7 is really quite amazing. (They both also have voice control.) I'm an extremely fast typer, but dictating - even with time spent correcting mistakes - is quite a bit faster. ...have the entire hall smell like delicious chili... How do your floormates feel about that? I hope you at least share the chili with them. :) I'll be ... yep, tucked well away under Accessories/Ease of Access. Who knew? And try this one on for size: Microsoft Office 2003 came with built-in voice control and dictation, which could also be used in other applications! Yes, it did. But be careful: " In 2007, reports surfaced that Windows Speech Recognition could be used to remotely access and/or control a user's computer. Theoretically, playing a pre-recorded message containing Windows Speech Recognition commands could allow one to execute tasks on another computer remotely. " Why, that reads like a Wikipedia article about a Microsoft product! I found this article incredibly disturbing. Instead of plowing into the rear of the car ahead of him, he swerved to the right and popped up onto to sidewalk. In doing so, he accidently ran over a woman walking towards his oncoming car. He was incredibly ashamed of himself and profusely apologized. I was an extremely sensitive young boy. This would have been deeply affecting to me at the time. “It's okay. It's only a game. It's not real”, I reassured him. After a few minutes of me explaining the difference between a game and real life, he felt comfortable enough to continue playing. Dear god. I really hope the scene played out like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring - Child continued playing entirely of his own volition And not like: - Child was disturbed - Father was reassuring and encouraged child to continue playing, because it's okay to kill people in a game - Child continued playing My main goal was to replace my voicemail... Most of them are hang-up messages from my mom or family member, so I mostly ignore them. Is that voicemail through your cell provider or Google Voice? I think every provider I've had since 2000 has filtered hang-up messages (presumably messages I think you are. By this definition, I am a customer of Google, as is anyone in this thread who uses a Google service. But I am not the final arbiter of meaning. The downvotes to my comment show that I am clearly wrong on this subject. I don't think I understand what you mean... Do you mean swapping the roles via inverting the sense of "giver of something of value" and "provider of service"? As in: "I provide Google the service of access to my personal data, and they give me use of Gmail as a payment, therefore Google is my customer." "I provide my vendor the service of access to currency, and they give me a product as a payment, therefore my vendor is my customer." That seems like a stretch, so I must be missing something. The guy was just expressing his opinion. What the fuck is with all the downvotes, HN? Did the karma requirement for earning downvote privileges get reduced? I might as well limit myself to Reddit. Same attitude, more content. Desktop monitor resolution is still at ~100dpi because no desktop OS has solved the scalable UI problem satisfactorily. I'm under the impression this isn't a problem. Scaling is a problem when you have bitmap images and try to scale from - say - an iPhone to an iPad. But on desktops, monitors aren't growing in size by a factor of ~2.77. If you leave the screen size the same but increase the DPI, bitmaps will look exactly the same. They might seem visually out-of-place next to crisper UI elements. Is that what you mean? Can anyone remember the last time MSFT innovated something (not followed an existing market/paradigm) and led the market by sheer quality of the innovation (not because of monopoly)? I can't remember the last time any tech company created a market/paradigm and then proceeded to lead it [1]. Can you think of any companies? [1] Presumably you meant for some particular measure of time. all the .Net baggage (Visual Basic anyone?) I don't understand this. What ".net baggage"? .net is a (huge) class framework that has evolved along with C#. How is Visual Basic relevant to C#? Are you talking about VB classic ? VB.net is just another language that compiles to the same IL as C#. Right. And strawmen like I know that there are many would disagree and claim that Mouse-driven IDEs and XML based configs are the way to move forward, but I firmly believe that such convictions stem from a lack of exposure. don't help the argument. While traditionally IE has lagged on web standards, the IE9 pre-releases are (I believe) the first browser to implement ECMAScript 5. We might not need to wait for IE12. Some portions of the Scheme community favor a much more dynamic semantics for macros, more in the Lisp tradition; others favor building macros on top of a more compilation-friendly semantics Forgive my ignorance, but aren't Lisp's semantics very compilation-friendly? Doesn't macro expansion happen at read-time? EDIT: I think that's the case for Common Lisp. By "the Lisp tradition" did you mean prior dialects? China is continuing to permit Google to show a link to Google Hong Kong, after likely withholding Google's ICP license renewal if they continued to automatically redirect to Goog HK. I don't see much opening up here. Clicking anywhere on the page effectively goes to google.com.hk so google.cn is pretty much just a dummy page. You're right. I thought that: "Under the current setup in mainland China, users can conduct a Google search and see the results, but often they cannot open the links." ...meant that users could conduct the search via google.cn without being redirected to google.com.hk. I'm working on automating slang term variant creation on OnlineSlangDictionary.com . For example, making the main entry "blow (one) away" also available under blow him away blow her away blow them away etc. It's an unfortunate tax I have to pay to search engines. Luckily it'll pay off additionally when I switch from Google Custom Search to a real custom search solution, and it'll be useful for a few upcoming special projects. Are you using any parsing tools? Like the stanford NLP? Not yet. Right now it's just boring search-and-replace ("(one)" => "me", "you", "him", "her", ...) complicated by the fact that the site has a lot of moving parts. (I started it in 1996.) I'll be looking into Stanford NLP, Python NLTK, etc. in the near future for the aforementioned "special projects". I am currently developing an API for the stanford NLP so that other web apps can easily use that parsing and word tagging tool. I'd be quite interested in that! Do you have a website / blog / some way we can keep up with your progress? Cool website. I like the idea of the "where is this slang used" feature. Thanks! Did you not read the Wikipedia article you linked to? It seems to answer your questions. Does that mean a Microsoft COO is admitting that Vista is bad then? That is bigger news to me Really? They did that years ago.[1] And since Windows 7 is just a polished Vista... That old chestnut, huh? Something like, "Windows 7 is a 64-bit tweak of a 32-bit extension of a 16-bit user interface for an 8-bit operating system for a 4-bit architecture from a 2-bit company that can't stand 1 bit of competition." Wikipedia has a good article on new features in Windows 7. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Features_new_to_Windows_7 [1] EDIT: Reading comprehension failure on my part: somehow I missed the capital "COO" in the sentence. However, various Microsoft employees at various levels in the company have admitted Vista is bad. GPL is not a virus that will force your code open without your consent. In a lawsuit, could the copyright holder of a GPLed work force the opening of GPL-violating code as part of a GPL-violation settlement? EDIT: I'm not a lawyer nor a student of the law. Presumably the copyright holder is entitled to some form of compensation, whether it's called a "settlement" or something else. Can the plaintiff dictate that the only form of compensation they will find sufficient is the defendant's release of the infringing code? Also, the project seems to be affiliated with CSAIL. Your everyday user has no idea who CSAIL is, but I think it's got some huge geek credibility. I wouldn't "hide" the affiliation behind the link to David Karger at the bottom of the page. Chrome might just be the best piece of software that I use daily, and I didn't have to pay a dime for it. Really? I find that it has an extraordinarily lack of polish. When I switched to Chrome from Firefox, I had a list of 80 bugs after ~1 week of usage.