Its because the robots.txt file is created by combining a static file ( https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... ) with an on-wiki page so that different language wikipedias can manage the file themselves - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Robots.txt In wikisyntax, starting a line with a space ensure's that its in a pre tag, so this was a way to make the onwiki page show the entire thing in a pre tag and not use normal formatting. This seems to be broken by actually starting a literal pre tag inside the first line, but I'm pretty sure this used to work as a way to display the entire thing in a pre tag. For the curious, the code generating the robots.txt file is at https://github.com/wikimedia/operations-mediawiki-config/blo... Wikipedia does have that https://haw.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka_papa_kinohi In order for wikipedia's anyone can edit to work, its really important that when someone makes a bad edit to a popular article that it can be removed immediately. This is important both to get things fixed quickly and to make it less of a juicy target so less people vandalize (no fun to vandalize if it doesnt stay up). I suspect latency in the minutes for cache updates would be unaceptable to wikipedia users Yes but if someone replaces the picture on the trump article with goatse, and non power users get this version for 30 minutes until the cache clears - they are going to be pretty pissed and start yelling to power users & just generally cause a PR disaster. Additionally if vandals know their vandalism will stay for 30 min, they are much more likely to do it, which is a vicious cycle I took a latin class in uni. I think it did help a bit because it made me think about the syntactic structure intellectually, where my native tounge the syntax comes intuitively. Not saying it magically made me a super programmer or anything, but i feel like it certainly didnt hurt my programming skill. In canada, its common in a lot of places, but not universal. When I was growing up, we had K-8 in one school, and then 9-12 as high school, although I think my home town now has a middle school system. Its not an ad hominem. Its only an ad hominem if someone makes an unrelated personal attack against the source of an argument. The original argument was that these documents are suggestive of facebook corporate culture/evilness. A counter argument that the documents are cherry-picked by someone with a grudge (which may or may not be true) directly responds to the original claim that you can gleam a fair picture of facebook based on these documents. Thus it is not an ad hominem (that's not to say that it is necessarily a good argument) To do what precisely? Separate the advertisment unit from the socialnetwork aspects of the bussiness? How would that work, the advertisement portion is what generates revenue for the social media product. Usually companies get split up so they cant use their dominance in one area to forcibly move into another area. But advertisements in facebook social network isnt a separate product-its what the social network is selling Also fandom (aka wikia, aka wikicities) Although i agree he's had a lot of underwhelming projects, and i dont see anything particularly special with this one >“I believe the Canada companies … are managed in a way that the administrators simply declare annually NO-ACTIVITY. In other words, they cheat a bit,” So the trick to using canada as a tax haven, is to lie on your taxes? I feel like that approach also works in other countries And now we have https://wikidata.org Im saddened by the death of rss too, but i think its a lot to blame that soley on google. If the rss ecosystem was so weak, that shutting down a single rss client killed it, it couldn't have been long for this world anyways. You mean www.xn--faebook-vxa.com of course :P Wikipedia didnt use unicode originally, en, da, sv, nl language wikipedia all used windows-1252. This all changed somewhere around 2004 i think, but there is still legacy code to deal with edits from before the switchover point. I imagine the answer is, it kind of sucked but people made due the best they could with the limited allowed characters. Its not like IPA notation is a critical feature A main point of this seems to be that most projects on github are abandoned. What a stupid comparison. That would be like listing all the commercial projects that go out of bussiness, or dont even progress far enough to get funding in the first place, and saying closed source model is a failure because most closed source projects fail. If that was true, why did tags have that horrible hack where the contents started with For example, i consider greg egan (e.g. "Diaspora") and peter watts (e.g. "Blindsight") to be authors whose works are improved and excellent because they are hard sf. Which is not to say there arent plenty of bad hard sf novels out there, there are. There are also plenty of amazing "soft" sf too. Hard sf is just a different type of novel, with different benefits and weaknesses. Like any (sub) genere it can be amazing in the right hands and terrible in the wrong. > time travel, superluminal communication, or infinite energy aren't included You should read the "orthogonal" series by greg egan :) Seems like a lot of weirdly defensive people in this thread. But the essay doesnt really seem that revolutionary more common sense. If you want to make an impact, dont work in an oversaturated field. The low hanging fruit is probably already picked and other people will probably get there before you do. But you also dont want to work in a field nobody cares about as noone will care. Working on a problem with proven demand, but seems "boring" and hasn't changed much recently is a good bet, as there is probably new insights you can apply and new contexts that have appeared since last time there was a frenzy for that field. I don't see why writing an operating system and surounding tools in C++ is a crazy decision (I'm assuming you meant windows & desktop apps by saying microsoft). Certainly not in the early 90's, but if you have a big codebase of that already, sticking with it doesn't seem crazy to me. People make too much of a fuss over the differences between programming language. There are some important differences (whether or not memory safe is a big one, but it is hardly critical to a succful bussiness) but by and large the difference between using say php, python, etc for your program is superficial in the extreme. I somewhat suspect by the time something is "popular" it is, almost by definition, oversaturated. Its sort of like weird investment strategies (e.g. always buy stocks on mondays, or whatever I dont actually know anything about stocks). Sure some of them may work originally, but unless i am extremely well connected, by the time i hear about it, everyone else knows too and the market has corrected for it. Perhaps another metaphor is a gold rush. Even if there really is gold in those hills, if everyone knows there is, its probably already too late to go out and buy a shovel. That said, i agree that there is plenty of survivorship and hindsight bias when it comes to any advice on how to be succesful. Similarly, how many actual physicists actually seriously argue about interpretations of quantum mechanics? I'm not a physicist but i'm pretty sure its a thing more talked about by philosophers and the popular press than actual physicists. Not that there is anything wrong with philosophizing and inquiring into metaphysical questions. > Would you also have viewed Einstein as just a medieval philosopher back in his day ? Einstein's theories were a response to experiments and known facts of the day, that didn't fit the current theoretical models. Sure plenty of it was difficult to test at the time (and still is in some ways when it comes to human scale. How many people do you know that have actually experianced human scale time dialation?) but its not like it was some castle in the sky totally divorced from the observable reality of the day. Additionally even for predictions that weren't practically testable immediately, they were still testable theoretically given enough engineering effort. There is a big difference between not yet knowing how to test something, and not even knowing what you would test if resources/effort were no issue. The nytimes article you linked has the quote: > But what is the wave function? Is it a complete and comprehensive representation of the world? Or do we need additional physical quantities to fully capture reality, as Albert Einstein and others suspected? Or does the wave function have no direct connection with reality at all, merely characterizing our personal ignorance about what we will eventually measure in our experiments? Isn't this really just asking about scientific realism? Couldnt you say the same thing about any scientific concept? Instead of "what is the wave function", why not "what is an atom". I suspect the main difference is that earlier physical theories had a direct analogy to real life events. We could tell a story about the billard ball model of atoms and we can imagine that in our heads. I have no idea how to imagine a superposition of states. Without the ability to analogize it, i suspect humans intuitively assume its wrong. But lack of imagination hardly seems like a logical reason to reject something. On the other hand, the question of how/when/why (non-metaphysically) a superposition collapses into a single state, seem much more scientific, and that part of the measurement problem seems like a worthy target of scientific investigation. Disclaimer: iana physicist nor really know anything beyond basics about quatum mechanics. The conclusion i'd draw is that alcohol is complex and has good and bad aspects. Some scientists study the good parts, other the bad Fun fact though, photoshop used to be available for solaris http://www.erimez.com/misc/Photoshop_Sun_Brochure.pdf Interesting. But it seems like it would add a lot of attack surface if all these things are within the secure enclave. This is not trure. Provincial powers are not delegated by the federal government. The canadian constitution lists certain powers the provinces have and certain powers the federal gov has, with basically anything unmentioned being federal. The federal government doesnt just decide willy nilly what is being delegated to the provinces. The lieutenant governor doesnt serve under the governor general-they just have different spheres of influence . In provincial matters the lieutenant-governor represents the queen, not the governor general. This is canada we are talking about not britian or anywhere else. There is a written constitution (there are also unwritten parts of the constitution but that is beside the point). The written constitution lays out the powers of different levels of government. https://www.canada.ca/en/intergovernmental-affairs/services/... Inparticular to quote the gov of canada website: >"For example, the federal Trade and Commerce power (s. 91(2)) has been interpreted to mean that Parliament can regulate trade generally in Canada, as well as the flow of trade across provincial or international borders, but cannot regulate the operation of particular industries, businesses or professions within provinces. The provincial power over Property and civil rights (s. 92(13)) gives provinces the authority to regulate trade and commerce within their respective territory." I think the joke is, that canada wanted strong federal government and weak provinces and ended up with the opposite. USA wanted strong states and weak fed, but ended up with opposite.* *IANA political scientist, i dont know how true this actually is. I think everyone knows what we want to build (A large-scale quantum error corrected device that we can run shors algorithm, etc on). But we are nowhere remotely near that so we have to argue over much less impressive milestones (not that what google did isn't impressive, it is. Just far off from our quantum dreams) Asking the liklihood is kind of the wrong question. The problem with sha-1 is the possibility that a malicious person could intentionally make two files with the same hash (in order to do evil). The probability of this happening if someone decides to do it and has sufficient resources to pull it off, is 1. The probability of it happening accidentally hasn't changed and is so small it might as well be 0. Every lottery is garunteed to have a winner. Doesnt mean i wouldnt be excited if i won the jackpot Lol, i wonder if this is the first example of someone using the inverse of the length extension attack to trick people Perhaps not a "positive" story, but legit dmcas do happen from time to time and seem reasonable enough to me (or at least reasonable enough in a world with copyrights). For example look at this list of dmca notices against wikipedia that wmf actually thought were valid https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Office_actions/DM... most of them seem reasonable enough to me. (IANAL) The problem is no effective oversight. Laws without oversight are going to be obviously abused. The DMCA is like if police were responsible to ensure their own warrents are valid. Wouldn't that just be a normal copyright infringement lawsuit? I guess i dont see what the fuss is. Instead of looping through the numbers, they precalculate the answers and loop through that instead. Personally this seems about equivalent of replacing all instances of 2+2 in your program with just 4, and then claiming the program doesnt use addition. Both solutions seem to deal with group theory to basically the same extent. > They actually don't precalculate, since Haskell is lazy. I mean they ditectly put into the source code that the pattern is "", "", "fizz", etc..., and repeat (in a lazy fashion), instead of having the computer calculate which integers give a fizz/buzz. So the programmer is in a sense precalculating at the time of writing the program, instead of having the computer calculate the result of the if statements at runtime. I think you misunderstand what i mean by "precalculated". I just mean the answer is embeded in the source code and not calculated at runtime. It doesnt matter how you embed it in the source code, whether that is a list literal or constructed via functions or whatever Edit: for clarity, the reason i think this is kind of a cop out, is that in the article the author seems to call out not using if-then-else as a benefit of this solution, compared to the normal version that takes a list of integers and transforms it using if/then/else and mod operations. But i dont really think it counts as not using if/then/else if you literally do the same operation in your head and then just write down the transformed list explicitly, to save the computer the effort of transforming the list at runtime for you. My objection is that the author presents it as a totally different approach, but to me it looks like the same approach as the original but with constant propagation applied. (With a little time away from this discussion, i guess tbf i must admit determining the order of the group is a bit more than constant propagation) Also with a little more sympathetic eye, i suppose the new version is more evocative of the underlying group and such representations are much more in line with the mores of functional programming. At the same time, i cant help but think its a bit pretentious to talk about being isomorphic to a cyclic group and otherwise evoke high level math, just to say, you know this program whose output by definition repeats in a very obvious pattern, well guess what, its output is cyclic. Well yes, if these things represented different things, then the output of the program would be incorrect. To put it another way, the original version was explicitly calculating the function ℤ -> { "", "fizz" }. The new version had the results of this function directly embeded in the source code (and hence precalculated as opposed to calculated at runtime). I just don't see the two of these approaches really being all that different Its kind of begging the question in a way. The only reason you can conclude this is related to Z3 and Z5 is because the original problem statement said to repeat fizz every 3 numbers, and thus its related to cycluc groups. But the only aspect of group theory used seems to be that Z3 repeats cyclicly (which was the fact we used to invoke group theory in the first place). So it seems rather circular. Pretty sure its existed for at least a year or two None, its a usecase difference not a technical one. but samesite is designed to tackle csrf (a problem with using cookies for auth). It wont prevent user tracking. Does it? Websites can just opt out if they dont like samesite cookies. Even if they couldnt, its trivial for the website operator to work around if they want (and website operators are almost always in on user tracking) I care more about what debian thinks than OSI, but yes i do care. I would read the agreement too, but IANAL nor am i an intellectual property expert. Legal agreements are tricky and can have non-intuitive consequences. > as it doesn't rely on site developers updating and setting the new flag right. Chrome is enabling this flag by default. Websites can opt out, but if they do nothing they are opted in. Blocking third party cookies doesnt really stop csrf attacks. At most it makes the attack a bit more noticeable as it prevents some of the quieter methods of pulling off the attack. Since as far as i understand, if you submit a cross-domain POST form, that's still a first party cookie Not sure how this is relavent, but IE had document.execCommand('ClearAuthenticationCache'); for http or TLS auth. Dont think other browsers have anything Http basic/digest auth doesnt last beyond the session, so just close the browser window? Probably putting a different username in the url would work too (in non ie) >I didn't drink often, not more than once a week. But it was usually a binge episode, having at least 10 drinks. Just fyi, i think most people would consider having 10 drinks in a single session, once a week, to be "often" 4) Get better friends (better being not a moral judgement, but better for your needs) Some people like to socialize over drinks, others don't really like it and some only want to do that on special occasions or rarely. Its like anything else. E.g. some people obsess over board games, some people like board games now and then, and some people really hate board games. If your friend group is based mostly around board games and you dont want to play board games anymore, in the long term, its probably best to find some non-board game obsessed friends. Same goes for drinking. The md5 weakness (that everyone talks about) is about collision resistance, which isn't relavent to password hashing. Generally you want slow, high cpu & memory hash functions for password hashing. This is the opposite of what md5/sha/blake aim for, as they want to be fast as possible. A fast hash allows the attacker to make many guesses very quickly (i think you can get something like 2 billion sha256 hashes a second with high end gpus). A slow hash makes it harder for the attacker to take lots of guesses (adding high mem usage helps protect against using alternate architectures like fpgas to speed things up). Anyways, for passwords use something like argon2. > This seems a quite dangerous way of thinking. New attacks, methods to attack crypto are discovered regularly. He does actually address this counterargument in his paper. In fact most of his paper is a rebuttal to this argument (the status quo wisdom, so to speak). What other theoretical quantum design? AES256 is considered quantum proof because grover's algorithm can in theory basically half they key size, and aes128 is secure on normal computers [we are still very very very very far away from a quantum computer that can use grover's algorithm to bruteforce aes128]. I'm not an expert on the subject but i believe a new quantum algorithm that could break aes256 would be a very major breakthrough in designing quantum algorithms. Well the typeface is maybe a little odd, it is perfectly readable to me. I disagree about all computer languages being about lambda calculus. Lambda calculus is fundamentally about functions being first class objects (as opposed to say sets, if we are taking a math prespective). Well that has become a more popular language feature, plenty of languages do not support this. C being an obvious answer. I'm not a haskell programmer, but I agree with you on the math aspect being largely over excited bloggers. Sometimes i feel like half the haskell articles posted here are taking some simple concept, wrapping it up in heavy duty mathematical machinery, not using the machinery for anything, and then proclaiming profound insight. The other week there was a haskell article on hn literally talking about how great it is that strings form a semigroup under concatenation, because i guess nobody realized you could concat strings before that. Do people actually claim haskell-ish math (i.e. abstract algebra type stuff) is just like school (highschool?) math. If so, i wish i was in their high school. Sounds much more interesting than mine. People overstate the connection between math and computer programming. Sure there are math heavy areas, but your average programmer isn't into them. At most programming typically involves the mildest amounts of whats in an intro to discrete math course. If you can objectively measure the quality of a program (in a non-bs) way, you could probably make millions. There are whole industries around code health metrics. Wouldn't the obvious capitalism solution to that be - loans become very cheap because people dont know what else to do with their money. Lots of people now have access to (other people's) capital. Wealth is no longer as concentrated, wisdom of crowds prevail? Sure, you could do a lot of things. I'm not arguing for capitalism as a fair and moral system, just that i think that OP should account for why this isn't happening/doesnt work in order for his argument that the issue is concentration of capital (as opposed to some other issue) to make sense On the contrary, this happens all the time in the real world. You ask the user for a password. Maybe the user gives the right password maybe they don't. Its beyond my understanding, but i think goes into it https://www.ams.org/journals/notices/201910/rnoti-p1618.pdf From what i read it has something to do with refuting the Connes embedding conjecture, but i dont actually know what that is In fairness, its pretty hard to explain what MIP*=RE to a layman (or even to tech people if the comments on hn are any indication). At least the intro kind of evokes the feeling of what the problem is about, even if its pretty corny. Just imagine, you're about to get a proof that some program halts and just before you verify it you are eaten by a grue. > (d) one's opinion on the morality of a certain alleged episode has no bearing on its legality While this is true, the related question over whether the law in question is "just", is very much a relavent issue, and something worthy of comment. > In a capitalistic model it makes little sense why Wikipedia should thrive without enriching someone so massively in the process, therefore, it must be corrected Err what? If a model of reality is incorrect you throw out the model, you dont try to modify reality to fit the model. This is akin to saying something like: Solar panels* dont work in classical physics therefore coal is better. * iana physicist. I assume they have something to do with quantum physics but dont really know This makes no sense. I dont even know what you are trying to claim. Is one of your premises that capitalism predicts the highest quality product wins at the marketplace? Because that's not what capitalism is. If it was we would all be eating at 5 star resturants all the time as they have the highest quality product when you ignore price. Are you trying to claim that part of the reason mcdonald's is succesful is because they have a lot of money to spend on advertising and inertia? If so you are misunderstanding my point (or its just a non sequitor). The fact that gaining a lot of capital allows you an (arguably unfair, especially relative to idealized capitalism) advantage in the market place has nothing to do with my criticism that you are fallaciously finding evidence that contradicts your simplified model and then concluding that reality is wrong instead of your model. Not sure how that would help. I imagine currently its all rights reserved, and google is claiming that using their information is fair use. What the R&D dept aspires to maybe do in the future is hardly the same as what they do in the present. Ianal, but an additional issue, is from my (limited) understanding, copyright applies to presentation not facts or the idea of something. If you take some info and reword it so the original presentation is gone and only the factual idea is the same, i think you are in the clear. Again, ianal and dont really know what im talking about I dont know why you're being downvoted. It is a vpn protocol, just like IPSec, with the main difference being its much simpler, and hence "sucks" less. Well the messed up if logic is definitely a cause, i think part of the cause is the pattern of just validating input is safe instead of validating input at ingestion time and escaping just before output (shell out) time. I think doing both is a much more secure pattern* *easy to sit here and armchair make claims of course. I've also only read this post and not the actual code so maybe there is reason for doing it how they did. I'd add for writing the fix domain logic, probably most clear to fix it in one step, and then do the validation as a second step, instead of mixing the two. Minisculey less efficient but its much easier to follow if fixing and validating logic aren't mixed together. Idk, maybe having two decades of terrible hacker movies made people appreciate the old ones more. Personally I have always loved both Hackers and WarGames, but admittedly i wasn't around when they came out. Also make sure the people who hire you actually own the system being tested. Like if my neighbour hires some random to pentest my house for kicks, it doesnt make it ok for pentester to break into my house because they signed a contract with my neighbour I think part of the appeal is the fiction that you are in some sense "friends" with the celeb. Sure its obviously not true; In many cases celeb probably doesn't even operate the account. But if they moved to a custom site, it takes away all pretense of you being a celeb's "friend". My fave bit is the "its a cool model" as if charging your customers money to use your product is a new and unique bussiness model. Maybe this is naive, but I would assume if it was a bio-weapon it would be a lot more deadly. But the point of a bio weapon is not to kill everyone,just your enemy. So i guess you would want it to be very deadly and not spread to far. And i imagine you would want to primarily take out young healthy people (soldiers) not the eldery and sickly. (I assume) Weren't the original corporations basically perishes that had independent assets that were supposed to go to the officeholder instead of normal inheritence-sort of as a legal system hack? While there is a long history of corprate charters being to make money for the shareholders, i think there is a long history of other goals as well. They did at one point have the rights to some youtube web series content like red vs blue, the guild, and video game high school. Interesting. I kind of wish there was like an audio captcha app. If the number isnt in your contacts, voice comes on asking them to type some random 4 digit number. Well it is of course anarms race, almost all my call spam is recordings so i think itd be effective. Well an older draft version of spec says: >"The parameter to this message gives a specification of charging schemes acceptable. The client may retry the request with a suitable ChargeTo header." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRESP.html And charge-to is defined as >"ChargeTo: >This line if present contains account information for the costs of the application of the method requested. The format is TBS. The format of this field must be in extensible form. The first word starts with a specification of the namespace in which the account is . (This is similar to extensible URL definition.) No namespaces are currently defined. Namespaces will be registered with the registration authority . >The format of the rest of the line is a function of the charging system, but it is recommended that this include a maximum cost whose payment is authorized by the client for this transaction, and a cost unit." https://www.w3.org/Protocols/HTTP/HTRQ_Headers.html#z10 Thats kind of missing the point. Original poster wanted a minimal browser that has lower security surface. This is sort of like saying: Just because the computer doesn't have a password doesn't stop you from simply not using computers you're not supposed to. So your problem is not with the lack of passwords but with people who use computers they aren't supposed to. Decideability is absolutely not the problem. Subjectivity is a problem - There is no objective definition of an obnoxious ad. I mean, behaviour of a website may be undecideable. Behaviour over the 5 minutes you're viewing it is. I dont think notions from computability theory are particularly enlightening here. Well multilaterally decide. Its a small group but firefox isnt totally irrelavent yet. And thats ok in my opinion. The IETF describes itself as "rough consensus and running code" and it seems to work well. I dont have a problem with the web following that model. And now we have electron. Everything old is new again. Even further, appearently some people use hardware cards that use DMA to cheat. Which just seems incredible to me ( https://community.osr.com/discussion/291402/detecting-pcie-d... was the only reference i could find googling) I've never done an oral defense, but surely there is a difference between someone expected to be an intermediary to higher ups who know nothing, and an oral defense where subject matter experts attempt to stump you with tricky questions I live in canada. While its true there is less money here than usa, those numbers sound pretty low. Maybe that employer was just trying to screw you over? The linked article doesnt contradict the original post. Linked article says strength of 2 hash algos (of this type) is only as strong as the strongest and not the sum of their strengths. But original poster only needed the combined hash to be as strong as the sha256 for his/her purpose. Notwithstanding, i still dont like it as an idea. I thought it was a joke. The whole: blockchain isnt that inovative if you use a strict technical definition because lots of things are a chain of blocks before bitcoin was cool, meme. And honestly fair enough. The inovative part of bitcoin is not the blockchain but all the economics & game theory going on to create trust in the system Honestly the web was a thing before money took over, if the bussiness model collapses it collapses. If you cant make money on the internet without pissing off your userbase to such an extent they resort to specialized programs to modify your content to be not annoying, then you dont deserve to make money (yes, yes tragedy of commons, individual advertisers dont just affect themselves) But i somewhat imagine for at least pay per click ads the audience is separate from people with ad blockers, because when was the last time you ever intentionally clicked on a banner ad? If a magazine i sometimes read because its free closes shop because they raise prices and nobody wants to pay for it... I probably feel nothing because i was only reading it because it was free, and if the price is no longer worth it that's that. People always bemoan how x is going to die on the internet because of changing trends in advertising. Fact is many of these sites provide ok at best content, and are dying because the value they provide doesnt equal the cost they want to charge. There is a list of examples on the wikipedia article for the subject https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malvertising I dont even read or write bash shell scripts regularly and i can understand what that line is doing fine. I would not be able to understand if the entire thing was one line, so i think there is a significant difference. Just because something doesn't follow general rules for readable code, doesn't mean it is actually unreadable. 90% of everything is crap, and websites are a thing so 90% of them are crap. So its ok if they die. Then again, neither wikipedia nor youtubr hacker news have ads and that's like half of what i read on the internet right there. Edit: this is what happens when i try to post while falling asleep. Meant to say hn not youtube. Youtube definitely has ads If you are asking if i have memorized bash syntax fully and know that everything he did was valid, than the answer is no. However the intent of the code and what each component is supposed to do is clear, which is what i'm looking for when reading code. Heck, by this definition i'm not sure any code is really good enough. In my job i have to write php daily, i still need to regularly look at docs to figure out order of arguments for various library functions. I wouldn't be able to tell if explode($a, $b) in php has the right argument order at a glance without looking it up. But i understand the intent and generally assume the superficial aspects of the code are right unless that part appears not to work. And furthermore, adjusting the number of newlines isn't going to help with the question of if that piece of code is using bash syntax correctly. I wish there was more technical details or a whitepaper. All i can see is some handwaving about dht. But full text search is not really naturally applicable to a DHT approach. So what exactly do they do? How does what they do scale? How is work broken up between dht nodes (what exactly is being used as the hash key in the distributed hash table)? How does it deal with malicious nodes (SEO is a big thing in search)? Is the division of resources between dht nodes "fair"? How are results ranked? I feel like there is either 2 possibilities: Small number of indexes (like HotBot before google ruled the internet). I'm not sure an oligopoly is that much better than a monopoly Or you have a lot of indexes. But then the system scales really poorly. All the indexes have to handle a large number of queries and be hugely powerful, and all the clients have to spend a ton of time querrying and aggregating them. So the real problems. I think people say that others dont act rationally, when really they just don't understand the other person's goals and how their behaviour contributes to their goals. If i pass up $100 to get a burger, am i acting irrationally? It depends if i'm hungry. It depends how much $100 means to me (Am i bill gates?). Its impossible to say from the outside. I'm convinced much behaviour is basically the same except much more complex with multiple conflicting priorities.