To me, those aren't really signs of growth, other than being able to take a punch. 1. Writing a professional product, from scratch to completion, by yourself or as a team lead, while doing every aspect of the project: BA, PM, design, architecture, server install, data model (if applicable), code, comments, documentation, QA, deployment, support. 2. Pick up a complete mess that someone else wrote, who is no longer available. Read it, really understand it, and be able to refactor it into something worth while. As stated, most of the things the OP listed are really just academic and he should have done those in school, as they have been done as nausium. Rarely do you need to do those anymore. That's unsettling. When I earned my MIS degree (with a bunch of CS courses) in 1997, you had the opportunity to get a great education, but you also had an opportunity to coast by. Back then, everything was done in "teams." You had people who took the bull by the horns, and you had people who were trying not to drown. C's get degrees, as we used to say. Now, learning people with MS in CS have the same issues is what's really jarring. There were so many weed-out courses in BS CS, I couldn't imagine someone getting as far as a MS CS without knowing the basics. Having said that, I earned most of my chops on "the street," with a great mentor many years ago. We really challenged each other want wanted to show each other how smart we were. Good times. Do you know where they got their degree? ITT Tech or something? I assuming you mean writing all the business logic in stored procs and functions. Every time I've seen this, it ended up horribly. I use the database for storage and data validation only. I write a middle tier for the business logic, and of course the front end layer. I'm not saying it can't been done well, but it poses enough problems that are difficult to avoid, like calling an external web service inside a stored procedure, and the general mess of maintaining a bunch of chained stored procedures, functions. It also guarantees vendor lock-in. >Except now I have to jump through hoops with HR (let's just assume they'd be OK with this, which they almost certainly won't), get the contract in place, work with IT to get your environment set up, and bring you up to speed (so really I may get one full day of actual work)... just to realize that I don't want to hire you. There are two major reveals in that sentence. One, HR rules your hiring practice and therefore you and your department, and you just advise them. Two, your company is so soul-suckingly bureaucratic, I couldn't imagine a good, creative, problem solving developer would ever want to work there. Both are red flags. Hah. I was thinking that too. While I was reading the article, I was thinking about how I would do it. Then I read the wall of text that was the ideal solutions and thought, "wow, what the hell are coders doing these days?" No they aren't. They are a diagram of a process. Code is the instructions used to implement that process. You shouldn't be so smug either. Look up the prefix pseudo. "supposed or purporting to be but not really so; false; not genuine." Another definition, "not genuine; sham." Pseudocode is not computer code as to your assertion. I think you are basing your argument that anything written down that can be turned into code is pseudocode. That is also not correct. Pseudocode has a very specific definition. Here is one: "Pseudocode is an informal high-level description of the operating principle of a computer program or other algorithm. It uses the structural conventions of a normal programming language, but is intended for human reading rather than machine reading." Flow charts do not use the structural conventions of normal programming languages, they use shapes and text. If you are writing pseudocode (the actual definition, not your made up one) every day, you are wasting everyone on your team's time. If you are drawing diagrams every day on a whiteboard, you are still probably wasting everyone's time. Ok, so I guess by your omission, you agree that pseudocode is not code and flow charts are also not pseudocode. I don't care about the rest, you can whiteboard all you want. We analyze the problem, then solve it in our heads, usually by the time we've finished talking about it. White boarding just seems way over the top, especially if it takes more than one person to solve a problem every day. Sounds like development by committee. What's 2+2? Lets go to the whiteboard! Out of curiosity, what industry are you in and stack do you use? Pseudocode has a definition, you can't just make one up in an attempt to not look foolish. No, automation with AI. DSS mostly. Stacks aren't just for web. I guess if you are unwilling to share your stack or any information other than the fact that you write stuff on paper and don't know what pseudocode is, then we don't have much to discuss, and you haven't really made any convincing arguments to your "superior" coding methods. I've seen enough BS in my 20 years to recognize yours. You have a strange view of reality, my friend. Let it go, you're wrong. It's obvious that you know you're wrong, otherwise you would argue your position rather than throwing personal insults and a hissy fit. Pseudocode is not code. Flowcharts are not pseudocode. You also didn't describe your stack. I just see some fresh meat who desperately wants people to take him seriously, but he has a hard time with it because he's kinda childish, very defensive, and can't argue his point. Anyway, this discussion is counterproductive, so I'm going to stop reading after this one. That's called a natural key and I only use it for logins in user tables. I haven't found anything else that doesn't break down. I've stored images both ways and both have their issues. To declare one is superior over others in all circumstances as the OP did is short sighted. The one thing I would recommend is once you pick one, stick to it for consistency's sake. I agree with database first. It's the essence of your application, meaning hypothetically, if you were to strip away all your UI and business logic, and all your users were experts at SQL and never made a mistake, the database is all you would have left. Furthermore, a database mistake, once built on, will stay with your organization for life, only removable by a lot of pain. A coding mistake is fairly trivial to recover from. I find it troubling that many self taught programmers don't take the time to learn databases. They aren't even that difficult to master. 3NF, Constraints, Indexes. That covers 90% of it. Everyone thinks they're making Google. You are close minded. Instead of insulting people who dare to criticize your silly interview, maybe you should listen to them. Another red flag. You seem to think you are in a buyer's market. What does your company offer that is so compelling someone would put up with that silliness? Let me guess, market rates. I hope you at least inform applicants that you expect them to code on a whiteboard so you aren't wasting their time. It's usually over-promoting a skill on your resume. It might not be nefarious or intentional, but it's a communications gap. What you mean by "experience in," and what the manager wants you to mean by "experience in," are two totally different things. Example, if you read a SQL book a couple of years ago, you would say you have experience in SQL. You've forgotten most of it, but you are familiar. If a manager reads that same thing, he or she might think, "Oh, proficient in CRUD queries but not overly complex ones." Manager gives you a quiz on SQL, but since you don't have Google in front of you, you flail because you haven't messed with it in a long time. It's not really lying, it's just a communications gap. I'm not saying there isn't outright misrepresentation of skills, but most of the time it isn't intentional. I think what he is pointing out is that if you don't know the modulus operator, you will fail FizzBuzz. The modulus operator is rarely used and somewhat obscure. The only time I use the modulus operator is when I'm writing something to track what record / rule I'm processing and I only want to show every 10,000th record or so. I can't think of a time I've used it otherwise. What I do is ask them about previous projects. 1. What was your favorite project and why? Explain. 2. What was your least favorite project and why? Explain. I can get a good idea of the person through those two simple questions. I throw a few simple technical questions like: What is a primary key? What is a foreign key? What is inheritance? What's the difference between a function and a procedure (Delphi days). Questions that anyone should be able to answer just by writing code. "So we’re doing this to help you.” ... "with 14 felony counts" In the US, I think having a crippling drug addiction is better than 14 felony counts. What's that? 30 years in prison? Life? No chance of gainful employment for life? Shit paid public defender, or $300,000 to fight it? I thought we were getting more sensible about this stuff? Absurd. Write or email your congressman. It's the only thing that will do any good. It's hard to say. Were there fewer alcoholics during prohibition? Were there more after it was repealed? Was it statistically significant? I'm not sure, but it would be a pretty damn good case study. The problem I have is that the US is so hard headed, they double down whenever something doesn't work rather than reevaluate. The US has been doubling down on the drug war every administration since the 1970s. The solution has been significantly more harmful than the problem since the 80s, and yet they keep doubling down. Sounds like we just doubled down again with painkillers. It's madness. I don't want to drown in minutiae, but at the end of that article, the author is supporting the drug war, so he is using statistics supporting his case. I did a little research and there are of course conflicting views on the effectiveness of Prohibition. "John D. Rockefeller, a teetotaler, observed in 1932, 'drinking has generally increased, the speakeasy has replaced the saloon; a vast army of lawbreakers has been recruited and financed on a colossal scale.'" To avoid a long drawn out argument about which statistics are more likely to be accurate, I'm willing to admit that both conclusions are possible and the actual answer lies somewhere in-between. The first guy estimated 30%, Rockefeller surmised that it increased, so lets go with 15% decrease in drug use because of the drug war. That's even hard to say because the drug war has lasted a lot longer than prohibition. Unfortunately I couldn't quickly find any information about the repeal of prohibition which is more relevant to the topic since we are currently in a prohibition. Anyway, I guess the country needs to decide if 15% increase in drug use is worth the cost of the drug war, so for every 20 current drug users, we'd get 3 more. In exchange, we'd get a lot of money in the treasury, respect for the law, return of our freedoms (maybe), much smaller incarceration rate, greatly weakened gangs and cartels, much less justification for surveillance, and an overall less hellishly scary police state. Unfortunately, the US doesn't debate it rationally in those terms. The problem is it's one sided. The main issue is US employees are fortunate enough to have protections under the law, protections hard fought by unions, literally. Those protections cost money but are sensible, such as safety regulations, child labor laws, the right to not be discriminated against, minimum wage, no harassment, physical violence, etc. When using Indian labor offshore, or any underdeveloped economy really, those protections are mostly gone because India doesn't protect their employees like the US does, which is also unfortunate. Companies also benefit from the US legal system and infrastructure, including the liability protection from corporations, tax breaks, roads, public utilities, police, etc, all which are paid for by taxpayers. Of course, to be fair, US corporations who benefit mostly from foreign labor should move their corporation to the country of their labor. Of course they don't want to do that, because of corruption, subpar legal system, infrastructure, etc. They want it both ways. Protection and benefits from the US government and cheap labor where the labor doesn't have the same protection. It's not just wages US labor is losing. To compete, US labor has to give up all our labor benefits while still paying for corporate benefits through tax dollars. Taxpayers are also on the hook for people who can't find jobs while corporations do nothing but benefit. It's really another wealth transfer from the bottom and middle, up. Besides it's against the spirit of the law. I'm ok with offshoring if US corporations are OK with losing all their tax breaks. I didn't think so. Yes, H1B is a different animal than offshoring as it is much more fair to the worker. Funny that the H1B has much more regulation than offshoring. That's probably why it's more fair. Also, tech workers uses computers and do have free movement by remoting. Managers typically don't allow it. Economically, that's a heck of a lot of power. Anyway, I'm pretty content with the current status of H1B in spirit. This company obviously didn't attempt to find domestic labor before using H1B, so they are in violation of the agreement. I think the employee(s) responsible should stand trial to see if the loopholes are indeed lawful. If not, I think they should be fined or imprisoned, whatever the law allows. I think they should lose all H1B privileges for 2 years and all of their current H1B's should be allowed to move to another US company. Non of that will never happen though. It's only fair, you and I would face trial for shoplifting a $1 candy bar, something paid for by taxpayers that directly benefits corporations through determent, among other things. Absolutely, happens all the time. If a company security team catches you, it's up to the company to press charges, but they can and they do. It includes arrest and trial. Here's an NPR story on it I found with Google. http://www.npr.org/2012/11/15/165218744/busted-what-happens-... Yes, but US labor and citizens fought generations for those wages. Revolutionary War, Civil War, World Wars, company / labor riots, taxes to subsidize industry, taxes for infrastructure, taxes for education, legal systems, all that. US taxpayers paid for our economy through blood and toil. You don't think high wages just happen because companies feel generous do you? I'm not sure what you are trying to say. >Does what your ancestors might have done really make you more deserving of a better life? Look at it this way. I work hard and I pay a lot of taxes. I pay attention to elections and I petition governments because I want an opportunity for a good life for my kids and my kids' kids. I think soldiers who fought in the Civil War certainly wanted a better life for their kids. This has been going on for generations. This generation is the first generation, I think in US history, that isn't expected to have a better life than their parent's generation, excluding possibly the depression. There are more young adults living with their parents since 1880. I'm certainly not anti-immigrant, I think immigrants are the bloodline of the US economy and culture. What I'm against is companies outsourcing labor to other countries to save a little money while excluding US workers for consideration of those jobs. It's the companies I'm dissatisfied with, not the labor. If I was destitute in China or India, I would take those jobs too. It's bad short term planning. Not only is it gutting our market, but China is stealing billions of dollars of our IP for their own use, and that includes military IP. Very few people benefit form this and the cost is great. Had US companies not outsourced and politicians not gutted labor unions, the US market would be much bigger. That's good for big business, small business and labor. Why do you think Trump and Sanders are so popular? There is massive dissatisfaction with opportunity in the US. It's about to bite us in the ass. I think the first programming I did was Turtle Logo, or Apple Logo or whatever it was called. Traditionally it's been Pascal and Basic, but I think those aren't used much anymore. I learned Commodore Basic first then Pascal in High School and CS1 in college. There are two rules of success, one is soft, one is not: 1. Do good work. 2. Don't be an asshole. I just read most of the comments, but I didn't read the article. I was much more interested in the comments. Having said that, if these comments were an audiobook, or a word for word movie script, I'd probably only be through about 5 of them. Words rule! On the other hand, if a picture is worth 1,000 words, a movie must be worth billions! Unfortunately it takes a lot of study of a picture to get 1,000 word out of it. That's a lot of pausing. How about now? The only reason my parents were happy taking me to McDonalds is because I was happy to be at McDonalds. I was the customer, my parents were the employees, and McDonalds was just a facilitator. I have a kid. She loves going to McDonalds. No matter how miserable a person is at work, interacting with a happy and excited kid usually makes them feel, or at least act, a little better. The funny thing is she doesn't even eat the food. I would complain and tell her to eat McDonalds food, then I realized what a bad idea that was. She likes the experience, playground, and the happy meal toys. So, I guess the point is, at McDonalds, when you are a kid, the miserable employees either act or feel less miserable because you're an excited kid. It's kind of a strange exception. Chuck E. Cheese is another example that is similar. Good God, that place is hell on Earth. It is. People came up with the same plan. I believe it was popular with lawyers, but I could be mistaken. Get your degree, file for bankruptcy. Since they can't take your degree away and you have no collateral, there wasn't much they could do. The inability to relieve debt through bankruptcy is a result of that scam. Agreed, but whether or not they manipulate the economy to the benefit of the citizens is another story. The French were the external enemy of the English and subsequently the loyalists in the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the French were instrumental in winning it by bombarding English ships en route to the US. At the time of the Revolutionary War, the English were the common enemy of the revolutionaries. It wasn't cut and dry, there were many English loyalists in the colonies at the time of the war. After the US gained independence, most of them fled. >I'm not from USA (or UK) but would love to hear how US and UK people feel about it? I think it sounds like populist grandstanding. We've been hearing that sort of thing for a year now. We (the US) seem to have a lot of people buying into it though. We get to see first hand how stepping back from globalization looks like before we vote for it ourselves come November. I've always wondered what made the C64 so lasting in our memories. My Commodore 64 days were 1986-1990 when I switched to IBM clones. I still hold my C64 days as the "good ole' days," some 26 years later. Perhaps it was because I was young. This is from my personal experience, YMMV. Programs written in Turbo C ran faster than programs written in Turbo Pascal, that's why it lost in the MSDOS world. As an example, WWIV was a very popular BBS in the 80s and early 90s that included source code, so it was popular with a large group of hobbyists. It was originally written in Turbo Pascal but when converted to Turbo C and ran noticeably faster. Other BBSes (Telegard) took WWIV code (allegedly) written in Pascal for their software and they ran slower than the Turbo C version of WWIV. We're talking about 286 4/10Mhz machines with a turbo button, so the difference was noticable. The idea that Turbo C was faster than Turbo Pascal is probably why Pascal lost the MSDOS wars. Visual Basic was marketed better than Delphi, that's why it lost the Windows wars. Delphi was way ahead of it's time. The VCL (the Delphi library) was robust and modern for the TCP/IP stack. There were components for everything. They released a Linux version called Kylix started in the late 90s. Delphi had many features and compiled to machine code, so it was technically superior to VB. It was much faster to develop with than Visual C++ also. Borland got some executives that made some poor branding decisions, like renaming the company to Inprise (??) then naming it back. Once C# gained traction, Delphi slid into obscurity and was purchased by Embarcado. It mainly exists as a tax on companies who haven't migrated to a more common language. I learned Turbo Pascal and Turbo C in middle school by tinkering with BBS code. I was taught CS in High School using Turbo Pascal and again in college. It was a great little language that runs very fast machine code, and served me well. It is very capable for production environments, but I prefer C syntax now a days though. If Pascal prompts a return from web to native, I'd embrace it. Web is significantly more tedious than the RAD tools for native applications it replaced for front end development. Interesting aside, Object Pascal conventions state you should prefix class names with a T (for Type I think). So if are rummaging through an API and you see a lot of types that start with T, you know it was written in a Pascal. Also the legality of abortion (Roe v Wade, 1973) could be a contributing reason. The drop in crime came about 18 - 20 years after abortion was declared a constitutional right. Most crime is caused by teenagers and young adults. What affect started in 1992,1993 that is still happening today? Is it still legal in your country? It was illegal in the US prior to 1973. Great points about the compile speed, I had forgotten. Also, Delphi / Pascal used no header files, which was wonderful. I think 20 years ago, Delphi (Pascal) was far superior to Visual C++. It didn't run noticeably slower but had all the RAD tools for fast development time that VC++ lacked. Too bad Microsoft's juggernaut defeated it with VB. WWIV could have been improved algorithmically between the Pascal and C++ versions, certainly. Also, the fact that the processors of the day were so slow, the difference today would hardly be noticeable unless you ran thousands of iterations and timed them in the code. Regarding: Class Copier { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; function start() { printer.start(); } } --- Placing a Start() in a PoweredDevice base class doesn't make sense in the real world. There are plenty of "powered devices" that don't have start buttons. A phone, a fish tank pump, a smoke alarm, none have a "start." A powered device should have just that, a PowerOn() and PowerOff() or SetPower(bool isOn). I wouldn't even create a PoweredDevice base class unless you have a reason. This is the main fault in your design. Scanner.Start() should return a byte[] which is the result of the scan: byte[] Scanner.Start(); A scanner is an input device. Printer.Start() should take an argument of byte[] as to what it is to print: void Printer.Start(byte[] byteArr); A printer is an output device. Having said that, your Copier class would look like this: Class PoweredDevice { void SetPower(bool isOn) { ... } // Start() doesn't belong here. } Class Copier : PoweredDevice { Scanner scanner; Printer printer; void override SetPower(bool isOn) { printer.SetPower(isOn); scanner.SetPower(isOn); base.SetPower(isOn); } void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); printer.Start(document); } } This can easily be enhanced to handle copy counts: void Start() { byte[] document = scanner.Start(); for (int x = 0; x Ideally you wouldn't even make an inheritable Start() method. The Scanner class would have a byte[] Scan() method and the Printer class would have a Print(byte[] byteArr) method. You're trying to ram a square peg into a round hole. Use inheritance when it is convenient and makes sense to do so. Don't force it. Think, what does a scanner and a printer have in common that works the same, then put that in your base class. A power button is about it. A lot of inheritance is done backwards. You make your classes then find commonalities and put that in your base class. Only create a base class first if you've thought about your object model and you know the commonalities. Also, there is no reason to make your inheritance chain deep, just because. Build your objects in a way that makes sense. Don't write code or base objects you will never use. You can always insert a class in the chain when necessary. Mastering OOP is hard, and people who have mastered it get paid a lot of money for their skill. It took me a few years to really understand how to design with it. It's invaluable though. A good object model is a thing of beauty, and a hell of a lot of fun to design. Edit: I don't know why the editor won't keep the CR's. Thanks. I felt like Richard in the tab vs. space debate on Silicon Valley. I agree. What I suspect vision founders don't want to hear is that everything that can be done up to this point has already been done. Perhaps not the whole, but the pieces certainly. They don't like this idea because they want to believe their idea is new and groundbreaking. It may very well be, but the pieces aren't. That's where experience comes in. I think he was being sarcastic. I'm nearing 45 and wouldn't want to be 25 again for the world. This is a hammer problem. When all you have is a hammer (arrest) everything is a nail. I think one of the biggest draws to private schools is they typically don't require admissions testing such as SAT, ACT, GMAT, etc. Of course, when you hear "private school," many people think private high schools, which are typically superior to public, particularly in southern US regions. The different is these are "for-profit," which can easily be confused, particularly by someone right out of high school. Finally large marketing expenditures and high pressure sales targeted at people who believe people are required, morally or legally, to be honest. Replace "private" with "for-profit." I conflated the terms a bit. Many people mistake "for-profit" schools for private schools. For profit schools are perfectly fine with the ambiguity. Yes, and I believe many colleges make it intentionally difficult. My Calc I class was given by an instructor with a heavy Asian accent. I had to struggle to understand every other word. My Chemistry for Engineers class was in a large classroom that was under construction. Needless to say, I went for MIS instead of CS/EE. I ended up taking many CS classes, so it worked out well. On a side note, teaching is really difficult. Knowledge of the subject is the minor skill. My parents were teachers and I considered it in college but didn't have the patience. In my experience, automated testing is best on engine / backend type projects while manual testing works best on user facing projects. If the purpose of your code is automation, as in an engine, EDI, etc, automated testing works best. If the purpose of your code is manual user interaction, manual, human testing is best. You can get away with 100% manual testing, but you can't get away with 100% automated testing. YMMV. A few points just for fun: 1. Christianity, the group who builds Cathedrals, is probably the most profitable organization in the history of mankind. 2. Bazaars blow away when the wind picks up. If too many people show up, things start falling down. Cathedrals, and their close cousins, castles, last centuries. 3. I think Bazaars have their place, when you really need to ramp up something to show. We used to call that prototyping. If it gets past that, you gotta build it right eventually. Well, in all fairness, that's a 30+ year old codebase. There have been a lot of fingers in there and a lot of hard deadlines. So why not run it through reporters and if they bury the story, then release it. Snowden ran his story through reporters and it certainly wasn't buried. The media is spinning it and reporting it now. I'm fine with the release, I'm not fine with essentially doxxing all the donors. Also, Assange is currently putting his own spin on it implying the DNC staffer that died was murdered. Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. I agree with this. There is no vast media conspiracy. If nothing else, Fox would be all over it, as would the tabloid (most of these days) media. There's no honor among thieves. >I think what you mean is they're implying motive and conspiracy. Yes, thanks for correcting that. Businesses have been doing everything in their power to reduce the cost of programmers. Offshoring, lobbying the H1B system, Agile, get everyone to code initiatives, overly broad non-competes, etc. One day they will get it, but they haven't figured it out yet. Imagine how much programmers would make if they were unionized. I would imagine at least double. I would imagine they have much better social safety nets than in the US. In the US, if you are unable to work, for whatever reason, you are pretty much on your own. I wouldn't think so. Previous unions started one company at a time. If the company has US workers who are willing to unionize, the union has instant power to block or limit many attempts to gut the workforce through offshoring, etc. Yes, you can keep plenty busy with things that don't pay. Art, traveling, gardening, exercising, etc. In fact, most of those things get pushed aside when people work. There is a huge confirmation bias. You only hear about the horror stories, while people who are perfectly fine are afraid to admit so much, because of social stigmas and prejudices. Hell most companies require a drug screening as a condition of employment. People who smoke pot aren't going to come out and mention it at the water cooler for fear of retribution. I was talking with a co-worker about US laws in general and he mentioned something I'd never thought of. Many of the laws we pass, speed limits, alcohol tax, prohibition, .08 legal driving limit, etc are designed for the lowest common denominator. Meaning, we pass laws based on the worst case scenario. It seems like it's illegal to do just about anything these days. It's easy to be happy. Read a book about life in a WWI trench, read a book about a former slave, read a book about the plague. Go visit an old folks home. Read about parents who lost their kids in a tragic accident. Just remembering those things make me realize that I should be happy with what I have. Think of it this way. One day, guaranteed, you will have at least one very serious problem. Be happy that day isn't today. Study history and realize how much worse your life could be, random or not, and be happy you aren't in that hell. An old yet succinct term would be, "count your blessings." You should find things to be thankful for every day. Your health, your family, the fact that you aren't starving. The fact that you have access to clean water. And for Christ's sake, stop consuming news for a while. If you have to worry, pick the top 3 things to worry about and ditch the rest. I did that for many years. It made me better at my craft, at least until the next "big new way of thinking" comes around. I've recently stopped when I've come to the realization how precious time and experiencing good health is. You only have so many days on this earth. Don't sell them all to someone else on the pretense that it makes you be able to sell them all to someone else for a little more money. Compared to most US news, the BBC is a shining star. You should watch some 24 hour US news sometime. Fox News, CNN or MSNBC are designed for the lowest common denominator. Honestly, in the US, you will be destitute unless you are immensely wealthy. Nursing homes cost $100K a year today, imagine what they will cost when it's your time to be in one. Insurance doesn't cover it, neither does Obamacare. If you go the Medicaid route, they will take all your income and assets minus your house and car, assuming they are paid for. It gets depressing fast, enjoy it as much as you can until that day comes. I think there is more to a degree than that, but you make a good point. Now a days, instead of trying to figure out a problem, coders try to figure out which framework has already figured out the problem. It allows for less experienced people to get things done, but limits you to being able to mortar together bricks rather than make bricks. The problem arises when you need to make bricks. You don't necessarily need a CS degree to make bricks, but you need to learn most things taught with a CS degree. I read an article the other day where police placed a bicycle unlocked in a public place, then watched it. Once someone took off with it, they arrested him. Since he didn't plea bargain, the judge gave him 3 years. A couple things: 1. I would think either a fine or a 30 day sentence is more than enough. 2. I think it's bad for society in general for police to actively bait people into committing crimes. 3. That's about $150,000 of taxpayer dollars for a $100 bicycle. 4. Unrelated but important. In the US, it's legal for police to lie to you about your rights, what evidence they have, or anything really. I believe that is bad for society as well. I think a prison sentence on someone's record will make them more likely to repeat the crime. With the criminal record, minimum wage, or close to, are the only options available. Also, it's human nature to believe you won't get caught. If someone thought they were likely to get caught, they wouldn't do it. Thirdly, what makes you think a 3 year sentence would deter someone from doing it any more than a 30 day sentence would? I'm sure the person didn't even realize stealing a bicycle carried a 3 year sentence. For deterrence to work, a person must know the punishment for the crime. Also, the 3 year sentence doesn't fit the crime. At some point, it becomes cruel and unusual. I think locking a person up for 3 years for stealing an unlocked bicycle that the police planted trying to bait someone into stealing it is cruel and certainly unusual. It's also pretty darn close to entrapment. What if police left a penny on the sidewalk and arrested anyone who picked it up and locked them away for 3 years? How much different is that from the scenario I described? How about a quarter? How about a $20? What denomination would make 3 years and arguable entrapment acceptable? Finally, we have a deterrence paradox. If the US houses the largest prison population in the world, why are there people still stealing bicycles? On the other hand, if crime is at an all time low, why are we still locking people up at an increasing rate every year? If it was, why are there so many bike thieves? >What difference then does it make it if is 30 days or 3 years? Because a 3 year gap in your work history is much harder to explain than a 30 day one. Also, when someone runs a background check and sees that a hire was imprisoned for 3 years, they will think the crime was much worse than it was. >Not necessarily, some people who know that with high probability they will get caught still perform crimes; drug addiction can be quite powerful. At a first glance, I would think that substance abuse treatment/improvement in mental health facilities can help here. That's an exception that proves the rule. Drug addiction isn't rational thought. >But in my view, your proposed solution does not do much either to the problem of deterrence. I think prison terms as deterrence is an illusion. Prison terms as punishment which may have a secondary result of future deterrence is more likely. >What if the police simply want to install a tracker, in order to investigate the possibility that the theft is being performed by an organized ring which regularly steals bikes, in which case a 3 year sentence could fit the crime? Standard bikes do not come with trackers; this will require active intervention. You are simply adding complexity to the same immorality. >I fail to see why there should be a blanket "no to entrapment" in the case of police, but continue to allow it for civilians. Police can and do arrest you. There are privacy laws in the US against such things, or at least there were. >I don't have an answer to this. On the other hand, in my view your proposals do not either. As I stated earlier, I don't believe deterrence is the primary reason for sentencing. It's punishment for a crime. >Long before that is the case, there'd be no incentive for the manufacturer to sell the car at all; they'd make more money just pushing the button themselves the minute the car rolled off the assembly line. If they sold a car, they get profit immediately. If they kept the car for their own fleet, it would take longer to earn the same profit and then add additional overhead of maintaining the fleet, the reservation system, refunds, additional litigation, etc. Also, if the market is super saturated, they can sell cars to companies unable to make a profit. The manufacturer still gets the sale even thought the car doesn't realize a profit through a fleet. The smart move would be to sell cars and also keep a fleet. It really depends on how well they could manage the fleet being a car manufacturer. They are quite different businesses and you don't get much overlap, other than the vehicle at cost and perhaps maintenance parts. The even smarter move would be to franchise the fleet so you push off the management and operating costs but increase your sales and take part of the profit for branding, advertising, etc. The fleet would of course cross brand the vehicles. Maybe, depends on what the overhead is and if you sell that car to yourself at cost or not. Fleets could be an ultra low margin business. You also have to take into account inflation. Also, when companies don't "stick to the knitting," they often don't as well as their core business because an SVP of Tesla marketing has different skills than an SVP of Hertz marketing. Certainly a higher risk than just selling a car and taking the profits immediately. A car rental company could do that even better than a car manufacturer. The salaries listed for a senior programmer that gauge how much H1Bs are paid are obnoxiously low. Last time I looked, I was shocked. When the average salaries listed are lower than anyone other than junior programmers, they get H1Bs for cheaper. Also, the companies can hire a person as a front line support and pay them accordingly, but actually have them doing system development or design. Big businesses in the macro sense, seem willing to do anything to cheat the system to drive down costs and subsequently wages. I do think raising the cap will help. You are absolutely right. The people who make those decisions aren't paid for quality, they are paid to cut costs. They will offshore their entire departments, get a huge bonus, then cut and run to do it to the next company before it all comes crashing down. There are success stories, but those success stories of H1B aren't the ones that pay bare minimum. Companies who pay top dollar for H1B get the great ones. The companies who pay bottom dollar get shut down in 5 years. You'd figure after 20+ years of this, executives would learn, but they don't care to. They are incentivized for precisely what they do. We're talking about labor, specifically programming, not cost of materials. It doesn't really work that way. You can hire 1 top notch guy for $200K a year and produce a better product faster than 10 guys at $50,000 a year. You are assuming that developers are cogs. They are not assembly line workers, they are more like authors. Programming is a creative endeavor. The issue is really two fold: 1. Execs think that programmers are cogs and one is just as good as the other. 2. Many companies can't keep good developers because they are hell holes and the culture doesn't even know how to promote creativity. I believe the reason is so they can make them thinner. >If I used them now what if I get flu later in the year? Walk into the head of HR's office and tell them about it. Make sure you become a close talker and linger around a few minutes. Maybe leave a tissue in the trash can. They probably came up with the policy. If you don't get anywhere, go into your boss's office and their boss' office and do the same. Definitely don't go to your peer's office / cube. It's funny, I've been in the industry so long and I usually stay at places 5+ years, so I've been able to skip quite a few trends. When new guys come in, I'll ask about the stuff I've skipped wondering if they are still relevant. Sometimes they are and sometimes I hear things like, "oh, that's so old, this is the new thing." >What is it about the Commodore/AmigaOS brand that is worth resurrecting? Nostalgia, and you can't really resurrect nostalgia. I loved my Commodores when I was growing up, but times have changed. The BBS software that I ran and modded are long gone, the friends I would post with are long gone, the doors would be fun for about 5 minutes. It was great, but it's like meeting a great childhood friend that you haven't seen in 20 years. Most of the time, it's fun to reminisce, but there's nothing new there. We've both changed. The first off the top of my head is over the top DA's and police backed by a general authoritarian political class. The drug war is what gives these type of police the justification for their actions. The drug war will be our undoing. I took a counter once. When you're miserable at a place, for whatever reason, a big pay raise will make you forget it for about 4 months, then you'll be miserable again. Life is too short to be miserable 8+ hours a day. That's not a counter offer, that's asking for a raise. Counter offer is when you get an offer from another company and tell your boss you want to leave, but your boss makes a counter offer to keep you to stay. Yes, I suppose a counter offer doesn't require notice, just another offer, real or imaginary. Yes, that's another unfortunate thing HR does. If I'm so miserable that I've actively sought, interviewed and received an offer, I'm gone. Like someone else alluded to, most shitty jobs aren't shitty because of pay. I've worked at 2 companies in the last 14 years and they both got really shitty after being acquired by a private equity firm. It usually takes 2 years until it's unbearable. I stayed so long because they were wonderful jobs; work and pay; and growing like wildfire before the M&A. In my experience, all raises are based off your hiring salary. You start at $100K, you gets several 10% raises, you end up at $100Kx1.10. If you start at $75%, same thing. $75Kx1.10. Rinse and repeat. After 5 years, you are significantly behind based on that initial negotiation. Also, I've read never take the first offer. YMMV. >your employer is given cause to question your loyalty and may be more suspicious of your contributions moving forward. This sentiment has been expressed by MS CEO Satya Nadella and I'm sure it's popular in other management circles. Haven't they laid off around 20,000 people in the past few years? Seems like MS as a company wants to have it both ways, as I'm sure many do. That and the economic recession where lots of people who had vehicles were now trying to make ends meet. Also, they paid their drivers better initially until they build up their driver network. Of course leveraging the media helped and a symphony of other things all pushed them to where they are now. I'm late GenX. I used to swear like a sailor at work (and everywhere really) until I had a kid and I actively had to mitigate the use of my preferred expletives. A lot of fricks and dangs these days. My favorite? "Poop on a stick." That's a good one, I'll have to remember to add it to my repertoire. Cynically, I think it's because the constitution implies journalists freedoms that certain public figures would prefer the general citizenry not have. >Salary ranges on job listings benefit employers not employees. I guess that's why most companies in the US don't list salaries, out of the goodness of their hearts. Ranges on jobs benefit employees. It's simple negotiation. You want the other person to put out the first number. If the employer is thinking $100K for a position, but a qualified candidate starts with $80K, they just saved $20K a year. If they put $100K, they started first, so an employee who would have taken $80K now gets $100K. As a side note, all IT people should watch Pawn Stars, American Pickers or any reality show that is part negotiation. It will give you a feel of small things to help negotiate. If all IT people learned to negotiate better, everyone's salaries would go up. We used this in the BBS days. C-Net in the C64 days, then WWIV when I switched to PC clones in 1990. Both platforms had full source code available. It's where I cut my teeth. I have one of those keyboards and love it, but it's too noisy when sharing a room. It can also be used as a highly effective weapon if need be. I currently use the CODE keyboard. It's ok. I'm trying not to sound snarky, but: different strokes for different folks. Who are you to tell someone how to spend their money? Just basic common sense. Ok, that was a little snarky. I would love a phone that I could plug into a dock and use just like a regular computer. I was certain that's what Microsoft was going after with their Windows 8 release. I'm not sure why they aren't pursuing it. I think I read somewhere that Intel dropped their mobile chip line. But their memory is magical.