I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird $20000 out of $40000 and 8 days left... hopefully he'll manage to raise it all. I played it soon after the demo was released and it got me super excited. Feels like Portal - when in some vlog entry the author admited to be a big fan of Portal series I wasn't surprised ;) Facebook at least allows an easy opt-out. Bitcoin is not and never was anonymous. It's pseudonymous by design. Given the state of legal regulations in most of countries in the world, you're probably waiting for some revolution. It's practically impossible to legally use the freedoms given to you by such free modem firmware (theoretically you could send it to certification each time you do something with it). Neo900 project realized that (and the lack of resources to build the modern modem at all - the needed amount is enormous), so instead of trying to make free baseband and failing inevitably, it's going to include some kind of "sandbox" allowing for tight monitoring of everything the modem does. I've got 16384 tile. I have a strange feeling that I might be doing something wrong... >PhoneBloks >product PhoneBloks was just a "product" of designer's imagination, nothing more. All he did was to think about "LEGO-phone" and make a catchy animation describing the idea - the idea that wasn't even unique or new, as similar ones (together with 3D-printed or homemade cases, which were later actually realized) were already appearing few years ago on Openmoko mailing lists triggered by GTA04 motherboard upgrade for Neo Freerunner. Looks exactly like "shallow" mode of BlessN900 app for Nokia N900 from few years ago. It's funny to see how most of the "innovations" in mobile world presented today either by Apple or Google was already implemented on open or semi-open platforms like Openmoko or Maemo few years before. Most of them only as experiments, granted, but still shows what the community is capable of on its own when not putting unnecessary restrictions on it. Well, the only "new approach" I can see here is letting the user decide which part of image should be sharp. BlessN900 camera app for Nokia N900 was doing exactly what this new app does few years ago, but it was choosing the focus point automatically. They can use Nokia brand only for few years, they don't have rights for it. It was known right from the beginning of this selling story that Nokia brand will disappear from mobile devices industry. Only the remaining parts of Nokia, not sold to Microsoft (part working on localization services etc.), will be able to continue to use this name. They have to, they didn't get this brand. They've just got rights to use it for few years together with mobile devices part of Nokia. ...and about anyone not "a US resident with a US shipping address"? :P There are lots of them. Just look at what GTA04 and Neo900 are using (Option and Cinterion). Such project can't accept closed baseband being highly integrated with main CPU and RAM like most of modern smartphones do, so they use ready 3G/LTE modules to move it out as a USB peripheral in CPU perspective. http://neo900.org/ NetBSD and FreeBSD were already ported to Neo Freerunner few years ago, and you actually don't have to start the graphics layer on any OS. You can also already use whatever programming language you like, it runs just a standard operating systems like your desktop do, just compiled to different cpu arch (arm). If there's any BSD running on OMAP3 boards like BeagleBoard, then running it on Neo900 will be trivial and you can do it by yourself. Any documentation needed for more specific support will be public, so you can do that by yourself as well. also, Openmoko is long in the past. Long live OpenPhoenux! :) RPi doesn't allow you to use your own bootloader. You cannot even start it without closed blob, so it's in contradiction to your previous requirements. Neo900 probably won't come with any OS preinstalled, maybe except some Debian based BSP which you'll be encouraged to replace with OS of your choice, as it won't be supposed to be actively used - it will be there for easy testing if all hardware works as it should. It is a small project with very small target audience (currently about 350), so it won't be built to shelf, as there's simply not enough money to do that; therefore if you eventually want it you should express your interest now by donating at least 100 EUR, so you'll be counted on component sourcing. Donation will act as a rebate on the price of the device when it's out (in few months). More details: http://neo900.org/#donate Where to buy? Straight from its manufacturer, of course. There's also GTA04 - http://gta04.org/ - which is already out for few years, but now it's unfortunately hardly obtainable and it seems like there's not enough interest from customers to do next production batch (well, most of potential customers probably were stolen by Neo900 :P). Neo900 is based on GTA04 and produced by the same company. And of course there's also old good Openmoko Neo Freerunner, which despite of being massively underpowered, meets all requirements you mentioned. It should be still available at some retailers, like Golden Delicious Computers, Pulster or IDA Systems. Also, you might want to look at MIPS-based Qi-Hardware Ben NanoNote. It's not a phone, but it also meets your requirements and it's available (though supplies seem to be near end, so you better hurry if you decide that you want it. AFAIK Pulster and IDA Systems still have it, but you can count remaining units with hand). I don't know if someone launched any BSD on it, but I can't see why it shouldn't be possible. So, to make it clear, every device I mentioned so far in all my comments, except Neo900, already went on sale. With Neo900 it's a matter of few months. From future devices also worth noting, there's DragonBox Pyra, an OpenPandora successor, which will also provide optional modem (the same like in Neo900 btw - those two are actually sister projects, sharing some developers). The only thing Raspberry Pi is better than any of those devices is price, but when you'll count money and time spent on making Raspberry Pi an acceptable option when operating on battery, this probably won't be true anymore. >(because that's all that exists) Well, that's not true. Neo Freerunner and GTA04 both exist and Neo900 will soon join them. None of them needs any bizzare "rooting" and if you want to port some OS to them you're ready to go. All you need to have that's not openly available to everyone for free is a device. Of course they all have some flaws, but as a consumer you do have a choice. Also, GTA04 and Neo900 should both be perfectly capable to run Firefox OS. Work on this UI started long before Chrome. That's Chrome that looks like Firefox mockups, not the other way. Actually, after trying NoScript not long ago my web experience dramatically improved. Where I need to enable JS I can do it in two clicks, while where I don't have to, everything is faster and not cluttered with useless stuff. I like it! AdBlock slows down the browser. I recommend Privoxy. I'm often using different browsers on different devices and only some of them have NoScript installed, and from my experience I can tell that usually if something doesn't work without JS, it's perfectly visible that it's broken until you whitelist it. I can also tell via tiny toolbar that something is blocked on the site, so if it doesn't include lots of analytics or social media cruft then I usually just unblock it on any pages that focus on useful content. Before I actually installed it, I had the same concerns like you described, but the reality showed that it's moot, and the advantages were even higher than expected, so I sticked with NoScript :) My Dell Vostro 2520 seems to match all those requirements, but I added SSD by myself. Of course Openmoko. I'm using Openmoko Neo Freerunner, but often also carry Nokia N900, which is nicer for web browsing and writing thanks to hw keyboard. I'm looking forward to replace them both with Neo900. And what's more - modem often has full access to the main RAM without CPU control. It has the ability to read or even manipulate every bit of any executable or data you run on CPU without you knowing anything about it. And even if someone doesn't care about NSA and stuff, modem firmwares are often ridiculously buggy and easy to exploit, so go figure... While producing free radio chip is practically impossible due to both economical and legal reasons (the closest you can get to it is OsmocomBB running on old 2G TI Calypso modem, and the only reason it exists is that TI Calypso has mysteriously disabled checking of firmware signature even thought the functionality for it is present...), there are devices that mitigate the risks by connecting the modem as a "slave" (for instance via USB - this might impact the performance and battery life, as CPU is busy copying data from/to the modem, but it's way more safe than DMA access) or even implement "modem firewalls" that monitor any modem activity and alarm if it does something when it wasn't supposed to do it. Neo900 ( http://neo900.org/ ) is such project and soon there should be a longer article about this modem firewall solution published. That's why there are devices like Neo900, where technically you're a software vendor - just like on your PC. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem that Android has. Android is open and free and all, but most of the devices out there don't give the user this freedom at all. Firefox OS has exactly the same problem - Mozilla does not enforce by any way that the officially branded FxOS implementation should be open. Most of FxOS phones to date, maybe except Geeksphone, are simply closed and need some ridiculous rooting or unlocking in order to just reflash them with newer version of FxOS. Just look at GTA04/Neo900 (and possibly Freerunner too, but it would probably be massively underpowered) - you could run both Android (Replicant) and Firefox OS there without using any single line of closed source line - but that doesn't represent the usual customer experience for Android and FxOS branded phones. So where's the difference? Just like in any 3G USB dongle you attach to your PC (in fact, Neo900's modem operates in exactly the same way). For something as close to "free baseband" as possible, get a Neo Freerunner (or some other phone with TI Calypso) and install OsmocomBB - however, you won't be allowed to use it legally on public networks in most of jurisdictions in the world. There's a closed-source firmware running on your PC mainboard, HDD/SSD/SD card, mouse, keyboard, GPU, Ethernet card... All of it can be rather nefarious. Get rid of the PC? (or simply use phones which connect their modems as a peripherals and implement monitoring, like Neo900, not as a master with DMA as most phones today do) You would still have to trust the manufacturer that it didn't implement fake reporting of well-known signature while in fact using something different. Pointless. That's what you get when using a platform that's not developer, but app store customer friendly. Without breaking into your own device you can't do much with it, so it's hardly a surprise. ZTE Open is as closed and undocumented as your typical Android phone. Dunno about Open C, but I wouldn't expect it to be any different. The whole freesmartphone.org middleware was initially implemented in Python and there is bunch of Python apps in distros like SHR. Python is great for mobile when it comes to hacking on-the-fly - I actually traced down and fixed few bugs in early Openmoko while getting bored in tram etc. thanks to the most useful parts being implemented in Python. Unfortunately, on Freerunner the difference in performance was very visible - however it shouldn't be as bad on more recent hardware. When I don't want to tinker with my Debian anymore, I just stop doing it and things work the way I left them. That's the main beauty of good Linux distros that keeps me so attached to them - I always can play with stuff, but I don't have to. And when I want to, it's much better choice than OS X for that. That's kinda sad. It always was an issue and still will be for a long time. Neo900 project takes another way to neutralize the modem - by sandboxing and monitoring its activity. This alone probably makes it much more secure and privacy-friendly than Blackphone. Since I've installed NoScript and started using it in similar way as parent described, my web browsing experience improved a lot. Now I only need something similar and easy to use for mobile browsers. It's an example UUID from Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier You can still talk about some project from the past. If you never had any hobbyist pet-project (during studying? while learning first language(s)? before getting a job?), then it's quite likely that you're not the person the author is looking for, no matter if you have or don't have time for a hobby now. Some Adobe Air apps, like the one to fill the tax forms in Poland, require Adobe Reader for form support. EFF already offers such stickers: https://supporters.eff.org/shop/laptop-camera-cover-set Maybe the part with absurd answers could make some sense if done properly (however, mastering the usage of absurd is not easy - there's a thin line between being intriguing and pathetic), but if someone would use this "telling the story" questions during the conversation with me I'd just be annoyed - especially if that would be a stranger. That's some meaningless stuff where you don't even have any slightest idea of where to start when answering, unless you go into absurd as well, which may or may not be the way to go depending on your mood, person you're talking to, etc. "(specially those don't even bother to look at you when you are talking)" I often look mostly at the floor or at the sky when listening or talking to someone. It usually helps me to concentrate on the content of the conversation - and I noticed that I do that during the most engaging and interesting rather than the most boring ones. "I have no idea, give me a few hours to think about it" :P So the schools are discovering that iPads are a toys rather than work devices? What a surprise! Notice how all those teachers were "at first disappointed that they weren't getting an iPad". Really? If you choose the tool based only on its coolness factor, you'll hardly get the right one, especially for education. It's funny how clueless comments here are focused almost entirely on the matter of non-triviality, which is completely unrelated to the point of this project. Triviality heuristics are in fact only an implementation detail, something made to make the usage of this extension a bit more bearable. It could be completely missing and the gist of this extension would still be preserved - that is, ensuring that no proprietary code gets executed in the browser. And how would you define the "non-triviality" of JS code? Actually, you can omit that completely. This extension does not need any triviality heuristics to do what it is meant to do. If it does it - it does it only to make life of its users a bit easier. It's not about blocking non-trivial scripts. It's about allowing trivial scripts even if they're not explicitly marked as free. Great. But why are you saying this in thread about something completely unrelated? It's hardly "redoing an existing project". It's about giving user control on what he/she executes on his/her machine. It's just NoScript with automatic whitelisting of free software, nothing more. Are you forced to install this extension? If I'm an abstainer and I refuse to go drinking to a friend, does it mean I'm infringing his freedom to take me drinking, or would he infringe my freedom if he would keep bothering me about that against my will? It's my freedom to say no. I won't use this extension, as I don't really mind non-free JS code being executed by my browser (aka I don't mind some beer from time to time), but I fully support and understand people who develop and use it. There's simply no other way to use the web and not use non-free software, aside of disabling JS completely. That's why triviality heuristics are there. This article is already a few years old, GIMP uses GEGL for a lot more stuff now than it did at the time this was written. Amazing. About that mesmerizing signal: just take a look at the pop music industry. Neo900 http://neo900.org/ will be able to detect such things as well. Uhm... > Updated: $Date: 2012/08/22 01:51:19 $ No, it doesn't. A homepage with a loader that obstructs the content (which doesn't need JS to be usable) and won't hide unless JavaScript is enabled... Nice start. It's rather "Lennart Poettering on how communities react to him". He's very controversial person and it's not like he didn't earned that title by himself. Of course stuff like death threats cannot and shouldn't be justified in any way (however, they're not uncommon in any large community when dealing with highly controversial topics), but things like petitions are just hyperbolic opinions on Poettering's work and on how it affects all of us. Poettering is no longer mere "technical guy" from "technical community". He's more like political figure, and political figures have to deal with various political reactions. There are always extremes like that, even when dealing with the most innocent topics you could imagine. People can even react similarly with death threats over a change in cartoon TV show that they didn't like. In any sufficiently large community you will find some small percentage of such people, it's nothing exclusive to init systems or even tech as a whole. And it's absolutely not "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, therefore it's OK"! It's never OK. It's rather "Poettering is a prominent, controversial person, so he should be at least prepared for that and not act like he's surprised". No. It's not about how Twitter, Facebook and Google can track users. It's about how you can use LinkedIn to track users. It's just a bit heavy on Firefox compared to GIFs, but works. Yeah, especially if everything what he wrote there was like that bitcoin hitman stuff, which turned out to be just a line like "maybe we should start btc fund?" from IRC written after someone else complained about issue with systemd by guy known from his funny trolling there - and absolutely nothing more than that. While at first I felt a bit sorry for him when I read that post, after I learned about what exactly was that "hitman threat" I lost any remaining respect to Poettering. That's just grabbing attention and playing victim. He deserves negative response for that. Better finally port FxOS to truly free mobile platforms, like GTA04! Since when is Raspberry Pi "mostly free"? My one lays right now next to me and it still cannot even boot its CPU without non-free firmware. Recently (during last two weeks or so) a lot of such suspicious traffic started appearing in Google Analytics as various versions of Internet Explorer, not only 7. We were forced to filter out IE completely to just calculate stuff like conversion rate. Great that legitimate traffic from IE was negligible anyway, but who knows how much of this traffic is still hiding there as some other browsers? Thankfully, as far as I know we don't do any retargeting campaigns right now (but I think we did in the past, and we were targeted by those IE7 bots in July as well), but it's still awful PITA to deal with it in analytics data. So, I'm seconding your comment completely. 𝕴 𝖋𝖊𝖊𝖑 𝖆 𝖓𝖊𝖜 𝖛𝖎𝖗𝖆𝖑 𝖙𝖍𝖎𝖓𝖌 𝖔𝖓 𝖘𝖔𝖈𝖎𝖆𝖑 𝖒𝖊𝖉𝖎𝖆 𝖈𝖔𝖒𝖎𝖓𝖌. How long till afl-fuzz reaches consciousness? All right! To the Chron-O-John! Old monochrome reflective LCDs used that, but smartphones and tablets are almost always using transmitive screens with backlight (sometimes transflective, like on Nokia N900, but reflective properties are only usable in very bright sunlight). Kindle Paperwhite however has 100% reflective e-ink screen plus set of LCDs that shine through the light guide layer above the screen. Some people think that makes it better than transmissive LCDs - that's why using Kindle Paperwhite instead of iPad in this test would be much more insightful, as sleep-disturbing properties of transmissive, blue-tinted LCDs are nothing that wasn't known before. >I do wish it could turn off completely, however. You can "jailbreak" it and simply control it via standard LED sysfs interface. >I would love to see an N900/950 modernization just for the ability to run actual linux on the phone to serve as a toolkit. That's what Neo900 is. All privacy-wise "features" are just a side effects of designing it properly (as in: treating blackboxes as blackboxes instead of explicitely giving them full control over user OS, controlling what data the baseband has access to etc.). There are some additional measures like power switches, monitors, breakers - but those are pretty cheap to put in. Nothing will reboot "every time there is some BS signal on the same frequency or the modem decides to wake up or hop channels on it's own". The point of Neo900's monitoring is to let the user access to information that modem is doing something. Of course if you really want to, you can then setup your software to automatically reboot (or power cycle the modem alone) - but outside of very special use cases, that would be pretty pointless. If you don't care, you simply don't use that data. >But if anyone thinks that any device they can hack together will give them any level of privacy over organizations like the NSA is living in la-la land... Neo900 won't magically protect you from anything - no device will. Instead, it gives you tools which, when used properly, can allow you to fight off some of the mass surveillance techniques. Like encryption, which is pretty much rendered moot in most of modern phones where the modem has direct RAM access. Keep in mind however that when you are an explicit target of some three letter agencies, they can probably employ better and more effective methods against you than sniffing on your mobile phone. tl;dr: Neo900's privacy solutions are rather targeted towards Stallman, not Snowden or some intelligence agent from foreign country. There's also a recording from the presentation. That was my first "big" talk in English and it's sometimes hard to listen to, but maybe someone will find it useful :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit... I hate capacitive screens. They're great for tablets, but overly limiting on phones with small screens - especially "hacker-oriented" ones. I used to code using on-screen keyboard with fingernails on my old Neo Freerunner. It maybe wasn't the greatest programming experience ever, but it worked for me and I had some great debugging sessions while in tram :) I can't imagine doing that if Freerunner had capacitive screen - even if there wouldn't be a bezel around the screen anymore. People seem to hate resistive screens based on their experiences with poor ones (which is understandable, as most of them are pretty poor). However, a good one is a real pleasure to use, and I find the one used in N900 a good one. If you donate at least 100 euros, you can be sure that there will be a device produced for you (it's built to order, not to shelf). Also, this amount you pay now will already count to the final price, so if you donate 100 EUR now, you'll pay 100 EUR less when finally ordering the ready device. http://neo900.org/faq Why for? It won't change anything. On OnePlus the modem is tightly integrated with the rest of the system, and on Nexus 4 you cannot even boot Android to any usable state without proprietary blobs, so forget about any non-Android based OS (remember that Ubuntu for mobiles is just a chroot-like layer on top of Android base system). The same drawbacks? Let's see: * "only 256MiB RAM" - Neo900 has 4 times more. * "no BT 4.0" - WG7351-00 has BT 4.0 support. * "no LTE" - you can choose PLS8 modem with LTE. * "no proper USB OTG" - Neo900 has it, plus even internal USB pins for homemade mods. * "no gyro" - Neo900 has one. * "no compass" - Neo900 has one. 512MB flash comes together with RAM package, and it's actually nice to have just for better Maemo/N900 compatibility. There's no reason why you couldn't boot OS from eMMC, which will for sure be at least 32GB. Actually, if you plan to tinker a lot with the phone, I'd recommend having some sort of rescue OS in flash, and your own OS of choice on the first partition of eMMC. 1080p movie may be a bit tough to play on this SoC, right. 720p however should be fine, and I hardly see the point of going 1080p with 800x480 screen. BPP and SoC are connected only via USB, audio codec and some GPIOs. It's pretty much as separated as it can be - maybe except using serial line instead of USB. "They've could went with decent hardware and still probably charge as half as much." Of course - if we could produce number of units with a bit more zeros at its end, it would be very cheap. You haven't discovered anything special here - it's just standard economy of scale. With our current scale, any "modern" design would either cost ten times more, or wouldn't be possible to build at all due to lack of available components to buy in such low amounts. As an option, no. It's too big change, it would basically be a different product. Also, being able to base the design on already working and tested GTA04 was a major point when we evaluated feasibility of the project at its start. As an upgrade option later - possibly. After all, OpenPandora's Pyra is like our "sister project", sharing some of the developers. Making an OMAP5 upgrade board based on experience and knowledge acquired while working on Pyra shouldn't be that hard. Bug: On Nokia N900's MicroB browser on each step forward or backward it jumps over one question, effectively skipping half of them in total. I'm aware that it's a really old engine (from somewhere around Firefox 3.5 times), but it sounds like something trivial to fix. What's so important or unusual about the age of the author? It still feels strange to me. Makes him sound like some kind of exception, genius of his age or whatever - even if it's not intentional. Maybe that's just me considering it perfectly natural, given that just a few years ago at age 17 I've been already working on large portion of GNU/Linux distro for Openmoko phones and I knew a lot of people at the same age doing lots of other cool and meaningful stuff. I haven't really noticed that "cultural narrative" you're talking about. If it was 7 or 10, I'd be impressed. At 17, most of people are already capable enough to both learn how to write browser extensions and to care about politics, so he could be 27 or 37 and it wouldn't make a big difference to me :P ...and I'd actually say that for programmers the percentage of people who were young gamers is lower that for the rest of the population (or at least their gaming looked a bit different, focused on different genres etc.). Wow, so this is what's newsworthy these days? I had three exams this week that seemed "impossible", more are coming, where should I write to? The most important info is missing: does it still require a non-free blob to even just boot Linux? If only uploading the proprietary GPU firmware wasn't necessary to just launch the CPU, even at the cost of 3D acceleration and stuff like that, I'd be happy with it. It may even have reflashable closed blob inside - I know RMS wouldn't be happy with that, but I would. RasPi 1, however, required the user to provide a non-free blob on SD card, which is what I'm extremely unhappy with. They're not required, but (thankfully) we're not required to use hardware from vendors that don't do that. Beaglebone can be at least booted without non-free blobs, so it can be 100% free if you don't need to use 3D acceleration. Raspberry Pi cannot - even now with free GPU drivers, you still cannot get Linux working without providing non-free firmware blob to it first. Buy Openmoko Neo Freerunner for a fully free smartphone, or some old Motorola listed on http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/Hardware/Phones for a free dumbphone. Keep in mind however that using OsmocomBB based phone on public network without proper permission is illegal. http://bb.osmocom.org/trac/wiki/LegalAspects Also, just to state the obvious, OsmocomBB is limited to Calypso, which is limited to 2G. Implementing 3G is more complicated than 2G by an order of magnitude (and OsmocommBB is still far from having their 2G support complete). Plus Calypso is one of the only baseband processors out there that accepts unsigned firmware (which is exactly why it's OsmocomBB's target) and 3G on Calypso is not possible. TI Calypso, with OsmocomBB[1]. Haven't you seen the link you're commenting under? :P [1] of course all feature and legal restrictions apply, so don't get too excited about "yay free baseband finally!". It's a amazing research project nevertheless, which together with OpenBSC already gave us incredible insights on GSM security. All hail Harald Welte! \o/ Alternatively you can go the Neo900 route, where the baseband processor is in fact a separate USB module which can be separately turned off - just placed on the same PCB. http://neo900.org/ More about feasibility of a "OSS phone with no backdoors" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahPFCFooBv0&list=PL-s0IumBit...