I'm not sure 'purpose' is the right word here. Truly what is the purpose of a game? I don't think there's a trivial answer to the question, and I think 'story' is more fair. People care about stories. Stories generate meaning. it's madness out there enjoyed this line: "This leaves a pre-tax profit of 3.39 EUR / month per subscriber if I calculate it Groupon-style, totally ignoring marketing costs." At face value, to "make myself redundant" seems to contradict what Seth Godin advocates in his book: "Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?" [ http://www.amazon.com/Linchpin-Are-Indispensable-Seth-Godin/... ] Although I think they'd both agree on the goal of always looking to do interesting work, contributing to projects like a human being instead of doing cookie-cutter work, etc.. I can't help but think they'd also have some profound differences of opinion on how to get there. Also known as 'conversationally anal-retentive'. "stranded somewhere and not having anything to read". I can associate with this. Although there has been much written about the function and role of boredom in modern society. In particular, that while boredom may not be pleasant, or well understood, it is a different state of mind as opposed to active engagement and entertainment. And perhaps in the state of mind, certain thoughts may rise that need such an environment to percolate to the surface. Reminds me of Bruce Sterling's talk about the importance of having quality, physical things in your life http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 Agree, the element of time seems to be missing here - and this seems a central characteristic of workflows. Im a fan of using the spacebar as my leader key. Im waiting for this day to come for me, now. ViEmu or VsVim? The distinction between developing software and writing code seems a bit weak to me. So much has already been discussed about DFW. And still being written(for example: http://www.thepointmag.com/2012/essays/coming-to-terms ). I must say I'm almost surprised to see Hacker News branching into literary subjects, but of course there are related topics concerning technology in his work. Next thing we know, we'll start seeing articles about philosophy and metaphysics! it was my first thought, i'm afraid nice dig! I was just watching Bret Victor's Inventing on Principle talk and thus learned about Larry Tesler. He says Larry Tesler dedicated his life to removing modes from software back where was no such thing as modeless editing. Perhaps this is why. I agree, it's not really a learning tool (for a novice). Some commands here are pretty obscure; you wouldn't use some of them very much or at all, but that's not evident in the diagram. And you also have the right idea about learning vim incrementally ( http://yehudakatz.com/2010/07/29/everyone-who-tried-to-convi... ), instead of the "learn everything in parallel" approach that some advise. Perhaps this is the starting point then? https://gist.github.com/1886716 exactly. This is a "Modes" transition diagram. For example, :commands aren't modes as well. Good tip. I didn't know this as well. I think Bret may be targeting laypeople from what I've seen, so he will always come down on the side of enabling growth for larger numbers of people, as opposed to an 'elite' few (comparatively). I believe https://github.com/oo7ph/Trello-Clone another chrome extension, uses backbone as well. But I haven't studied this one (yet). Innovation in technology comes from using technology in ways it wasn't intended, not necessarily what is the most efficient. I'm wondering if I'll live long enough to where this won't be a joke anymore. a swarm of networked load-bearing quadcopters. Same story here! But I still use Notepad++ for quick tasks that I might otherwise have to spend a few thought cycles on in VIM. Also, I really like Notepad++'s Python Script plugin. I never realized this either. Thanks! Building something simalaar to this was the only good idea I'd been harboring forna while now, but it will be interesting to see the feedback. I couldn't figure out how flexible to make it or what features to support, or if it should accept a file-based data structure for those not wanting to program an api. I guess I don't really know the audience. The scope of articles has increased dramatically lately. The best part is the 'glasses falling' intro (ok, maybe not the best part, but a good one). Agree, and from the pictures it looks like they had plenty of assistance in setting this up. Me too, such as, is it black hole time yet?! If I could make things this beautiful (and it's not pure form, it's also functional), I'd feel a lot better about what I do. Some nice javascript to study as well. http://blog.nelhage.com/2010/01/on-git-and-usability/ "Fundamentally, the way (most) people learn and think about subversion is different from the way git experts think about git. subversion’s internal model is fairly complex, but you are not expected to understand it. You just have to know the half dozen commands you’ll ever need, and you use them, and everything is fine. Git’s model is fundamentally fairly simple (a DAG of immutable commit objects where branches are named mutable pointers into it), but you are expected to understand it fully to use git effectively." ... " The other, perhaps more fundamental reason, is that git is designed to be infinitely flexible, and so it’s fairly rare that you can give an answer for “How do I do X with git?”, since the answer will often depend on, “Well, what are your project’s conventions?” " In other words, perhaps git is like C Or maybe it's due to the 'rolling' shutter causing shear stretching as mentioned in the article You might as well say 'One plus the biggest whole number nameable with 1,000 characters of English text', if that sort of thing is allowed. agree on not changing fonts, colors, styles, buttons ... Yep!! The point is, if you say 'Take however many symbols it takes you to describe your large number', that's not well-defined and is fundamentally ambiguous due to the nature of language. The profile edit screen does say: [Email (will be public)] I feel screwed taking some online machine learning courses because I can barely do Linear Algebra. relevant: http://xkcd.com/1050/ "The only things you HAVE to know are how to make enough of a living to stay alive and how to get your taxes done. All the fun parts of life are optional." If we measured everything by how much we used it professionally, we wouldn't learn music, play sports, or any number of things we focus on in schools. Or for a bit more power, check out the APC for $49: http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/via-launch-a-49-android-p... "The APC’s spec includes a VIA WonderMedia ARM 11 processor at its core, 512MB DDR3 RAM, 2GB of on-board flash storage, 4 USB 2.0 ports, a microSD slot, Ethernet port, and both VGA and HDMI display ports. As for power consumption, it tops out at 13 watts under load and 4 watts when idle." Should be possible; not sure how hard it will be to compile fo r ARM Casting my vote for http://www.ribbonfarm.com I haven't read any papers, but I've heard of this experiment (or one with similar effects) before in a basic psychology class. Pinboard does if you also have bookmark archiving turned on. Are there any examples of machine learning and tagging beingused together in an online bookmarking service? Re 2: you do need to re use your tags, but it is also true that the more tags you use the better. Having a long tail of very specific tags is not an issue because it allows you to go very quickly to that specific tag, but re-using the general tag allows finding the item if the specific tag is forgotten. So you need both. The only problem this causes is browsing your tags, but then you're not really trying to find an item in thay case, so it doesn't matter as much. I see your point, yes. If you can't remember the name of the general tag, yes, you need to browse. Assuming the general tag is used somewhat often though, some services allow you to filter tags based on how often they're used (Pinboard does this). reddit called and was asking for you Characteristic of editing via Modes, previously seen: The Mother of All Demos: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mother_of_All_Demos Are we going to see more of a return to Modal editing? Thanks for the tip! Good observation on the proliferation of articles that need to be didactic these days. My guess is that it tends to grab ones attention a bit more? Yep, I came here to post this exact sentiment. 1. It's his first venture into a programming project 2. "var wordCount = value.trim().split(/\s+/).length" isn't much of a library. The benefit of a project like this for user's is so they can avoid building the scaffolding and deployment. The gist isn't quite as interactive. (PCM) -> Do you mean PCA (Pricipal Component Analysis)? An attempt to design a reasonable computer science curriculum using just Coursera courses, where “reasonable” is a curriculum that roughly mirrors the coursework required for a four-year university computer science degree: http://www.thesimplelogic.com/2012/09/24/you-say-you-want-an... I suffered a mini-panic-attack halfway through reading this, and had put my head on the floor until the nausea passed. That's interesting. At first glance, it seems like we invented Separability just to make things easier for us. In my head I'd always assumed that forces diminish continuously; But I guess that's what I get for thinking of force as something different from a particle. If all force is particles, I suppose it makes sense. Why does this have over 150 points? I'm sure there are a few cookie libraries, but so far I think I prefer https://github.com/js-coder/cookie.js I'm really pleased to see n+1 appear on hacker news. This is a great publication. Sometimes the writing can be a little obtuse, but in general I think many hn'ers would enjoy finding out more about them. Wow, the commenters here are really defensive about their text editors and CLI. Yes, they do rule the day and they do a damn good job at that. But aren't you at lest curious what else could be possible? Don't be so quick to shoot other ideas down, no-ones forcing you to move your cheese! "If you're going to study Backbone, it might be better to just study Backbone" I agree. At the end of this introduction, he gives, as further reading for the beginner, Lambda the Ultimate. Oohh look how smart he is! The following blog post is useful to see why all the back history the ars technica post goes into is probably more distracting that useful. http://therealkatie.net/blog/2012/oct/24/career-day/ I liked 1Q84. I felt it could have been a bit shorter without much loss to the story though. 'The Wind Up Bird Chronicle' and 'Hard Boiled Wonderland and The End of the World' remain my favorite Murakami novels. Your sentiment has been logged and cross-referenced in our classified database for the betterment of current and future society. Perhaps neuroticism includes it, but I think the term has been retired from usage in the past couple decades. I pretty much gave up games too. Especially console games. Especially shooters. I'd still like to try this out with some more chill indie/puzzle games though (i.e. English Country Tune) http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 "Four variety of items: Beautiful things; emotionally important things; tools, devices and appliances that efficiently perform some useful function; and category four, everything else." http://www.wired.com/beyond_the_beyond/2011/02/transcript-of... I think your description of "literalness" relates well to "geometric" typefaces (typefaces constructed on simple geometric shapes). I think a tag system instead of a directory system may be better for categorizing libraries. For example, is D3 is "data / undefined". Arguably it could exist in multiple categories. Thanks for this! Very cool. I wish there wasn't as much HDR-like post processing in these images. It kind of has an "uncanny valley" thing going on. Also, this sentiment is popularized as worse-is-better: http://www.jwz.org/doc/worse-is-better.html I understand F# is in the ocaml family. Any reason why one would prefer ocaml over fsharp? "To a first approximation the method of science is 'find an explanation and test it thoroughly', while modern core mathematics is 'find an explanation without rule violations'." This kind of rings a bell for me here concerning Formal Verification methods (i.e. proofs), possibly more popular with functional programming techniques. Amazing history, thanks! Siri is a commercial spinoff of a DARPA AI project Interesting example of how a substantial innovation (like Siri) yet again does not come from a private company, but from a R&D or such funded project without a short-term capitalist adgenda. Also I'd bet that this fact is largely unknown; this I'd understand is also characteristic. -- No wonder we're having problems getting public funding for "actual" new tech. I think newsblur supports some kind of training after looking at it today; not sure how effective it is. interesting, thanks! I like it! Although why would I use it over building a simple webapp hosted on the Pi by using existing server-side technologies such as Flask, Rails etc.. Or perahps I3! http://i3wm.org/ Although I skimmed a bit, but I was a little let down when the author started heavily editorializing the issue. I guess I just want to see more data and less up-font opinions on issues like this. It's true - but I like to think of it as an instance where it's ok to break all the rules and see something unexpected. Sometimes as a dev I feel boxed in with regards to how technology is intended to be used. ServiceStack vs WCF would probably be a more apt comparison, but I suppose there are people using SerivceStack for web apps as well. "There's an emphasis on the pleasure of choosing and planning. We've moved quite dramatically away from the action games of the 80s and 90s, where the primary mode of engagement was reaction to events." "Again, this comes back to the central appeal of games – authority. Game stories are often pretty hokey, but they're compelling because we're in control." "Another important game design facet is "disproportionate feedback", in which players are hugely rewarded for achieving very simple tasks." "Conversely, designers have discovered that failure can be an important factor in keeping us entertained. " "That loop of agency, learning and disproportionate feedback is at the heart of something very important," thanks instead of make install, consider checkinstall or fpm so that you are properly integrated into ubuntu's native package manager (dpkg). Doing so will save you headaches when you want to uninstall tmux or upgrade later. Perhaps a nice C-f then? Just passing by.. http://nightweb.net/#type=user&userhash=a4ehmznzujb4iiai... http://factorie.cs.umass.edu/ The job of actually building things belongs to the lower and middle classes. It has most always been a point of distinction for the upper class that they aren't concerned with utility. Part of the point of being upper class is freeing yourself from having to do utilitarian work. I don't think they'd need to scan the 300+ million new photos. They'd just need to scan the photos of individuals that governments and/or corporations would like to target. Yes extend is unnecessary in this case. The key was saving a reference to self. You're wrong. The saddest thing is the loss of life and limb. Of course, now that he's been caught, this is much easier to say.