I don't interview usually but when meeting a fellow programmer - my favorite question is what is your title - e.g. if they say Software Engineer - i ask them if they truly believe software can be engineered.. it's a way to open them up - i like to hear their philosophical views on the construction of software. Having lugged at least 10 pounds of laptop equipment+chargers, I think svelte and powerful are a good combination. The cons are can it live up to being tossed around a bit - My Dell and previous Compaq/Thinkpads could take a beating. I just watched the entire keynote and I think the skinny supermodel sexy MacBook isn't the standout product. Having been an early adopter of Windows Media Center PC, I can say that the PC part got in the way of the entertainment hub experience many a time. And we're not talking BSOD here - just the Penn-and-Teller combination of a PC and Entertainment Hub. Apple TV Take 2 doesn't require a PC. I think it would make a perfect Mother's Day gift (let your in-laws rent movies, see Flickr slideshow of their grandchildren's daily lives, YouTube party tricks). As someone who does tech support for relatives and family members (unwillingly sometimes), I welcome cool new digital devices that might actually not require a manual and tech support. What do you guys think of the Apple TV Take 2. I remember seeing The Titanic many years ago when it came out. During the scene where Kate Winslet poses topless for Leonardo, the artist, I was sitting next to a couple with their 8-or-9-ish year old children. It took a couple delayed seconds for the husband to react and shield his kid's eyes. During that time, the kids didn't flinch; the parents eventually did. Perhaps the kids didn't see anything wrong with seeing boobies - but now they associate them with something forbidden. I've observed co-workers working long days because they don't accomplish much during 9-5. Some people confuse activity with productivity. Quote from Jim Rohn - "If all you get from your job is a paycheck, you're underpaid" I think it's hard to do be good at something if you don't like it - I remember near-falling asleep in some boring (to me) subjects - I think some people are awake but asleep at their job. I feel fortunate that I am young enough to have grown up with the influence of the Internet, yet old enough to have had a formal introduction to the card catalog and good old fashioned go-to-the-library research. I can't imagine what High School would have been like if the Internet had been taking off - I don't think I would have graduated. Assuming they are working day and night, night and day that is close to $417/hr. The aspect of hiring high-class code hookers (or if you find that offensive, Ruby on Rails ninjas) aside, building a successful web site seems to be more about your network's influence when you launch. I wonder what the profit-margin for a top-100 Facebook application might be after paying for bandwidth/server costs, assuming they monetize through displaying advertising. How do independent Facebook application developers compete against the 800-lb gorillas of Facebook, Slide and RockYou? Slide and RockYou seem to prove economies of scale. From Craig Ulliot - developer of 50K+ daily user FB application 'Where I've been' "Well my application has become incredibly popular, and I'm very excited about it, don't get me wrong! But I'm a freelance developer, not a company, and its put a powerful 4GB $450 a month dedicated server on 3 backbones at maximum load and is pushing 2000GB a month in traffic. It doesn't make me any money and I'm getting hundreds of comments and emails daily about it. How can i support it and maintain it? What do i do with it now? its growing at a few users a second, so should i get another server each month?" http://tinyurl.com/yu6k98 Yes, good point. Cheaper than a small team of lawyers. I remember a build-a-website in 24 hours contest nine or so years ago - perhaps Obie and his team might volunteer their productive capabilities for a deserving non-profit? I think the right pro-bono project would generate good PR and better karma. I am interested in seeing what (assuming the who, who comissioned the site allow it) kind of customer experience can be built in three intensive days. As someone who has been at the same software company for 8+ years, reading articles about how you need to have a professional presence / a dossier on the web (blog, LinkedIn) frankly freaks me out. I went to a presentation by a recruiter (for graphic design) who echoed the fact that if you don't have a viable LinkedIn presence - you're not really a candidate. Blogging about personal & software development and learning Wordpress are high on my choose-to-do short list for 2008. What about Alice from Carnegie Mellon? Randy Pausch (of life wisdom) fame. In Alice, programming errors cause objects in the Alice 3D virtual world to have unusual visual properties and/or behavior. http://www.alice.org "Programming in Ruby generally feels like fun" Thank you. That does it. I am going to buy a laptop (probably the Asus EEE, not the MacBook Air) and start learning Ruby on Rails code during my 53 minute train ride. I bought "The Rails Way" because Zed recommended it at the end of his rant, and it's pretty Greek to me. I'll start with beginningrails.com and the Pick-Axe book (Zed's criticism about it, aside) Banks can lend out 10 times their assets. When they have to do a write-down, they are reducing their asset base (and the amount they can loan) Does reducing the interest rate help banks (because the way the Fed does it with T-bill purchases)? Reminds me of an axiom - if you're a jerk before you're rich, you'll probably be a jerk (in spite of and) if you become rich (excessive money amplifies your natural you like alcohol may strip your defenses). Someone saying 'when I'm rich, I'm going to start a charity and build a school... that's doesn't meaning much unless they already volunteer towards that end in some aspect...Empty words. As much as I'd like to say I could do low-level CS, I'm honestly not that good at algorithms. Quick sort? I'm good at problem solving, which is what I think matters. Before I knew better, I used to laugh at those people who found careers doing boring stuff with corporate applications (databases, etc.). The best part of my job is creating something from scratch - a blank screen of an IDE (when not fixing issues). And if we have excess energy after the workday/or on the weekend, we can always exert our creativity on open-source or personal projects. I love software development for the development aspect. How cool is it to say (or not say) to your friends that you could build a cool web startup (the tech is not that hard, except with exceptions)? The best programmers I know are five to six times as productive as average programmers and are paid two to three times as much. One difference between being a rock star programmer and a rock star? Female groupies. Scenario: Consultant on-site. Application not working (Oracle, app server, and/or network issues). Training scheduled for next day. Diagnose/Fix the problem during the teleconference or else.. I work with one. The productivity is an arbitrary measure in terms of how much unit tests they write and core functionality they contribute to the project. Architecture/infrastructure has a definite skewed ratio. It's mainly all server-side. I used to work with another who was known for merciless code reviews where developers would be reduced to almost tears. I avoided him. They aren't the most social of animals but I'd hire him for a startup. Is Reddit supposed to be democratic? I would say its more like a republic (with the representatives elected via Reddit karma points, the powerful getting more powerful) Not that there's anything wrong with that - Seth Godin says the #1 in most categories dominates - Vanilla ice outsells all other ice cream flavors combined. People like leadership, whether its ways to amuse away a little of the day (lolcats, conspiracy theories) or MSM I was even shyer than I was now in college, and I fondly recall wasting away hours chatting with people I never ever met on IRC. Yes, anti-social but not really - even the most shy people need some social contact. I think that's the true power of the Internet - from WoW to Facebook helping guys meet and date women they wouldn't otherwise. I was going to write this: http://www.amazon.com/none-CAR190-Labyrinth/dp/B00000ISLL but I realized I don't have the required skills in: Cocoa, performance, accelerometers, game code, tuning, usability, Objective-C, iPhone SDK, coding, testing Will someone write this? I guarantee I will buy it. Google 'threadless' + 'revenue' Go for it. For bonus points, start a blog about writing it. Build your own iPhone development community. I'll gladly beta test it too. WoW is just the precusor of the real-life Metaverse/Matrix as envisioned in Snowcrash/The Matrix/other SF Check out Job's seminal announcement of the Mac in 1984 (along with several other interesting, excellent presentations). http://www.knowhr.com/blog/2006/08/21/top-10-best-presentati... I see a trend that indicates flattening of revenue + growth Net Sales | Profit 1996 $ 9.8B | -$0.8B 1997 $ 7.1B | -$1.0B 1998 $ 5.9B | $0.31B 1999 $ 6.1B | $0.60B 2000 $ 8.0B | $0.79B 2001 $ 5.4B | -$0.03B 2002 $ 5.7B | $0.07B 2003 $ 6.2B | $0.06B 2004 $ 8.3B | $0.27B 2005 $13.9B | $1.33B 2006 $19.3B | $1.99B 2007 $24.0B | $3.50B *Data from SEC database: Conformity is important for company cohesiveness. It's part of the DNA. It's just that most companies have boring DNA. A minority, some companies like startups have a more radical DNA. When a boring company buys a startup-type interesting company, usually the DNA gets a little mixed (maybe color cubes, even). My sister's friend is an Emergency Room physician. After talking to her, you would be scared to leave your apartment and do something risky like crossing a city street. I remember having temporary pain from working alot and it would go away after a couple days... The bad thing - at some point, it becames residual - no amount of rest (short of 6-12 months of keyboard abstinence) will let you recover. You have to start proactively manage - You've broken the proverbial straw on the camel's back. That was years ago, I have a much-less painful, residual level of aching (2.5 on a scale of 1 to 10). Nowadays, I manage my work, with occasional flare ups (4/10). My advice is to get WorkPace restbreak software to force you take breaks. Consider using an burst-proof exercise ball chair (forces you to work your abs) http://www.fitter1.com/Catalog/Items/FBCJ.aspx Take Yoga classes, swimming (great full-body exercise, zero-impact). Alexander technique is good for gaining body awareness as well. If you slouch your head is like a bowling-ball weight that causes a domino-effect of strain on your entire backbone/spine. The good thing, if there is a good thing about RSI symptoms, is that you may start to realize that you may not be able to be a programmer for as long as you wanted and you start to diversify and you will not take your programming job for granted. And you become a much more efficient programmer.. If we continue the multi-task metaphor, i think it's the context-switching that hurts the effectiveness of multi-tasking in work. If the interruption is over instant messenger, it's not as bad. Sometimes I have to put on headphones with loud music to cut out the white-noise office chatter. 1. Coding for project 2. Interruption from business analyst on project/another project 3. Write this-is-where-I-am-with-the-code to "mental" disk 4. Answer business analyst 5. Resume coding 6. "Mental" disk: File Not Found (see 3) +1 for Starchild reference. I saw 2001 again recently. Amazing work. I still don't claim to understand it. But it makes you think. Survey: Will Google become self-aware first or will it be able to let you find the missing socks you lost in the laundry? "Let them eat CDO's" I went to a public school that was on par with some private schools. It was funded by real-estate taxes (wealthy area). I had a long discussion about whether wealthy parents make the difference in making their children's education a priority - and we concluded that it is the parent's involvement in their children's education that is important (over money) I give her credit for taking initiative - timing/she was lucky, yes, but smart enough to build a her own "brand", whateverlife.com (I think we can learn from her that you don't have to be perfect/have a business plan to get going - just get it going) I remember super long escalators with signs posted coming out of some of the catacombs of the Tube in London. A quick flickr search (for stand right/[walk left]) shows a lone woman on the ascending escalator walking.. http://tinyurl.com/2f4nta eHarmony's ability to market itself/word-of-mouth is impressive. My relatives/parents are like broken record players 'You know, Roy met his wife through eHarmony...' My friend Mike met his wife through eH as well - I remember him complaining about how long it took to answer the questionnaire set. I work in a cube every day and strategize/dream of getting out of my cube, sometimes hourly My first formal programming class was a summer school (grade-school) experience using HyperCard so I have a sentimental spot for Hypercard Stacks. I remember being wow'd by the demos on the Mac SE. "If all you get from your job is an oversized paycheck..." "In addition, their habitats in corporate America, known as "offices," are disappearing as walls are torn down in the name of improving communication." After a 1+ year complete-gut-and-teardown renovation, we will be shortly moving into our newly renovated offices which has one scrum room per team. No offices, no cubicles (well there are college library type privacy booths but..) I don't know how I'll adjust. Noise-Cancellation Headphones? It's easy to cheer on Google, as Google as they systematically takes on established vertical markets (to sell advertising) and do fairly well in some of them. Why not root for the underdog, Yahoo + MSFT? Reading the day-to-day story of The Point is entrancing to me, an ambitious yet too passive person. Entrancing in a way similar to that of watching awesome Salsa dancers in a Latin club about a year ago. Entrancing enough to get me to start taking lessons and eventually step out onto the public dance floor. Maybe The Point's story will entrance more of us to get out there and start our start-ups. Thank you for recognizing some of us who really want to know what lies ahead and beneath the romanticism of a real start-up. I'm not sure what this has to do about the article but this is a comment that just stood up and yelled to get my attention. From the millionaires I've met, I seem to find that they tell a story that relates to the point they are making. And they're not afraid to admit their weaknesses. And they talk about ideas. Bob Metcalfe: http://tinyurl.com/3yqsb6 "1. Selling Matters I have a six-story townhouse in Boston overlooking MIT on the Charles River. I often invite young engineers and would-be entrepreneurs over to schmooze. Many of them tell me my townhouse is beautiful and they hope to invent something like Ethernet that will get them such a house. The picture they have in their heads is of me lounging around on the beanbag chairs in a conference room at Xerox PARC in 1973. They see me having this idea for a computer network and submitting it as an invention proposal to Xerox. Then they envision me putting my feet up and letting the royalties roll in until I have enough to come up with the down payment on the townhouse with the river view. My picture-the actual picture-is different. It's the picture of innovation rather than invention, the weed instead of the flower. In my picture it's the dead of winter and I am in the dark in a Ramada Inn in Schenectady, New York. A telephone is ringing with my wake-up call at 6 a.m., which is 3 a.m. in California, where I flew in from last night. I don't know yet where I am, or where that damn ringing is coming from, but within the hour I'll be in front of hostile strangers selling them on me, my company, and its strange products, which they have no idea they need. If I persist, selling like this for 10 years, and I do it better and better each time, and I build a team to do everything else better and better each time, then I get the townhouse. Not because of any flowery flash of genius in some academic hothouse. Most engineers don't understand that selling matters. They think that on the food chain of life, salespeople are below green slime. They don't understand that nothing happens until something gets sold. The way I think about it is that there are three sets of people in the world. There is the set of people who will buy your products no matter what (think of your mother). There's the set who will never buy your products (think of your competitors). Both are much smaller than the set of people who will buy your products if the products are competently sold to them. That vast middle set is why sales is so important, and it represents one of the key differences between invention, which comes up with a brilliant new idea, and innovation, which gets that inspiration out into the world. Sales may not matter in invention, but it matters-in a very big way-in innovation." Microsoft, Intel, etc. fear that the next hundred million computers sold won't run Windows and won't be Pentium 4 SUV-gas guzzlers but economical, efficient vehicles that transport adults and children alike on the information superhighway (did I really just say information superhighway?) This is the most informative forum on Software Development with the EEE: http://forum.eeeuser.com/viewforum.php?id=19 The threads on LAMP indicate the drawbacks (usually UI-oriented) and point to the little quirks needed to install LAMP. The appeal of a laptop the size of a hardback book (but thinner) is sexy, since I carry a small bag that can hold a not-to-thick hardback book. Many years ago, I used a Sharp Actius ultralight A100 with a 89% of actual size keyboard (17mm). The Asus EEE is 79% of actual size (15mm). I can remember coding on it was basically pound out code now, pay later (it would hurt). For some reason, this reminds me of way-back when Pointcast was all the rage. Pointcast had a lot of potential (but the API was flawed). Twitter has demonstrated its potential. XMPP servers might not only make a better Twitter but help bring it to the mainstream (twitter - "Mom, pick me up at school") To think that Grand Central was under pressure to be demolished, until Jackie Kennedy lead a movement to save it... OK, I've read Twitter has heart-stopping SMS usage bills (they use 3rd party gateways). XMPP client for OpenSocial/Android/iPhone anyone? We need to break the strangehold of SMS/Phone company gateways. As much as I like elegant languages, sometimes (when crunch is on at work), I feel like I'm paid to copy-and-paste code (80%) and do the 20% (or more) modification that differentiates me from a trained monkey... Finally a Adobe Flex AIR Application that makes sense! - let normal people create their own personal/personalized widgets. +100 for the execution It's all opt-in :) Get over it. There are more than 11 reasons. Privacy is relative, especially in a world where your identity can be associated with a fixed static IP (common for broadband or MAC address - wireless). Only when egregious errors are made e.g. Facebook Beacon broadcasting on the newsfeed what someone bought for Christmas presents is it really visible. Deleting cookies (see what happens when you clear the cookie cache in YC, you're still logged in) does something for your privacy but not really. TripIt could be a nice orbitz acquistion I've found that we don't know how much we don't know until we try teaching it to someone. Congratulations for choosing to tutor math. Long live SOHCAHTOA. Transport-level mcast requires special routers.. Ah! No wonder I couldn't get the MBone videoconferencing stuff to work with Trumpet Winsock, years ago Brown University He was up 500 million Euros in late 2007 and never thought of going legit? That is serious delusional reality. I think he's as much as a hacker as a script kiddie Ingenious. Made my (early) morning. Reminds me of this proof: "The less you know, the more you make" http://tinyurl.com/yu2swe I know some pharmaceutical reps - they say without irony - that they push (in the drug dealer sense) whatever drug their company wants them to. America is the one of the only countries that allows pharmaceutical companies to advertise directly to consumers. http://tinyurl.com/27y5df No particular reasons...one of my siblings went there. I was never smart enough to even think of applying to this Ivy... The CS program has a reputation Brown attracts a very, diverse interesting intellectual student body (and liberal) Randy Pausch, who delivered a brilliant lecture about living life, ( http://tinyurl.com/38zo2k ) met his mentor there. Most schools are liberal only in the term 'Liberal Arts' for the course catalog. Brown is so liberal they even protest against the computer system not allowing them register for classes whenever they want. See: http://www.brownalumnimagazine.com/july/august_2007/a_course... Thayer Street (the main campus drag) is a wonder. I was trying to learn Salsa dancing by watching videos on the train. That really didn't work and in fact was counter-productive. Weekly lessons here and there helped but I really didn't start climbing up the pretty-steep Salsa learning curve until I started messing up on the dance floor dancing with random women. You can't simulate experience and the hardest thing was getting started (and continuing). I think you learn by taking on new experiences (if you do the same thing at work every day, you're bored and not learning). Programming is similar. We make mistakes and brute-force our way through. We start to recognize patterns. That's experience. It's a lot easier however (even though it's all in the head) to do fail in something if it's only you and the compiler/runtime (who cares if it doesn't work right away, you know it will) - when other people are involved, it's a lot harder (fear of what people think) Is it really 8 years of experience? If you spent the last 6 years doing the same thing basically, it's really just 2 years with lots of sets/reps.. Years of experience are overrated and I think HR folks are just trying to control IT/tech departments by imposing their standard lingo/Y.O.E. requirements In my first programming job, the team was busy with an fix-the-alpha/get-the-beta-out crunch so they assigned me and the other new member a game project to code. I did networked Othello, using Java Swing over Java RMI. The code design was poor since I didn't know better but it kept us busy and we got to present it to the rest of the team (it was a nice diversion from their crunch-time). The code review was strict but good natured (as they knew we didn't know better). But we learned. Photoset for antiquity's sake? Optimistically, we'll probably be in the Matrix/on the Holo-deck by then... "[0] Here is the graph of popularity ~ http://www.tiobe.com/tiobe_index/Python.html At what stage did google decided to adopt python?" I remember using Google back in 1997 or 1998 when it was hosted off of stanford.edu and receiving occasional Python error messages that said nicely that an error occurred and it had been logged.. Schools are an interesting ecosystem. As anyone who has walked from building A to building B to building C to building A to work out some issue can attest, inefficiency and resistance to change may be part of their DNA. YC sounds like a fantastic opportunity. I would pour-your-heart into the application and if you do get the offer - write a hand-written letter ( no email ) and FedEx it to your internship contact. In the letter, tell your internship liason exactly what you told us - explain your feelings for why you regret turning them down (tell them how you feel, don't use logic). people buy on emotion and rationalize with logic (even the most logical people). Carpe diem!... We had to read portions of Kuhn's book in college. Dense reading. Ever hear the phrase "paradigm shift"? He's responsible for launching that into our mindspheres. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradigm_shift I remember from my Thermodynamics class that modern gasoline engines are only about 37% theoretically efficient (most of the energy is lost as heat). Even if his invention doesn't violate scientific paradigms and is merely a more efficient induction motor, it might build a market. Your title really caught me. Google does own part of us. I have a degree in Civil Engineering. Since I was bored/nearly falling asleep in some of my structural engineering classes, I knew it probably wasn't the field. (I've always loved coding/playing with computers). An engineering degree really emphasizes problem solving. We had homework sets where you'd be lucky to solve all of them. Spending hours on a single problem. But you learn a lot. I see software development mainly as creative problem-solving. Getting my first job was a combination of luck and persistence. Thanks. I like your suggestions to read and eventually hopefully grok it. I think it's interesting how nervous/unconfident I am to actually start learning Ruby and Ruby on Rails (Pragmatic Programmer advice to learn a new language every year aside). And about doing something daily - it's a nice benefit that a job lets us get paid while maintaining/expanding our knowledge of the programming language we primarily use for that job. I'll build my first to-do list (after this weekend - prepping for my first party on Saturday - was too scared to do it alone, so asked a friend to co-host, overinvited, she overinvited, 41 people have RSVP'd yes?!) It's all about getting started and doing something daily so you don't regress. There is no such thing as failure only feedback, I've heard. It's true. Thank you. It all adds up. The habit I'll have to break - stop falling half-asleep on the train. To actually make use of the time the long commute affords. What goes with Heroku? Red or white.. Cloud or localhost. Interesting. This might make Ruby more palatable Edit: Heroku already responded! The Ruby environment looks great. Time to watch some screencasts. Kind of like cooking watching a Cooking show. This means I can bring my ancient supermodel-skinny Sharp laptop (P-233MMX) to a coffee shop and hack Ruby code! If you are in a funk, go to somewhere with a lot of people and say hi with a smile to first twenty people you cross paths with. The first 15 probably won't respond but once you cross a magic line and people start smiling back you'll feel more connected I'm excited to beta test. Who needs a MacBook Air to create your own interesting RoR project? This will let me hack Ruby on an ancient laptop. For bonus points, eventually, perhaps they could offer for-fee code reviews... Already got a response. I'm in! Though I don't know what to do as I don't know any Ruby. Time to learn... "Hello, Heroku!" here I come! No confirmation. But less than a half-hour later got the invitation email... Can we assume you won't go for the hat-trick as you probably already have the skills to pay the bills. My high school friend went there and always talked about how many bars per square mile there were in Madison. A ridiculous number. Not that that matters but... I've been armchair-surfing the Portland tech scene. This blog about the PDX tech scene is interesting.. http://siliconflorist.com/ "Calagator, the community project designed to give Portland one tech calendar to rule them all, has quickly begun to show signs of progress. In fact, events have begun populating the calendar already." http://calagator.org/ I didn't know Oregon (Corvallis) had such a vibrant technology culture/market. Do you still practice your art for fun and non-profit? I think exercising creativity is important for personal satisfaction. Chicago has the best waterfront in my option and the best summers. The restaurant and art scene are top-notch. The winters though... In Silicon Valley, the 2nd graders are talking about tech companies before they talk about U.S. History (my cousins) If you aren't in Silicon Valley or a similar tech hub, you won't be able to network as effectively (face-to-face with people you know and people you don't know). I think sites like hotornot.com would not have been successful had they been launched without the founder's network (and location which is almost the same thing) - critical mass builds quickly with the right network. Web - YouTube for all its hype made it ridiculously easy to convert video formats into Flash Video. No one I recall had done that before. Ask anyone if they thought they'd see videos embedded in web pages by the normal user.. Client - IntelliJ (yes, it's an IDE that I use but they hired smart, some near-wizard-level Czech/Russian programmers and did the marketing from the states - to impressive success on both ends) Client - Portal - ok it's a cool game but shows that ground-breaking ideas can come from students [Digipen] ( http://ps3.ign.com/articles/721/721542p1.html ) Related - a visual trick but amusing nonethless: http://www.metacafe.com/watch/360289/david_blaines_self_tyin... I agree. Some of the most technologically impressive startups are doing stuff with actual hardware (note hardware is a broad term to encompass everything from cells to robots) "2007 Young Innovators Under 35 Since 1999, the editors of Technology Review have honored the young innovators whose inventions and research we find most exciting; today that collection is the TR35, a list of technologists and scientists, all under the age of 35. Their work--spanning medicine, computing, communications, electronics, nanotechnology, and more--is changing our world." http://www.technologyreview.com/TR35/index.aspx P.S. I vote for the Roomba - bringing robotics to consumers in a safe, friendly non-Robocop kind of manner A wiser adult once convinced me that the entire theory of capitalism is based on overpaying you when you're young and underpaying you for the next 40 years... When it comes to programming, I believe some of the most capable programmers outsource the programming to the junior programmers who are still all about the latest technology/acronym and haven't grokked the underlying fundamental patterns/architectures/commonalities/integration. By the time programmers gain enough experience to see that it's all the same, they might be starting to look at starting their true legacy, a family (not code that lives on) I'm glad to hear that you are able to contribute both your programming and artistic (and probably leadership) skills. My brother-in-law is a photographer and he's started to sell some of his photographs at small art fairs. I've always wanted to be able to sit in a busy city park and either do caricatures or play classical guitar and draw a crowd to a stop and make a moment of their day more beautiful.. But it takes practice and practice. Not a priority, just a pipe-dream right now. I'm starting to get involved with a non-profit - PHP stuff - I think it's better than stuffing envelopes (e.g. provide value with your skills) Classic Dilbert cartoon about dual monitors. It rings true... Disclosure: I'm very happy with my secondary Dell 20" LCD - put my term windows and mail/IM windows there. The cartoon is not available on the main dilbert site anymore... Hopefully this link works. http://i151.photobucket.com/albums/s133/fottizio/Varie/dilbe... I remember seeing Paul Buchheit's (Gmail creator) setup for pair programming. It is extra-ordinary. Two laptops, one 1080p 42"+ HDTV http://paulbuchheit.blogspot.com/2007/06/quick-big-screen-de... http://tinyurl.com/2s9jz6 It's good for people to have a job, even if they are not the best one for that job. It helps keep the framework of society together. Ideally, people could exercise their true talent and get paid but it's not always easy to get paid for what you like to do. Like Jim Rohn says - if all you get from your job is a paycheck, you are underpaid. It's a series of checks and balances - no perfect job is out there - it's up to you to make the best of it. Bitnet Congratulations!! I'm an armchair film aficionado. I went to a pitch competition featuring pre-vetted aspiring film makers last year and it was fascinating enough to make me start wondering about the whole process and if I really could write a potential screenplay. Whoa. Jaw drops I cringe everytime I see someone use Windows on their home PC with an account with Administrator rights Marc deserves credit for proposing IMG. http://1997.webhistory.org/www.lists/www-talk.1993q1/0182.ht... "I'd like to propose a new, optional HTML tag: IMG Required argument is SRC="url". This names a bitmap or pixmap file for the browser to attempt to pull over the network and interpret as an image, to be embedded in the text at the point of the tag's occurrence."