This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before. Tcl and Python also have (multiple) bolted on OO systems that can be altered at will. It should be grounds for classification as a vexatious litigant since it clearly indicates that they're not serious about following through with a lawsuit and are just running a shakedown operation. They are moving in that direction because they are going to be swamped by cheaper Chinese clones. Some will inevitably have competitive or better image quality, features, battery life, etc. and GoPro must pivot to leverage of their first mover advantage in action cams. "I recommend using servers you've hacked or a VPS paid with bitcoin to hack from." Not a good idea considering Bitcoin isn't anonymous and a sufficiently motivated state can back track to an electronic purchase of bitcoin tied to your identity. He needs to randomize the 1P/2P assignment because Aquarius seems to prefer being on the right side of the tank and gets an unfair advantage as 1P. This is not really a Gamma correction issue (although gamma shouldn't be ignored for other reasons). It is the result of attenutation of high frequency information close to the Nyquist rate (1 pixel wide details) when downsampling. The applied gamma is adding emphasis to these high frequency details so that they survive the anti-aliasing filter and downsampling process. Maybe Watson's inference engine could be reworked into an automated PR generator and put them out of a job. It is still weird. * * is the other established convention used for exponentiation in languages like Python, Ada, m4, and others. If you're the IT admin you need to be sacked if you overreact without reading the full e-mail with this line: The "w0000000t" file is apparently part of a mass compromise of Microsoft FTP servers, which was found but not explained by a French security company named QuarkLabs in this slide Nothing in the message implied that the professor was responsible for anything other than trying to be helpful. Just be glad it wasn't "boffin speak" as the contemptuous British press are so fond of. There was a time when Apple only sold through franchisees and were unable to sell direct. And run like every other industrial egg farm in the US. The license only applies to derivatives of the markdown.pl code. The spec describes a "reverse engineered" implementation that is partially interoperable with the original but isn't actually derived from it. Reverse engineering for the purpose of interoperability is a legal activity in the US. Why would you need a third party to handle that? Just analyze your logs and spam the inactive users for free. The existing LTE version is now strangely listed as the "Gen 1" on the Motorola site. I am not a competitive cyclist but remove the hair on my legs with a depilator in the Spring because my leg pelt retains too much heat in the Summer. There is a noticeable improvement in cooling after it is done. While not the most pleasant process, it avoids stubble and the delayed regrowth means the new hair is sufficiently long to begin providing warmth just in time for when cooler Fall temps arrive. I always considered that to be the real reason why the pros do it with road rash being of secondary concern. Those with shorter leg hair just went along and copied their hairier peers. I replaced mine with a $20 Chinese knockoff when their crappy speed controller burned out. Good riddance. Don't know why they can't figure out how to design brushes that don't jam in the housing either. The GP isn't wrong. Consider all of the mutually unintelligible Chinese dialects that use the exact same script. Corporations, yes. Companies, no. Nobody founds a corporation. Pandoc is a powerful tool but it has some serious limitations. Nothing more sophisticated than it's own flavor of Markdown is supported. "Simple" things like internal references to anything other than headings are impossible. I had to abandon it after realizing how restricted its ReST parser is compared to the official Docutils. Outsourced. Kodak ditched its internal electronics development years ago. It is now just a brand slapped on whitebox designs from Chinese developers like Westinghouse or RCA or a host of other recycled domestic brands. -- Former Kodak employee Google doesn't have ads on the news subdomain. They only make money indirectly by driving traffic to publishers who are Doubleclick customers and adding new behavioral data to the profiles of logged in users. I'd be happy if they'd just let you turn off syntax highlighting for code blocks in the wiki. The default sh highlighter looks like crap if you display code in any unsupported language like assembly or Tcl. tags can be used but then you lose the gray background. That something so simple isn't implemented is the biggest sign of how abandoned Google Code has become. The simple solution to this is to request a password reset from that service and disable their account. Just beware that pretty much every sub $500 bike uses plastic bearing races in the bottom bracket. They will fail after a few thousand miles. All that changed are the default settings. It's unfortunate that Intel didn't document the change but the fix is to add a new step to the drive replacement procedure to reconfigure the firmware. This is a scriptable action. Not that big a deal. The federal government doesn't want its sources and methods exposed. They have allowed moles supplying info to the Soviets to go unprosecuted because nabbing them would have tipped off the Russians that their communication channels weren't secure. It is quite likely that there are passive devices that monitor cell phone channels without tricking them into connecting to a phony base station. These technically wouldn't be "stingrays". That is basically what the SIGINT satellites do. It could certainly be miniaturized for local area monitoring. In any case, the cell providers have basic details of what phones communicate with their towers. It doesn't seem like that avenue wasn't used in this case though. Sometimes you want to do things high level languages don't support. For instance C doesn't let you retrieve the 64-bit result from a 32x32-bit multiply. You have to cast the operands to 64-bit first to get the result even though the hardware provides the answer you want without any extra steps. If this is performance critical code it may require dropping down to assembly. ... damn lies and statistics... and bad journalism. The numbers apparently conflate Asian-Americans with Asian foreign students. A breakdown of the two groups would be more useful to work from given the huge numbers of wealthy Chinese fighting tooth and nail to send their kids to the most prestigious American schools. The numbers are also skewed by simple geography. The West coast has more Asian-Americans and would be more desirable for foreign students in terms of quicker and cheaper travel between home and school. California schools can't be equitably compared to the East coast. In the C grammar, braces denote compound statements. Control flow statements can take any type of statement as their body rather than just the compound variety. There was an engineering issue with wind loading on the clad version of the spire so they left it off. It seems like most of his problems would be alleviated by working on a non-volatile version of the code in a private branch. The kids these days tend to favor a VCS that has this feature. Manning couldn't have happened if they followed their own policies for locking down PCs and restricting access to writable media. Just as many as all of the 8-bit systems in use today. There is no need, in the vast majority of cases, for wide data busses in embedded applications. 16-bit is going to die out, though, like the 4-bit and bitslice processors. The DECT phone standard had to be marketed as "6.0" for the US market because non-technical people were trained to believe that 5.8GHz was better than 2.4GHz and a phone that ran at 1.9GHz would never sell in the US. This is the same thought process driving the audiophools' desire for bigger numbers regardless of reason. It doesn't help that the fundamentals of sampling theory aren't particularly intuitive. I've got a blatant http://.. . hyperlink on the top of my resume. Almost nobody clicks on it. I went to an interview where they requested code samples which they could have already reviewed beforehand if they had just followed that link. The problem is that tons of resumes are getting rejected by ATS' due to low keyword match scores without ever passing across human eyes. Bad Piggies is fun and has better replay value as you unlock more abilities to get to previously unreachable areas. What's more surprising is that no execs from Japan have crossed over to SPE. There was a resource file included with Korean language strings. That either got there because the developers were Korean or as a false flag since malware doesn't otherwise need multilingual support. How about the H-1B employer petition form includes a check box: "Upon penalty of perjury, and imprisonment of no less than 5 years, I certify that this petition is for a highly skilled worker" There is nothing wrong with presenting science in a format with populist appeal. It helps raise the general level of knowledge in society, counteracting the types that want to believe people walked with dinosaurs 10000 years ago. The problem is lying to young people that they have any real opportunity to work in fields with such limited employment prospects. The NEC doesn't do any regulating nor do they have any authority. They write standards that states may or may not adopt and use for their own enforcement. That's why Romex is illegal in Illinois and New York has it's own code. I got tired of updating my resume in Word then Manually generating PDF and massaging a plain text export into something decent. Now I write one document in ReST that is converted to Docbook (with XSLT) then run the Docbook through XSLT to get the meat of a DocX, XSLT to get an XSL-FO derived PDF, and XSLT to get an HTML derived plain text. Obtuse but powerful. Any practical Mars mission is going to require a staging area in LEO or a Lagrange point to assemble a larger interplanetary craft. Dragon will be up to that task. ReST syntax is more sophisticated than even the Pandoc flavor of MD. The ReST parser in Pandoc is very limited and its Docbook output is very restricted as well. It's a nice tool but not there yet for complex documents. It seems like the graphic shading could be replicated with SVG filter effects inserted as a post-processing stage applied to images output from Dia or Visio. I use the determinism with test cases generating random input data. Every run of a test case generates a random seed based off the system time and reports the seed used. When a failure happens, the seed is fixed using an environment variable. Then the failed case can be reproduced until the bug is tracked down. This isn't an unusual practice. The determinism in standard PRNG functions is an important feature not a weakness. Theo is being foolish. If he's unhappy with the way the *rand functions are being used he should just change the code calling into the library to use random seeds derived from a suitable entropy source, not change the library itself. Google should remove all deep links from the search database. Teach them a hard lesson. Inkscape imports Illustrator files which nowadays are just a modified PDF. The attribute mechanism is something a lot of languages would benefit from. Need to know the maximum value of an integer? Just ask the integer type to tell you. No going to a library to look up inscrutable constants. Ada attribute provide a lot more meta information about types and objects than just integer limits. http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Ada_Programming/Attributes Some of these would be methods in modern OO languages but many are unique to Ada. The technology already exists in X11. The problem is getting devices to act as display servers. Sad that he blew £1000 on an "editor" incapable of tidying up the hyphenation mess. > Kramer promises you’ll be able to “focus on work, not your inbox,” as his team works to satisfy two mandates: >1. Deliver a place in which we love working 10+ hours each day. Sounds like IBM is habitually understaffing its workers by 20%. The data is collected from people who think nothing of having intrusive, cycle sucking, third-party toolbars running in their browsers. Probably explains the continued presence of AOL too. Tiling managers become more compelling on large high resolution displays where running everything maximized is inconvenient and you want to ease the burden of shuffling windows around. I'd be happy if the setuptools bdist installer could create a single file that works in 32 and 64-bit Windows and would take care of running 2to3 during the install. The situation now is too painful for me to bother making Windows installers any more. PyPI download numbers are bogus. More than 90% are from mirror bots, not actual users. MIT runs Lincoln Lab which is a think tank / R&D facility for the military. You have to pass through an armed checkpoint to get to the the complex located on an AF base. I would consider that node compromised already. > For these cases, typing rules and annotations will be a boon. You can use PEP3107 annotations today and automatically validate them using a decorator to eliminate boilerplate code like that. They don't have to be something to look forward to tomorrow. It isn't a problem if all you need is a deterministic sequence of numbers that are pseudo-random like what rand() provides. Not every use of a PRNG involves cryptographic security or potentially dangerous exposures of internal state. If you're generating random test case input on a single machine, time() is a perfectly reasonable way to seed a PRNG. A super-robust entropy source isn't a necessity when you just want something nominally random between intermittent runs. Yes. This is very annoying. Apparently this is fixed in 5.0.1 according to the few Gen2 Moto G users who got the Lollipop update. Hopefully it will deployed to everyone else sometime this month. It would seem that the problem is due to overly aggressive memory management that was never properly adjusted for 1GiB RAM. One would hope that the popularity of the G and other small memory Android devices would help push for more efficient memory usage rather than requiring 2GiB+ for a decent experience. For starters, it would be nice if more of the core system was implemented in native code (ART doesn't count). It does strike me as odd that some Ada-isms are present like 'low and 'high, applicable to types and objects, but the ever useful 'range didn't get included. It is a testament to Nim's flexibility that it can be added, effectively as a one-liner. This really should be in the standard library. Not to mention detailed articles on Pokemon products, something with decidedly less cultural impact than Star Wars. Case-insensitivity is not that much of an issue in static languages. It eliminates the burden of having to remember the Studly-Camel-Lumpy-style-du-jour. Accidental name clashes will be caught at compile time. Nim's hybrid approach is more adventurous but I can only see it being a problem with reusing symbols from other case-sensitive languages. Sounds like somebody has a lot of free time. UTF-16 covers the full Unicode space just like UTF-8. You're thinking of UCS-2 (limited to plane 0) as implemented by Windows. Biology is based on complex interactions among proteins and genetic material. There is no way to construct generalities about such systems that bypass careful observation of their inner workings. Just look at how long it took to discover DNA after the discovery of heritable traits. You can't hand wave your way around knowing how these molecules are assembled and transcribed. Mathematics is an invented tool that can be arbitrarily defined to suit a problem space. There will never be a Grothendieck of biology because the mechanisms of life aren't so neat and ordered that they can reduced to first principles. '_' is already idiomatic for throwaway variables. It wouldn't help matters to use it for OOP. Sounds a lot like the utopia of THX1138. You can have this today by inserting an explicit decorator that validates annotated arguments. You can even skip the decorators by dynamically wrapping callables with the validator. I have some low activity Google code sites with analytics enabled. 50% of the referrals now come from a Russian SEO site starting a few months ago. They're generating unique bogus subdomains such as forum.topic52148208.darodar DOT com for each tracker ID they target. Can't Google just blacklist these sites and make them disappear? The technique from the dheera.com article won't work well in this case because the filter is applied non-uniformly as a targeted spot. It becomes much more difficult to generate pixelated patterns to compare against. The Gaussian blur does however enable the simpler use of deconvolution to reveal the obscured digits. In the plus side, it demonstrates how serious the state perceives the threat of "weaponized" javascript and can be a legitimate defense if someone is ever pursued for using noscript-alikes. IBM made other dependable keyboards besides the model M. I have a stash of quiet KB-6323s to last the rest of my years. What's most amazing is how smug and unapologetic the involved LEOs are when they've been interviewed on camera about this incident. One can only hope that the video is accepted as evidence in the civil case and will add a significant multiplier to the damages awarded. It's good for side by side docs/code as a space saving alternative for a multi-monitor setup. > when an 18 wheeler blows out a tire, you need some skills to bring the truck to a successful stop, but even more skills and equipment to effect the repair. An automated truck won't need a conventional cab. It could essentially be a powered sled that rigidly attaches to a trailer with much less forward projection. This would be easier to control in emergency stops. I have a tool that does this. I produced machine generated translations of German and French as an expedient. The German messages were corrected by a native speaker and I cleaned up the French as best I could. When French is in use an extra message is printed appealing for someone to edit the weak translations. I dealt with word order issues by avoiding formatted strings with more than one replacement field. Only one string needs to deal with singular vs plural quantities. Lack of context was a definite problem with the machine translations. It would inconsistently choose translated words that should have been the same because the short string snippets could not be evaluated for their meaning within the narrow domain of the program using them. At least it can be overridden with environment variables. Could this have been influenced by the Japanese colonists in the São Paulo region? The unfortunate thing is that the police won't even bother to ticket drivers who fail to yield to pedestrians in a crosswalk. Most US drivers have no concept of how right-of-way works and their obligations to yield. I've taken to using an airhorn for busy crossings and have been chewed out by cops for expecting my traffic rights to be observed. It would seem that the hyperloop is just an invented charade developed for use as a carrot to manipulate states into dropping their laws against direct sales from car manufacturers. That would explain why Texas is being courted now. They lost out on the gigafactory and may be more willing to capitulate to get a piece of other Musk projects. Won't change a thing. All it will take is the good old standby of "disorderly conduct" to determine that a crime has been committed as justification for a seizure. Look at a cop the wrong way and your cash is as good as gone. In a real production environment that command line would be put into a script parametrized with named variables and the embedded awk scripts would be changed to here-docs. > Both are very famous examples of how depression can be creative. That probably had more to do with their substance abuse. > She also seems not to understand the difference between "No Stopping" and "No Parking", which is pretty clear to me. There are three classifications of restrictions that are commonly applied to limit roadside stops: No stopping - Most restrictive; can't do anything No standing - Brief stops are permitted No parking - Standing in an occupied vehicle is permitted Everyone would know this if licensing requirements in the US weren't a joke.