So says a person posting to news.ycombinator.com! Go back to Usenet. I'm not a ruby programmer and it's not immediately obvious what the result would be. I know a pretty large number of languages to the point where, unless it's LISP, I can look at code in any language and have some idea of what it does. When a languages gets "so cool" that it's cryptic than I no longer see the benefit. Only 0.001% of startups (and I'm being generous) need the sort of power being discussed here. The reason "a scalable database" doesn't exist is because there isn't a big enough market for one. I have no doubt we'll hear more about this in coming months, not because of any specific need, but because it's the latest fad. Your list of features has nothing to do with getting things done. They are almost completely academic. MySQL. Easy to setup replication and good tool support. For the last 8 years, I've been developing LAMP projects on Windows and deploying on Linux. I don't have any trouble with PHP extensions nor do I have to change any code to deploy on Linux. PHP. So in a year down the road, you won't have to make the switch to it like everyone else has. "OK, the DA is saying that. Not Hans. Hans is not saying he will tell them where he hid the body. The DA is trying to get the public on board with the sentence and so holding bogus announcements that he is negotiating for a reduced sentence in return for body location. This is a publicity stunt by the DA to fool the public with spin." http://www.crazyontap.com/topic.php?TopicId=36938#465360 Google's strategy is the same as Microsoft's -- and it certainly hasn't served Microsoft well in this space. Tables render better on mobile browser than pure CSS layouts. Mobile browsers are very smart about tables and almost always do the right thing. CSS is just too complex to get a good result when you need to scale down to a small screen. If you use tables, you don't have to avoid CSS. They compliment each other. I agree that nested tables are ugly, but they're also completely necessary now because of CSS. Using tables to render your main multi-column layout wouldn't require any nesting. Also, tables are more likely to render in different browsers (including mobile browsers) than a complex CSS layout. Given the number of CSS hacks and extra HTML tags in exactly the right order that is necessary for most column layouts the end result is almost always less complex with a table. Forms are tabular data -- headers on side, data on the other. Screen readers should have long adapted to that scenario. Exceptions are not meant to be handled where they occur, that's why they unroll the stack. For the most part, you can't recover from an exception -- you just abort whatever you're doing, print an error message, and let the user try something else. Checked exceptions cause developers to re-interpret the exceptions or just swallow them -- neither is a benefit. I've never downvoted a story before but this one deserved it; but now I can no longer downvote! I am sad. How the hell does this get upvoted to the #2 spot on hacker news? This is both dumb and not news. Ranting on magic_quotes_gpc has been done to death already. Now for some code: if (get_magic_quotes_gpc()) { array_stripslashes($_GET); array_stripslashes($_POST); array_stripslashes($_REQUEST); array_stripslashes($_COOKIE); } function array_stripslashes(array &$array) { foreach ($array as $key => &$value) { if (is_string($value)) $value = stripslashes($value); elseif (is_array($value)) array_stripslashes($value); } } Only programmers who don't regularly use PHP seem to be bothered to point this out. Why don't PHP programmers care? Because PHP is a weakly typed language that operates in an environment where most of the data comes in as strings. More often than not, the double equals does exactly what you intend it to do. Programmers who use the triple equals in PHP for all comparisons have entirely missed the point. I love boolean constants for assignments, but I think you've got a good point with regards to comparisons. Rarely, in real PHP code, do you see comparisons involving boolean constants. Most of the time, you just do this: if ($var) { dothis(); } if (!$var) { dothis(); } The constants are definitely adding to the confusion. However, only in these contrived examples does one compare numbers and strings with boolean constants. The type conversion is logical, it just looks funny. While I was not 100% enthused about the idea of having every application go through Apple's gatekeepers, I did think the concept had merit. Enforcing a little quality control could be a good thing; especially with the large number of users who've never owned a smartphone before. But the quality of approved applications isn't any better than what's available on the average Pocket PC software site. They're just rubber-stamping applications. Some applications have horrible engrish descriptions. Approved applications disappear and reappear depending on the whim this week. Updates to applications take forever. Apple has dropped the ball on almost everything related to iPhone apps, from the app store to the f king NDA. "The point being: strings and booleans are an overlapped type space." That's the problem. Because they overlap for comparisons, you can't tell an empty string apart from boolean false. It would be safer if it wasn't that way. But the function returning false is perfectly valid. It's not any different from returning null or some other value because it is distinct from a string. In PHP, like your Perl example, you could easily write "if (is_bool($str)) {...}" if you wanted to. It's not really any different. The problem is that you don't get an error if you go ahead and treat that boolean as an empty string. If the gatekeepers aren't keeping apps out of the store, then they're not offering a useful service for users or developers. Instead, all they're doing is preventing users from getting at applications they might want and preventing developers from getting their applications (and updates) out. If they'd have a better approval process, they wouldn't have to yank applications at all. It's one thing to simply not allow an application that nobody has ever seen and it's entirely another to make them just disappear after they've been bought. Which do you think is better for PR? "can you imagine the firestorm if Apple were to reject apps on the basis of the quality of their ad copy?" Firestorm? From who? Apple is vetting the applications, so I expect a higher quality experience. The ad copy might be written by the developer but it's part of the store. You don't expect bad ad copy on Amazon or Dell and you shouldn't expect it on Apple's store either. I'm expecting Apple to reject applications based on their quality. If users and developers have to jump through hoops, there should be a real tangible benefit. "We know they could do that if they wanted to, because they did so all last year..." How is Apple not allowing any 3rd party applications like how Sony runs the Playstation? "they were met by an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. So now Apple is trying something else." ...And they're still met with an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. What we have now is the worst the both worlds: a closed platform without any closed platform benefits. I'd be just as happy if they opened the whole thing up. Or providing a tighter app store while opening the whole thing up. And yes, they have enormous backlog but it's never going to go away because every update of every application also needs to go through the process. Every app that has been approved today will have to be approved again and again and again. Think back to how much of your western education was spent on completely pointless exercises... MySQL does have built-in measures to prevent this kind of disaster! They should have enabled binary logging and use that to make low impact backups. They also could have used replication (also built in) to avoid all these problems and have a hot backup. The only reason they retained the 'Gold Support Service' is because their own database administrators obviously had no idea what they were doing or how to use the software correctly. There are always companies that will make use of commercial support for FOSS but MySQL will probably never make any money from me. In its first full quarter of sales, the iPhone exceeded the marketshare of Microsoft's entire lineup of Windows Mobile smartphones in North America. That's HUGE. Despite Microsoft's massive head start, years of smartphones sold, they were overtaken in a single quarter. You could easily call that "total failure" without it being a huge hyperbole. The fact is, if you look at it in this abstract way then your feelings are valid. But during concrete web development, the functionality of PHP's comparison operators make a lot of sense and make the code simpler and easier to understand. On the web, all the data comes in as strings including numbers. So the comparisons work well the numbers in strings. The rest of the weirdness comes from PHP copying C and Perl semantics. It's completely open source. It wouldn't be hard to fork it and add in ad blocking. Google controls their own specific branded instance of Chrome but that's all. Hardly the stuff conspiracy theories are made of, though. Typical users aren't clever enough to be this stupid. XUL is worth it but not for XUL apps. The advantage of Firefox is in the huge body of add-ons. The vast majority of Firefox's add-ons are written in Javascript and XUL. They modify the UI. They add to the UI. They do an amazing level of customization and it's completely cross-platform! Chrome will never have the comprehensive add-on system that Firefox has specifically because it doesn't have something like XUL; instead it has those different native interfaces for each platform. Symbian is hell on developers. It is a platform, but it's not really used/marketed as a platform. But you can't ignore the ABCException, your app will crash. If you ignore the -1, then you're app will happily continue on doing something wrong. Encoding the name of the buyer in the MP3 is not DRM. It doesn't restrict your usage of the media in any way. If they do that, I fully support it. If course you could mirror all your resources locally and quickly switch over if Google were to go down. "writing your own high-level PHP inside PHP" If you're smart, like smarty, you'd compile your high-level PHP into PHP and then you're not doing a ton of pointless string operations. The best thing to do is convert all your PHP errors into exceptions: function errorToExceptionHandler($errNo, $errStr, $errFile, $errLine, $errContext) { if (error_reporting() == 0) return; throw new ErrorException($errStr, 0, $errNo, $errFile, $errLine); } set_error_handler('errorToExceptionHandler'); You get a complete stack trace and try/catch handling of errors. It will throw even for notices and warnings, but that's a good thing. Return-type errors force people using your code to also add error checking into their own applications at every call. It's an intrusive error handling method, and this is one of the reasons I don't use it. The clear advantages of exceptions over return-type error handling is: - Exceptions cannot be ignored, error codes are ignored by default . - Exceptions can (and do) contain significantly more information about the error. Stack traces are typical but since exceptions are objects they can contain any amount of extra information. Error codes are typically integers. Sometimes they're just negative integers. - Exceptions free-up the return of functions for useful results. You can call functions as parameters: readAll(OpenFile(GetFileName())). Pretty much any negative practice regarding exceptions apply equally to error codes. Batteries are probably safer enclosed in a unibody design than attached externally. This article includes the same false assumption of just about every other article on PHP: PHP is Easy I'm not sure how anyone can claim that a language which only exposes the underlying C API of all the included libraries could be considered easy . Does no one stop to think that the reason 99% of PHP code is bad is because the language is actually hard ? It's the C of scripting languages; it doesn't include a lot of fancy constructs or high-level abstractions. And, like C, that's what makes it powerful. I think confusion exists because PHP is extremely accessible . It's intimately connected with the web environment (more so, and less securely, in the past) making it quick to get started. But that has never made it easy. This article says "I think PHP is a great language for anyone to learn how to program with." So he clearly thinks PHP is easy rather than just merely accessible and I couldn't disagree with him more. PHP is a simple language, but that doesn't make it easy. PHP does give you enough rope to hang yourself, and unlike most other languages with a similar property (like C, C++, and Perl) PHP gets too much blame for that. I think Python is a far easier language. No $'s, much greater consistency, more available abstractions. You can pretty much handle most of the common complaints of PHP and build very large complex code bases, however, you have to put in the work. Other languages have that work already included. You can build projects that large and easy to maintain in PHP, but you won't find many examples of that in the community. You can organize your PHP5 code just like almost any project in Python, Java, or .NET. But you do have to write a lot of code that isn't necessary in those other languages because they already have it included (and it's the standard way to do it). I find most PHP code in the wild totally appalling. It's easy to blame the tool. I think I can explain the problem. I taught PHP for a semester at the college level to Web designers. I had 3 months (1 class a week) to get them from no programming experience at all to having a small web application (a contact list). Mostly they all managed to accomplish the task but obviously there's only time to cover the minimum functionality necessary. In that sense, PHP is easy. Now, here's the problem, absolutely nothing they learned is useful for building a reasonable-sized long-lasting web application. They didn't use any classes. They didn't use a template engine. They didn't use a database abstraction. They learned PHP but they didn't learn to use PHP to build real applications. So all that easiness of PHP is all wrong. If you want to do it right, it's not easy. "PHP is a kludge made of all sort of functions cluttering the only namespace there is" Yeah, how many namespaces does C have again? If you were to write a web application in C with all the same open source C libraries as are available for PHP, your only namespace in C would look almost identical. "While K&R clearly understood the value of separating language from library, PHP deliberately ignores this lesson" Ironically, this is exactly what made PHP successful. Everything is included in the box. It wouldn't have been half as successful without including every useful library they could find. "C has a lot of fancy constructs and high-level abstractions: you just have to point the right libraries to the compiler/linker." You're not going to get closures, classes, meta programming, etc, etc, from libraries in C. And guess what, PHP has libraries too! PHP is a crappy template engine. Inlining code into an HTML document requires a lot of discipline, a lot of code to write, and is error prone. Why not let software handle that task for you? You want to create more work for yourself? "No second templating engine can reduce complexting" Oh yeah, compare: with: {$firstName} Isn't that reduced complexity? And that's not even getting into other constructs. In my template language (based on smarty), a single {loop} tag expands to 10 lines of PHP code. Would you also claim that no programming language can ever reduce complexity over assembly language? Probably not. This is just the same thing. Compiling a higher level language into a lower level language. "PHP: " Bzzzt wrong. And this is why having a template engine might be a good thing. "PHP's loop: " It's at least to be correct and useful. And the template engine can inline the code (rather than call a loop() function) for better performance. All those correctly expanded PHP tags intermixed in the HTML makes the template harder to follow. You might want to type twice as much identical code for each output variable, but I don't want to do that. It is an advantage that it's cleaner and clearer. "You have full control on what your php.ini have." If you're writing, for example, an open source application or an application that is hosted by your customers (I have worked on both) you can't assume you have any control over the php.ini. The recommended php.ini file has short_open_tag disabled and having short_open_tag enabled makes it more difficult to use PHP to template XML files. It's not deprecated yet, but I wouldn't count on it sticking around forever. All my PHP software works irregardless of the php.ini settings and works across all platforms. If that's not a concern of yours, that's fine. We just have different requirements. " " You're making the assumption that my template constructs are just simple 1-to-1 mappings to PHP statements but that's not the case. My {loop} tag gives access the previous entry, whether or not the row is odd or even, whether or not it's the first and last entry, etc. It's a very powerful tag for the kind of common tasks that come up in a web application. But that's just one example, there's also tags for caching template blocks as well as tags for interactive controls. The level of complexity that's hidden behind a few simple tags is enormous -- which is entirely the point. I have lots of code which uses PHP itself for templates so I'm aware of the difference. I didn't start using templates, I started the other way and worked towards using templates because they make the job easier and quicker. "Here is an idea, better performace is gained by not loading the templating engine at all." For a compiling template engine, there's the initial cost of compiling the template when it's been changed but then there is very little additional cost. It generates a regular PHP file that's run just any other. Once the app has been running for a few minutes the template engine doesn't need to be loaded at all. "We can continue discussion without making attacks?" That wasn't an attack. I was making a point -- the template engine insulates you from all kinds of problems. If you forget to wrap some variable in your h() function, you might never even notice. However you've just opened yourself up to a cross-site scripting attack. And even if you never make mistakes ever, you might not be the only one working on it. It's a rather strange argument: Use the least popular language around to make the most money. He's probably right. When I was younger (and I'm not that old) I did a stint working in COBOL. And honestly, you couldn't pay me enough to do that day in and day out!! But those that can stand it and know how to do it are paid well and have reasonable job security. What about Canada, we officially use the metric system. Kids are taught metric, roads signs are in kilometers, temperature in Celsius, but almost no Canadian can tell your their own weight in kilograms or their height in meters! If the US ever went all the way metric, I think they'd still end up using all their legacy measurements for decades. Certainly the US letter paper size isn't going anywhere -- everything is designed for it. The chicken and the egg are both well established. As the owner of a semi-popular anonymous forum (with some moderation) I have no sympathy for these idiots. They are decent people caught being in a wild and crazy mob? How is that not contradictory. Flaming is ok, but calling for these women to be raped and so on is just disturbing and weird and anyone doing it is a bit far from a decent person in any context. "You might miss a lot of meaningful errors and get corrupted data, but at least the system keeps running, and that's the most you can hope for if your programmers are as crappy and lazy as the article describes." What? If I'm working with crappy programmers I don't want the system to keep going and corrupting data -- in the vast majority of cases, that's the worst possible result. Taking down the system with an nice error message and stack trace is a much much better. Crappy programmers, in the presence of checked exceptions, will handle exceptions with empty catch clauses (to prevent breaking anything) and there will be no way to find that error when it happens. Yeah, nothing is better than a whole lot of corrupt business data! It's so much better to have the system not crash than collect incorrect money amounts or send 10 million unpaid widgets out. When an exception occurs and the system goes down, you get a nice notification and a stack trace. From there you can actually go about fixing the problems created by those hordes of crappy Java programmers rather than just ignoring the problem and hope that nobody will notice. I'm looking for text, not video. I can't be bothered to watch something that I can read in a fraction of the time. I don't understand how youtube would be allowed but Hulu wouldn't. The real problem is that all the content is licensed regionally; Hulu has the rights to content in the US but not Canada. And we're probably just not worth the hassle. So much for the World Wide Web; I feel like it's getting more regional every day. From the talk: "Would you like to purchase one rocket launcher for $0.99?" Oh yeah, that sounds like fun. Clearly a great way to be nickle and dimed to death in every application and game. A lot of Firefox's bloat comes from the XUL interface. It's their cross-platform GUI which is written in XML and Javascript. It's what allows add-ons to reach in and modify some very deep elements of the browser. For example, I run the Tab Mix Plus extension which radically changes the operation of tabs. However, XUL and Javascript is a very heavy-weight way of doing things. Chrome and other browsers have a native UI. That is partially what makes Chrome a light-weight browser. It also means that the deep level of cross platform add-on's available for Firefox will not be possible for Chrome in it's current state. I've read the proposals for expanding Chrome extensions and it sounds like they want to go a similar route to XUL. It probably won't be as low-level because they'll want to keep their native UI code. That will help Chrome to provide some more complex plugins with their own UI but still won't allow for some of the more radical and interesting plugins available for Firefox. As as Canadian, I think there should be a market for this kind of thing. For Hulu, I wonder if using a proxy would be a major performance issue. Limiting content based on geography is terrible but you really can't get many people to care because American's get everything and they're the biggest market. I love using Google services: Search, Maps, Gmail, and so on but I've not seen any evidence that even have non-technical support staff. If you call, they can't direct you anywhere. It doesn't seem like a smart place to do business. It's a great list as long as your startup doesn't intend to ever make any money! No accountant, no business people, nothing of the sort? Speaking from experience, the business management side is very important if you want your venture to be successful (or take advantage of success when it comes). I can live with a lot of the crap. I understand the history and practicality of it. But the backslash for namespaces. That's just too much. There's no history for it. There's no good reason for it. It's just stupid and ugly. If someone forked PHP tomorrow and changed just that one thing for now I'd probably use the fork. The decision shows that PHP will not get better. Because the language already has :: copied from C++. But rather than continuing to use :: for both namespaces and static class access, exactly like it's done in C++, they added yet another operator. To solve a problem that doesn't exist. So rather than simplifying the language, they're making it more complicated (especially by choosing the escape character). It's just dumb. I'm not a Ruby programmer so I have a simple question: Is it common to request whether an object implements a particular method before you make any sort of call? That seems considerably more fussy than strong typing of interfaces or even the type-hinting of interfaces that PHP has. I can't help thinking a cleaner solution is the more traditional way: Create a subclass called NumberArray that can only hold numbers and has specific methods for operating on them. But I guess that might not be the "Ruby-way". I work as a consultant for a lot of medium sized businesses and none of them have any intention of moving away from XP anytime soon. However, that does not imply that they want to move to any other operating system. The main reason they don't want to move away from XP is the support and training costs. Moving to OS X or Linux would be even worse . All of these columnists miss the point -- OS X and Linux won't sell for exact same reason that Vista doesn't. The author seems to miss the point. This isn't like Apple emulating classic in OS X (or even PowerPC on Intel). This is Microsoft emulating one operating system from within another operating system where the compatibility between them is extremely high. You can take most well written XP applications and run them on Vista without a hitch and the situation will likely be better with Windows 7. So, if the operating systems are so compatible what's the point of XP mode? There's a huge body of badly written software designed for and test only on XP that are necessary for businesses. These businesses haven't just been hesitant to upgrade to Vista, they aren't even considering it. If it doesn't run their app, there's no point. XP Mode is a way to coax them into upgrading by giving them an option to run their old crappy software on this new OS. That is all. You're not supposed to be using XP mode to run games, so it's lack of GPU support doesn't matter. You're not supposed to be using it to interact with all sorts of devices. That's what the host operating system, Windows 7, is for. If you're going to virtualize everything in XP, you might as well just be running XP. This doesn't seem to jive with the generally accepted reasoning for the 160 character limit. From Wikipedia: The key idea for SMS was to use this telephony-optimized system and to transport messages on the signalling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed. In this way unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages without additional cost. However, it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to 128 bytes (later improved to 160 characters), so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats. Therefore the service was named "Short Message Service" Backing up MySQL's binary log is probably a better solution than doing periodic mysqldumps. Also the ordering of the inserts in the dump isn't likely to be deterministic, screwing up some of the benefit of this method. The web browser has very little to do with this problem; it is merely doing what the website has told it to do (or not to do). I run a small forum where clicking back and forth between forms without losing what you've typed is a very important feature. It works exactly the way this author wants in all browsers because the headers are set correctly. Similarly, I also work on a big web application where clicking the back button and getting stale information is bad. Again, the website sets the proper headers and the information is refreshed (if appropriate) or left alone (if appropriate). This is not a browser issue. The differences are likely caused by how different browsers implement (or don't implement) the standard. Cache control headers Most of the enhancements made in HTML over the last few decades would be impossible if browsers didn't render incorrect HTML. Even simple things, like having closed single tags ( vs. ) is only possible because old browsers are really forgiving. As far as I can tell, it's great for solving problems people don't actually have and probably creating problems they didn't imagine. The problem with languages where everything is possible syntactically is that everything is possible syntactically. You're no longer dealing with a language that everyone speaks and understands -- instead you have to learn to local dialect just to get started. If the programmer before you was a total git, you'll be in more trouble than if you'd use a more constrained language. This is why most languages after C++ have avoided operator overloading. There isn't enough utility for me to bother with OpenID. This should really be integrated into browsers rather than some crazy web service scheme. Say what you will about the big ball of mud that is the PHP function library, it is still useful. Sometimes just being able to call a simple function is refreshingly straight forward. "Good" API design these days seems to mean including the entire alphabet of OO design patterns. I'm particularly interested in the PHP date() function myself, since the date handling in Javascript is seriously insufficient. This is an arms race that Palm can win, though. If Apple finds a way to detect it, Palm can release an update to make it work again. At some point, Palm will end up with an implementation indistinguishable in every way from an existing iPod. If they've already done that, then the game is already over. If they haven't, it might take only one more iteration. I didn't bother to signup. Is there anyway to let people use the site without having an (immediate) signup? Cookies to hold some configuration? For example, Stackoverflow.com lets you contribute without signing in but then gives incentives to do so. > Am I the only one sypathetic to Google here? Google was in the right for terminating the account but they legitimately lost the first case. They did not provide evidence of why the account was terminated. Not to the author nor to the small claims court. So they lost and they deserved to lose, in my opinion. During the appeal, they finally provided that information and won. The issue isn't so much who was right or wrong but how terrible (or non-existent) Googles customer service is. They can't answer simple questions and if you've really been terminated unjustly, you have no way of knowing and they keep your money. How exactly do you rename a variable? Ironically, I just got the following message from Google: --/ snip /-- Hello, It has come to our attention that invalid clicks or impressions have been generated on your Google ads, posing a financial risk to our AdWords advertisers. Please note that any activity that may artificially inflate an advertiser's costs or a publisher's earnings is strictly prohibited by our program policies. We understand that you may want more information about the activity we detected. However, because we have a need to protect our proprietary detection systems, we're unable to provide our publishers with any details about their account activity, including any web pages or users that may have been involved. Thank you for your understanding. --/ snip /-- We run a fairly popular site that I'm not going to mention and we have a few AdSense banners in our forum. We aren't clicking on our own ads or doing anything else sneaky. So what are supposed to do about this? We can't change anything because we aren't doing anything. So next month will Google just cut us off? Frustrating to say the least. In the land of laptops, powering down is a lot less frequent. Vista's "power button" by default suspends. The hardware power button suspends. I suspect a lot of Windows users almost never reboot. coredumpster.com seems like the perfect domain for a parody of stackoverflow. Python must be developed by the makes-Linux-frozen-in-time team then. And don't even get me started on KDE! If you're not running Linux as God intended, from the command line and programming only in C, you are part of the problem. > Just because one is sandboxed and the other is not, does not mean that it's inherently more secure. Actually, that is actually what it means. Security is the reason for the sandbox and is an essential property of the native client. Sure, bugs could exist that defeat the protections but that can just as easily be said for any code. ActiveX is very different -- by design, there are no protections. However, I'm not sure I understand why the code has to be native -- A think Google could have built a C-compatible VM machine language that would be easier to validate and then just JIT that in the browser. They already need a patched GCC to compile the native code for the client. And a VM JIT could be ported to other platforms besides x86. Why does it have to be native? A JIT could handle SIMD if those instructions are included in the VM. I'm not thinking about a high-level VM like Java but something considerably more low-level. A machine language with the most important features of any modern CPU but without the ambiguities and trappings of any particular architecture. In NaCl, they're already restricting the code to a subset of x86 instructions, so it's not far off. And it doesn't even have to be JIT -- it could just be a compiler that translates from the verifiable VM code directly into x86 before anything is run. All architectures have opcodes for moving data, addition, multiplication, bit shifting, etc. They also all have a stack and registers. While the details are different (number of registers, for example), in general they all work the same. The genie is out of the bottle. I don't know who's paying $25.00 a game on their mobile phone -- but if they did it a year ago, they aren't going to do it now. Now that has Apple come along and changed the market, every user is going to compare the experience and price and decide that what came before was bullsh*t. You're basically saying that lawyers shouldn't take cases for murders, or anyone else morally suspect. But that completely defeats the purpose of having a justice system. It's not the lawyers fault that someone's life was ruined -- if you want to blame anyone, blame the jury. Or blame the politicians that made the laws in the first place. "Enclose the /element/ in matching delimiters" I don't understand this part? What is he proposing this looks like? Let google host it for you: http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxlibs/ Using Google's version also means that it will only be cached once between all the sites that use it. This is similar to what you're talking about with bundling it in the browser, You close your web browser? Edit: Was this downmodded by people who actually close their browser during the day? Those that don't should up-mod it. > "::" wouldn't work, because it's ambiguous at compile time. Why is "::" ambiguous at compile time? It seems to me something is rotten here. C++ using :: for both namespaces and static access of classes. Why didn't PHP go the same way? I never complain about the choice of operator, I complain about it's need to exist in the first place. :: would have done the job just fine, just as it does in C++, which is where they stole it from in the first place. It's a valid question. The browser is the gateway to most of the applications I use in a day. Closing it down would be like shutting down my computer whenever I step away from it. I don't disagree that applications (and operating systems) should start up quickly, but it hardly seems like a critical complaint. And, as much as I appreciate improved Javascript performance, the differences are not that significant in the real-world. I'm not sure I fully get the explanation from your EDIT. If you had a single scope resolution operator ::, classes and namespaces should share the same hash and lookup. A class is, fundamentally, a namespace. namespace foo; function bar(){echo "func\n";} class foo{ static function bar(){echo "func\n";} } Should be equivalent as far as invoking them is concerned. The private browsing mode is terrible! I've been using the Stealthier plugin for previous versions of Firefox and it works great. You activate it and from then on nothing you do gets stored in the history. You deactivate it, and history starts getting tracked again. It's simple and it works. Having private browsing mode close out all the other tabs is incredibly annoying! What purpose does it serve? Sadly, asking questions is apparently considered "not contributing". Very friendly. Performance is always a trade-off; wou rarely get something for nothing. These object stores are great when all your doing it storing objects, but that's a pretty simplistic use-case. If you need to do more with your data than simply read it back in object-sized chunks, you're going to find that a relational database probably provides better performance. For web sites especially, retrieving and constructing objects is a fairly expensive operation if you're just generating list pages. I wonder if we just have a generation of programmers who can't think in SQL. They're used to using ORMs (which are useful abstractions) but can't work at a lower level. Sending a query over the line to get exactly the results you want, and no more, and have it optimized and run entirely on server is pretty damn efficient. A. That is fine until the first time somebody has to write a report. B. With the right product, administration is easy. MySQL is completely ubiquitous and something like SQL server is easy. This certainly conflicts with point C. C. Most of these people aren't doing high-volume anything. If you are doing high-volume stuff (like Google) then of course it makes sense to use something very specific to your task. But that doesn't mean Bigtable, for example, makes for a good generic solution. That's crazy advice even for MySQL. Having a DB that exceeds physical RAM is why you use a DBMS. I do my own hosting, but I agree with this completely. Downtime at any scale is inevitable, but with Google's massive infrastructure you're far better off. You're right, and that's what great about ORMs! But if you're asking a question of your data, like "how many widgets did I sell today?" then navigating a conceptional graph of data is the slowest, most convoluted, way of getting at that information. My suggestion: plan on adding some kind of real file system. I've worked with OS's that try and de-emphasize (or eliminate) the traditional file system and it just doesn't work. Programmers eventually hack their own "file system" to work with the files that everyone has. When every computer is networked and connected to the Internet, communicating by files, file names, and file extensions, is universal.