Here's a great article on the subject from Dharmesh Shah (HubSpot founder). http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/11097/How-To-Price-Soft... Any reason why you chose Unity3D over Google's O3D ( http://code.google.com/apis/o3d/ ) ? How is this not off topic? First thought: seems like Mechanical Turk is popular in India. I can't describe how OOP changed my life. You have to learn it. Right. I don't see any use case for this syntax especially that modern IDEs offer auto completion . I pretty much in the same situation as you and have a similar background (currently studying software engineering). Actually I did quit school for one year and worked as a web developer. I liked it, good salary and all, but I chose to go back to school for a few reasons. 1) School is a great place to make connections. 2) My parents are supporting me while I'm still studying. 3) Most of all, I'm an entrepreneur and school is a great time to start a company (see 2 reasons above + http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/2059/founding-a-star... ). 4) Although I also learn better on my own (didn't learn much at school), bachelor opens the door to post-graduate studies and gives some credibility when looking for VC funding. Finally, nowadays, you can launch a startup with minimal capital investment, so don't worry about money. An interesting solution would be to randomly chose which stories a given user sees in the New section. This article might help you: http://sitepoint.com/article/merchant-account-review DES ? Does this guy realize he's asking the founder of PHP (rasmus@php.net) to "escalate this to someone who can answer". lol If you follow a tutorial on becoming a hacker than you are most likely not (and won't be) a hacker. Being a hacker is a state of mind. On the short time it isn't but on the long term it can be. I've spent a few hours reading on version control a few years ago and I've been more productive since then ;) That's a good idea but I'm not sure how I would go about getting some famous developers to send a screencast of them at work! "There is perhaps a more general point here. If a language does too much for you, it may be simultaneously a good tool for production and a bad one for learning. It's not only languages that have this problem; web application frameworks like RubyOnRails, CakePHP, Django may make it too easy to reach a superficial sort of understanding that will leave you without resources when you have to tackle a hard problem, or even just debug the solution to an easy one." Love this quote. Thanks. Good idea ;) Lean and clean. Pretty similar indeed. Thanks for sharing the link. I haven't thought of a revenue model yet: just throwing the idea out to see if that's something people would actually like. Getting developers to share their work environment would indeed be a challenge. Perhaps, a karma system a la StackOverflow/HN could be used as an incentive. Developers on StackOverflow don't mind helping each others out so I don't see why it wouldn't work with my proposed format. I have to admit though that making a screencast is time consuming and the karma incentive might not be enough to balance. Another option that was mentioned in the comments was to ask "celebrity" developers to share their workspace. Celebrities usually like free publicity so I believe that might be a viable option to start out. Oui? Quel est le problème? I wasn't aware that Clojure had a steeper learning curve. I'll do as you recommended: start with Scheme to grasp the basics of Lisp and eventually move on to more advanced stuff. Thanks. Whatever, I never get spam with Gmail. My take on this: the benefit of filtering spam largely outweighs the downside of false positives (which, as far as I know, never happened to me and if it did, it probably wasn't that bad since I didn't notice). If someone really needs to contact me, the said person can message me on my various social profiles or simply call me. Nice tool, although embedding images isn't always an option. Thanks for sharing. Bookmarked. Makes a good example of why requirements are important even for something as seemingly simple as file copying. Actually, mistakes with pointers can lead to remote code execution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffer_overflows ). Are they trusted by all browsers ? Reporting in. Someone lacks sense of humor... You`re right about this particular example. However, I wanted the library to be flexible enough to handle changes in the DOM (not only the content of some elements). Of course, if the DOM changes too heavily (completely different layout), this library wouldn't really make sense. That's right: if the diff takes more time then actually loading a new page, it doesn't make sense at all. However, I could see the diff script intelligent enough not to be slowed down by a minor difference. Anyways, this library would mostly make sense on pages with a very similar layout. As mentioned in my reply to @profquail, the use case was just an example. Perhaps I should have chosen a better one. http://www.irosetta.com/ Thanks for your feedback. However, I'm not sure why this site would be more likely to attract "amateurs" than StackOverflow. StackOverflow is not part of a freelancer marketplace either (the career site was only added very recently) and yet manages to get quality content. Thanks for your insight nonetheless, I will consider integrating the Q&A part with a "marketplace" in a second phase. WordReference does have a ton of valuable content and a vibrant community but as you mentioned, the user experience isn't that great. Thanks for the encouragement ;) That sucks but thanks for pointing out. I didn't know it was possible to trademark an Ancient Egyptian artifact :( I'll try to see if I really am infringing the trademark. I'll run a test campaign and see if it is effective. Thanks for the keyword suggestions. "programming provides a higher barrier of entry than language study". As a professional programmer, I never really realized this but now that you mention it, it totally makes sense. In that perspective, iRosetta is more likely to attract "amateurs". I'll try to come up with a strategy to market it to pros ;) Nice collection ! Community moderation/features would be nice. jQuery Ruby on Rails Wasn't that posted earlier this month? I share it on HN ;) http://www.ted.com/ has some great lectures http://academicearth.org/ has videos of university courses -1. Why didn't you post this on your blog ? :D Thanks for the honest insight. I'm currently reading it and I love it so far. Google, I owe you one. Wikipedia is noncommercial. Thanks for this honest response. By the way, forms are also hell with the Zend Framework IMHO. Wanna talk basketball? What other languages? (genuine question) Would you consider candidates from Canada? I'm in Montreal. (olalonde@gmail.com) You should preload the 1-2 next pages (i.e. using an hidden iframe). I'm all for seeing Flash die a slow death. However, I wouldn't celebrate Apple for making the web more open: their AppStore is the worst proprietary/closed platform out there. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a compiled algorithm slower than an interpreted one. I'm not sure people are ready to pay for content on the web. I know I wouldn't pay for HN... uh wait, I would. I possibly would buy one (if the design is appealing even for a non programmer) but I'd be surprised if it hasn't already be done out there. My ultimate goal is to increase productivity - I'm getting tired of writing and maintaining all those SQL queries. I felt the driving force behind NoSQL databases was cutting through the pain of SQL, but I can see from other comments that it is not really the case. Thanks, that's exactly the answer I was looking for. For some reason, I was under the impression that simplifying queries was actually a design goal of NoSQL whereas it really is about scalability and performance... right? That sentence was for illustration purposes: I was wondering if NoSQL databases acted on the same level as ORMs (and I was apparently wrong). I am very well aware of ORMs (actually wrote my own in PHP: http://www.getdorm.com ). You should look up what is recommended by the PCI DSS ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_Card_Industry_Data_Secu... / https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/ ). Which industries would that be? What is a good way to get in touch with them without looking too opportunist or ruining yourself? (genuine question) Are you spying on me ? :D One strategy is to get a routine. I can't confirm though, I'm also a procrastinator :/. I am bilingual (french/english), but one thing really bothers me: I never get to speak in English. I read books in English, I watch movies in English, I read/write in English, etc. but I never get the chance to practice my spoken English. The end result is that although I understand/write English very well, I lack confidence when talking. I wish I could _talk_ on the net so that I "get" the accent and intonation. The best scenario would be to be able to discuss about things I'm interested in at the same time (startups, programming, etc.). I could actually host a Ventrilo server (anyone interested?) until someone builds an app for that :D "Go work in them" can be a time consuming process. I wish it was possible to just work a couple of days in a given industry but it's much easier said then done. An alternative could be consulting but that can also involve a lot of commitment when all you really want is identifying opportunities - not build a consultancy biz from scratch. Perhaps, a viable alternative could be to offer free consulting: much easier to land contracts and low commitment. That's what I used to do actually. It was indeed a very effective way to speak English but I pretty much lost interest in video games now. This was posted earlier this week ;) If only we could change "National Defense" by "Startup Fund". Cool project ! Care to open source your error level analysis implementation ? I'm curious of how complex it is. 37signals ? It seems like writing a whole new language is a bit overkill... why not simply stick to the framework layer? I totally agree. "How cash in the bank affects your lifestyle: it's not linear." ( http://blog.asmartbear.com/rich-vs-king-sold-company.html ) Who cares? Start a company and profit. If it doesn't work, try again. I'd rather be poor and get a shot at the big bucks than have a nice & stable salary. -1 ? You don't have to share my opinion but I'm not sure it deserves a down vote. What differentiates you from http://younoodle.com/ and http://crunchbase.com ? The UI is cool by the way. I would as long as I'm not used as a flesh shield ;) What kind of job would you have there? I thought you could only write iPhone apps in Objective-C. Most likely answer so far: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/axth9/i_found_thi... It's most likely a random number as it is in UUID version 4 format. The version identified by the 4 and the b in the correct spots "6d4061b1b-a7ee-4a9e-b0ae-509617252b42" (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_Unique_Identifier#V... ). Person who placed the geocache probably wanted a way to google anyone who found it. The real sad thing about this is that if they're asking you to post, it implies that what you post is much more likely to make the top page than it is for regular users, which defeats the whole purpose of this site. Let's hope HN isn't becoming a new kind of Digg... You might want to add http://singularityhub.com/ to your feed reader ;) This is a follow up to: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1066716 This has nothing to do with intellectual curiosity, but I couldn't resist posting it :/ If such an IDE was built, it would pretty much mean the end of Flash on the long term. So my guess is that there is a market for an open standards IDE. Why are the markers so evenly distributed across the map? There should be a much larger concentration of markers in places where population density (with Internet access) is high. For instance, there seems to be as much markers in Canada as in the US. My guess is that most (read 99%) of the markers are fake. The map was most likely populated by the website owner. Although I wouldn't see myself doing 400 "half baked" projects, I understand that it could be a solution for people who are in it for the money. That being said, I definitely agree with the fact that your social network and environment can have a big influence on your success. We don't all have the chance to live in Silicon Valley. Right. Perhaps I am over-thinking this. From discussions that usually happen on HN. Don't you share the same perception? It seemed obvious to me but I guess I'm biased. Perhaps I should have explained my arguments. Agreed, although you're not answering the question. Assuming you are a Christian, do you believe the Bible should be taken literally or do you think it is composed of metaphors? Where do you draw the line between fact and fiction? Never mind, I thought it was tokenadult who had written your reply above. Perhaps rationality goes out the window when the stakes are too high. As an atheist, I find this essay truly inspiring and would say most (if not all) predictions make lots of sense. That being said, I'm afraid that the spiritual tone employed by the author might distortion the message he really wanted to pass. I asked this on HN a few days ago and didn't get any feedback. I hope this time I'll get some comments... otherwise I'll have to admit it isn't such a great idea! If you know any similar trick, let me know in the comments ! Interesting insight, thanks for sharing :) Right. I like StackOverflow's karma system for instance. It keeps spam out and rewards for quality content.