Android in C? I thought it was Java. Jedber will be missed. I disagree. A research, when begins is independent of its beneficiary. That's why scientific progress cannot be charted. It's surprising that came from Bill Gates. Scientists work to solve problems, to unearth secrets of nature, to create things, not to solve needs of the poor. That is the consequence of their research. sid_cool1234@yahoo.co.in Microsoft Excel is a big win for me. I wish it does. That's the Microsoft way, not Google. How do we know this is for legit? The sad fact is nothing in this can be believed. All this is strategically too complex. Thanks, this is a wonderful article. How? Wow, most on HN are not action oriented? I find this blog post utterly stupid. It's a pseudo-idealistic view of the world. Google created a programming language as their vision of how language should be. They did not create Google Wave for ads. That's how Google works, they experiment, and if it's accepted they work out a business model for it. I cannot speak for Twitter or Facebook, but Google, I am pretty sure, that's the case. Sorry Mr. Dave Copeland, I differ. The worst thing you can do to convince a naysayer is providing logic and reasoning. They are naysayers for a reason, rationalism simply eludes them. Talk about some rubbish pride and take a middle ground. Let them win a bit, it kinda pampers their ego. Modularise Abstract Code, test, revise, functional test, Load test, Performance test Peer testing Comment Simple is beautiful I think that many databases will have to update the values. And yeah, if someone has hardcoded UI values, they will have to change as well. This sucks, the country cannot do this. We have to allow for peaceful protests. That's a communist view ;) This is an important service for businesses like Groupon. I suggest creating a scoring app, say for baseball or basketball or cricket. You need to enter the player names and then start scoring with simple tricks. The real creativity is in how easy you make the scoring app. I know there will be existing apps, the challenge is in making it easy to use. This isn't Reddit. You would be enshrined there. This is Hacker news and jokes are not welcome. We talk in language of Math and hrefs. This is wonderful. Thanks. Try emailing LulzSec. This in interesting. Last time FB held the conference they introduced the Social Graph.... I am impressed with the UI. It's fast. Great work. What technologies have you used? It is a well written article, language wise, but content wise, it spews jealousy. The author is entitled to have an opinion express it, but in this case it seems the author wants to gain attention by going against the tide. It's good going against the tide when you stand for something, which is not the case in this matter... How big a team was involved in the build? Just the build, not the testing team. I am thoroughly impressed by the effort. I would surely like to use the service... Ah, I missed you by 8 hours in posting this. Which book? Getting 404 Not for me! https://github.com/chernikovalexey/Prevel Looks like spam. I didn't get what you mean by 'not web-scale' Results are surprising so far. The intersection of Facebook and Hacker news readers is pretty less. Probably that's why HN readers are so productive? http://code.google.com/p/js-test-driver/wiki/GettingStarted The luminaries should understand that precisely because CERN has been unable to find a system error, they have put forth the discovery in front of the world to scrutinize it. The luminaries, instead of voicing doubts, should be analyzing results. CERN is not North Korea to claim they performed a nuclear test and the US doubts the claims... Wow...iPhone 4GS and iPhone 5!! Two words, Cloud iPhone... I believe there should be a description of what this website does, rather than repeating the URL in the title... Clickable http://swifto.com Sure, I am the same guy from Reddit, and I thank again for the article. It's very well written. A pretty lame translation, I say. No, I want it in Houston... Nice try, Chris Hardwick ;) Brilliant! Can we have the source code? It's brilliant! This is a good direction, thanks MS. Oops...I just posted this link on my Facebook account with the sensational heading "Foundations of physics shaken again". I will remove it. I suggest building an API which extracts results from Google and WolframAlpha, depending upon whether it's a computation being demanded or an answer. Clickable - http://www.korpool.com Sorry I did not get you. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. I am extremely sorry, I quickly scribbled it to show HN. Any feedback is greatly appreciated. It's not about carpooling, it's about communication. It's main intention is Corporate Pooling. It's about relating to people from different corporations. I am not able to access the link. Is there a problem? Thanks, I am able to access it now. First impression - A great fun concept coupled with a great landing page. I would use the app, it will give a high level view of my emailing habits. This does not belong here. It belongs to Reddit /r/wtf... Clickable http://albumcorner.com I am going to pitch for you. Let me know if I can help in any manner. I will surely spread the word etc. But if anything extra is needed, feel free. And if you are wondering why I am ready to help, I have a personal selfish motive, Learning, Working with smart ass guys like you. So we have a fair deal. This is a very well written piece of article. But I also believe that we cannot control everything that happens. It's OK to sometimes lose control and go with the flow. It might lead to newer horizons. Having said that, it's a call of the person and the situation. Going with intuition is perhaps the best solution in such circumstances. Clickable: http://errorception.com/ I am reading 'Facebook App development for Dummies' Dead right. Couldn't have said that better myself. Louis, don't buy the cokes, you are already fat. :) I bought Louis' work yesterday. And hats off to the performance. For the lazy http://soundcloudinstant.com For the lazy http://getinapic.com GoDaddy changes their stance on SOPA. I have a Google Nexus S. I use Maps, Evernote, Lemon, Weather.com, Facebook, GMail, Dolphin Browser, SwiftKey, almost everyday. You can use the Zero Mailbox approach. Google for it. You will get loads of material. Another one: Meditate Regularly Brilliant, you can directly go to registration here: https://www.facebook.com/hackercup/register Clickable: http://www.echoedd.com I agree with you. I won't call it fear, it's more of anxiety. Whenever I think of learning, I get overwhelmed. It's like learning what? I end up spending precious time being anxious and watching a movie....Sad but true. A 3 year old infographic rises from ashes... Wish you all the very best. Make sure you scale up today, as I am going to pitch for you wherever my reach is. Bad signs, it's slowing down. It's taking more than 20 seconds for me to load. Scale it up, scale it up fast, buy more processing power from your host I would suggest Adobe Air. It's light weight and simple. For the couch potatoes http://aps.mentalimprovement.com/default.aspx Doesn't make much sense. Another doomsday monger. No, no. Reddit users won't enjoy here. This site is for us, the enlightened ones. I am also on Reddit, but that's when I am not in a learning mood. You cannot steal Reddit users, coz most of them will come here looking for cats, and having found none will rather go to Digg. So your worries are baseless. Expand collapse comments. /r/programming /r/technology /r/science /r/GetMotivated /r/funny /r/AskReddit Heartiest congratulations for launching. I have signed up as I like to do some freelance work. Good luck! I still do, it's a very nifty site to get an objective feel of tech news. The redesign however is not a very pleasant one, especially the font. Why the hellish font? That's probably because they have started featuring M G Seigler's articles a lot. And as we know, he's an ardent Apple fan. Hope America learns something from this. Microsoft is one of the biggest investors in facebook. That's weird, isn't it? For the lazy http://Infogr.am Wish you good luck. I find the platform decent. Shall give it a try. For the lazy : http://www.siasto.com My feedback: The UI is pretty clean and fast, so 8/10 for UI. The overall features are good, not enterprise ready, but a very good start. 6/10 It will have to compete with tools like Asana, and they are really good with their project management, task management etc app. Some more innovative tools will help you. Clickable http://swym.me/story http://www.coderweekly.com Clickable http://binb.nodejitsu.com Clickable http://bit.ly/xFxCqs And the US DOJ clears it as well http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2012/February/12-at-210.html