Enter Socrates, just asking questions..... (remember that the charges for which he was put to death started with 'corrupting the youth of Athens'). This is both a horribly bad idea for a wide variety of reasons, and to top it off, it won't work, not even in principle. This article is too mild, not exaggerated or a commercial advocacy piece as some commenters assert. I know lot about carbon fiber. I own and run a business designing and hands-on fabricating carbon fiber components and products for aerospace/defense, top motorsports teams, UAV/Drones, sporting goods and more. (started this 12yrs ago after one of the software companies I co-founded sold). I was a competitive cyclist and still Mtn Bike a lot and race occasionally. Obviously, I think carbon components are fantastic. I could make my own, but I do not. Here's why: ENGINEERED MATERIALS: Carbon Fiber composites are an engineered material. This is great because the strength is very specific, and we can put the strength exactly where we need it, and omit the strength -and the weight- where it is not needed. This also means that the materials MUST be properly engineered to yield acceptable performance. This is NOT just fancy plastic or "black aluminum". Get the engineering right, and you have amazing parts that are both stronger and lighter than steel or aluminum. It is not unusual for us to outperform an aluminum product with a 40-50% weight savings and higher strength numbers. BUT, get the engineering wrong, and a carbon part that looks massively overbuilt, thicker and heavier than the equivalent steel part, will fail catastrophically. Moreover, there are THOUSANDS of combinations of grades of carbon fibers and epoxies, all appropriate for different applications, and these must also be properly selected. So, even if you obtain the exact molds used by Specalized to make their frame, without knowing the exact materials and design, it would be very difficult to make a frame that performed properly. FABRICATION PROCESS: The fabrication process is critical. - Everything must be cleaned properly. - Every single one of the hundreds of pieces of carbon fiber must be cut properly, then placed properly in the mold, in the correct sequence, and the correct orientation. - The mold components and compression tools must be placed properly and achieve and maintain the designed pressures. - The heat and cooling cycle must be applied properly. - The demolding must occur properly. - Any post-cure cycling must occur properly. - Any secondary bonding must be prepared and executed properly. Any failure in these hundreds of steps, and the frame will have a flaw that can hurt of kill someone. (not that it necessarily will, but it easily could -- simply consider hitting bumps in a fast descent -- that will be the exact point of maximum load, most likely to cause failure, and now the cyclist is Wyle E. Coyote... not fun). The fabrication process is analogous to having to ship software where we cannot make an error-corrected perfect digital copy, but each new copy must be hand-transcribed before shipping, and of course cannot be destructively tested. How well would you trust bootleg software running your heart pacemaker if it had to be copied the way monks copied bibles in the middle ages? TESTING PROCESS: Both the engineering design and the fabrication process must be subjected to rigorous testing. On the engineering side, even the most sophisticated modeling software needs real-world test validation of even basic parts models, as the number of variables is huge, and an initial design often does not yield the expected results. On the production side, every step of the process must be carefully designed, and verified to accurately and repeatedly produce parts that perform as engineered. BOTTOM LINE: This is obviously just skimming the surface, but the bottom line is that there are hundreds of opportunities for failures to creep in even when trying to do it right, and ridiculous opportunities for counterfeiters to cut corners. And most of them will NOT be readily visible to casual inspection of the product. I could, with my knowledge and access to my own shop, make a pair of carbon fiber handlebars to ride tomorrow. But I wouldn't ride them further than around the parking lot. We'd need to make a big investment in designing then fabricating and testing scores of units before having the confidence to take one for a real ride. But, standing in the shoes of a desperate counterfeiter in China, where ripping-off IP is the ethical norm, and who will be selling parts to unseen and probably despised customers on the other side of the globe, and who probably doesn't understand enough about the engineering pitfalls anyway ... ... sure, just copy some molds, buy any old carbon, and start slapping it in and cooking it, just make sure it looks good. I've seen even legit parts come in from Asia with crazy shortcuts, never mind the counterfeit stuff. I've also personally witnessed those parts causing disasters. As a rider, just seeing this crap coming into the US is truly frightening. Even the legit parts are cause for worry -- are the US guys actually riding herd on the Chinese QC well enough? Probably. The counterfeit or low-market stuff? Forget it -- you literally couldn't pay me enough to ride it anywhere further than across the parking lot. Anyone who considers doing so is really ignorant of the real risks. It's just physics, and physics does not care about you. "carbon reinforce plastic is ultimately just fancy plastic" NO, it isn't. That is a very erroneous and dangerous assumption. Carbon Fiber Composite is an Engineered Material, which is very different from ordinary plastics or metals, in just about every important way. Please see my comment above and do some research, but do not spread this false concept. YW; I just saw the post late, but was really annoyed at the deep ignorance of some of the comments here -- it really demonstrated the problems of very smart and knowledgeable people making judgements outside their area of expertise with insufficient information. Even if it was not read much, I needed to at least add some basic facts to the discussion. Thx for letting me know that it was worth it! Sorry you missed the context. Per the comment, please read my other post which provides a good primer on high level detail and perhaps do some research on Engineered Materials vs Monolithic Materials. I'll also provide a bit more detail here: Monolithic materials, such as ordinary metals or plastics are substantially the same in all directions. You can work with them by getting the basic info on their properties, and then design and cut them from any direction. Other than edge cases pushing the limits where you have to watch for grain effects in some metals, you can cut it and shape it any way you like. In contrast, for engineered materials, at the most basic level, their properties are HIGHLY directional. The cool thing about this is that it means that we can put the strength exactly where it is needed, and omit the strength (and weight) where it is not needed. BUT, this means that these materials MUST be engineered. The designer MUST understand the details of the loads and load paths, and design the material to handle it. The fabricator MUST follow those designs exactly in hundreds of parameters. Otherwise, the part will fail. On the good side, it is not unusual for us to beat the performance of aluminum by 40-50%. On the bad side, it would not be hard to make a carbon part that appears massively overbuilt, heavier and thicker than steel, yet would fail catastrophically. (note that this is just the most basic level, and overlooks issues of the many types and grades of carbon or the hundreds of types of epoxy, chemistries, cure rates, bonding, inserts, etc., and their appropriate application.) Carbon Fiber is most definitely NOT "just fancy plastic" or 'black aluminum', and that assumption is wrong and can be very dangerous. (ironically, I agree with many of your other points, but that assumption really needs to be put to rest) Yes, we do now have far better onboard sensor suites and logging than in decades past. And this can provide incredible amounts of information, and get us closer to the source of issues much faster. Many times, it makes the issue immediately obvious and documented. HOWEVER! Do NOT make assumptions and fool yourself into thinking this is a cure-all. There are many problems that, while the logged sensor data narrows it down and provides clues, it can sometimes either not provide the critical clues, or can even be misleading. Yes, sometimes adding more sensors focused on the issue may help, but not always. Sometimes it is just down to the hard work of finding the peculiar circumstances and interactions that cause previously unknown failure modes. Been there, done that (UAV & motorsport systems), seen lots of very smart & experienced engineers stumped for way longer than you'd expect. Come back in 15 years and say that nobody cares. Unless it is fixed before that time, you'll care then. Spend a couple of decades building, and leading teams to build, great software that creates $millions in value (sales or savings for your co), and get so you really know your way around both the tech and business side of things. Then, when you are really ready to sink your teeth into a new challenge, start to look around ... and discover that because one glance at the experience on your resume reveals that you are fourty-something, you can't even get an interview. Your attitude about "the right ratio" is actually a great example of the discriminatory attitude. I've seen young developers right out of college that are more tired and cynical than any oldster, and I've seen old that care more than some junior and are building the new tech. I've seen up close a company make dozens of hires -mostly friends- and make less progress over the following years than the team of The ENTIRE POINT of not discriminating is to focus on building a team that actually gets work done, not on creating some ephemeral "culture" -- the point is to discover the ACTUAL characteristics of each INDIVIDUAL that you hire, rather than making ASSUMPTIONS about characteristics based on a generic, immutable, and un-predictive characteristic. Culture is an emergent phenomenon. It is not a primary capability to be deliberately managed at the cost of primary capabilities (sure, if culture-related items can be managed to measurably benefit primary capabilities, then definitely do it, but don't have the tail wag the dog). But, if you're just there to grab a bunch of VC money to squander on an extended frat party and do favors for all your bros, and the VCs are stupid enough to toss the funds your way and also think 'culture' is more important than skills, then by all means, party on! OK, so just because it is universally applied, that makes it fair, or smart, and nobody should care? Candidates who are demonstrably better in every dimension related to the productive goals of the company (and probably even better at beer pong and foosball) are denied opportunities for work and income on the basis that they don't look 'like a bro' when going out for a beer? Apply the same to any similar category - blacks, Asians, women, LGBT, etc., etc. If you universally apply the discrimination without fail, it is fair, or smart? What is frightening is this apparent scale of this willful ignorance, based on broad observations that "nobody cares", in a whole generation of supposedly educated and intelligent people. Those that do not know history are condemned to repeat it, and it is evident that basically nobody in this generation paid much attention, especially to history. More importantly, this is demonstrably STUPID, and any VC worth the title should be managing it mercilessly if they want a return, especially considering how many top HN discussions are about how to hire right. Yet, everyone is happy to ignore the fact that the talent pool is being artificially restricted to a small set of marginally-skilled young white frat guys because the so-called "leaders" of these organizations are more comfortable drinking a beer with them -- i.e., "culture"? Meanwhile, entire categories of available talent are left by the wayside. It is pretty clear that all this talk and angst about finding the best talent is bullshit. Since it is so critical to find the right talent, it is no wonder that so many VC funds have returns lower than mutual funds, when they don't even bother to monitor this critical metric of whether their companies are hiring the best bros or the best actual talent. Wow. Just because there is not yet a specific harm to a specific person enumerated to you in a way that you understand and agree with, no one should be annoyed and everyone should just let it happen? There do exist broader harms, and people's behavior can be so egregious that it "offends the sensibilities". Start with the least of, yet most salient of your stated issues: did Theranos divert money from other more deserving startups -- 'AFAYK, no specific one of those dollars was kept from another specific deserving startup familiar to you, so it's OK'? Really? Are you saying that all other startups are similarly dishonest and undeserving, or that because because no one can specifically track it to your satisfaction, no one should be PO'd? Related to your other posts, and as another responder commented, this is not a case of a mere unfinished app with noticeable demand, to which funds and effort are applied until it gets built-out until v1.1 gets rolled out. This is a case where the "app" is a blood test critical to people's lives, determining drug dosages, treatment courses and outcomes, etc. A failure here can really f*$k up someone's life or kill them, not just inconvenience them because the app failed to load and order their dinner. Moreover, this is a case where Theranos clearly must have known that the basic technology DID NOT WORK and COULD NOT BE MADE TO WORK with any reasonable effort. The right thing to do after a suitable amount of R&D is to shut it down and return remaining money to investors. Many startups have done this. Instead, Theranos decided perpetrate a continuing fraud on investors, customers and the public. They used competitor's machines claiming to be using their own machines. This defrauds everyone, pollutes the investing and entrepreneurial ecosystem, and puts patients at risk. (but AFAYK, this is no reason for anyone to be even a bit annoyed...) Worse yet, and this is one of the bases for the govt's CRIMINAL investigation, Theranos was using hordes of UNQUALIFIED technicians running both the test equipment, and they even CONTINUED to do so after being previously warned by the govt. WTF?!? This is the most simple, basic management -- no science or engineering here -- just use some of your $400MM to hire people with the required credentials to perform tests upon which people rely for their health and life. And the CEO then said that she didn't know about it? This is just obviously a culture of fraud and corner-cutting, in which the only thing that mattered was the image. Theranos may indeed have started out as an honest development effort (I hope so). But at some point it obviously became clear internally that the tech did not and would not work. At that point, Theranos decided (explicitly or implicitly) to continue to maintain the facade, and wandered off into fraud. If you don't understand that this kind of behavior violates social and legal norms in many ways, and that people are normally annoyed at these sorts of violations and failures to uphold the norms that bind us together as a society, then I'm not sure anyone could help you. And saying that it is OK to lie, cheat, and steal as long as nobody can articulate a specific harm to a specific person puts you on the outside of society, and not in a good way. OTOH, if you're just trolling, then well played. OK, so we do have a federal agency to monitor this stuff. We also have police. Does this mean that we should not be annoyed when criminals do their crimes, or not be annoyed that we need to be vigilant and protect ourselves against criminals? Of course not -- these federal monitoring agencies/police are a necessary burden, and they only marginally prevent crime -- the crimes still happen, and the agencies/police only come in after to investigate and punish. Meanwhile, people's lives are harmed or ended -- by the criminals -- who act with impunity until caught and punished. Now, are Holmes and the rest of Theranos' mgt criminals? Of course none of us actually know, we have only a preponderance of second-hand evidence from the press and from government actions. If you are saying that we shouldn't trust any of this, that Theranos is really a bunch of upstanding citizens being brought down by a malicious government and press, then say so. Otherwise, if there is a reason to put some trust in the actions of the govt and the press, then we shouldn't be the slightest bit surprised at the anger, schadenfreude, and impatience to have them taken down. IMO, based on the public info, Theranos has become a criminally fraudulent enterprise, and my biggest emotions are anger that they got away with it for so long and impatience at wanting to see them taken down sooner (of course, if it turned out to be a malicious govt and press, then I'd be defending Theranos even more strongly than I now despise them, as a malicious govt and press are an even bigger betrayal of our trust). Re: If they didn't actually do anything illegal and just ran out of money? NO, simply spending down the funds until they are exhausted on a known dead-end project is not fair. At this point, they've had and years of time with unrestricted access to hundreds of millions of dollars for R&D. They will have either 1) a known path forward with a method that can be engineered into a usable solution, or 2) the knowledge that there is no such path in sight or that they are obstructed by physical limits, or 3) neither of these. If 1), they should already be engineering it towards success (and not testing it in the field with unqualified techs). If 2), they should politely shut down and return unspent funds. If 3), then they have and incompetent R&D effort and should also return the unspent funds. Simply continuing to spend down the funds in condition 2 or 3 is at the very least dishonest/fraudlent to the investors (or other entrepreneurs who might access those investment funds), since it is now known that there is no realistic chance for success. OK, I'll bite, with a serious, practical question -- how would I do that this week? Please assume that I have 100 BTC at a particular address or small set of addresses, and I don't like the Chinese mining consortia. How do I actually move my value to a new chain that 1) excludes those mining consortia, 2) preserves my stored value, and 3) preserves my ability to transact with any other valid BTC address? How can I get this done by next week? OK, so the fork would accomplish goal #1, but not #2 or #3. I can have my own brand new BTCv2, but it has no value, unless I can get the majority of other BTC people to come over, and if a serious movement starts, the value on both chains tanks and needs to be rebuilt by trust, and the assumption that no one else tries the same thing. Even when the point of the chain is not to store value, but just data, it seems that we're already losing the ability to track all the old data. Sure I extract a set of the stuff I want and carry on with the new fork, but no one else comes along, their data is lost, so they don't come along. If all I care about is a close network of friends, or perhaps an internal company data store, then fine, but how does one cleanly tear off a chunk of a network that looks like the graph of FB or Twitter? Am I missing something here? Wow, you really think that Roosevelt and Churchill and the societies and they lead were equivalent to those of Hitler, Stalin and Mao? That our democracy, as flawed as it is, is not better than China's one-party, censorship, mobile execution vans? Why have you not moved there yet? Yes, there are are sometimes, even many senseless wars, but that does not mean that all are so. And it certainly does not mean that people who volunteered to fight that war, and those who paid the ultimate price and died in it, don't deserve some honor (and no, honoring them does not mean that we cannot question or adjust belief structures later). The ignorance expressed in your statement is so profound that it is truly frightening, and if many hold it, then our society will not last. Seriously, please learn some actual history (or at least don't spout the ignorance). Or if you don't want to learn history, just examine some current societies that don't have the trust and stability in which you were obviously raised and take for granted. Yes, Stalin and Mao were at least enemies-of-our-enemies in WWII; and immediately after they became our direct enemies in the cold war (in which people died directly and in proxy wars, e.g., Korea, Vietnam). My comment was not about one specific war, but about the general concept that some societies and ways of living are qualitatively and quantitatively better than others, and that people will willingly sign up to fight to preserve those societies, even knowing that being killed is a likely outcome. As a simple quantitative measure, Google "Dictator Death Tolls", and you'll find Hitler in third place variously counted at 17-30 million, Stalin in 2nd at 23-40 million and Mao topping the charts at 60-78 Million -- people killed by their leadership. As much as we complain about the inequities of our governments, every possible complaint utterly pales on contrast to those societies -- at least we can complain, or wear glasses, or be born into an unfavored family without being killed for it. More to the point, when threatened with living under one of those regimes instead of ours, many sane people would eagerly sign up to fight, with full knowledge that they could die. Signing up to fight for such a cause is considered noble far outside the bounds of Christianity cited by the GP, is the furthest thing possible from the "not knowing the consequences" and "following their naive emotions" cited by the GP, and the contempt with which the GP writes of those actions is simply wrong. Excellent question, and the answer is that human memory is generally highly fallible, malleable, and unreliable. We all have the naive impression that memory is somehow like a video recording and we can just access it to find out what happened. Indeed, we all have some very vivid and probably quite accurate memories about some exceptional events, or can recall exactly what page and what part of the page we read some specific item. There area also examples of amazing memory stunts and records, and even memory contests and championships. But we cannot assume that just because we have some very good memories, memory is generally good, indeed, it is mostly pretty bad, especially compared to any kind of recording system. This is supported by several areas of research demonstrating how easy it is to plant fake memories, reshape memories, and get people to be completely convinced that they are describing are exact and real. One area of research is eyewitness testimony, which has pretty much been the standard in courts since courts existed, yet when eyewitness accounts are compared, they almost always come up with a variety of contradictions. There's also been research into the phenomena of "found" or "recovered" memories often used to convict accused child abusers. Again, it turns out that suggestion and guidance on the part of the investigator can create things our or whole cloth, so it must be very carefully guarded against. There's also several other research areas in which this is relevant, but the outcome is pretty consistent -- human memory is generally pretty bad (sorry I haven't got the time to track down the references). I've found that it's best to just treat memory as merely a good hint about what might have happened (or where I might have left that tool or the keys), and then look for actual evidence of what really happened. Of course, everyone should know that Idiocracy is a time-displaced documentary... I've long thought that an even better way would be a strong curve in the capital gains tax structure. Currently, if held ,1yr it counts as ordinary income, >1yr gets cap gains treatment of 28%. Better would be something like the following holding periods and tax rates (obviously a mere sketch subject to tuning): >10yrs = 0 The short end would eliminate the volatility, unfairness and flash-crashes created by submillisecond trading. The encouragement to the longer end would get everyone to think longer-term. The 0% for decade+ holdings would prevent a lot of silliness around inheritance (e.g., you inherit a few shares from your grandfather, and have no records or reasonable way to figure the cost basis, but are required to assert one). Of course, I doubt it would happen because it isn't in the short-term interest of the bankers. >Are you suggesting that the US will initiate nuclear war? Yes, it should be entirely expected in response to such a serious attack, especially since no country would attempt to take out a carrier group outside the context of a much larger war. Consider that 1) the US doctrine does not forbid first use, and 2) that sinking a carrier and a significant part of its group is tantamount to destroying a small city (the population on the carrier alone is over 6000 people), and 3) that taking out a carrier is taking out effectively 10% of our key naval/air capability. In short, it is an extremely serious action, and would be seen by all as "the gloves coming off". Anyone contemplating launching an attack to take out one of our carriers/groups should not be the slightest bit surprised to find a few nuclear warheads detonating at over some of their major bases within a few hours of taking out the carrier. Nor would any observer be surprised at such a response. That said, if an appropriate retaliation could be done without nukes, it probably would be done that way. But, again, the context is likely to be that of a very rapidly escalating war. . . . . (edit, missing words) I see why it seems nuts, but then holding a position for less than a minute seems nuts also. That kind of trading is not primarily providing liquidity, its primarily skimming and front-running. IMO, it should probably be banned. However, I think that providing a 95% tax rate is a lighter touch, and allows people to do it if they can find sufficient profit. I also mentioned being open to tuning the amounts. What rate would you think would be good for such short term trading? Because we need to anticipate conditions in which communications links and space assets (e.g., GPS and comms links) are unavailable. UAVs do not yet have the autonomous intelligence to operate on their own, and even if they do, we haven't yet decided to give robots the decision to kill autonomously. Answer 2 =) we already do, to some degree. E.g., Cruise Missiles have had the ability to navigate on inertial guidance and terrain-following technology for decades, and we use those a lot. But again, a cruise missile can only get programmed for one target, go there, and hit it. A pilot can go to the target area, notice that the target has moved or new conditions exist (e.g., a bunch of children have been moved in as human shields), or notice that new targets of opportunity have popped up, and immediately take appropriate action. And, we're back to the autonomous AI tech is not yet that good (and I'm not sure that we want it to get that good). Sure, the country can defend itself all it wants, but this is war, not Queensbury rules boxing. So, yeah, if we're pummelling the snot out of some small country (Grenada, Venezuela, ???) and they get off a lucky shot with a missile or torpedo that manages to sink one carrier, then a nuclear response would be unwarranted and unlikely, and we'd just see continued conventional operations by the rest of the fleet. But that scenario is so unlikely. But we're realistically talking about an all-out attack on a carrier group with ballistic missiles or nuclear subs, possibly with nuclear warheads. This would only be mounted by a Russia or China. Or possibly Iran trying a swarm attack with thousands of small suicide-boats. This would be in the context of a much larger war and operations. Attacking a carrier group is an undertaking of huge magnitude - a huge escalation in itself, and anyone should expect a serious response from a successful attack. And, keeping open the question of whether that retaliation might be nuclear is also an important deterrent. The context would certainly determine whether or not it actually goes nuclear. E.g., what other resources can be brought to bear, under what threat is the rest of the fleet? E.g., if it was the Chinese ballistic anti-carrier missiles, and we knew exactly where they were and could target them conventionally, we probably would, but if they threatened the rest of the fleet, and the only way to neutralize them was nukes, ... watch out. So, overall, I'm not saying it would necessarily be nuclear, but it certainly wouldn't be surprising if it were. And, if it were, I'd expect that it would be seen as not un-reasonable, because if the US follows its own history, we're very reluctant to launch them. Yes, they have these fantastic capabilities, and they are improving all the time. That said, note that even your example included live updates via comms/satellite links... Consider the scenario where comms and orbital assets are unavailable/unreliable. We still need human pilots. We're working to the day when we won't, but, we're not there yet. (BTW, I'm all for unmanned, and think the F35 is already obsolete, and that humans are the limiting performance factor in esp. fighter aircraft (e.g., limiting it to 10g accelerations, but we're just not there yet for all scenarios, to answer the GP question as to "why not") Ha! Yes, I knew someone whose mom had very good taste (e.g., owned a small art gallery), and often traveled internationally with her husband who had many overseas posts. A large department store hired her on a freelance basis to do buying in Japan and Korea, where she'd scout products and diligently send in reports. Some years later, she somehow found out that they were using her as a reverse buyer -- since she had upper-crust taste, her reports were used as a guide about what NOT do buy for their stores. Kinda sad to see how vendors that should be selecting and creating good stuff are instead actually deliberately selecting & creating crap to market to us. Actually the current "development kit" starts at USD$30,000 http://liquidpiston.com/dev-kit/ It even has disadvantages compared to the Wankel engine, in that the intake and exhaust airflows are through the sides of the engine, so you can't even stack them along the same crankshaft without seriously compromising the airflow and packaging. Also, while it doesn't have the Wankel rotor tip seals and their associated issues, they don't say much about sealing all their other surfaces. This is likely why they replaced the 6.5Hp motor in their demo go-kart with a 3Hp version of their own motor (if it was a real Wankel, they would have used a two- or three-rotor stack and gotten almost the same or more power for ~1/4 the weight, which would have been a good demo. Instead, they look like they're driving a go-kart at about 1/4 throttle. Although they tout weight advantages, their power-weight ratio is actually pretty bad compared to a variety of other engines, including Wankels and two-strokes of similar sizes, e.g., for model airplane power plants. Of course the immediate Zeitgeist of the comments here is that this is about protection of entrenched interests and quashing of innovation. Sure, there may be some of that. However, we in the tech community need to recognize that doing something at scale creates a fundamental difference of kind, not merely of quantity. Of course, to a large degree, that is the point of much modern tech, to take something that was simply local word-of-mouth stuff ("oh, my friend's got an apartment empty next month, perhaps you two can work out house-sitting for your visit" or "oh, she needs a ride to town too") and turning it into an instant service, globally scaled. This is what creates $billions of value with minimal infrastructure. However, it is nonsense to say that there are no negative externalities, or that they are all trivial and ignore-able, or merely old incumbents protecting their ill-gotten economic territory. Consider another potential technology that could be easily scaled -- speeding tickets. Instead of relying on the local cop to manually measure your speed, chase you down, write a ticket and testify in court, they could simply get the data off your smartphone and ticket you ever time you sent over-speed. They could just argue that "this is just the same law as we've always had". But the result would be that instead of maybe one ticket every X+ years, most of us would get multiple tickets every time we drove outside of a traffic jam. It would fundamentally change everything about driving and the related economy. Similarly, it's one thing when a few people casually rent out a room for a few days a year, or get a house-sitter when they go on vacation. But, it is altogether different when the information exchange infrastructure becomes sufficiently reliable and networked that it makes sense for people to run lodging as a business, even buying houses just for that purpose. This substantially distorts the real estate market, and dumps a lot of externalities on neighbors. It is one thing to buy a house or condo on the assumption that the neighbors are all residents with investment in the neighborhood/building -- quite another to expect that all of the people around you are completely transient. And, of course, even worse when the situation changes after you've moved in. So, please think a bit before jumping on the "they're all ignorant Luddites" bandwagon... (edit - grammar/clarity) Reasonable impulse to go for local regs, but we're talking about global services here. Is it a good idea to expect that a global service be forced to deal with a crazy-quilt patchwork of likely conflicting local regs? Obviously the service wants no reg, but if they're smart, they should want single fed regs, vs potentially unlimited local versions. And of course, are there federal concerns vs local concerns, e.g., taxation, undeclared income, effects on the capital gain on the buildings (someone renting out a house regularly shouldn't get the same cap gains exception as on a building used fully as a primary residence), etc., which make it pretty reasonable to look at it from that level. Sure, to the extent that it's entirely local, local-scale regs would likely be appropriate. However, it looks like they're specifically looking at national-scale distortions in the market. While I haven't examined the data supporting that, I would not be surprised to see large-scale distortions from a system designed to produce large-scale effects. "many high sensation seekers’ problematic behaviors involve intense experiences that can be pursued impulsively and without obvious immediate consequences, such as binge drinking or drug use....Joseph wonders if that energy could be redirected into high-arousal activities—such as rock climbing, but with protective gear—that by their nature involve constraint, premeditation, and specific goals, reinforcing different life patterns." I read some time ago about a drug treatment program centered around rock climbing, said to have astonishingly high success rates. But then I never heard much more about it. Perhaps it doesn't scale due to small supply of climbing teachers and/or large supply of skeptics? Yes, climbing is a very cool sport and community. I wish I had a link, but it was years ago that I read it. Yes, in a perfect world, everyone would have . But it does not work like that. Not even close. Money equals access. Sure, technically, you can plead your own case, but it will require you to give up literally everything else in your life and you'll probably lose against the professionals (how well would you do against the professionals in your favorite sport if you dedicated the next 10 months of your life to it -- remember, they've been doing it for decades and make a living at it?). The fact is that you need serious funds to prosecute or even defend a case bigger than small claims court. I'm in such a case right now and need funding (which is how I got to this article); tho I won't post the details, the requirements will run well into six figures just to pursue what I already had in a written contract. Do you have that kind of pocket change lying around? I don't, and I don't think most of the rest of us do either. While I had a vague idea before, it has now become blindingly obvious that money is required for access to proper justice. While I have much better access than many people, it is also obvious that I also have much less access than others. So, yes, IFF everyone has equal access, there's no need. But we don't, so there is a real need. I guess I'm reading it as the plaintiff having to 'sell their access' to the system, as part of the potential proceeds, in order to get justice. If you don't have the requisite funds, you sell part of your potential proceeds (which become profits to the investor) in order to get access to the justice system. Or, in Hogan's case, sold his case (access to the justice system) to Theil so they could both achieve their goals. (so maybe, it's just a less-clear phrase than it should be?) You are spreading very bad MIS-information, and it doesn't matter why -- stop it. The fact, for a number of different states in which I've employed people (including MA, CA, NH...) is that there are very specific requirements for hiring people, and NO, YOU CANNOT SIMPLY "pay using invoicing while a company gets going". Federal and state laws specify that all employees are W2 status, and you are REQUIRED to withhold taxes. Management is even personally on the hook for these tax liabilities. There are exceptions under certain limited criteria in which you can hire people as outside contractors -- commonly referred to as "1099s" -- the Federal laws are quite tight (the famous '20 questions'), and state laws are even tighter. E.g., in MA you cannot hire any person who performs core functions of your company as a 1099, so if your company writes software you cannot hire anyone to work on that software as a 1099 (but you could hire someone to, say, customize your office accounting package as long as you are only using it). Yes, it is that tight. Just because some founders decide to break the law, and you would be happy to go along with them, does not make it legal. OK, so somebody's tracking it in secret, doing the 'antibiotic susceptibilities' tests and logging the results, and the state health dept receives the data, but the info is being kept from the patients' relatives and from the public in general? This creates two obvious results. 1) suppression of legitimate claims from relatives, and 2) suppression of valid concern and pressure for govt action such as increased research funding. How is this good? Yes, I totally get privacy, and I'm glad to read that you're not saying it is good. It's the hiding it in public records such as Death Certificates, information given to the family, and performance statistics that I find suspicious. Great quote from his friend, Dan Hill: "You see, for Rick Rescorla, this was a natural death. People like Rick, they don’t die old men. They aren’t destined for that and it isn’t right for them to do so. It just isn’t right, by God, for them to become feeble, old, and helpless sons of bitches. There are certain men born in this world, and they’re supposed to die setting an example for the rest of the weak bastards we’re surrounded with." A better question for a VC to ask would be: "Can you stick with anything for 10 years?" or "What else have you done that demonstrates long term perseverance against adversity?". The real question is whether the person has the ability to persevere in adversity. No matter what you are starting, your activities will be quite different far sooner than 10 years. Passion for a particular mission is helpful, but you must be able to handle the drudgery and adversity -- even the most exciting and pleasant pursuits include many tasks that quickly turn to drudgery, and things will go against you often. It is not passion that gets you through the drudgery and adversity, it is the perseverance. Many passionate people quit when things get tough, while many people with perseverance have made a success of projects with merely "worthwhile" goals. [edit: clarity/punctuation] Ha! ... but, just curious, is your procrastination the same in year 10 as in year 1? Yes, I've always been astonished at how bad the software and software management is in the auto industry. And I'm personally still annoyed at BMW from about 8yrs ago when my X5 was occasionally throwing a spurious trivial dashboard warning and I asked about it at the dealer when I went in for some other warranty service. When I got back there was a $200 bill for doing a flash update to some controller, and the dealer insisted that it was BMW that kept it off warranty and charged them for each install. While I could perhaps see some trivial $15 service fee to install it, charging $200 to fix their own damn bug is pretty outrageous. They should just be installing the full set of accumulated updates every time the car comes in for service. But that's not how the auto industry thinks, so yes, that is a huge advantage for Tesla, even if the others are starting to come around, they are effectively a decade late. It actually did have an effect on policy and was cited in Ronald Reagan's own memoirs. This is mentioned in the Wikipedia article. As you're saying it can't be done, just don't get in the way of the guys actually getting it done. The mattress is a nice example of a novel problem, but a remote edge-case. Being safe from all badly secured loads is not a prerequesite for self-driving cars -- they merely need to be more safe on balance than the mass of human drivers before they start taking over. I suspect that even if self-driving-cars all did the worst possible thing and tailgated all badly secured loads, the overall safety improvement would still be a net positive. This prediction will suffer the same fate of other naysaying predictions by experts (never fly, never get to the moon, never know what a star is made of, etc., etc,., etc.....). Yes, many regulations exist for good reason and have significant upsides. However, it's false to say that EVERY individual regulation meets these criteria. As TFA pointed out, these objects are far less hazardous than firearms, fireworks, automobiles, and even balloons (the leading cause of child suffocation, and for whic labeling is required), but because they are novel the CPSC decided to slap them with an absolute ban, which is stronger regulation than any of the other products listed above and thousands of others. This was a very badly considered and executed regulation, and the judge acted rightly. FWIW, I don't think anyone is saying what you imply, that all regulations are baseless and bad. Interesting new form factor 21mm x 70mm. Not entirely wrong. As noted earlier by schiffern, charcoal has a huge surface area, and carbon fiber has a different structure with much less surface area. But, I'd still expect it to burn very nicely in the presence of concentrated oxygen. Carbon fiber, is solid fibers about 5-7 microns thick and of arbitrary length. The fiber is embedded in a matrix, typically of epoxy. A typical ratio for a high-performance part would be about 64% carbon fiber and 36% epoxy. If built properly, the epoxy or other matrix material will completely encapsulate the carbon, including a thin coating on the surfaces. That said, the first thing I'd want to do in the presence of 100% liquid oxygen is to coat the entire carbon composite to ensure that the composite and the oxygen stay apart. The epoxy itself is an organic compound, and the thickness of the coating is at most a few hundred microns (you have to be very careful sanding the surface to prep it for a more durable coating, or you'll get into the carbon). Source: I'm a carbon fiber designer and fabricator. "THE DEAL'S NOT DONE UNTIL THE CHECK CLEARS." This bit of advice has served me quite well over the years. At a celebration party for a new investment in a company I'd previously co-founded but was only a stockholder at the time, the CFO excitedly told me that I was 'worth millions', and asked 'how did it feel?'. I told him that "I'll tell you when we get an exit" and changed nothing about my life. Good thing, because while the check had cleared on that investment, the exit several years later wound up with the stock amount value down in the five figures. One guy I know had co-founded a company, was doing OK. I noticed some impressive new equipment that showed up on his website and we chatted about doing some projects together and how he's got a major deal coming in and had invested well into six figures. The next thing I knew, his company had vanished and he was working for a small shop several states over. They didn't get the project after all, and were immediately bankrupt. Worse yet, was a story from an attny friend I'd worked with; he told me about a guy (client?) he knew who 'got' a VC investment, divorced his wife, bought a big new house, car, etc. .... and the deal fell through.... not sure what happened to that guy, but I'm sure it wasn't pretty. Repeat: "The deal is not done until the check clears"... [edit: typos, clarity] Socialism can be viewed as communism-lite, and there is the idea out there that socialism leads to communism and its problems. Yet, no example comes to mind of a society has turned without a forced internal/external takeover to socialism, then onward to communism. Could you point me to some? CASE A: [Struggle to learn]=>[Succeed a bit]=>[Struggle to learn]=>[fail]=>[struggle to learn]=>[fail harder]=>[struggle more to learn]=>[gain key insight]=>[succeed] CASE B: [cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[appear to succeed]=>[cut&paste]=>[get job]=>[fail]=>[decide to struggle to learn]=>[struggle to learn]=>[gain key insight ~instantly]=>[succeed] Case A happens all the time; it is the standard process of learning. Case B doesn't happen. Moreover, by his fraudlent cut&paste antics, 'Bryan' has already told us one of two things: * either Bryan himself doesn't believe that he can learn, so why should anyone else believe that he can learn? or * Bryan doesn't believe that learning is necessary, so why should anyone expect him to start now? The ideal and fair solution (which won't happen) would have Bryan not only fired on the spot, but repaying the company for all wages and costs of all the time that everyone wasted on him, and delays in the project. Bryan was already treated far more than fairly, and the author was correct to provide the accurate background information on him. There are also larger considerations than the fate of the fraudulent Bryan himself -- the rest of the team. Not only is he failing to pull his own weight, he is taking deliberate actions that impede the progress of the rest of the team. He cannot be gone soon enough. [edit - typos] Great, they now face regulatory and reputational risks, and rightly so. They should be allowed to take steps to prevent themselves from unwittingly supporting laundering, terrorism, etc. However, those steps should not include STEALING THEIR CUSTOMERS' MONEY, which is no less than this bank did until contacted by the media. If they decide the person or transaction is insufficiently verifiable to accept, hold, or move the money, fine. Refuse to keep the funds and RETURN THEM TO THE OWNER. Keeping the funds is simply theft. This is no better than the "asset forfeiture" going on in US police departments who are behaving as robbery gangs. It may technically require the same salary, but the actual implementation and enforcement renders these requirements meaningless. I've been in situations where I directly observed it happening. Requirement to advertise for US workers first? No Problem, just advertise where nobody looks, like the physical local newspaper's classifieds. Advertise for a different lower-paid job title, even though the coding duties will be exactly the same. Hire via an outsourcing company whose entire operation is to game the system, and the costs are still less than a US programmer. The worst part is the sponsorship structure -- when you hire an H1-B worker, you are "sponsoring" his or her presence in the US. they have only the right to work at your business, and nowhere else. They lose that job, and they will have to leave within days (60?). They would not only have to find a new job in that time, but a new job willing to sponsor them and capable of getting their H1-B approved in that time -- very unlikely. This means that the H1-Bs will take all kinds of abuse and lower pay without complaining, as complaining is the quick ticket home. The simple change of allowing H1Bs to be a 2-year visa, and they are allowed to change to any job after 6 months would go a long way to clearing out the abuses, since the sponsoring company would need to treat them at their full worth to keep them. Good question. I'd say it is probably possible to replace a battery pack on the gasoline-refill time scale with a well-engineered drive-over clip-in type mechanism or a side-trolley replacement mechanism. They replace whole nose assemblies in Reliability and safety would take some real work, just like the high-speed fuel rigs previously used in F1. I do own and build drones, and intend to use and sell them for commercial purposes. I totally support this severity of sentence, and would support an even harsher one. This guy was a complete idiot, flying with zero regard for any potential consequences. Not only could someone get hurt, they did. Could just as easily have been killed, just for this bad operator's amusement. Multirotor drones are inherently unstable. They cannot fly without a computer actively controlling every rotor on millisecond time scales. There are literally hundreds of items that can fail on the device that will instantly turn it into a falling brick with sharp edges (yes, I've counted them in a spreadsheet, and was astonished at the high number of potential failure points, an order of magnitude more than we expected). Once one of those items fails, it will accelerate downwards at 9.8 meters per second per second. Physics does not care about our intentions or sentiments. From 120 feet up it will land at 60 miles/hr, from 335 feet it'll hit at over 100 mph. Even a lightweight 2-3 Lb drone would kill at those speeds. The penalties for me driving by you at 60mph and tossing out a hard 2Lb object that happened to hit your head would be much more severe. Just because it is sold in the toy aisle does not mean that casual or stupid operation should be tolerated. This 'operator' was an idiot, hurt somebody, deserved all he got, and he's making it much more difficult for responsible people to use these devices. If you intend to operate these things, please be very aware of where it is going and all potential flight paths and potential falling paths. It isn't that difficult to simply do full pre-flight system checks, not fly over people or other valuable things, and take other safety measures. (also, re. your point about restitution, he might prefer 30 days in jail to paying the hospital bills, lost pay, lost time, etc. as restitution, tho I'd argue for both) edit: clarity, typos Except that with the 'dreams' that he sells, the rubber actually meets the road and goes from 0-60mph in 2.27 seconds, or puts real satellites in orbit and returns the booster to be re-used, or builds the world's largest scale Li-Ion battery factory to drive down costs... Of course he's got some serious elements of self-promotion; it's required to build such a business. In his case, he manages to back it up in ways that most other self-promoters don't even begin to achieve. (disclosure, I do own a bit of Tesla stock which has done nicely, also lost some with SolarCity, but didn't ride it all the way down to the buyout) YES, and here you have the MBA phenomenon striking again. Reducing things to over-simplified metrics, thereby ruining it all, or betting the entire economy on a theory that "manufacturing is low value and should be offshored to the lowest possible cost provider". In this case, driving down the effectiveness of teaching by adding metrics. It was VOLKSWAGEN --NOT BMW-- that created the emissions scandal by programming their cars to change the engine running parameters when the detected the conditions of the emissions test. first article found of 641000 http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34324772 BMW is actually doing it right http://www.bmwblog.com/2016/02/16/top-five-current-diesel-bm... sheesh (edit: add BMW story link) Perhaps the Guardian story is true and everyone is playing around the margins on the European tests, but that's trying to obscure the forest with one tree. In the actual context of the comment, which is the the USA "emissions controversy" with the massively fraudulent code, it was VOLKSWAGEN that was the main player, BMW was not involved. (also IMO, Diesels are a pretty bad way to burn fuel in any case; I don't think BMW should pursue it at all, and although I like my petrol-powered model, I wouldn't buy one of their diesels) Or, more precisely, Uber is earning by systematically stealing the waiting time of their drivers (e.g., by misleading promotions getting everyone out to wait for orders). In contrast to Foodora, which pays for shift time plus delivery commission. Simply, Uber is based on shortchanging everyone but Uber itself and pocketing the difference. Unsustainable, and I always use alternatives. Excellent article. Can attest to the great value of learning to fall well from alpine ski racing and training experience. Learning the moves to they are 'instinctive' and happen without thinking, pull in or press together limbs so they don't get snagged, roll, etc. Mostly, stay aware every microsecond and keep working with whatever bits of control you retain. Very key concept also mentioned in the article -- fear of falling increases likelihood of falling. Work to learn to fall, don't fear it, fall well, and it won't happen so much and won't be as damaging when it does. While I did have my share of injuries and close escapes, decades later, the ability to react, slip-but-not-fall, or fall well still comes in handy. I still think about getting some formal martial arts training to add their techniques to the skill-set. Good to see the knowledge getting into more scientific study and therapy situations. It seems the problem logicallee is working is the massively growing destructive power available to individuals or small groups. Technology is accelerating to the point where the destructive power that was formerly available only to state actors with proper command & control systems is now available to small states, groups, and even individuals -- chemical, bioweapons, delivery by drone, etc. It is now possible to mail-order custom gene sequences for garage bioengineering (yes, they do try to filter the requests against homebrew bioweapons, but the operative word is 'try'). Even computing power -- I'd be surprised if a random dozen people on this forum, properly motivated and funded, could not take down the US power grid within a year. This scale of mass destruction in the hands of individuals is a far greater scale and scope of problem than the ability of any nutjob to go to WalMart and buy a hunting rifle to point at you, me, or a Congressman. It is the kind of real problem that keeps serious security pros up at night. And there are many of these scenarios becoming more real all the time, even if logicallee's nuke example seems too fictitious for you. The real question he's posing is whether its feasible to build an automated system that's sufficiently private and intelligent so that it could scan the comms without violating privacy while only alerting on genuine threats. I think it's an interesting idea, but even if implementable, would fall to the problem. What is to prevent the people who build, maintain, operate the watch-system from abusing it? Nothing but the same level of ethical training that we have now, so this is simply adding one level of indirection. "Where breaking the law benefits everyone, we should lose respect for the law." In this case, it doesn't benefit everyone, especially not everyone equally -- it benefits Uber massively, and only incidentally benefits customers, and basically rips off the driver's time and investment. That said, you're resting on the point that this kind of thing can occasionally bring about marginally beneficial change faster than legal methods. What you are arguing is that "startups" should be allowed to freelance the rearrangement of benefits in our society and ignore the law in doing so. You want the rule of entrepreneurial people to override the rule of law. Yet, this is a society and country built on the rule of law. And yes, the rule of law is much more cumbersome than the rule of men/women. What you argue for is tantamount to anarchy, or at best rule by (economic) warlord. It may seem like a good idea at first, but it is a rapid path to a broken society. The elements of "fuzzy medium", "buffer", human judgement should of course always be included in any justice system. That does not justify deliberately and systematically exploiting the slack in the system for your own benefit and to the detriment of others. Uber was and is not civil disobedience. Its business model was to exploit every bit of available slack in the system to its own benefit and to the detriment of everyone else. Notice how the typical driver only lasts a few months there. This is flatly unethical, and the broad-based unethical slime came right from the top in the form of scandal after scandal, which finally sunk the CEO (and rightfully so). And NO, the ends do not justify the means. Especially not when the means are a massive unethical and exploitative company being built to accelerate by a few years the hidebound practices of a minor industry for a minor improvement in the occasional transportation convenience of urban hipsters. And, while it of course had the minor benefit of accelerating improvement in the taxi industry, it also destroyed the business value of those in the industry, many of whom are aspiring small businesses whose retirement (value of medallion) is now 6-figure debt. It has also probably torched billions of investment capital that could have gone to other more productive and ethical uses in the technology industry. (my bet is that Uber is in a death spiral.) Moreover, it was completely unnecessary for it to have been so unethical. Merely remaining as a proper and ethical ride-sharing service as it (purportedly) started, would have created similar innovation at a more moderate pace. Again, the ends do not justify the means. Not in this case and not as a general rule. I recommend taking a few ethics courses or reading a few philosophers. No, this is NOT a paternalistic attitude towards drivers. It is the observation of their numerous complaints, lawsuits, and behaviour (typically quitting after only a few months). What you are saying is (or requires) that all people and companies are completely free agents with perfect knowledge. The fact is that there is an information asymmetry between Uber and the drivers, which Uber not only exploits but systematically lies into -- they make false representations about the economics of driving, convincing drivers to make investments in what looks like a good business opportunity. So yes, the hopeful drivers "perceive it as being the best option available to them". Some figure it out and never sign up, others do not and get screwed. It is apparently irrelevant to you that this perception is not based in reality but is due to Uber's deliberate and systematic dishonesty. ------- No, it is not scaremongering. Uber is not a form of Civil disobedience. And, if you are arguing that any law should be breakable at any time by anyone, then the only consequence of that is that laws become meaningless. People being able to engage in voluntary economic interactions outside of the context of a lawful societal structure leads EXACTLY to economic warlordism. Power will rapidly become concentrated in the small group of most unethical players, and they will rule the economy. See Russia, which is basically ruled by 22 Oligarchs. and this started where every single Russian citizen was given stock certificates for ownership in state enterprises. Yet in only a few short years, only 22 had the power. Moreover, the apparent rule of law is a farce. Read Red Notice by Bill Browder to get an insight into how it worked. And yes, the proper place of the law IS to restrain voluntary economic interactions so as to maintain a balanced marketplace, avoid the Tragedy Of The Commons, and other benefits to the broader society in which the economic transactions occur and which enables them in the first place. Get your head our of the simplistic Libertarian ideals which you spout (I start with Libertarianism too, but it isn't the end...), and read some history and Systems Dynamics. OK, so you are saying that I should be able to build, market, and sell to you an inexpensive car, claiming that it has all the latest safety features, but is actually a deathtrap. (ignore whatever mechanism I use to evade the laws and regs). We're both free to do this because safety regulations and laws are an impingement on our "right" to engage in any voluntary economic interactions, right? Of course, the first time you hit anything at more than 5mph, you'll wind up with a steering column through your chest because I just used a straight tube instead of a collapsible column to make it cheaper for you, among a hundred other shortcuts. So, you're ok with this? On what basis? That after a number of sales, perhaps the public will catch on and stop buying my cars? What if I've already got billions in profits and investors, and can out-market that knowledge, and buy off the regulators, congress, news organizations, and police? >People being able to engage in voluntary economic interactions outside of the context of a lawful societal structure leads EXACTLY to economic warlordism. Warlordism is the antithesis of voluntary interaction. 'Warlordism' in this case is just a buzzword to scaremonger people into consenting to giving up their rights to make decisions for their own lives. Exactly, Warlordism is the antithesis of voluntary interaction. It is not a buzzword, but a shorthand used since I'm not writing a dissertation but a (supposedly) brief comment. Warlordism, or the domination of an economy or power system by a very few who manage to seize the top of the power structure, is exactly the result of unregulated "free" interactions. Just observe any unregulated society or economy. How long does the equality and freedom of interactions last? How long before someone or group of someones accumulate a critical mass of power, economic and/or violent? A surprisingly short time. And it happens every time. OK, you're "I am in no way implying getting rid of" "criminal and civil justice system". Yet this entire discussion is based on your initial assertion that Uber should be free to break the law in order to create 'great consumer benefits'. You cannot have it both ways. Either we have a system of laws and expect people to follow them, or at least not deliberately and systematically (e.g., write software specifically to ...) break them, -OR- we have a system whereby anyone can break the laws, -OR- authorianism/crony capitalism, where the selected can break the laws. > The Warlordism problem is not a contradiction, it is a result. It is not instant, but it is the nearly inevitable consequence of a situation where laws do not govern/ regulate violent or economic interactions. > Critical mass of power -- of course the amount is variable, depending on a variety of factors. It is the result that counts -- some critical mass will be reached, and the concentration of wealth/power becomes self-reinforcing, and grows. > The only way I've seen in history that works is to mitigate this by creating a system of laws that force the distribution of power/wealth, and avoid excess concentrations of power/wealth. Yes, these legal systems do make us less free. If you really want complete freedom, you can go today to Somalia, South Sudan, remote Afghanistan, or a number of other places. Effectively no laws and complete freedom. Also an almost complete lack of hope of advancement for each individual and the society. ----- I agree that trying to prevent takeover of the political system by the rich/powerful is very difficult, nearly impossible. I also agree that we need to keep money out of elections as much as possible. The Citizens United decision was one of the worst in modern history. I also like the Athenian model, especially the part where the leaders were picked from a pool at random. I actually think that we could be doing better by that sort of method. Once you've achieved a certain level of skills/credentials (academic degree, military rank, corporate experience, you should become eligipble, like jury duty. You might simpy be randomly called to the House, Senate. Maybe a vote of confidence for a 2nd term, and pick the POTUS randomly from those who win that. But yes, while my political philosophy starts with the basis that Freedom is the first good unto itself, it is also not absolute, as having complete freedom results in extreme concentrations of power, reducing the total freedom -- the wealthy/powerful become very free, and the vast majority become dramatically less free. So, to maximize freedom, we need to limit concentrations of wealth/power. Yes that makes some less free, but it makes the greatest freedom for all. Very nice on first try -- added to my quick toolbar. Great to be able to intermix metric and SAE units, as there is (very unfortunate) constant use of both in my field of work. Any hope of an Android app version soon? IANAL, but you might have an interesting lawsuit there --- they are allowing you to setup a campaign that costs money, then locking you out of control. It would require a reallyy GOOD business litigation attny, but could get results. In any case, getting an attny to look at potential causes of action in your state and sending their legal dept notification of intended action is likely to get FB's attention much more quickly than a user request. Your state Attny General office may also be helpful, again, depending upon what state you reside/work. (Of course, as mentioned in earlier comments, the simplest situation may be to cancel the ccard, and make sure that they don't transfer the charges to the new one if you have it reissued in a new number). Yes, the problem of regulatory capture is enormous, and once captured, can actually provide entities with concentrated wealth/power (really the same thing) with extra leverage to control it. One partial solution that has been shown to be somewhat durable is the divided government, multiple co-equal branches with different duties and capabilities. I think the American experiment has shown that we could probably do better with 4 or 5 branches, but three is a decent start. But it seems like we agree on the overall problem, which is how to prevent excessive concentrations of wealth/power, and do so in a society that has not grown the cultural wisdom and strength to do it intrinsically (Norway/Sweden being partial examples, where excessive wealth is shunned and prevented at many levels). I used to think that few/no laws/govt was the way to go, but every example I've seen, small differences simply accelerate into incredible concentrations of wealth/power at surprising speed. You keep arguing against my solution (limited/divided govt, with each component structurally defined to minimize concentrations of power and/or balance the concentrated power). What's yours? ok, the courts already do give great freedom to the ability to engage in contracts. But they do limit it past the point where it starts to infringe on regulated conduct. For example, employment is regulated such that employers are required to buy and pay for Workers' Compensation and Unemployment insurance, so that workers injured on the job or laid off have some safety net. It is illegal to misclassify (W-2) workers as independent contractors (1099s) largely to ensure that these programs are in place and solvent. As an employer, this is an inconvenient and somewhat costly PITA. As a worker and someone looking at the overall effect on society, it looks like a real necessity. These laws, along with minimum wage laws, etc, also reduce (a little bit) the leverage that an employer has over workers, and improve a bit the inequality. A secondary effect of unemployment insurance, COBRA laws, etc, is that they reduce the burden on other parts of society and govt, such as the health care system, welfare, crime reduction, etc. So, are these core laws that should be maintained or spurious impositions on voluntary interactions that should be ignored and repealed (which would have the quick effect of further increasing inequality)? I look at the situation and see them as core laws that need to be increased. For example WalMart pays just over minimum wage, but does not pay a living wage, so you can work there full time and still be below the poverty level. They actually provide seminars to their workers on how to obtain and maximize govt benefits. That looks to me like WalMart exploiting their available voluntary interactions to make you and me subsidize their workforce (without govt assistance, their workers would get sicker and less healthy and they'd have higher turnover and training costs). I think it argues for a minimum wage set so that 45 hour work weeks is above the poverty line and ineligible for benefits. Sounds like you think it's all voluntary, so nevermind the knock-on costs to society or the fact that WalMart's owners continue to get richer, and the workers, poorer. OK, two obvious questions. What is the general range of weight vs power levels are you producing with your device (that wouldn't reveal anything about the tech, only what sort of craft it might suit)? What is the range of scales at which this device will work (what is the smallest, largest, optimum range for the device)? Yes, they can force you to provide your goods to them in any situation they declare urgent/emergency, and at priority over all other customers, even prepaid ones. You will get paid, it's not confiscation, but it is an offer you cannot refuse. I'd be surprised if the situation isn't the same in every other country -- national security/defense takes a very high priority. Moreover, any truly revolutionary technology that could create a significant military advantage will be almost required to be controlled by the mil, lest the adversaries get it. If you don't want to ever be in a situation where you could help the military of your country, you probably need to move to a country without a military. Then worry about other countries deciding to invade for your revolutionary technology. so, your argument has finally boiled down to: ALL statutes should be repealed. Every statute impinges on conduct that could be voluntary agreed among some set of parties. You might actually knowingly want my cheap deathtrap car, or want me to pay you 50c/hour without workman's comp and unemployment insurance. You might even voluntarily want me to murder you (easier than suicide or some ritualistic purpose). There are lawless societies that exist, and they do not work well. They are usually called "Failed States" for a reason. If you really want that, it is relatively cheap to go there. But, do not expect much of a future for yourself or your family. Yes, you are nominally more free in the sense that you can do anything you want. But you are actually substantially less free because there is little or nothing in the way of resources, infrastructure, societal conventions, laws, etc. To build and maintain a complex society, there must exist some significant regulation of markets, including some voluntary activities (start with managing the Commons Problem). To say otherwise is merely spouting a useless ideology that will actually harm growth and the availability of freedom. Start with the fact that even the hospitals themselves do not even know the cost/price of their procedures and goods. Notice here, in 2013, an article about how "For the very first time, the federal government is publicly releasing the "rate card" (the full charge before insurance company discounts) prices hospitals throughout the nation charge for the one hundred most common procedures and services." https://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/05/08/the-great-... Yet two years later, a CEO of a hospital cannot even get the costs at the hospital of which she is CEO: https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/08/health/what-are-a-hospita... Price discovery, the most basic element of a free market, is literally impossible, even for expert executives within their own organizations. Vast price discrepancies exist for procedures just a few towns apart. Discovery for consumers in advance is impossible, and of course absurd in the situation where you are being rushed to the nearest hospital in an emergency. Do not let anyone get away with claiming that this is somehow a "Free Market" until reliable prices, and outcome rates (with case difficulty information) are as easily available as prices and reviews on Amazon. E.g., Switzerland is private insurance, but having a policy is mandatory for everyone within 3 months of moving there or being born. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Switzerland This ensures that the system works better than the US system, as the hospitals do not need to deal with having to treat uninsured patients who cannot pay. This is a major problem for the US healthcare system, and a critical threat to the solvency and continued operation of many hospitals, especially rural hospitals and clinics. Fabricating and selling digital goods online. Could legitimately expense his computers too (if there was enough to itemize or he formed a corp) No, sort of, No, and No. Most of the population IS worse off. Just look at the chart - you need to go to about the 96th percentile to find people who aren't worse off. Yes the growth should go to the people who make it possible, but it is NOT actually doing so (and if you think that the founder/ceo is solely responsible for the growth and we can safely ignore the contribution of all the people who actually do the work, well, you're beyond help). While there are some true innovators in the tech industry, vastly more capital goes to extractive, rent-seeking corporations that are actually ANTI-innovative, and merely exploit their position to extract maximum rent dollars from customers. Examples: Cable/ISPs who get anti-competitive laws passed to eliminate potential competition, even from towns themselves who want to install cable, MPAA fighting new distribution models, fossil-fuel power providers getting anti-solar legislation passed, high-frequency trading shops that extract money by quasi-legally front-running the market, providing no extra value, auto-dealer associations attempting to prevent Tesla's direct sales business model from coming to their state, real estate agents trying to prevent innovation from changing their commission structure, etc, etc., etc... Although some of them do actual work, their protectionist anti-innovation behavior puts them all in the "predatory capitalist" class -- they actively prevent the very improved productivity and growth that you cite as deserving of the income, and in doing so they take money out of the economy. That's exactly the same BS argument as "just give me your product for free and you'll get tons of publicity". Only works if the person proposing it is actually world-famous. Otherwise, it's just scamming. (Not even addressing the copyright infringement issues here.) You are freeloading on PG's insight and fame, trying to increase yours at his expense. Even if the expense is relatively trivial, it's no less true. If it were actually OK, you would have already asked PG if it was ok for you to hack up his articles and re-publish them under your name. Come to think of it, why don't you ask him directly, and see if he thinks it's ok, or what conditions he'd put on it? Let us know how that conversation goes. I prefer to think if it as an Innumeracy Tax. A friend once commented on the subway advert that went: "All you need is a dollar and a dream" His comment was: "We'll keep the dollar and you keep the dream". Just take any job that requires a significant highway commute, you'll see more than that. Whenever you get full speed traffic occasionally interrupted by traffic jams (from whatever cause, other accident, tolls, weather, low angle sunlight, construction, etc.), you'll get a higher incidence of rear-enders. Especially when the tail of the slow/stopped traffic is at a point just past a hill or curve. I got rear-ended myself some years ago in just such a situation, clear sky & dry road. The traffic ahead had slowed dramatically driving into a section where the bright, low winter sun was in everyone's eyes, we couldn't see that before the gentle bend & rise in the road, I saw the slowing traffic & had to brake hard, the person behind me braked late and hit me even though I'd tried to stretch my braking as much as possible to give her more room. There was another similar accident minutes later just behind us. This kind of rapid-slowing situation in tight-fast traffic will likely even get out of hand even for automated cars, unless there is car-to-car communication. This is because of the slight delay for each successive slowing car in the accordion-effect accumulates to the point where eventually the required reaction time decreases and required deceleration rate increases past the performance envelope. At that point, a crash is inevitable. With car-to-car communication and automation, the last car in the pack can start braking almost simultaneously with the first one and avoid this. So, no, it's not hyperbole, it's ordinary. NO, a higher licensing bar for human drivers will NOT solve the problem, it would only exacerbate it (and I'm ALL FOR setting a higher licensing bar for humans for other reasons). The problem here is NOT the untrained driver -- it is the attention span and loss of context. I've undergone extensive higher training levels and passed much higher licensing tests to get my Road Racing license. I can tell you from direct experience of both that the requirements of high-performance driving are basically the same as the requirements to successfully drive out of an emergency situation: you must 1)have complete command of the vehicle, 2) understand the grip and power situation at all the wheels, AND 3) have a full situational awareness and understand A) all the threats and their relative damage potential (oncoming truck vs tree, vs ditch, vs grass), and B) all the potential escape routes and their potential to mitigate damage (can I fit through that narrowing gap, can I handbrake & back into that wall, do I have the grip to turn into that side road... ?). Training will improve #1 a lot. For #2, situational awareness, and #3, understanding the threats and escapes, there is no substitute for being alert and aware IN THE SITUATION AHEAD OF TIME. When driving at the limit, either racing or in an emergency, even getting a few tenths of a second behind can mean big trouble. When you are actively driving and engaged, you HAVE CURRENT AWARENESS of road, conditions, traffic, grip, etc. You at least have a chance to stay on top of it. With autopilot, even with the skills of Lewis Hamilton, you are already so far behind as to be doomed. 60 mph=88 feet/sec. It'll be a minimum of two seconds from when the autopilot alarms before you can even begin to get the situation and the wheel in hand. You're now 50 yards downrange, if you haven't already hit something. Even with skills tested to exceed the next random 10,000 drivers on the road, the potential for this situation to occur would terrify me. I might use such a partial system in low-risk situations like slow traffic where its annoying and the energies involved are fender-bender level. Otherwise, no way. Human vigilance and context siwtching is just not that good. I can't wait for fully-capable autodriving technology, but this is asking for trouble. Quit cargo-culting technology. There is a big valley of death between assist technologies and full-time automation. Interesting watching that video of rugby hits, noticing the legs. Perhaps it's just selection, but I'm wondering if it is rules requiring tackling above the waist, but it seems like every hit on that vid caused no leg injury; no knees got bend backwards, or jammed sideways, and they seemed to invariably fall with bent knees (which is protective as the leg can rotate with the force rather than tear ligaments). The hands, however, seemed to be often at risk. Is this the case? If so, was the rule ever changed for improved safety, or just ~always that way? very informative - thx! I didn't say it was -- I opened by agreeing, then also provide my example, as a lead-in to the car-to-car communication point. And yes, when you have an urban highway commute of any distance, it is not unusual to see that many crashes. maybe not every day, but not far off, and enough that you cannot rely upon commute times, precisely because the crashes are so unpredictable. You might try actually reading other posts before replying with trivial inaccurate potshots. sheesh And both were probably illegal at the time. When Social Security was created, people were concerned about it becoming a de-facto national ID system, and it was illegal to use SSNs as an ID for anything other than taxes and Social Security Biz. Medical insurance companies commonly broke the law but skirted it by saying it was "optional", and of course not telling anyone about the option. At least several times when I applied for insurance, I filled in "Assign ID" and had to correct the first level agent who insisted that I needed to provide and SSN. Patiently insisting that they needed to escalate the call, the first higher-level agents who knew would immediately accept it. This sort of sloppyness confusing an IDentifier with an authentication has now gotten us into a world of trouble. The smart ones will start building significant large offices and headquarters outside of SV & Seattle. Amazon is already starting to location-shop for a second headquarters. They'll need to get more senators on their side than just the 4 from CA and WA. "Fantasy"? Not even close. We hope it stays far away, but when a highly technological society breaks down, it can happen very fast. Just read about Sarajevo, went from thriving metropolis to desperate in a matter of days, in a matter of 2-3 months, people were dying of starvation. Gangs ruled, and you had to be organized and armed to survive. Venezuela is descending into that state now, even with recently imposed gun confiscation. (and those are just political disasters) I write this without having made any particular preparations, as increasing instability has not yet crossed my threshold of probability. But to think that it is a mere "fantasy" that things could get bad enough to need stockpiles and weapons is itself the fantasy. Just read a bit of history, and/or do a bit or research into how fast things will run out --critical things-- when our Just-In-Time economy no longer delivers everything in time. [[edit: add parenthetical on political disasters]] Yes, this is becoming a textbook example of the situation where the old investment adage applies: "Don't try to catch a falling knife..." Biological plausibility is only silly if you assume that biology has NOT in ~4 billion years of evolution managed to explore the design space and arrive at good general maxima/peak design for intelligent processes and are not merely stuck on the first local peak design encountered. It assumes that outside of this biological design space lies both lower peaks and much higher unexplored peaks. While it is likely that somewhere in the universe are higher peaks of design schemes for intelligence, it is also likely that those peaks are difficult to reach from here (4B+ years of evolution hasn't done it yet). It's also possible that the Fermi Paradox is showing is that there is no substantially better general design schema. So, the more successful approach would probably be to seek designs for the first Automated General Intelligence in a design space that has already demonstrably succeeded, then perhaps use that AGI to search for other better design spaces. >industrial espionage is a wealth transfer that reduces inequality yeah, the worst kind of reduction in inequality -- stealing the work product legitimately earned by the developer. Someone going into your house and stealing all your electronics, and publishing your code also reduces inequality, I suppose you're ok with that? >...1/2 the price of the other tires and the Chinese tires are shockingly fine Just because you aren't able to discern the difference between your cheap Chinese tires and real ones doesn't mean that there is no difference. Perhaps they are adequate to the task of your daily driving, or perhaps the difference will only appear when they delaminate/burst/tear off the bead/fail to grip/etc. at the wrong moment and you find yourself in the ditch or in oncoming traffic. I'm continuously surprised at how credulous the HN readership is about counterfeit/stolen/copied technology (perhaps have a look at my post in my current field of expertise regarding counterfeit carbon bicycles, not unlike tires in complexity [0]). Perhaps HN readers have a bias from experiencing digital copies as 100% reliable, but in the manufacturing world, there are myriad opportunities to introduce bad variables. It's certainly remarkable that the Chinese company has produced a minimally usable tire, but I wouldn't trust my life to it without a lot more testing (for a yard truck, sure, but on the road...). [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10333244 >If you copy my journal, I can still use my journal. They're categorically different. maybe sub-categorically different, but not completely different. If I steal your journal, you lose a key property of it -- its privacy. If your journaling your life as a thief, you could lose your freedom, if you're journaling your life as a spy, you may die. But sure, you haven't lost your ability to use your journal! More importantly, if you have spent your time, effort, and savings do develop a new valuable process, and I steal it, sure you can still use it, but you LOSE the ability to use all of the profits that MY company now gains by selling products made of that same process. You lose your market advantage, you lose sales, you lose income. I watched this happen with a small high-performance engine producer who had their engines made in Taiwanese factory. They saw some identical models that were basically being made by their factory & sold out the back door. They called their factory and they stopped the sales. But the competitor now had a large enough bankroll to hire another factory to make similar designs. AAANND now, they have a half-priced competitor, much lower quality, but similar specs, and they can do less R&D. So, NO, your justifications that 'they can still use the thing that they had/have' are, to put it bluntly, merely bullshit justification for theft. And it seems that you just said it was OK to take and publish your code under my name? Care to publish your IP addr and credentials so we can freely access your journals and code to publish for ourselves (presuming that you produce something of value)? > quality variability cuts both ways yes, virtually every manufacturer has an occasional problem. The good ones have fewer, address them proactively, and don't wait to be forced by the govt regulators. Hope your Chinese guys are the former, but I wouldn't bet on it. Happy that your tire guys pass DOT and some FAA certs on their products; that is indeed a good sign. Still doesn't justify IP theft tho. yes, I'd agree that a "People's Revolution" is a worse kind of inequality reduction. No. Copying the designs and hiring out a production run is orders of magnitude more capital-intensive than "simply purchasing one" of the units already in production. For the reverse-engineering, you must first purchase some units, then produce your own accurate measurements & drawings, then find a manufacturer or setup your own factory, and then pay for tooling, all BEFORE you make unit #1. This is far more complex & costly than "simply purchasing one". For the thieves, all of those expenses had already been paid by the original designer. They merely bought their units at the marginal cost of production. This eliminated the startup cost for the competitor's business. The seed capital and IP investment they would have needed was replaced by the theft. They then bootstrapped the stolen knowledge and new profits into their own production. And the oritinal company is surviving and outpacing the theiving Chinese competitor, disproving your contention that 'they have no business'. More generally, there isn't any business where you wouldn't be able to compete if you could buy the finished product out the back door of the factory at the marginal cost of production. If we could buy Apple or Samsung products out the back door of their factory at the marginal cost of production, we could certainly make a lot of profit very fast. Yet I see no viable argument they have no business model. Seriously, stop trying to justify theft. Well, we agree about the economic acts of war, but not about IP theft. Open source is great, but your original argument would say that it's OK not only for me to copy and republish your works, but also to close-source it under my name. It'd also be OK for me to take your journal, edit it a bit, and publish it. Then you might die because of my editing rather than your actions. No question, IP rights as constructed are often abused. We might also note that SpaceX is not using patents, but trade secrets because of this. And just because it's not patented, doesn't mean that Elon would not be justifiably pissed if the secrets got stolen. Stealing is still stealing, and we need to understand that just because part of the bundle of rights to some IP still remain behind (e.g., the original copy remains), that something valuable hasn't been stolen. Problem is, the result of this hunting is ranches where big game animals are grown just to be shot. And 'hunting' big game with modern high-powered rifles and scopes is barely more than a level-1 vidgame. Seriously, you're virtually guaranteed to bag something, and the biggest risk is a sprained ankle with your guide as backup. The best solution is to sell expensive packages to hunt the most dangerous game of all -humans- specifically, poachers. Your big fee gets you deputized, mostly goes to protect the park, and you go on a real hunt of something that has a fighting chance, and you'll genuinely improve the animals' chance of survival if you succeed. Glad you're not ok w/ theft & are looking for improving biz models. Their biz model is pretty good, as evidenced by the fact that they're still going strong despite the theft. Their IP is primarily the engine designs for high power-weight ratios, reliability, manufacture-ability, etc. They sell to military and high-performance hobbyists. Foxcon is probably stopped only by the threat of Apple's large legal dept and the likelihood that they'd lose their biggest contract, probably be put out of biz, executives possibly executed for making an international incident/harming the PRC (it's China...). Basically, compared to a startup who is a small customer of a foundry/machine shop, Apple stops Foxconn with threat of enormous power. IMO, what this biz should have done differently is found a way to build in US or MX with a more trusted manufacturer. Or, if they had no choice but China, split the work between multiple unrelated suppliers so that no one supplier has any surplus or ability to create it. e.g., buy the materials at Source A, provide to Source B for with requirement to produce X cast parts, take those cast parts to machine shop w/req to produce X machined parts and ship all bad parts for inspection. Preferably ship each intermediate step to your own agent for inspection and shipping to next step, partly for verification, and partly to prevent supply chain from making knock-offs. I know one of my Swiss suppliers had some of their material mfg in China just for the Asia market, I expressed skepticism, and they said, "oh, no, we're making sure they have nothing -- we send them only the pre-made chemicals ready to mix & pour, and their only job is to pour/cure/cut. They have no idea what they are mixing, and it'd be nearly impossible to reverse engineer". In short, take more serious steps to protect IP. "The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent." -- John Maynard Keynes (attrib) >> how many engineering projects face regular enemy action? The last time somebody actively tried to compromise a system I was building was two weeks ago. How many engineers live like that? Every bit of military hardware, or child's toy, for starters. More generally, you cite anticipated harm from vandalism or car crashes as being part of the general environment. It is far past time to recognize that the hacking environment in which we live IS THE NORMAL ENVIRONMENT, and these hacks ARE everyday anticipated harm. Software does not live in a virtual vacuum of space. It is on the internet, and will likely be scanned withing seconds if unprotected. Even tall buildings are now designed after 9/11 to better withstand jetliners crashing into them. To follow your metaphor, most of the hacks are completely unsophisticated, the equivalent of a bridge falling because some kid came along with a can of spray paint, or a screwdriver and started pulling screws. Let's also not pretend that other engineering disciplines doesn't also have to face real-world unpredictable and hostile inputs. Even children's toys have to be designed so as not to be hazardous from persistent, random, and clever unexpected attempts at use, misuse, and abuse from children. The same thing for consumer tools, which have many design features to frustrate the unending supply of clever idiots out there trying to win Darwin awards and sue you if they fail (or their families if they succeed). I've done both software and hardware, and your expressed attitude that software is somehow inherently more difficult or threatened is utter nonsense. The only basis for this is impatient project management where the key priority is to to ship yesterday because the management are idiots and think software is trivial. These approaches to start slinging code, write it fast and change it often are useful only for prototyping. In writing real software, my first two steps are 1) understand your problem in depth, and 2) work very hard for a long time to avoid writing code (i.e., better architecture to simplify, separate dependencies, etc.++). After substantial effort is put into those, then write only the code that is necessary. I take a similar approach to manufacturing, understand it, design a process with minimal key elements, then build those. Software is not a 'special snowflake'. I agree that the First-To-Ship mentality you mention and other shortsightedness negate the reality of the current environment. But if the industry doesn't start changing itself, it'll have change imposed upon it. The Equifax breach alone, especially if it is weaponized by a state actor has the potential to completely undermine our banking system. All because of weak software and inadequate maintenance. This is not like we have sophisticated attackers going after solidly designed & engineered structures. It's like we have teenagers and squirrels wandering around the back and freely climbing in windows where the specification didn't even include installing glass. And then commenters like GP saying that it is too great a threat to design around teenagers and squirrels. Perhaps you didn't read to the end where they discussed how the bushmen got past the level of Chimps: >>. A key to that lost or forsworn ability, Suzman suggests, lies in the ferocious egalitarianism of hunter-gatherers. For example, the most valuable thing a hunter can do is come back with meat. Unlike gathered plants, whose proceeds are “not subject to any strict conventions on sharing,” hunted meat is very carefully distributed according to protocol, and the people who eat the meat that is given to them go to great trouble to be rude about it. This ritual is called “insulting the meat,” and it is designed to make sure the hunter doesn’t get above himself and start thinking that he’s better than anyone else. “When a young man kills much meat,” a Bushman told the anthropologist Richard B. Lee, “he comes to think of himself as a chief or a big man, and he thinks of the rest of us as his servants or inferiors. . . . We can’t accept this.” The insults are designed to “cool his heart and make him gentle.” For these hunter-gatherers, Suzman writes, “the sum of individual self-interest and the jealousy that policed it was a fiercely egalitarian society where profitable exchange, hierarchy, and significant material inequality were not tolerated.” Technically, that's correct, although it's a conceit that was foisted upon us by the software industry, partly as an artifact of copyright law and partly to gain more control over their product than others could gain. As futile as it is, I'd rather see the concept go away than see it further enshrined in subscription services.