A few things: I believe your energy per year numbers are electric grid consumption. Steam cycle power plants make roughly 3x more thermal energy than their electrical output. Typically a "1 GW power plant" can produce up to 3 GW thermal power. Also current target fusion reactions are not based on the p-p chain. That is a much more difficult reaction to achieve. We're currently targeting D+T for first generation reactors. D+D is also very attractive because it is aneutronic and perhaps clever reactor design would allow for direct conversion of electricity. Energy in aneutronic fusion reactions is released as an acceleration of charged particles: a current. This current can be harvested through magnetic fields and thermal to electric efficiency can go up to 50% (maybe higher?). The actual details of this seem rather tricky since magnetic confinement devices are already tightly controlling the magnetic fields inside the reactor. It will be fun science and engineering for sure. There are a few other commonly examined reactions, such as p+B11, but they're likely not going to be made viable reactions for energy production before D+T. These other reactions are all easier to achieve (in terms of Lawson criterion) than the stellar proton fusion chain. I'll reuse your math with D+T=He-4+n and 3x energy production. (4380000 TWh / year) / 17.59 MeV / avogadro * 4.002602 g/mol = 41425784.21 kg / year (4380000 TWh / year) / 17.59 MeV / avogadro * 4.002602 g/mol / (0.1786 g / liter) = 231947280 m^3/year Hopefully there aren't any glaring errors here. More views would be appreciated. I think the largest issues here are: 1. as you acknowledged, the assumption that energy production would increase by tenfold 2. that all electrical energy produced would be made by fusion reactors By the time we get to a state where a serious percentage of energy production was from fusion power we would likely be looking into more aggressively into other reactions and designs. Even if we just said 30% of all energy used today was made from D+T fusion that would still be generating 10% of our current helium usage. That's a significant amount and a lot more than the 4 orders of magnitude that is oft cited online ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/12r2s7/helium_i... ). At a glance, it appears that the posts in this thread miscalculate how much fuel is necessary for a certain amount of energy. They glaze over that part of their calculations. I much prefer your dimensional analysis approach. For any readers looking for the same warm fuzzy I have, you can paste this into wolframalpha and actually get a rate of helium production over time. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i= (.3+ +438000+TWh+%2F+year)+%2F+(17.59+MeV)+%2F+(avogadro%27s+number+1%2Fmol)+ +(4.002602+g%2Fmol) (.3 * 438000 TWh / year) / (17.59 MeV) / (avogadro's number 1/mol) * (4.002602 g/mol) I think most of the people finding themselves here would be in the “I wait on my computer several times a day” category. Data science and local compilation will see benefits for any amount of core scaling. One could argue all of this could be done on a server using a remote terminal, but that isn’t how many workflows are set up. Oh I see. My reference for energy consumption is wikipedia. When I was trying to dig for the primary source yesterday I found the link was dead and the equivalent live location of it (IEA key world energy statistics) was behind a paywall. I didn't expect such a large discrepancy between the wikipedia reference and other sources. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_energy_consumption Should a nonexistent energy storage mechanism be considered realistic? One could argue that it's harder to make an institution that has the power to access secured devices behave than it is to change society to have fewer mass murderers. To quote the onion: ‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens If I were a large entity trying to secretly access a device I think I would keep it in a Faraday cage. I found the studies that this video (17:15) uses to establis a real world DRAM BER. https://tezzaron.com/media/soft_errors_1_1_secure.pdf https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~bianca/papers/sigmetrics09.pdf You’ll note that the papers were published in 2004 and 2009, respectively. Here is a paper from 2015 that paints a more accurate picture of hardware used today. https://www.cs.virginia.edu/~gurumurthi/papers/asplos15.pdf Apparently these studies have strange ways to present data and do not give straight “BER per bit per second”, which I would think is the most useful metric. Without spending all day learning the jargon of this specific field, I think I can conclude, at a glance, that DDR4 has a lower BER than DDR3. The numbers matter, and I don’t know how serious of an issue it is currently. Without that knowledge its impossible to speak on the efficacy of more proliferated ECC in DRAM. That is called the anthropic principle. The universe doesn't owe its self-aware passengers any answers. It just is. It's up to us to characterize it, and following logical paths that require baseless assumptions such as "beginnings" and reasons for relative constants are not fruitful. You could give up when it gets hard and just say "the reason the relative constants are what they are is magic" (see: god of the gaps). That doesn't change the fact that there is a deeper connection there that a more complete model would explain the constants. Is 9.81 m/s^2 a constant of the universe? We have are empirical constants that fit into our mathematical models. There is more work to be done. This was my first thought too. The story in the Deus Ex video game series is starting to seem less ridiculous and impromptu, and more like a piece of prophetic media. This "suicide" is as believable as a "Russian reporter falling on a knife 26 times". Even then they would only be getting another little guy, and not the malicious party. Being able to do your job is always the number 1 requirement of doing your job. Being able to communicate and think critically are nice-to-haves. A data scientist who doesn't know data science is useless. You’re implying that the people should just lay down and take it? They are risking their lives for their principles and they are doing it the right way. What could force possibly accomplish? Do you think an economy would operate after you massacre thousands? Do you think people would show up to work? They could sack the city, guaranteeing no money would come out of it. If it’s profit they want then they will need to bend, not break. Why would mainland China do anything? They have complete control over HK and plan on doing what they did in 2014: waiting. In the default case they win and they know it. If everyone in HK knows this too and wants change the protests will continue to grow in size until mainland China has to come to the table. Edit: also proposing that anything other than believing a stretch conspiracy qualifies as “naiveté” is a waste of typing. People will come to their own conclusions, as you clearly have. People who make the rules aren’t going to want to change the status quo. Getting money out of politics is hard and I would argue it would be hard to treat it as the first step. Removing the two party system is an attainable goal prior to removing money from politics. Those in control could believe it is acceptable to have the will of the people more accurately represented through a majoritarian voting system. Entropy! If you are familiar with programming I suggest doing the following experiment: 1. make an image of one solid color 2. make another image of the same size that with each pixel being a random RGB value 3. losslessly compress both images any way you can 4. compare the compressed file sizes to the uncompressed bitmap file size Make sure to make a hypothesis before the experiment! To dig a little deeper on this: all subsequences are equally probable in a random sequence. The full implications of that requires a bit more playing around and reading. I think if you explore it you’ll find that there is an intuition that can be built up. I don’t speak for the people of Hong Kong, but I could imagine many people caring deeply about a place that is considered home, with a specific culture and set of people. This reminds me of the bit that mentions that St. Peter has a list of questions he asks people at the Pearly gates. Among them he asks, “Did you have a vanity plate?” Why not use RDRAND? Also you can always choose well-established, arbitrarily complex psuedo random algorithms. If you want to guarantee low correlation you could use PRBS (whatever shift amount you need, 31 may be enough for most scenarios) with the same shift register values and seeds that are maximally equidistant. Or as they call it in the biz: sample without replacement. This is neat, but I wonder: are there path optimization tools? For instance: flattening, removal of entirely occluded paths, and combination of paths. SVG optimization seems like a good choice for delivery, but oftentimes I find myself using SVG in a development context. Having human readable, annotated SVG files is useful when looking through previous revisions. In terms of compressed filesize: there's no serious practical gain. The use of the word “novel” in contexts like these is a pet peeve of mine. It seems to be used solely for making an idea sound good regardless of merit. Yes, there is value in signaling originality, but the tone feels self congratulatory. Perhaps this is just a product of my experiences in academia, where the use of the word “novel” seemed like a goal. Subjectively, temporal interpolation looks rather bizarre. I’m all in favor of using advanced upscaling techniques to recover lost information, but temporal interpolation adds information in that the artist never intended. I think the best approach is to have the display refresh rate be an integer multiple of the source content frame rate and duplicate frames. Running machines with known remote execution exploits would need airgaps. It’s a lot to ask. If secure boot isn’t designed to defend against hardware attacks then why is their such emphasis on security? Does this long, complicated boot procedure somehow protect against remote motherboard firmware loading? Being careful isn’t a bad thing. Whenever sensitive information is involved I google the company to make sure the phone number is actually correct and if it’s a proper employee of the company I will find their listing. If their voice sounds like it doesn’t match their photo to a large degree or I can’t find the employee I will be very apprehensive about giving information and will ask them some questions. If it’s a con they usually give up quick and move onto the next one. I’m pretty sure they roll their own. I would be surprised if simulation tools were not the most well guarded secrets of these companies. I’m no geologist, but I’d be rather surprised to hear of a volcano that spits large volumes of material out at thousands of feet per second (delta-V necessary to transition from a lunar orbit to Earth). I would think it’s more likely that if there was a correlation between a large impact on Earth and seismic activity on the moon it would be Earth’s seismic activity that had a larger influence on the moon. Again, not in the field so take this all with salt. Why is Taipei not on this list? There are 13,000 cameras [1] for 2.7 million people [2]. 1. http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2011/04/08/2... 2. http://worldpopulationreview.com/world-cities/taipei-populat... With military receivers (or codeless phase tracking) the current constellation is good down to centimeters. This seems rather counter to what I know about GPS. It is a one way link. Correct, if only L1 is used. However as GPS exists today receivers can track phase variations between L1 and L2 without the codes necessary to decode the signal on L2. Subjectively, I went with plasma over other choices for my thesis (which I successfully defended yesterday!). I have used jet for many years for electrical test and measurement reports. For scientific writing, I felt there was a lot of value in colormaps that don't rely on chroma. I wish there was a jet-like colormap that used the entire color spectrum, but also was constantly increasing in brightness. I’m no artist but making games seems fun so I’ve been dabbling. I make vector art, and write scripts to make raster animations at low resolution. This isn’t terribly different than how some of the more beloved 16 bit styles were made. I just haven’t moved into 3D modeling (and I’m also a bad artist). Not everything has to be intricately hand drawn to look good, and even elicit nostalgia. Art is not functional. All things you listed are things no one is bringing back. If linen became obsolete hundreds of years ago why do people still wear it? As someone who has been working with IEEE 802.3 (a standard longer than 5000 pages) for the past four years I can tell you for every spec there are at least hundreds of people who understand the intricate details. Even if a mathematical definition of a sandwich is presented, it is very unlikely to have majority support in localities of any size (down to two individuals). 103 comments and not one mention of line coding! This distance metric is exceptionally useful when picking the states to map to in line codes with error correction/detection. Then subs are tacos and not sandwiches? I would disagree. The definition I like for sandwich is “A set of materials in the configuration ABA, mated along their longest side”. It holds up in contexts outside of food, that the word “sandwich” is sometimes used in, and is valid in dimensionalities other than 3. The sub issue remains though. Semantically, it could be argued that subs are sandwiches that have not had their end fully cut. Ah, the ever present fear of non-ionizing radiation. What appears to have happened is the Chicago Tribune decided to not follow the test definition in order to make the testing more accurate, but not adjust the limit accordingly. They don’t have the authority to change the test procedure or the limit so it doesn’t matter. By inverse square law the limit can be extrapolated to more realistic distances. However the FCC cellphone exposure limit is laughably low compared to when non-ionizing radiation has been shown to cause health effects [1]. Is it reasonable to make legislation around an extrapolation of a fear that is not based on any scientific model? It’s always nice to see reporters go the extra mile to stoke public fears of the boogeyman. 1. https://www.cdc.gov/niosh/topics/emf/#rffields Importantly, the only model that shows health effects from non-ionizing radiation is from heating. When we start hearing reports of users being burned by their battery operated devices, then we should sit up in our seats. Until then, it’s fear-mongering for clicks. Yes of course. Microwave ovens run at 2.4 GHz, and cell phones typically operate in the 700 to 1400 MHz range, so it's fair to compare microwave ovens to cell phones. The largest difference between the two is power. Power density is key. Why cellphone radiation gets a lot of attention is because the distance is so low compared to other radiation sources. However your body tells you if it's over the limit. Cell phones aren't burning users. For every study that finds a link between exposure to low levels of non-ionizing radiation and cancer in humans there is at least one that finds such a link does not exist. Comparing the power density in the microwave spectrum of phones to the sun is reasonable. Should there be recommendations that people stay indoors because of the adverse health risks associated from non-ionizing microwave radiation from the sun? And if they spoof to be someone on your contact list? The solution needs to come in the form of a crackdown by providers, which is what we’re seeing after a long wait. And if they spoof a number that’s on your contacts list? A false sense of security is not the same thing as security. The solution is action by the network providers. I’m still only a few pages in. I don’t have the chance to read it all right now, but I will revisit this tomorrow morning. Here are my early thoughts. Disclaimer: I am an advocate of fusion and am moving into the field (professional electrical engineering support of an academic project). We need to walk before we can run. D+T fusion is viable. Hull maintenance is a solvable problem. Economic studies come after we can walk. Similarly, actually realizable designs that can reach Lawson performance necessary for p+B11 won’t come before designs that can reach D+T are made. There are compelling narratives around funding, but ultimately it seems they are simultaneously overly optimistic about our technical advancement and overly jaded about future prospects. It’s important to note that there is no difference in a reactor design capable of different fusion fuels, other than its Lawson performance. You can fuse D+T just the same as p+B11 if your device is capable of p+B11. There is not magical jump in performance we can make. So why skip over D+T if we need to go through it anyway? If D+T is found to truly not be economically viable (which sounds inherently flawed, since prices go down as technology becomes more advanced) then we could still pursue confinement devices in the hopes of reaching more advanced fuels. Tokamaks may not even be viable for steady state D+T. The bootstrap current effect still needs to be explored further. Electrostatic confinement and inertial confinement are the only known viable options for p+B11. Electrostatic has serious issues related to conduction losses, but perhaps if they were large enough scaling laws may make them viable. It’s not well explored. Inertial confinement is getting a lot of funding and shows serious promise. However, inertial confinement is not a steady state design and its pulsed nature makes it difficult to make a power plant out of. No such engineering cliffs exist for tokamaks and stellarators. The performance just needs to keep marching towards success. Then the discussion of economics can begin in earnest. So I’m a few pages further and I fear I will not be finishing this paper. I am surprised it was published and is still referenced. Where are the citations? Where is the analysis? You can’t just say “fusion reactors need to be ten times bigger than fission reactors”. It’s frankly embarrassing to MIT that they would allow egregious, unfounded claims to be published. Peer review exists to shred such unsupported statements. My outrage is from making scientific conclusions before the science has been done. A hard justification of power density limitations And it’s economic meaning is necessary before you can make a blanket statement like “D+T magnetic confinement will never be economically viable”. The price of electricity is always changing, and public opinion is shifting towards the idea that we have been grossly underpaying for our electricity. Even if the point of power density is conceded, the work necessary for economic analysis has not been done anywhere I have looked. If you would focus on my points, and not try to project some psychological model on someone you’re having a conversation with (a proper dick move, you won’t make friends that way), then you wouldn’t be pointing at papers talking about power density. Where is the cost analysis that prices future fusion plants out of reasonability? Where is the cost analysis that takes the hidden cost of CO2 emission into account? What is the societal value of producing an on demand energy source that lasts millions of years, rather than hundreds? The burden is not on me to find these answers, because I did not make cavalier statements that will be discussed 40 years later. Unchecked publications are why I became heated, not the content. There would be little benefit. ITER was delayed by 20 years due to a drop of funding, so most of the primary issues to address have been put on hold. The plasma physics and machine design has seen progress, but no one has claimed that wouldn’t be the case. W7-X’s success has shifted some more funding into stellarators, but outside of that not much has changed in the landscape in the past 20 years. YCBO is still prohibitively expensive and fragile, but the use of high temperature superconductors with high critical currents would increase confinement time by a large amount. Math is fun. Why do people play frisbee? Let’s not let this fact lower how much we value information. You can have knowledge without understanding, but you cannot have understanding without knowledge. The amount of delta-V required to orbit opposite of Earth's rotation is immense and very few projects have wasted the resources on it. I think most collision concerns come from inclinations and changing orbital altitude due to atmospheric drag. These are predictable effects, but it gets dicey quickly if your surface area increases because your vessel explodes. I hope we get the GPS III constellation up and running before any catastrophic LEO cascades. Having a self sustaining common clock system that can run for centuries has a very high scientific value (and really, just a huge value for any industrial, commercial, and consumer applications). Using this I just learned that Beidou's orbit is geosynchronous with a high inclination. That's a lot of delta-V! LEO cascades would affect our ability to launch anything into orbit. I was told by someone who follows theses things more closely than me that block III GPS would have an inter satellite network that could share clock information independently of ground control. While looking into it the closest I could find was references to OCX, which is ground based controls. So maybe we're not there yet idk. pokered and its derivatives have been on github for many years. As long as it stays to a small scope Nintendo seems content to let these small projects be. That could change at any second though. Clone while you can. Wow. This is so far up my alley that my masters thesis was on implementing testing from 802.3bj and I have made passive microstrip filters in a class. It’s cool that he simulated the eye diagrams, and getting your hands on a real transmitter is not easy, but I think it ends up being a little too optimistic. I don’t think this is meant to demonstrate a real world channel or else he could have just pulled IL and RL limits from various specs. Really cool stuff though. Empirically, it boils down permittivity and conductance of the material. I am not familiar with the physical factors that influence that. For real applications there are other important factors too though. If your substrate gets moldy in a week then it would be hard to package and sell it to a customer. Certainly. Those parameters and the geometry they're in can be distilled into impedance (see: S-parameters). The larger the difference in impedance, the less power gets through (see: return loss). For microwave ovens you only really care about material properties at 2.4 GHz, since that is where the power is. I'm under the impression this was chosen because water has a resonance at this frequency, and absorbs a lot of power. The term "critical current" is often used for the current that generates the maximum magnetic field a superconductor of a given size/geometry can sustain. In practice the actual maximum current before quench is much lower (orders of magnitudes in some cases, I've heard) due to imperfections in metallic lattices. This [1] is worth a few listens. 1. https://omegataupodcast.net/285-superconductivity/ A serious and legitimate gripe with windows is how messy it is to automate things. It's hard to look at the command prompt the same way I look at bash. I resort to almost anything other than batch when I can. Oh? I assume you have a source to back that up. All accounts I’ve seen (wikipedia and the timeline on iter’s website) show that it is due to global politics, namely due to the US’s withdrawal (which was not motivated by finances). You seem like you have a strong narrative you’re sticking to. Is there something you’d like to disclose? That’s a retrospective look. That was not what happened in the early 2000s and is not why ITER stalled. ITER stalled because the US pulled out. You can’t change history to fit a narrative. What makes it a rumor? In the video Scott states that the “cost saving measure” of reducing the target mirror diameter down to 2.4m was to use the same manufacturing as these exact spy satellites. If it’s consistently losing or gaining time you can adjust the regulator pretty easily. If it’s random then minimizing thermal cycles helps. I don’t see watches as very functional compared to smartphones. Mechanical movements have a lot of charm though. I like TDRs and they have a lot of uses in characterizing channels (especially with time gating). I think you could get away with much less expensive and much more friendly hardware in this case, since all you need is RL or VSWR. How do I get control back of an account that I lost control of years ago? During the compromise, changing my password did not remove the ability for others to use the account so I shut down the account. It was reactivated by not me and not my recovery info is currently on the account, still with access to all of my contacts and the ability to send emails as me. I have never been able to fix this. Yahoo is completely useless in this regard. This is so illegal it’s basically blatant gimme for the tech companies to have cool PR by sticking their finger up to the man. This story has come up twice a year for the past five years. The 14th amendment. The judicial system has consistently ruled that the government cannot make lists of potential criminals without due process. One thing to note about America’s “small scale nuclear” is that it produces more energy than France’s “large scale nuclear”. Are you sure? I haven’t seen a windows calculator that didn’t have that feature since before I learned trig. Were you using the scientific calculator layout and the shift/2nd key? I’ve used both android (2010-2015) and iphone (2015-2019) and I have to say, android has higher quality apps. Apple’s walled garden is not preventing low effort, low quality apps from flooding the store. The more restrictive userspace APIs really hurt a lot of useful functionality and having to pay upfront to develop, let alone distribute apps deters many excellent softwares (talk to someone else about the wonders of FOSS). I would say you have to be more careful with android, but I’m not sure that’s really the case since apple store apps are very often “dangerous”. I’ve been of this thinking for a while, but have read that small scale carbon tax tests have not yielded positive results. I still don’t understand how that could be, but I’m not a macroeconomics expert. Everyone wants another DX game except for the people writing the checks. https://wegotthiscovered.com/gaming/deus-mankind-divided-can... (skip to the bottom) https://www.vg247.com/2019/07/29/deus-ex-mankind-divided-seq... LaTeX is really great. My CV is a 7 kB file with embedded fonts. My thesis is 1.2 MB with embedded fonts, 60 vector images and hyperlinks (references and ToC). LaTex is a serious amount of labor but it makes the best documents. Now this is slick. I don’t think sensor fusion is a large focus for apple, judging from their lack of talking points on it. I would think with the resources to make their own ISP they could do some serious information theory work and put out photos that look far better than what smartphones do today. I originally figured that this low hanging fruit would be immediately exploited by phone manufacturers putting multiple camera sensors on a single phone, but I think that may be a little too optimistic and its something we’ll have to wait another few years to see. Judging from other responses here I am in the minority, but I like the camera bump design. The triangular geometry makes sense if you want to have all sensors equidistant to a central point. This also may result in some simplifications (or even optimizations) in sensor fusion algorithms. Putting three cameras in a line makes less sense to me. An intern’s Unity project presented by a carnival barker who speaks to the audience like their average age is four years old is not a large step out of line of Konami’s expected behavior. If there’s “more capacity” in the same volume it is almost certainly a lie. And sellers that lie may cut corners in other areas. And lithium ion batteries can explode. That’s too bad. It looks like this is an area ripe for some academic work. The math is all already established and the models would not be intense to develop but would provide large payoffs. It’s a much lighter version of interferometry. I don’t see why this isn’t a more hotly discussed topic. It’s good that they link to 3brown1blue’s video as well. I was already decently well learned in DSP and information theory before I saw that video and it still managed to teach me a very unique perspective on the fourier transform. These visualizations are very useful for those without an intuition built up. This is the exact way to think about things if you need to work in the frequency domain. I do wish they mentioned phase. It’s always glossed over when teaching the fourier transform but is incredibly essential to describing a coherent signal. The game didn’t feel like a grind until about a thousand hours in, when I quit. Up until then it was a fun series of learning curves and minmaxing builds. It’s a grind from day 1 if the gameplay doesn’t interest you. Feeling the same about the 256GB 11 pro max. The 6S is getting long in the tooth and my phone is the single most used device I have. If I can swallow a $1300 laptop upgrade every 4 years then I can do the same for my phone. I’m pretty sure you can’t do a backup/restore on windows over wi-fi. Flagship smartphones have moved onto three sensors without much talk of image fusion. If image fusion was implemented I think it would be discussed by the manufacturers. It’s possible for third party apps to do some of their own image fusion work, but I’m not aware of any. Is this the killer app of multi-camera smartphones that no one wants? Or a gyrotron if you eat really big hot pockets. Then you may find that battery research and development is pretty surprising. Hong Kong's long term independence is uncertain at best. A company cannot just be "publicly listed" if in the PRC. I wonder if there is a Future Circular Collider that could help expand the standard model into this regime. I would argue it is an island of stability in that it only requires a small perturbation to become unstable. Does the magnitude of the field wave drop at some fixed shape (like an exponential)? Is the wavelength fixed? Is it in meters? Is it the field of a proton made up of multiple frequencies/modes? Is a proton’s influence on fields extend to all space or is there a point (within the hubble sphere) at which a proton does not influence fields at all? I think DNA has semiconductors beat on average information density though. A tube of DNA can contain a datacenter’s worth of information. Read times are abysmal and error rate is through the roof, but it’s relatively stable on the order of hundreds of years. If the demand was high enough I bet there would already be profitable companies pursuing it. I do see it as a potential market though. It’s no fun having a cold storage archive that needs constant hardware replacements. I would imagine reading would be done in a similar way as it is today: amplification and sequencing. Data would have to be given a hefty amount of data correction. There are no apparent show stoppers that I’m aware of, just not enough interest.