I use SoftLayer http://www.softlayer.com/ .. I used to use EV1 but since they merged with The Planet they've not been as good. SoftLayer is made up of many of the "old" The Planet guys and offer some amazing stuff like free private LAN between your servers. Of course you're going to start at no less than $150 per month, and I spend almost $1000 a month, but.. this is business and you have to pay to get the goods. People who run their businesses on naff shared hosting are crazy unless they think the odd hour of downtime here or there is acceptable. Of course, shared hosting or a VPS (my personal recommendation if your budget is small) is a good way to start, but once you make revenue, it's time to upgrade :) Depends on your budget, right? But if it's not non-existent, then I'd recommend SoftLayer (just Google for 'softlayer'). They're formed out of the ashes of the old, and great, management team from The Planet (before it kinda went 'eh') and are good value and really progressive (extremely customizable machines, cheap upgrades, virtual private LAN for all users, KVM for most servers, IPMI logins, open API to control your servers, etc). I moved to them from EV1 several months ago and am totally in love. It's amazing for startups because they offer datacenter level options for dedicated hosting money (it's worth it for private LAN alone, I save tons of bandwidth). If you want more general comments, rather than specific vendors, then... unless your site is entirely local/regional, then always host in the US. Always go for something that's not the cheapest, but not the most expensive. Always search WebHostingTalk.com for reviews of the company you consider. Not a bad read, although I wonder what reality some of these writers live in. If we look at startup participation / entrepreneurism amongst, say, people under 30 years of age, is the percentage really that high on a national scale? If even 1% of 18-30 year olds are opting to run startups instead of getting a job, I'd be surprised (although I'd love some numbers!) It's not too difficult. It's what the E-2 visa was designed for.. for people to come to the US and start (or, rather, "invest in" businesses). All you need is to invest about $100,000 into a company, either one of your own creation, or one you're going to take over, and you're in for two years (and then indefinitely if the business continues to make reasonable revenue). There are no quotas on this visa and application times are very quick, whereas the H-1B ties you to an employer (totally useless for your own company), etc. The L-1 visa is another option if you have a company and you want to set up a US office while maintaining the company in your home country, which can be harder to do but is most likely "cheaper". Ah, I just realized this probably won't work for you. I don't now for sure, but Jamaica probably isn't a "treaty" country, which E visas demand applicants have citizenship of. WebmasterWorld.com by a pretty long shot. I even subscribed for a while. It's the only place I know where the more "silent" SEO people actually spill their techniques every now and then. A lot of the other forums tend to be attention seekers who give good tips but they're keeping most of the gold for themselves. There are quite a few Web based ones already. One example: http://snippets.dzone.com/ Of course, a combo between a Web based one AND a desktop app.. that would be reasonably original. Two reasons. 1) The achievements of modern day scientists appear less amazing than they really are. 2) The achievements of scientists of the pass seem more amazing than they really were. There are quite a few candidates for a modern day "Einstein." Stephen Hawking or Michio Kaku, for example. If you mean YC, as in this site, then always. Never done it any other way. If you mean YC, as in actually in the YC program, then sorry ;-) Heh, I'm going the other way.. Safari 3.1 -> FF3b4 and found the same (or the opposite, depending on how you look at it.) Why the switch? Gmail doesn't work in Safari 3.1! ( http://discussions.apple.com/thread.jspa?messageID=6856943 ) At least, not the Gmail I have on Apps For Your Domain, and it won't let me use the fancy, new one I have on regular Gmail sigh I'm not sure comparing with Google Adsense is a good idea, otherwise following your advice I'd need to charge somewhere in the $70 - $160 CPM range on one of my blogs, which ain't ever gunna happen ;-) Anyway, just to be contrary, and because I've had success with it.. if you have a site that's visible in a particular niche, consider selling fixed rate "sponsorships" instead of advertising. I've had very good luck with this on a particular blog that totally FAILED with Adsense (as in The trick to doing sponsorships, I've found, is to both be prominent in a niche, and to have some sponsors already. This sounds like a Catch 22, but you can do freebie deals with friendly people in the industry until you get real sponsors. I didn't do this myself as I wasn't that smart when I started doing this.. and got the first two sponsors over the first 2 years and then all the rest came within a month after those two! When you're a young, unsettled man, you don't necessarily want to "waste" time extending the courtesies that are generally required when you live with women. All that nonsense with toilet seats, over the top levels of cleanliness, not calling people douchebags or bitches for fun, etc. Now, there are quite a few women out there who can operate just like men and would be just as good as a man in the anticipated role, but the odds are significantly lower.. whereas a man would most likely just "fit in." Besides, these guys might have personal reasons. Sexual discrimination is something to eradicate at a societal level, not a personal one. If you simply don't get along with women, you shouldn't be forced to work with them (and vice versa!) This means there shouldn't be sexual discrimination in a general workplace, but in your own home you can discriminate all you like! Exactly what I already did. All of the things I've created that have ended up making me lots of money weren't created out of a need to monetize them. I make things I want or need and then monetize them later when I need to, if they take off. Starting something JUST to make money is a mug's game. Starting a company in a recession is also a good idea because your industry is less likely to be filled with professional BSers and "wave riders" and your natural talents can shine through a lot better with the lack of competition. I won't cook if it takes more than 10 minutes so this will be great for me :) Anyway, my current favorite is.. Ingredients: 1) 1/2 jar of sweet and sour cooking sauce that has vegetables in it (Uncle Ben's!) 2) Packet of microwaveable whole-grain rice (the healthy stuff!) Directions: 1. Microwave the rice for 90 seconds. 2. Put the sauce and vegetables into a bowl and microwave for 90 seconds. 3. Blend the rice into the hot sauce / vegetables. This is what I eat for dinner every day my girlfriend isn't working the evening shift. Takes 3 minutes. This can also be varied by using frozen vegetables which you defrost first with the microwave on Low for 5 - 10 minutes. You can then blend in tomato ketchup, pickle, onions, and all sorts of stuff to just get a rice + lotsa goodies type meal. Good find! It's great looking back to those days when opinions like his were, indeed, mainstream. I was in high school at the time and admitting you used the Internet was not something you did. It was something that would be forever geeky, text based, and for the domain of hackers and scientists only. Things changed rapidly, of course, but I'd say it was more amazing that it DID take off with the general public than the fact we thought it wouldn't. I sold my software startup last year, and while it's the "easy option" to get back into that scene.. I'm thinking I might get into publishing! Can a book be a startup? Hmm... It's not "sexist" to state things that are "generally" true. At least, no more sexist than saying men are "generally" into sports. I'm not into sports, but I would not be offended if a women were to say this since it IS "generally" true. In that case, there must be two levels of discrimination. I have lots of preferences and discriminate between different products, people, and choices all the time. I am very much against institutionalized discrimination, however. Let's say I wouldn't want to personally work with someone who couldn't speak English. That's a personal choice, but I wouldn't want the same person to be discriminated against in terms of politics, job opportunities, and other senses. Perhaps the difference is passive versus active discrimination. The former being someone operating on their preferences (that is, choosing not to live in a black neighbourhood or choosing not to date blondes) versus active discrimation (attacking people of a certain color or gender, implementing discriminatory policies at a workplace, etc.) I think passive discrimination is necessary for the world to work, but active discrimination should be avoided and discouraged. Carr obviously didn't read Free! Why $0.00 Is the Future of Business ( http://www.wired.com/techbiz/it/magazine/16-03/ff_free ) by Chris Anderson, the "Long Tail" guy. All sorts of things are just marketing material to drive awareness and sales of other items nowadays. It's not dumb of Arrington to consider music as a loss leader for artists. Whoever wrote that article could do with some lessons in tact. "The vaunted Latino family is coming to resemble the black family" and "The Latino family is not in such a dire state as the black family." Further on they qualify this with "poor black family" but in the more general quotes above, which "black family" are we talking about? The average one? Is the average "black family" really in a dire state? It probably isn't, but I hadn't heard of it before and it gives me another option to download some of those big ISOs if the other places suck :) (Note: I'm not the poster.) I like the idea, but if it were applied, I bet Scientologists would win the debate against the over emotional "in your face" techniques used by their opponents. For example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxqR5NPhtLI Most predictions of the future tend to be exaggerated, because that's what people like to read and dream about. That does mean, however, that most of today's predictions about the future can also be taken with a pinch of salt, which is a little depressing. I'm not so sure. That's not so much meritocratic as a test of someone's determination or the amount of time they have to waste. True meritocracy in online voting situations would be something like giving more importance to votes from people with higher karma. So, the people who get voted up more, then get more power in voting situations themselves. That way, the site becomes whatever the "top users" want, a true meritocracy. I'm also a fan of giving precedence depending on the "age" of the user. That is, how long they've been a member of the site. This means the site may not evolve as quickly, but it appears that's something people want to avoid anyway. It tends to be the new "influx" of users that comes after popularity that drags a site down, so letting older users have more say could make sense. http://twitter.com/peterc A good argument, but do you think a user's raw intelligence could correlate to the quality of their links and link preferences? I don't. The people who post all the political links to Reddit seem quite intelligent, as do many of the people starting pointless arguments. The ability to troll and incite flame wars might even go UP with intelligence. Perhaps if the puzzles you proposed measured "emotional intelligence" or domain specific knowledge we'd stand a chance, but raw intelligence doesn't prove much. Many of the nicest, most "savvy" people I know are not of high intelligence in an IQ sense, but are still very successful in their fields, and vice versa. Just a guess, but I think domain specific knowledge testing would work best. I know enough grouchy "intelligent" people to go for the raw intelligence option, but if people were tested on their general knowledge of the sector that the site is based on, that's going to result in, hopefully, more informed discussion and links. Indeed, perhaps this is why sites like Reddit and Hacker News were / are such high quality sites at the start of their lives, because only the most informed people knew about them. Once the less informed get involved, it all goes to pot. So testing how "informed" someone is might, effectively, resolve it all.. but I can't help but feel a lot of people would be turned off by such "testing"! Just want to warn you.. I think you'll get flack from quite a few people on the design. I don't care personally, but some people get pretty excited about stuff like this :) Even changing the color might help deflect some of it ;-) Very interesting you've used Arc, by the way. Will you ever release the source? Barely get any pay? $77k, one of the numbers cited, is hardly a pittance. Okay, you can reasonably easily make a lot more by selling yourself on the open market (especially in IT) but if academia and research is what you want to do, $77k is pretty livable in all but the most expensive of locales. It is an easy mistake to believe that tools as simple as Bayesian filters can emulate intelligence. It requires intelligence to determine whether someone else is intelligent or not, not a bunch of rules and filters. As we've seen with spam, any unintelligent system can be circumvented given enough time and ingenuity. Bayesian filters are now but a small part of e-mail analysis. When communities get too big, even if they spoil, it's not a bad thing. It's a good thing because people are encouraged to then start their own communities. Digg -> Reddit -> Hacker News -> .. next thing .. It's this progression that keeps new and interesting sites coming along. If it hadn't happened, we'd all still be using Digg. - Richard Branson - Bear Grylls - Bill Gates (for philanthropy - note that this is coming from a die hard Mac and Linux user) - Carl Sagan - Richard Dawkins (If it was limited to the tech sphere, then Joshua Schachter and Michael Arrington.) This is a really, really big deal.. not to mention a great article on the topic. Solar is going to be one of the most significant technologies in the 4 - 10 year time frame, much like the Internet was in the 1990s. There'll be a boom and a bust, but the diving price of solar is going to revolutionize the world nonetheless. No. You got it. You put it so well (edit: by well I mean 'concisely') too. I wrote a 3000 word essay on this very topic yesterday (though it looks at the background to the problem in more depth), so I couldn't resist linking it here: http://peterc.org/2008/54-how-to-be-content-with-your-life-i... If we all just keep chipping in without competing, everyone benefits. Can't blame them really. It's not worth risking the wrath of the Internet crazies for the sake of doing a single cool tech demo. They made their point already, and they're not going to win an argument against a bunch of zealots. The most powerful, general level scraping stuff I've come across lately has been ScRUBYt : http://scrubyt.org/ .. although I admit I don't have much to do to use it often. It lets you specify which items on an initial / prototype page you want to scrape, and then it builds up a set of rules than then work on future similar instances of that page. Good for scraping eBay, Google, stuff like that. A temporary business visit under visa waiver or one of the B categories does not, as far as I'm aware, allow you to "work" except under certain circumstances. Meetings, sales calls, repairs, market research, and similar activities are not considered "work" and are allowed. It would need to be investigated whether R&D (which, effectively, is what you're doing when working on a YC project) is allowed. RubyCorner is very good, but only covers a certain set of blogs. Sometimes those blogs post non Ruby content, so there's noise. Also, RubyCorner does only cover blogs (not counting the video / photo sidebar) so you don't tend to get latest updates on libraries, and links to things outside of the Rubysphere. You also only get one link per hit, whereas on RubyFlow you can bind together a bunch of related interesting pieces in one go, or provide context. Context is the final part. When posting you can write what you like and provide a little context to the links. This makes it a lot easier for you, as a reader, to know whether something is worth clicking. The problem with sites like Hacker News and Reddit is that you're going entirely on the headline. Sometimes you want more than a headline.. just a single sentence of context or a bunch of related links will do. Hopefully that answers the question! Effectively RubyFlow's style is a cherry-picked, hand-written for context and quality alternative to browsing the social bookmarking sites, like Ruby Reddit : http://ruby.reddit.com/ By the way, if you have any ideas for other niches this sort of site could work well in, I'm all ears. The only two I'm personally interested in doing so far are Rails (separate to Ruby) and Python, but I think there's a wide range of people who might like to make such sites themselves. Dilution. But.. maybe! The wording of this poll is unfair. I don't think they should be banned, because that's censorship, but I don't necessarily "like seeing" Valleywag stories on News.YC. However, that's why I have a mouse, eyes and a brain.. I can "censor" stuff in my head, just like many other humans. Clearly some people here lack that facility, which strikes me as odd. The last thing entrepreneurs need is "more networking." We need more "doing," more education, and more understanding how to bootstrap our ideas rather than rely on things like YC (although YC does a great job, it should be "an option" instead of "the option.") There are already more than enough places for entrepreneurs to network, both online and in the real world. There are not, however, enough people developing exciting new ideas and products. I've already done it. Started from nothing, built a business, then sold it (twice technically, but only "real" money once). I also didn't know much (not to say I'm particularly expert now!) I am convinced, however, that if I listened to a large crowd of well meaning people, things might not have turned out as well as they did. Being a good entrepreneur IMHO rests a LOT on your ability to take risks, do things in a radically different way (often out of ignorance) and to just get stuff done without talking about it. Networking and engaging with a community works well when you're trying to learn something initially (programming language, other technologies, and, yes, even entrepreneurial skills), but isn't much use when it comes to actually breaking through.. indeed, it can be a hinderance if you actually adjust your plans or thinking on what other people are saying, as that could limit your success. Good luck if you are trying to boost morale or just provide a place for entrepreneurs to share stories.. but I'm not so confident that setting up networks for people to actually bounce ideas around is a good idea at all. So many risky / weird startups might not have made it if people paid attention to the "suggestions" other entrepreneurs would have made to their ideas. Of course, the above all applies to you, your idea, and my comments now. So.. you just need to do what you feel from the gut! :) And if you want to do the same-ish thing with similarly little configuration (indeed, less) with any framework (not just Rails) or even with a non-Ruby language, check out SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ It's rather a shame that this very site isn't good enough for the task you're laying out long-term. Quite a few people have been asking the sorts of questions you've pointed out here lately with good results and good connections made. I sense, however, that Hacker News is going to veer away from that discussion / entrepreneur friendly vibe which may make the sort of community you're discussing a useful addition. Do note that this is not the first attempt at this, however it looks. My own system (I say "my" loosely, it's public domain and open source) SwitchPipe: http://switchpipe.org/ is already in widespread usage, but its focus is a little different. To be fair, fastcgi wasn't /too/ bad IF you actually had it running well at least once g and that varied incredibly from machine to machine, alas. It did use a similar underlying mechanism to most of these other alternatives, just in a rather messy way. I don't think SwitchPipe will rule anything, but perhaps once it's up on Github (instead of SVN) and I release the next version, more baby steps can be made. I'd love to make it even more simple somehow, and perhaps port it to a much faster base (probably Python). I assume you mean over using mod_rewrite to do proxying direct to backend app servers? If so: - SwitchPipe controls backend app server processes. If an app isn't being used, it doesn't need to be running. - If an app is under heavy demand, I want more instances (up to a limit) to be launched to deal with it. - SwitchPipe deals with all of the port numbers. No port numbers to deal with as a user. Just some minor points, but with big usability gains. I disagree, but only because I believe people would consider candy that's /already opened/ by someone else to be "tainted" in some way. They're spot on this time. A lot of people seem to be misinterpreting the post and are assuming 37signals are promoting sloth, inactivity or doing things more slowly. As a company that releases products and new features on a pretty regular basis, 37signals should not be accused of this. Instead, the post is actually highlighting the problems caused by "urgency." Urgency can be a massive problem because most non-emergency matters of urgency are bred by laziness. This is because people have asked for tasks to be done by a reasonable deadline in the past, but then the job hasn't been done due to laziness. So.. the next time the person asks, they make the job look "urgent" to force it to be done on time. After several cycles of this, almost everything becomes "urgent". Consider the way many people complain about and at corporations. Their anger and demands are way out of line with what happened to them (some bad service, maybe) but most consumers know that most big companies simply won't listen unless you make a disproportionate amount of fuss. This is the sort of urgency that is very harmful to SMALL companies and freelancers. It's those clients and customers who claim every tiny job or feature is URGENT when, in fact, it's not at all. Those clients are the ones that cause stress and the ones that will ultimately give you a heart attack. There is a two way relationship needed with compromise on each side. The clients / users / customers need to be reminded that only emergencies are urgent, but your compromise is that if you promise something then MAKE SURE YOU FULFILL IT! I'm sick of how many supposedly "reliable" people don't live up to their promises.. yet we're supposedly meant to accept this nowadays. Well, I won't, and I'm with 37signals on this one. Ditch urgency, live up to promises, and it'll all go a lot smoother and with less stress. The advice in the post doesn't say they "work less". They say they've worked fewer hours. I wish I could find the study I read last year that found only about 20% of hours spent at work by a typical worker are productive, but I'll have to settle for this: http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/31/fashion/31work.html Working fewer hours does not mean you do less work. Indeed, the improvement in efficiency can mean you ultimately produce more. It's like if you drive a car at 100mph everywhere, you'll use more gas per mile than driving at 55mph (indeed, this was why that limit was set). (Update: Heh, just noticed someone else used an automotive metaphor above!) There's been an open source "copy" of Basecamp for quite a while now, but I don't see 37signals going out of business. Turns out companies are quite happy to pay a real company real money for a real service, rather than mess around playing with free alternatives that may or may not deliver. Some great answers on here! Just wanted to give a contrary view though.. I tried becoming more "socially adept" for quite a while, but even though I can put on a pretty lively appearance on the outside, it's just not me. I'm an introvert and I accept that. One of the best bits of advice I've heard recently is to "focus on strengths, not weaknesses." That is, there's no point hammering away improving at things you're bad at, and ending up mediocre at everything, if you can focus on the things you already kick ass at and become world class! Most people who are socially inept tend only to be so with the public or people who are not considered close to them. Take Stanley Kubrick. He got a reputation for being an appallingly bad socializer, yet most of his closest contacts talk about what a friendly and amazing person he was. So.. enough people are socially awkward, or even downright grating, but are or were world class in their field. These people should be an inspiration. Don't hammer away at making yourself a socially popular person if it takes energy away from being kickass.. because if you're kickass, you don't need many social skills. It does. He seems to be implying that small companies (or companies with modest expectations) cannot be considered "startups" when, in fact, that's nearly always what they are. Just on the Ferret side of things, it does have a pretty bad reputation in some circles. Google for "ferret "corrupted index"" .. there are 59 results alone just for that limited query. I don't use Ferret myself (I tried it once; it seemed pretty good) but I'm very well read in the Ruby community (I run Ruby Inside and RubyFlow) and I've seen more than enough people saying bad things about Ferret, how it corrupted their indexes, concurrency issues, and what not, to personally avoid it. Solr and Sphinx seem to get a far better rap. .. I should add that I had a play with your site after reading your article, and it's pretty good. There's a lot of trash out there in this field and you've pulled together a good site. Kudos. Are you uneasy even around your closest contacts, though? (friends, family, etc.) If so, then yes, there's probably something worth working at. In my case, I get on ferociously well with a handful of people, but almost no-one else (at least, not for longer than an hour or two). That's good enough for me, but if ALL social interaction is a problem for you, then best of luck with your journey! :) It's more unfortunate that a few bad apples in the past have made these laws necessary in the first place. Asking someone about their life is hardly a crime, but our governments seem to have no problem making it so. Score another point against a good employer / employee relationship. Seconded. Xfce provides the best of both worlds, although I tend to stick to the normal one for most things. It's quicker and lighter than Gnome, while being clean and simple, and doesn't look like an odd attempt at "Windows XP 2" like KDE. You can guess someone's age within a few years at an interview if you wanted to discriminate, so blocking a mention of age is naive. You could also work it out in most cases from the dates given on the resume (unless it becomes illegal to learn about a candidate's education or work history - which wouldn't surprise me to be honest). You could see what neighborhood someone lives in because that will also be typically included on a resume too. Why would you hire someone who can't even put their street address on their resume? Sure, a street address doesn't have much significance to /most/ hiring decisions, although if you knew a candidate would have a 100 mile commute each day, choosing someone who lived around the corner would make a lot of sense if the job required call-out or easy access to the office. And so it goes. You'll see someone's race at interview. You can probably even figure out if someone's married (presence of a ring). It seems crazy to make it illegal to ask these questions. Instead, it should be law that it's optional for the candidate to ANSWER them. It's a little over a year since Kathy Sierra stopped blogging. Shame. If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end If anyone wants to turn that user data into a CSV of username,age,karma, run this Ruby script in the folder with all the HTML files in it: Dir['*.html'].each do |user_file| user_data = File.read(user_file) user_name = user_file.chomp('.html') age = user_data[/created: (\d+)/, 1] karma = user_data[/karma: ([\d\-]+)/, 1] puts "#{user_name},#{age},#{karma}" end Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 iamelgringo 419 3702 8 ivankirigin 281 2486 8 luccastera 258 2201 8 moog 49 436 8 sant0sk1 35 310 8 9oliYQjP 4 35 8 ertra 3 24 8 davidw 429 3400 7 terpua 302 2212 7 kirubakaran 248 1982 7 nreece 257 1961 7 pchristensen 161 1210 7 thorax 92 667 7 gongfudoi 52 388 7 Once you've done that, you can load it into Excel (or Numbers, or whatever) and play with sorting it, adding formulas, and what not. Only semi-interesting one I found was this: Top users by "karma earned per day of membership": Username Age Karma K/A ------------------------------------ dhh 1 48 48 pg 563 17544 31 oldgregg 3 87 29 nickb 429 11672 27 donw 3 52 17 pius 210 2803 13 edw519 428 5316 12 rms 427 5017 11 drm237 271 2851 10 hhm 246 2475 10 keating 10 103 10 sah 42 411 9 freax 5 45 9 further08 2 19 9 The ones who got their karma very quickly are the interesting ones to check out. If more than a few people with print design experience would say that the leading in his PDF is good, I'll eat my hat. Admittedly, the document is good; the leading is poor. The current situation has occurred because it makes economic sense. Parking attendants and sports store attendants don't require many skills (since they have computers, automated cash registers or other staff to call upon), so they're cheap. Workers in grunt-level jobs will, in the majority of cases (though not all!), do as much work as is necessary to keep their job. It makes economic sense. Some people ARE naturally friendly or gregarious even at minimum wage and we've all bumped into a few friendly McDonald's servers here and there, but people like these are rare in areas where their pay is low and their costs are high. It makes sense, then, that people earning a pittance in New York City - one of the most expensive places on earth - are going to be, on average, surly and not very Mary Poppins-esque in their behavior. If the city of New York or the sports store wants customers to get a better service from their employees (which they generally don't), they need to pay more money and give them incentives. As it is, companies tend to give the employees incentive to be MORE unfriendly, whether by incentives to issue more tickets or with store policies that prevent staff helping customers to their full extent. I guess what you say might be generally true for public facing staff, although I still think friendliness (or fake friendless) can appear when incentivized or required. Examples would be the hotel industry, sales (think prestige car dealerships), and any low-demand hospitality industry generally. This effect is particularly true amongst the self employed who generally want to keep your business. My dentist, for example, is friendly, otherwise he knows I'll go elsewhere. My doctor, however, is not, but he's state-employed so doesn't care whether I stay or not. A 5 or 6 letter domain name isn't necessarily significantly better than a, say, 7 or 8 letter domain name. twitter.com is much better than twtr.com or similar. The trick nowadays, unless you want some unpronounceable nonsense, is to conjoin two words in some way. Let's assume your site's main topic / product / quality is "widgets." You could go with things like: gowidgets, widgetstoday, hotwidgets, redwidgets, widgetman, widgetway, widgetinside, widgetwise.. you'll find a significant amount of domains with this technique that are free to register. It does take a lot of thinking and testing to find something that's good though! You can't just join anything. Seconded. BustAName has proven very useful for me, especially in terms of coming up with word combos. http://sky.fm/ has about 40 genre specific channels with no commercials or DJs. There's an ambient channel (part of di.fm, I think) but also slow piano, classical, trance, and all sorts of things to suit your taste. I think we need to look a step back. Africa can barely produce a Ford or a General Electric! That said, there has been speculation lately that Africa might well be able to leapfrog over a lot of industrial development and jump straight to developing a knowledge economy, but with the cultural and political issues (and "issues" is an understatement) African countries have with (and within) each other, this seems overly positive for the short term. That's the job of branding. Microsoft, Slashdot, Burger King, Coca Cola, TechCrunch, General Motors, Morgan Stanley and Mercedes Benz aren't particularly forgettable (even though Microsoft is about as generic as it gets!) I'm not sure there are significantly more successful single word brands than longer named brands, although it certainly seems to be true online. Tellingly, though, they're now based in London! But, yes, South Africa can provide some counterexamples. You have essentially stated the facts I could use to support my somewhat cynical "tellingly." Africa is not going to be an economic world power until it has the ability to trade within itself to the extent that, say, Europe was 50 years ago. That a successful South African country has chosen to base itself (not just list) in Europe seems like a statement on Africa's commercial climate to me. In any case, I am willing to defer to those more knowledgeable about African economics in this thread :) I thought this post was satire until about 75% of the way down.. That said, his point about installing programs is spot on for people from the Windows world. It makes sense in a UNIX-y way, but it's totally counterintuitive if you've come from Windows. I found it odd the first time, then grew to love it. The quote in his signature is very prescient: "It's easier to invent the future than to predict it." -- Alan Kay Package management is modern UNIX-y. I'm talking about the process where you download a single file that contains an application (a disk image or a tarball, say) then perform a process to install the app (dragging or "./configure && make && install"). These OS X / UNIX techniques compared to Windows' "download an EXECUTABLE that does all the installation for you" is like night and day. My favorite: "Focus on those things you do better than others." After years of doing "okay" at things I don't particularly shine at, I'm coming to realize that the above advice could really yield dividends. Some great answers here, and mine is not going to be an answer to you specifically, but might open some minds nonetheless. I try to invest in "myself." Rather than supporting those producing, innovating, and providing value to the economy, I try to be a producer, innovator, and value provider myself. This attitude works well in your 20s, at least, but might not seem so alluring when closer to retirement. It is not uncommon, however, to see or hear about situations where someone has started a business with a reasonably small amount of money ( Humanity would not be as advanced as it is if people worked in the way you suggest. We wouldn't have landed on the moon, made it to the South Pole and, I suspect, have barely made it out of the cave.. I was talking, like you, about personal decisions. Admittedly I should probably have used "thought" rather than "worked" in my last line, as it perhaps implied working in a corporation limits risk, which isn't true. You said "I'm saying that when you leave the job you hate, you should consider options other than the one least likely to succeed." You are talking about a personal decision. My comment was about why people do not rely entirely on logic for personal decisions (and why they shouldn't), not about the contribution of corporations to society. >Studies of schoolchildren who read in varying alphabets and characters suggest that those who are dyslexic in one language, say Chinese or English, may not be in another, such as Italian. Italian and English use the same alphabet (mostly). Studies into this topic have already shown that the difference in prevalence of dyslexia between Italy and English-speaking countries rests in a lack of phonetic conformity in the English language and a strong phonetic conformity in Italian (that is, letters in Italian have fewer phonetic variants). This post gives a powerful lesson. Try to have a direct experience of being the recipient of the sort of messages you want to send. It's a bit like "thinking like a user" when testing your product (although you should have real testers too!) .. you also need to know how to "think like a journalist" when pitching journalists unless you have a PR guru on retainer to do it for you. In recent years, many of her graduate students have gone to work at Google. However she tries to persuade undergraduates to stay in academia and not rush off to become software engineers at start-up companies. She acknowledges that the allure of Silicon Valley riches can be seductive. “My husband still berates me for not having jumped on the Google bandwagon at the beginning,” she said. Still, she insists she does not regret her decision to stay in academia. “I like the freedom to explore the things I care about,” she said. It worries me how many people do take the easy option of heading off to "chair warmer" jobs at places like Google rather than work in lower-paid, but ultimately more rewarding, academic and research jobs. What's even more odd is how few people when exposed to the commercial world actually return to the academic world. There's a lot of work to be done in the fields of computer science and computer engineering, and a lot of the people who could be making the breakthroughs are instead chasing the dollar. We can't blame them, but instead perhaps we should be looking for ways to ensure the cream of the crop have, at least, an appealing alternative in doing research. Is there anything that Why The Lucky Stiff touches that doesn't turn to gold? He should surely be called the Midas of the Web. It's a cute headline, but the toilet seat is a weird, but common, target for cleanliness comparisons. The Daily Mail have done this before by stating the average kitchen worktop is no cleaner than a toilet seat: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.htm... The fact is, toilet seats are cleaned regularly (at least every few weeks even in the most shoddy of households, I'd hope - but usually at least once a week) whereas keyboards are not. Most people's buttocks don't harbor germs either. It's not as if people defecate on the seat or rub their anus directly on it, whereas sweaty, dirty fingers can infect a keyboard in no time. The toilet seat, therefore, is a weird comparison. At least compare the keyboard to a bath sponge, a washing up cloth, or something similar that's almost certainly going to harbor germs. Interesting statistics. I'm actually surprised how few PhDs there are each year compared to what I'd have estimated. Public transport is, however, very expensive, even in Europe. I can drive the 300 round trip to London and back from my house in England FAR cheaper than the train (£40 of gas versus £50 train ticket - if two of us go, that's £40 of gas versus £100 in tickets - not even counting the cost of getting to a train station). Sure, I could take the coach which would be marginally cheaper than driving (not by much), but it takes 7 hours to get there rather than the 3.5 in the car. Innovation in any niche could, ultimately, propel forward an entire branch of science. Few people used or heard of scientists or innovators who went on to break significant barriers. Let's hope Why is the same :) Thirded. I would also recommend Economics for Dummies. Sure, it's a "For Dummies" book but it actually goes into quite a bit of detail and gives good visual / graph based explanations for things that Sowell covers more verbally. With the title of this I assumed Randy had died. In case anyone else jumps to that conclusion before reading the piece, he hasn't (as of yet). It's a sad story, but ultimately an inspiring one. There's a Diane Sawyer ABC Special from April here: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=265263428002185148 Good advice, but very American-centric. Being overly friendly and outgoing does not fly with a significant percentage of Europeans, I've found, whereas these sorts of things work great in America (probably why I'd rather live there, but well..) For example, rubygems (probably my least favorite ruby software of all time) basically require that you always try to load them, because their design stupidly requires that you know whether a given piece of software is installed via rubygems or some other mechanism. Nearly all libraries nowadays are installed via RubyGems. For most of its life, RubyGems has been the "de facto" way to install libraries, but not the 100% officially-sanctioned route. As such, it's necessary to require RubyGems in first, then the libraries you want to load. This takes all of 10 seconds to learn. The poster has missed the point somewhat when it comes to the use of vendor. "vendor" is used in situations where you have to remain fixed to a certain version of a certain library AND you're not 100% confident that your deployment environment will have that version of the library installed. In this way, it's a better solution than just praying the remote server has a certain library installed or ending up with a script that fails on the library version assertion, as with Perl. Overusing vendor is, however, a lazy way of doing things, and the sloppy programmers this guy has spoken to do not represent the community as a whole. From the comments: To me, this is one of the really big things that defines Perl as a mature language community: Perl people don't do this nonsense. There's no "vendor," and you're looked at like you're out of your mind if you distribute copies of other people's modules with yours instead of declaring versioned dependencies in your Makefile.PL. (Good) Ruby people don't do this nonsense either. RubyGems supports you specifying the gem name and required version (or required minimum version) in a similar, or better, way than Perl. This is an over-rated post telling us about a problem that only exists in the ignorant. It's cut from the same cloth as all the misinformed "Twitter's Dropping Rails!" posts and I'd expect better from the voters on HN. Remember that you cannot get eight billable hours out of an eight hour day. You can (and do) if you go on-site, and you can if you actually work eight hours for a single client in any capacity. You can't bill for doing your office paperwork, promotion, eating lunch and such, but that's not part of an 8 hour "work" day (like your commute isn't part of your work day either). I bill at $800 a day in the Ruby space. It's not that often though, because I'd rather work on my own stuff than other people's! From my experience, this is not on the high side, though perhaps slightly above average. That is very true. However, I would suggest that anyone in that position would not include this necessary legwork within their "eight hours a day." If you have several hours of non billable maintenance to do, it should not be a central part of your work day, which should be entirely billable.