I’m sorry if that takes money out of retailers pockets, but I really do think that the talented people who sweat blood making these games deserve the money more than people who only know how to push people to buy used instead of new. Then the developers should just charge more up front. I only buy used (or deeply discounted) games because $60 is just too much to spend. If they make it where I still have to spend close to $60 even on a new or discounted game I just won't buy anymore games. Wow, so it's been so long since I've had a 'programming' test I had to go look up the FizzBuzz test. A first year compsci student should be able to whip up a solution in minutes. I can't believe that people try for programming jobs and fail FizzBuzz. First read "How To Win Friends and Influence People." If you apply the rules in the book and are at least an average looking guy you should not have any problems finding dates. Add in some gym time and some pop culture into your daily RSS feeds and you're all set. When you find a girl you like, slowly introduce your geek side. She'll think it's cute. Plus, nowadays everyone uses computers in one way or another so any geek tendencies are not going to be that big of a stretch to understand. Really, it's not that hard. "The system must be completed tomorrow." There are so many things wrong in this post I'm not sure where to start. First, 5 reps is fine sometimes. Look up periodization. The body adapts quickly so while 5 sets of 5 might work for a few weeks you eventually need to change it up. Plus your joints, tendons and ligaments get tired always lifting heavy. Cardio has nothing to do with 'toning.' The old saying is 'abs are made in the kitchen not in the gym.' If you want to look tone (horrible term but we'll go with it) you need to have some muscle and then remove the fat from over top of it. The easiest way to remove fat is the cut calories. You can burn calories through exercise, but not nearly as much as people think. Dips and pullups is nothing close to enough for a well rounded workout. If you want to do a workout without a gym Google bodyweight training. If you have access to a gym then look at the books 'Starting Strength' or 'New Rules of Lifting.' Both are good books by excellent authors and give you plenty of workout plans. With either, expect to spend about an hour in the gym 3 times per week. Have you actually lifted heavy for any amount of time? If you have you'll know that you need times where you let your tendons and ligaments rest. Your joints will thank you too. Muscles recover much faster than your connecting tissues (and your CNS for that matter). Look at something like the 5/3/1 workout. It's set up in a manner that you can do it indefinitely because it has built in periodization. For 3 weeks you work up to near maximal weights then a 4th week of deload. This 4th weeks gives everything else (again - connector tissue, CNS) a chance to fully recover. A complete program is not necessarily complicated. Running is NOT a replacement exercise for a squat and DL variation. Adding a weighted vest is much different than adding ankle or wrist weights. I would advise against ever adding weights to your ankles or wrists while doing cardio. In that scenario your legs and arms are acting like big levers and even light weight can wreck havoc with your mechanics that in turn can lead to injuries. The body just wasn't designed to operate in that manner. While not exactly the same issue look up 'open chain' versus 'closed chain' exercises. The Metalab guys should be happy about all the free press they are now getting. Not saying that Metalab did this, but I wonder if there is a PR lesson here. Anonymously upload your companies design to a popular FOSS project and then pretend to be all dejected when you 'find out'. Air your grievance publicly and boom, instant PR! It's not neccessarily sociopathy, but points to a lesson the be aware of who you hang around with. I heard a stat last year that said that most people make within +-10% of their 5 closest friends salaries. It makes sense when you think about it. If you're hanging out with people who work dead end jobs and simply get blasted every weekend your most likely going to be doing similar things. Likewise, if you hang out with people are always coming with ideas for companies and following through you'll likely be doing same thing. “Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.” -Howard Aiken I agree that Apples reasoning for charging for the Touch updates sounds shady, but you're comparing a touch (NOT a phone) to a nexus one which is a phone. If you compare it to the iPhone the updates are included. Did you really buy a Nexus ONE to replace your touch and don't use the phone portion of the Nexus? Looking at random pictures on the chat roulette map is pretty disturbing lol. I wonder if these people knew a) they were being tracked and b) they picture was being saved would they have still done what they did? "Google did spend a lot of dough trying to roll this out." Where exactly did Google spend all this money? I see DRIOD and iPhone commercials nightly and have yet to see Nexus One commercial. I also don't see any Nexus One advertising in stores or anywhere else a typical consumer might go looking for a phone. Google did some web advertising and had some business news sites cover the phone because well they are Google. I have yet to see any sort of advertising from them that even comes close to the iPhone or DROID (which incidentally has also done very well). Totally agree! Mercury and other heavy metals make it potentially dangerous to eat much fish anymore. I think what your stats and the comment you replied to is showing is that America has gotten better, but there is a growing class divide between the haves and the have nots. I'm not talking about the super rich or the wall street guys, but by and large the knowledge/new economy/professional workers and then everyone else. I believe most(all?) people on HN would by default be in the haves. They are educated and understand what it takes today to be successful. They may be broke, but rarely poor. Then there is a large group of people who are not only uneducated in these matters, but they are also poor and have no means or understanding on how to change their situation. The problem is that the gap between the two groups is growing larger and larger. How we get those on the have not side to make the jump is a growing challenge. * I was the computer science grad student of the year back when I was in grad school * I am a member of Upsilon Pi Epsilon http://upe.acm.org/ * I've been to Tokyo and competed in the web service composition challenge * I have climbed 2 out of Colorados 53 14ers so far. My goal is all 53 in CO and then the North American continent. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteener * I have surfed big waves in Costa Rica When I was young my dad told me "never quit your job until you have another one lined up." I think that advice still holds, but I will expand it some. Get some side work lined up or something, but don't just quit without a plan. That's going to put you in a pinch and you might have to take another, even worse job because you need money. When I've worked jobs or had lulls in jobs where I was working below my level it always led me to create new projects at home on my own time. These projects kept me learning, stimulated my desire to solve problems, and some have made me a bit of side money. Sadly none have yet taken off to the point where I work on them permanently. I have an app (nowhere near top ranking tho) and I agree with you for the most part. My first submission took 2 days and any updates have taken less than 24 hours. One took less than 6 hours for them to turn it around and get it on the app store. My only issue with the app store now is the returns. I have had 1 return and all I got from Apple was the form letter that if you have a lot of returns it might be a quality issue. What I would like to see is at least the questionnaire the customer fills out in order for Apple to grant the return. At least this way I can know if it's some sort of serious problem or just someone who made a purchase by mistake. I think developers need to treat math like any other framework - continue practicing. When I was an undergrad and then a graduate student I was always doing math. Now that I work in the business world, not so much (although I do use my statistical analysis skills often). My math skills have degrade some because of it. As an aside, the picture at the end of the article gave me flashbacks to when I tore my ACL doing backrolls on the wakeboard...ouch! I think the point of the "either works or it doesn't" is a comparison versus analog. With an analog signal you could get slightly better results by getting better cables (or worse with worse cables). If you have a poor digital cable it flat out doesn't work. If the cable you're using works, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to make it work any better. Either the 1s and 0s made it from the source to the destination or they didn't. No one is claiming that there isn't engineering that needs to happen to make a digital signal reliably travel from the source to the receiver. You're confusing what I was saying. In an HDMI situation if you use a cheap cable and the picture and sound are fine, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to change anything. With HDMI in particular, if the cable is failing you'll know right away with either a poor picture or sound. It won't have the gradations that were possible when pushing an analog signal around - i.e. the picture looks could, but it could be sharper with a better cable. I'm not sure why you brought ethernet into the mix, but generally you're talking about much longer runs than HDMI and it's often not as easy to see when your are losing packets without specifically checking if you are dropping packets (IMHO poor network performance IS failing outright, but not as easily seen as a bunch of blocks on the TV). Even then, the cable you use is either delivering all the packets or it isn't (up to an acceptable level of errors/loss for the length you are running). Delivering a stronger 1/0 isn't going to change anything as long as it's strong enough for the receiver to differentiate. That's where it either works or it doesn't comes from. IMHO, seeing sparkles on the screen means 'does not work.' Hearing audio errors means does not work. When pushing a digital signal around if you have significant errors you'll know quickly at the receivers end if the cable is bad. If you hook up your cheap cable and don't notice any of these errors, getting a better cable isn't going to make the picture sharper or sound clearer like in the days of pushing analog signals around. I don't think the AMD way is necessarily the "right" way. What Apple needs to do is add more options. Make the options part of the power control applet. You should be able to have different settings based on plugged in/not plugged in, API usage, integrated/discrete always on/off, etc... IMHO, a combination of Apple's way and AMD's way is the right way. Drinks != music. Alcohol is known to slow reaction time and cognitive skills. Instead of substituting music with drinks how about wonder if doctors also listen to music while they work. When I was pre-med (prior to becoming compsci) I went and observed a few surgeries. The surgeons were some of the most focused, professional people I've ever met and they had music playing in the OR. Go figure. It's a tough question. The problem is that AAPL makes a lot of their money off hype/fad products (and don't flame me on this, they make some nice products, but the AAPL marketing machine is genius and could sell the Brooklyn Bridge right now). Not that this is a bad thing, but fads can change on a dime. Remember how cool the RAZR used to be? Rightly or wrongly AAPL is seen as a personal extension of SJs will. What happens when he leaves? AAPL has also just had a HUGE run up. I'm not saying it's going to drop anytime soon, but you don't want to be the last one on the train. AAPL makes premium products at premium prices. Has the overall market (jobs, financials, housing) really recovered enough that people in general are okay with spending again? Some statistics say no, but recent earnings say possibly. All these are questions you need to answer for yourself. I would be a little gun shy today (either buying or shorting) because I think there are easier/less risky investments to be in right now. I use win7 in a VM on OSX in order to do my day job. Prior to that I was using XP. I tried Vista, but resource wise it was horrible. Win7 stays out the way for the most part and it works - a lot like XP. Am I going to switch back? No, but you're right that for most users win7 is just fine. I have one even better. Comcast is actually a big group of companies split up by state. I was told multiple times that each state does not share data, accounting etc... I got to this point because when I moved from one state to another I had to close out my account in one state and open in another state. During the move I happened to accidentally double pay my final bill. Now, any reasonable company would just credit me my overpayment on my new service (in the same company right?). Nope, everyone kept telling me it was impossible. I'd either talk to someone from my old state or my new state, but neither could see any data from the other. After 3 months of this they mailed me a check. Just so happens my mailman is horrible (completely different story, but this happens all time) and somehow managed to tear the numbers on the bottom of the check so I couldn't deposit it ugh. Once again on the phone with comcast telling me I'd have to wait for them to cancel the check before mailing me a new one and still telling me it's impossible to credit the account. After 10 days I called back and the CSR acted like I had never called. So they started the process over again. This went on for over a month. Finally last month (nearly 7 months after the original overpayment) they CREDITED my new account! Something I was told over and over was completely impossible across states. EDIT I wanted to add that actual internet and cable service from comcast has been fine, and the people on the phone were generally nice. If it wasn't for the scalper though you probably wouldn't have even had the option to go it you had wanted to. MS has made many missteps, but I think with the Express versions of their development tools they are attempting to (and seem to be doing pretty well at it) migrate through a disruption in their developer tools and mindshare. Only time will tell if they were too late with the free tools. Well you could be pushing people to only be about themselves and their team and not the company as a whole. Why would I want to work with and help another team if it means I may move them above the 10% line and me below? So while you're right that it would push people to do their job well it could also push them to submarine others. Here is a good back and forth with Lustig and why his science could be suspect. http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/01/29/the-bitter-truth-ab... http://www.alanaragonblog.com/2010/02/19/a-retrospective-of-... There is no secret why people are fat. People are doing less exercise wise and eating more crap food wise. Trying to blame it on one trigger such as HFCS is clearly ignoring the big picture. I agree to avoid it with a web framework. It's just not worth the hassle in that sort of application. Where I still use it though is for reporting systems. Have your datasource output XML and then have an xsl for the web report and a xsl-fo for a printable PDF report. At the time I wrote the reporting system it was to replace Crystal which I found to be much more of a pita and more expensive. Always do it the right way? What way is the right way? The right way from an engineering standpoint or a business standpoint? In my experience the right engineering way and right business way are often at odds. My boss just says I'm 'developing under protest' in these situations. :) Haha so true. I spend 10 days in costa rica surfing and get by with just bringing a small back pack. Surfboards take up a bit of space tho ;) Finally. I've been wondering when all the people on Facebook would start wondering about their privacy. Hopefully facebook will see some backlash and have to stop making it harder and harder to remain private. I wonder if this is the opening for a new, more private social networking site? Exactly. It's best to assume everyone is biased and judge arguments on their merit and not on who is delivering it. I agree with you that right now it probably makes little sense for Apple to offer the service for free. A couple reasons that I see that they may change though are: 1) A slight jab at Google. Right now I have my mac address book, iPhone, and Google address book all syncing OTA. It was a bit of a PITA to setup, but works now. If Apple offered the same service for free I would most likely switch. 2) Making the service free could add another selling point for macs, iPhones, and iPads. A "buy this item and you also get into another exclusive club" type of thing. The problem with this reason is that Apple doesn't seem to need to do this right now since demand already seems quite high at the moment. My guess is that mobile me will not be free anytime soon unless Apple rolls out some new base technology that requires MM to function. Get a nice laptop. An iPad will not be enough for CS/EE degree. I would argue it's not enough for any degree, but that's off topic. Get an iPad later if you want to simply because it's a cool device that seems like a good ereader/entertainment system. My rationale is this. In undergrad and then graduate school many times I would sit with my laptop with the professor going over various problems. Impossible to do with an iPad. Many classes required X that wouldn't work on an iPad. For example, embedded systems required usb connection to the external HW device and then software support. Linux was required for many classes since the code is available to learn from. In the end my optimal solution was a 17" MBP with linux and windows VMs. The GPP sets up a strawman argument by saying that people are expecting EA to give their product away for free. No one is expecting that at all. To address your point, they are getting paid when someone buys and uses their product. Currently the $60 price tag includes usage of the game servers for a single person. If that person sells the game why should the new owner have to pay an additional cost? The old user is no longer using the servers and as far as EA is concerned their cost didn't change. In other industries it's theft? I've never bought a new car so all the used cars I've bought have been theft? What about used cars that still had original warranties intact? Should I be forced to buy a new warranty since I wasn't the original person who purchased it, even though it's tied to the car? Yeah, whether or not you agree with Hayek, he is obviously a smart guy who has no problem articulating where he stands on an issue. I wonder if it's a generational difference. My grand parents for example have no problem telling you what they think and their reasoning on why. Exactly. The effort required to meet insurance and then government regulations for a doctor or hospital to get paid is through the roof. I was at the doctor not long ago and noticed a sign at the desk that if you paid in full with cash or credit he would give you a price that was close to or below many people's rising co-pays. "There's some comfort in knowing that a non-profit agency is looking into the safety of a drug before it goes out to the public for consumption." You're kidding right? At least with a for profit corporation I know their motives. With a government agency I have no idea if they are returning a favor, taking money, or simply like the person. With that said, the FDA still requires a large profit motive since no one would spend the millions required to get approved unless they expected some return. I wonder how many possible working drugs for esoteric diseases are floating around that will never be released because of the expense of getting through the FDA. Just make it part of the science research grants they give out. I'm sure there are some scientists out there who love to work with venom and anti-venom :) That's the thing, I fully expect for-profits to accept bribes and would act accordingly. Assuming that the FDA is some high and mighty agency that only approves safe drugs is the problem. Because when you start talking about good revenue numbers you bring in competitors to the market. This advice is especially true in markets with very low barriers to entry like iPhone apps. Would it be easy to duplicate what maxklein is currently doing? Probably not, but $40k/month is going get some people to at least try and those people may end up being his competitors. I understand your point and agree with you. There was a movie not long ago that had just came to video. I checked the xbox and I couldn't rent it, only buy the SD version. So I check netflix steaming, not available. I check netflix movies and it's on a wait to rent. I can see why people go to P2P networks after I tried many ways to get the movie legally. I still haven't seen the movie since after all that I didn't feel like watching it then anyways. And don't even get me started on the impossible to skip commercials! I agree. I only do BJJ anymore, since really I'm too old to get punched in the face now :) I look at BJJ as a kinda of physical chess match. Every move has a counter and so on, with the question being can you execute it given how physically and mentally tired you might be at that moment. I try to focus my non-computer hobbies to things outside: -any board sport (surfing, snowboarding, wakeboarding) -high altitude hiking/mountaineering -outdoor photography http://picasaweb.google.com/michael.atwood/PublicPhotos# -weight lifting/power lifting -basketball Where are all these mythical talented engineers working as cashiers and waitresses?! Last time we hired I interviewed tons of people who frankly had zero clue about programming. We finally found a kid fresh out of school who is super smart, but barely takes showers. At least he gets work done though which makes my day easier and that's what counts ;) At worst a CompSci person should be able to go into government contracting. They are nearly always hiring, mostly require minimum schooling, and the pay is usually pretty good. There are some fields that usually require more than an undergrad degree to do much with them, but that's isn't anything new. Psychology is a great example, where you have to get an MS or PhD in order to go anywhere with it. If the student didn't realize that till graduation day, well that's their fault. You're assuming that intelligence somehow leads to employment and income. I believe intelligence is only one part of the total equation. IMHO, the larger and more substantial part of the equation is discipline and the ability to execute. This is HN, so look at all the startups that people do around here. Are they really that much more intelligent than everyone else on this list? I'm sure they're all smart people, but what they really have above others is the ability to execute. While the average american is watching American Idol they are working on their business idea. While the same american is playing video games or posting on HN ;) they are working their website. Obviously some level of intelligence is required, but I just don't think it's as important as many people believe it to be. Whoops, ignore me. I missed withOUT :) Sorry about that. Where is that story about how it's impossible to multitask again... I use Google as my offsite backup, so I would lose pretty much nothing except for my email address. That would be a pain. Best non-programming job I ever had was a waiter in a fine dining restaurant. I made great cash and met lots of interesting people. I also got eat very well and learned a lot about food and wine, something I still very much enjoy today. Also, keep in mind that fine dining is nothing like Outback or Applebees. I happened to be in college at the time, but many of my co-workers were people who waited tables on the side of their regular jobs. IIRC, one guy was a minister, another owned a catering business, and another was a teacher. Another big plus if you're not married is that you meet tons of girls :) I would think that any kind of analytics might fit your description. The problem is that you might end up tied to Excel. Another one might be some sort of civil engineering or any job where you need to physically build something. Also, any job that you have can require thinking if you want it to. Learn about the job and then think about you can do it better, faster, or cheaper. I agree. I replaced a SR MBP (2.4 C2D) with a new i7 and normal tasks really are that much faster. I had expected better performance, but was pleasantly surprised by how much the upgrade provided. It looks like they have room in the MB for an i3/5 and a separate Nvidia GPU since they have a 320M in the new one. The reasoning for the C2D in the 13" MBP though was that they didn't have room for both the i3/i5 and the Nvidia GPU so you'd be stuck with only the Intel IGP /shudder. Part of the blame I think needs to fall on Intel for making it so complicated to support other GPUs now. Honestly, what it sounds like you need is more RAM and/or an SSD. I recently upgraded to an i7 MBP just so I could get the 8GB of RAM. My last C2D MBP could only use 4GB. If it could have gone to 8GB I would have stuck with it and just added more RAM since that would have been the most cost/benefit way to improve performance with my usage (VMs for Windev, XCode for Apple dev, everything in between). Now that I have an i7, my next big performance changing upgrade will be an SSD. I'm just waiting for the next gen or maybe the next gen after that. Exactly. I put a majority of the blame on these companies that for some reason can't be bothered to check an ID. On the back of my debit and credit card I sign it with "Check ID" since the cashier is supposed to at minimum verify the signature. I've had cards stolen multiple times and have had them used before I could cancel them. So much for verifying the signature. This is why I think companies that incorrectly send you to collections or give credit to someone using your identity should not only be on the hook for the money they lost but also liable to the person they are forcing to clear their name. Years ago I rented at a crappy apartment complex. When I left their check out basically meant you always owed them ~$200. I paid and moved out of state. 6 months later I get a collections call saying I didn't pay the bill. I told them I paid it, she said it wasn't and said it was going on my report unless I paid that day. Luckily I paid by check and my bank (like all banks I guess now) keeps canceled checks online for pretty much ever. So now I had to go back 6 months and find this check then call the apartment then the collections agency, etc... A HUGE hassle and time waster for me all because the apartment complex employed incompetent people. The kicker was that the girl trying to collect from me said "people make mistakes and you can't blame them." Um, when I make a mistake and forget to pay a bill you guys jump all over me. You make a mistake and it's still my problem to solve. Obviously I don't expect them to do a point by point comparison of the signature, but they are supposed to at least make sure it's there. Writing 'Check ID' should get them to check my ID every time, but so few even look at the card. This is a funny prank where a guy went out trying to get people to actually look at the back of the card :) http://www.zug.com/pranks/credit_card/index2.html What did a full license of VS give you over just using the Express versions of the tools? From what I've seen unless you have a huge team and need the team features you could probably get by using the express versions. I do agree with that the SQL server licensing is a huge PITA and in your case you really didn't need all its ancillary features and instead just needed a simple, fast data store. The article was a great read. No, the worst thing is buying the car new . When you drive off the lot a car gets hit with immediate depreciation. The first year captures a lot more of that 30%. If you simply buy cars that are 1 year used you save a ton on the deprecation to the point where a 3-5 year loan at 6%ish never puts you underwater if you put a little money down. I don't know how it is in the EU, but in the US it makes very little sense to buy a new luxury car. Many people who like luxury cars also like owning the newest one. This means they lease and/or buy them and only keep them for 1-2 years. If you look in the used luxury car market you can find great deals. So great in fact that I'm amazed anyone buys one new, but that's what people like to spend their money on I guess. The general definition I use for 'underwater' is if I were forced to sell my car today would I get enough money for it to pay off the bank? Nowhere did I mention viewing a car as an investment. There is no rationalization. Of course it's more cost but there is also cost associated with reducing the amount of cash you have on hand. With that said, a car is the second biggest purchase most people make. It would be great if they all had the thousands of dollars to buy a reliable car with cash, but many don't. Personally the last car I bought was used and I got a 6% 5 year loan. I typically make double payments on cars so the loan is almost over less than 3 years in. I did the math the other day and accounting for interest I've done much better by buying the car on credit and leaving the rest of the money in my various investments. Over 2-3 years 6% isn't much to begin with so it's pretty easy to beat with other various investments. Where are you banking that your used car loan is 13%?! The one I have now is 6% and bank rate lists current used car loans for 48 months at 6.38%. You need to find a new bank :) I really hope you're not using dealer financing...ugh. I agree that buying a used car does take a bit of leg work. The last one I bought took me almost 3 months of looking. At the time I bought my last car the dealership wanted $33k for the base trim new. I bought the 1 year old version with 12k miles and higher trim level for 24k. The car was a 4-Runner, not exactly luxury, but a nice reliable car. I'm looking at Range Rovers now and the price difference between new and 1-3 years old is amazing. I also get a mechanic to check out any car before I buy it. Luckily I have multiple mechanics in my family. Oddly enough I have bought 1 new car in my life and it was the car that gave me the most problems. I had it in the shop every other week because of some computer/vapor exhaust issue. When I finally sold it, the engine light had been on for about 3 of the years I owned it. The mach3 is great. Other things I've noticed about cheap disposable razors is the blade spacing. When they put the blades too close together it's a PITA to rince the razor after each stroke. The Mach3 seems to be the perfect balance between the number of blades and the spacing. Look into the details of WIFI and/or cell technology sometime if you want to see something that's best not to know and just be glad it works ;) Obviously avoiding sugar is going to mean you consume less calories and thus likely to lose weight. Sugar is not on its own unhealthy though. Avoiding salt means you're avoiding tons of processed foods and drinks. I would bet that it's the avoidance of those foods that are making you healthier and not necessarily the salt. The thing that you're missing is that MSSQl is much more than just a database server. Now, I agree that if all you're trying to do is install the bare minimum RDBMS then IIS shouldn't be required. .Net though is always going to be required because you can write extended stored procedures in c# and have full access to the .Net object library (very cool btw). IIS is going to be required when installing parts of MSSQL like SSRS or MSAS since they can interact with client tools and users through IIS. Yeah, I was about to mention that MSSQL has had this 'feature' for years. I've used it a lot for retrieving organizational structures from the typical parent-child table structure. The best part of it, is that it is MUCH simpler than either trying to roll your own through cursors or dealing with it in whatever language outside the database. First off, great job! Working out really doesn't take that long. Most studies have shown that a typical non-steroid using weight training session only needs to last 45 minutes to an hour. After that time period, unless you consuming calories during the session the results you can get drop off dramatically from diminishing returns. I agree that the biggest hurdle with people going to a gym is the intimidation factor. I'm in the gym 4 times/week and love seeing people who start and keep going. I want to tell them how awesome it is that they are doing it, but am never sure if that's the right thing to do some stranger lol. If you can afford it the personal trainer is a great idea. The only problem is that many PTs plain out suck. I would try to do a session with one before committing to anything long term with a particular person. There are personality and knowledge factors that as a client you want to find out early. Your story is also very common and is why a friend of mine is opening a gym that will cater to people who need a PT and are generally intimidated about the process. Obviously it will be a smaller niche gym, but I think it will work out pretty well. At some point though you shouldn't want to lose anymore weight. Unless you start out really overweight, simply losing weight shouldn't be the goal anyways. Lowering BF% is a much better goal that reflects your overall body composition. I'm 6' 1" and almost 200lbs and weight wise I could be considered overweight, but my BF% was 11% the last time I had it checked and I've since gotten leaner. In short, don't get depressed about the scale. Look in the mirror and keep making body composition changes. The problem with machines and that most enforce 'bad' form. Every person has their own natural motion that a machine simply cannot match. The best way to learn a free weight exercise is to simply start doing it without any weight. Start squatting and dead lifting with just your body weight (use a broom handle to simulate the bar). Once you get that down start adding weight. There is a very little that a machine will do to help you with exercises like that and in fact it could end up enforcing bad habits. Ah, the dead lift. The single most effective exercise ever invented. I don't remember where I read it, but the quote goes like this: "A kid walked up to me in the gym while I was dead lifting and asked 'what muscle does that work.' I responded by asking the kid 'have you ever watched a football player run across the field and tackle the player with the ball?' The kid responded 'sure.' To that I said 'that muscle.'" I point and laugh at those guys :) Great advice! The 2 angles you generally want for a video are the front or back and the direct side angle. Luckily I haven't had to post and vids because I have a trainer friend who is very good at form and correction. He just adjusted a few things in my DLs and I'm closing in on 500lb DL again. I've tried sumos off and on, but I don't they are right for my body type. I have long arms and legs and I just get so much more leverage with the traditional DL. I do sumo holds though as accessory work to keep my glutes firing properly. And yea, the guy quarter squatting is generally a dumb ass. There are times to quarter squat, but for most people they should never need to. You picked a trainer the right way. If you know what you need to be pushed and motivated then look for that in a trainer. They each have their own styles and personalities just like anyone else. When it comes to random complements it's really me projecting my anti-social tendency while at the gym. I'm there for one reason and it's to work out. I put headphones and generally don't talk or interact with anyone the entire time I'm there. I guess if the opportunity presents itself I'll try and offer a complement in a non-creep way :) There is nothing wrong with yoga or pilates, but they are not a replacement for good old fashioned weight training. If you really enjoy yoga mix it in with weight workouts. Do weights a couple times a week and yoga a couple times week. Also, as someone else mentioned, don't be afraid of doing weights. The only way to gain weight and thus more muscle is by eating a surplus. So many women shy away from weights because they don't want to get 'bulky', when it's the food that makes you bulky not the training. I've worked in numerous jobs in the US and have never had to sign a contract. One tried to make me sign one of those 'anything you invent even on your own time is our property' documents and I told them no to which they said don't worry about it then. The company I work for now was acquired awhile back and the software I work on is one of the main reasons for acquisition. I fully expected them to try and present some contracts, but they didn't. Most likely they correctly thought that I wouldn't sign it without some increase in pay and benefits, and they didn't want to give me any additional money. I go back and forth on things like lol. It's hard to convey in writing when something should be take lightly or as a joke. Without the standard facial cues of smiling it's easy to take something the wrong way. And in general your heuristic is correct, but the gym is an odd place. I'm pretty social, but would prefer no one talk to me while working out. I'm usually so busy watching the clock and focusing on the task at hand that I don't want to seem rude to someone by having to eventually ignore them to finish my workout. You might be onto something. In my old city I used to go to an older gym with mainly people who wanted to workout and get strong. The bars had rust on them and the crowd was all very friendly, not big family friendly but they would all say hey when you showed up. My new gym is a big box gym. It's super nice, and I keep telling a friend of mine that really it's too nice. The people aren't very friendly, but I think that's because there are so many more people working out here that you rarely see the same person enough times to form any relationship. Plus, many people are there to just hang out and act like they are working out. One time I actually overheard a guy ask another guy for a spot and the guy told him no and then walked over to another bench and just sat down. I was stunned and in all my years of working out had never seen someone not help another when asked. Even in their most competitive days I couldn't imagine Arnold telling Lou no if he needed a spot. This has been my experience also. I have a friend who is a SVP at a very large company. She lives in one state while managing offices in 6 other states and 3 other countries. This means she is either working out of her house or traveling to the various offices. The only real requirement (and mainly to keep her sanity) is to live near a city with a major airport. SMS is it's own beast, but call minutes are already very cheap. I remember when 100 minutes was insanely expensive and now my only phone is a cell phone with enough minutes that I never think about it when I'm talking to someone. Carriers could compete on talk minute price, but they know that few people care. Those that do have already moved to something like Boost Mobile or one of the other low cost providers (most are owned by the big boys, so you could say they are already competing with lower prices just with a different brand). SMS messaging while a ripoff from a production cost standpoint is not all that bad from the consumer view. For $10-$15/month someone can do unlimited SMS. From a cost to communicate with anyone and everyone as often as someone likes standpoint that is a very cheap price. Also, people don't really care enough to move providers in order to save $5 when they would rather have either coverage, service or a certain phone. Are the carrier prices really artificially high? I will say they have some wiggle room, but they are walking a fine line of price they need to charge in order to build out the network across the entire US with the lastest tech and still somehow turn a little profit at the end of the day. Net Profit Margin for the 1Q of this year: VZ - 8.49% T - 8.36% S - (10.7%) Not exactly price gouging numbers above. I have no problem with charging for usage, but what I want is a flat rate per GB. Simply charge me $6/GB (rounded up is fine) and I would consider that fair for wireless network access. Of course the companies will never do this because I would only end up paying $6/month instead of the $25. I know ATT did their math and realized that most users are just above their lowest plan, but way below their highest plan. The goal is to push people into the higher plan and hope they use nowhere near that amount. You could always check out moissanite. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moissanite Someone would have to really study the ring to realize it wasn't diamond. Plus it first came from meteorites which puts it high on the geek scale ;) You shouldn't feel uneasy about quitting within 90 days. Most employes have the 90 day provision to fire you if you don't work out, so just use the same logic. I agree. I don't each fast food much at all, but the only craving I get is for McDs fries. When they are done right they very tasty regardless of how unhealthy they might be :) 50s best business move was hooking up with Vitamin water early on. He advertised for them and in return got stock options instead of cash. Vitamin water was eventually bought out by one of the big drink makers and 50 made out with ~100M. I got an iPhone 4 today and even in weak signal areas where I have less than 5 bars I can barely get it to drop another bar (it'll bounce up and down in my testing). I thought on day 1 this whole fiasco might have been a manufacturing defect in the first batch phones, and my experience seems to add some support to my theory To those with a phone that goes from 5 bars to no signal, simply call it defective and exchange it. There is a difference between shipping some defective units and shipping a defective design. Some defective units are expected because it happens. Like the other person who replied to your post, I can't imagine an engineering group putting the antenna on the outside and not testing it. I believe it's an issue. I'm also starting to think it's a manufacturing problem that primarily effects first or second shipment phones. I just got my iphone yesterday and cannot replicate the problem. I thought maybe I was in a good signal area so today I went to an area where I know signal is poor. When not in my hand the phone sat at 3 bars. If I touched the spot I could get it to bounce around from 2-3-4 bars. Never once did it go to no signal. Also, no matter what hand I hold the phone in my particular grip doesn't naturally touch the spot. A friend of mine who also just got his phone has has the same experience as I have. No real issue. Another friend who received his phone on launch day can touch the spot and go from 5 bars to no signal in minutes. The only commonality between the 2 phones that appear to have no problem is that they were bought at best buy from a very recent shipment. The phone with the problem was bought from Apple and received on launch day. IMHO, the biggest problem with the whole situation is how Apple has handled it. Clearly some people have issues, but Apple being Apple has been arrogant about the whole ordeal. This is one time where a little communication would go a long ways. I'm going to guess they still aren't sure of the exact problem and that's why they have been totally quiet on the issue (other than SJs typical quips). Also, the whole design defect thing needs to have some logic enter the equation. Do people really think that the phone went through an entire hardware design cycle and a group of engineers never thought to test of the phone was held? Even the worst developers I've worked with and managed do better testing than that. I think it's much more likely that there is/was either an issue with software and/or manufacturing. I was front row at one of her matches. Her reputation will always be fine with me ;) You keep saying this like it's news. Any platform, and not just mobile, is going to end up with winners and a long tail of losers or those that are not as successful. The current iPhone sdk and app store gives the lone developer a decent chance at making something that is successful though. Apple doesn't advertise the fact that they do keep a list of your purchases. If you call them you should be able to get them to let you re-download all the content you have bought through ITMS. IMHO, Apple should be putting a feature like this front and center, but my guess is that the labels are against it. Who else wants you to buy the same song first on vinyl, then tape, then CD, then digital, then... I agree with you, now if only the movie studios got on board. The day a movie comes out on DVD it should also be available to rent through every digital service out there including Netflix. I wondered the same thing awhile back, although the word 'evil' isn't something I would attribute to a game like Farmville. See my blog post on the issue, "Are Social Obligation Game Psychological Malware?" http://www.thepensiveprogrammer.com/2010/05/are-social-oblig... Google needs to be concerned about Apple, but FB threatens their main revenue stream. As more and more people get on FB and put all their information on FB, those same people have less incentive to go to Google to do any searching and instead will just search FB. It's interesting how the internet exploded and had content popping up all over the place and now the content has ended up self aggregating to a few sites like FB and youtube. I don't believe so. That term has been used for years prior to 2000 in competitive offshore fishing. Interesting thoughts. I had an acquaintance years ago who did a type of HFT. He built and ran a team of people for 5 years or so before 'retiring' with his FU money and traveling the world. With respect to your news about a CEO, what he told me is that any stocks that had news or upcoming news were simply pulled off the table from trading. I always thought that there could be some value in parsing and understanding news, but from his standpoint it simply took too long. His other point is why deal with other variables when you don't have to. Find low news stocks and you find something that is more easily predictable. That leads me to the next point he made, time. I asked him about using exotic analysis techniques and again he said most of their algos were variations of regression testing. Now, he didn't go into how they figured out the variables in their regressions, but he said the reason they stuck with those variations is because they were fast and they allowed them make decisions quickly before the window of profit closed. Last I heard he retired at 30 traveled the world with his wife got bored and now runs a hedge fund. I don't know if how he was doing it 10 years ago would apply to today. Yeah, he learned the hard way that you can't expect to compete in the pros without pro level access. The thing is though that the pros are dealing with ms or seconds when he should have been looking at things outside their range like minutes or hours or possibly even days. The currency market is even more cut throat (hey, insider trading is encouraged! :) ), but I have a friend who works with a single other guy managing about 10M leveraged out close to 100M. All they do is trade currency. On a typical day they make 1-2 trades for their clients and the rest of the time play golf and hang out. Pretty much the ideal job :) They got started years ago while in grad school by writing an algo to analyze currencies. After showing it worked they rounded up a bit of funding and have gone on from there. Ever since then they have just honed and tweaked the algorithm and both make a good living off the commissions from working a couple hours/day.