The article is mostly about the Ruby bindings, but Tokyo Cabinet is written in C99 and has bindings for most of the usual suspects. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html This looks like a good Hash and BTree implementation. It's done in C99 with bindings for many other languages. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html Benchmarks comparing to (among others) BerkeleyDB, TDB, and NDBM are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/benchmark.pdf Which of the activities would be illegal? The article concludes that while these activities may be unsavory, they probably aren't illegal: "So is it legal for Yelp to do all this? Probably, according to Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney at the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation." For reference, I'm a Bay Area business owner with positive reviews on Yelp. I recently received solicitations for advertising, and noticed that our most negative review (non-recent, low votes) appeared to have been moved to the top of the list just prior to the advertising pitch. The sales agent was asked about this, and responded: "The review algorithm has a number of interesting caveats in it. Some of which are best match and relevancy issues." We did not receive promises of special treatment or the repositioning of this review, but I felt this was implied. While I don't feel that Yelp was acting illegally, I lost a lot of faith in their business practices as a result. I did not participate in this article, but I believe it is accurately reported. For what it's worth, that negative review (which was from a customer with a legitimate complaint) is now back in a more neutral location, without any further action on our part. Perhaps (and I hope) this was a few rogue employees on the sales team, and the company has now cleaned up its act. I have one of the new packages in front of me (bought by a friend), and I have to say that there is not a single thing that I like about it. It's hard to read (text is sideways), vacuous ("Drink in the spirit of the morning"), and the juice pictured looks sickly and pale. The most readable text, and hence the part my eye is drawn to, reads "Some Pulp". At best, it looks like a weak imitation of a high-end store brand. I'm left with two questions: First, why would Tropicana choose to change their existing strong brand to this, rather than launching this as a side-brand under a new name and testing the market? To my limited knowledge, there are probably the strongest brand in orange juice in the US. I don't see why they would take this risk. Second, it sounds like many people here and elsewhere actively like the new look. Others, such as me, do not. I have to presume that I'm in the minority, otherwise the consumer resistance would have turned up during Tropicana's user testing. Any ideas on why what underlies the divide between the presumed majority who like the new design and the curmedgeonly minority such as myself? > I'm not so sure of your policework on mmap() vs. read() Scott's conclusions agree with my experiences very well: if you design around mmap(), and let the system handle the caching, you can end up with something several times faster than the traditional alternatives. This isn't to say that your criticisms are completely wrong, just that they don't match up with the actual testing. * "extra copies" [are cheap] True, but the real cost is the greater memory footprint. Less application buffering means more room for cached pages. And this cache is transparent across multiple processes. * extra page faults I think the opposite turns out to be true. Letting the system handle the buffering results in more cache hits, since the memory is used more efficiently. * blow your TLB Theoretically a problem, but in practice one doesn't linearly access the entire file. The beauty of mmap() is that it allows for brilliantly efficient non-sequential access. * B-trees vs C++ containers While it's true that you have to think closely about the memory layout of your containers, if you do so the access patterns can be even better than a B-Tree. If the container has been designed for efficient memory-access with regard to cache-lines and cache-sizes, it tends to have great disk-access as well. What's really beautiful about the mmap() approach is the simplicity it offers. In this model, RAM can be viewed as a 16 Gig L4 cache, and disk as a multi-Terabyte L5. Just as one currently writes code that doesn't distinguish between a fetch from L1 and a fetch from main memory, mmap() allows extending this syntax all the way to a fetch from disk. Now, this doesn't mean that one can just substitute mmap() for fread() and get any significant improvement. One needs to re-optimize the data structures as well. But the nice part is that these techniques are the same techniques used to optimize existing cache accesses, and certain 'cache-oblivious' algorithms already work out of the box. Anyway, thanks to Scott for the writeup! I went back and forth on whether use read() or fread() in my example, and I wasn't sure which to choose. For the purpose of this example, I don't think there is a functional difference between them. In current Linux, I'm pretty sure both of them use the same underlying page cache. fread() adds a small amount of management overhead, but read() does just as much system level buffering. mmap() uses the same cache, but just gives direct access to it. But it's possible I'm wrong, and I don't seem to be able to find a solid source for this online. This page references this, though: http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/post/page-cache-the-affair-b... I feel like I've read other more explicit descriptions, although possibly offline. Thanks for encouraging me to look at this closer. I was testing with this: http://pastie.org/402890 I was having trouble comparing results, so I combined your two into one, tried to make the cases more parallel, took out the alarm() stuff, and just ran it under oprofile. My conclusions were that for cases like this, where the file is small enough to remain in cache, there really isn't any difference between the performance of read() and mmap(). I didn't find any of 10x differences you found, found that the mmap() version ranged from twice as fast for small chunks to about equal for full pages. You might argue that I'm cheating a little bit, as I'm using memcpy() to extract from the mmap(). When I don't do this, the read() version often comes out up to 10% faster. But I'm doing it so that the code in the loop can be more similar --- I presume that a buf[] can optimize better. I'd be interested to know how you constructed the case where read() was 10x faster than mmap(). This doesn't fit my mental model, and if it's straight up, I'd be interested in understanding what causes this. For example, even when I go to linear access, I only see read() being 5% faster. I'd be interested in knowing more about why it's unpopular. I'm a fan of mmap() because I like the way it can simplify my code, and so far I've been pleased with the speed as well. But if there are subtle downsides I'd love to be aware of them. My instinct was that mmap() isn't used much because it's relatively new, and because it's traditionally had poor support on Windows. I'm primarily a Linux user, but the best discussion I was able to find with a quick search was this exchange on freebsd-questions from several years ago: http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-questions/2004-Ju... Do you have know of any updated articles about it's performance tradeoffs? From the article: "In other words, option prices suggest that there is a very real chance of, dare I write it, another Great Depression." I thought that option prices were mathematically priced primarily on the volatility of the underlying stock or index, with the market makers taking no position on the direction of the price change one way or another. This would make the statement above equivalent to "the recent drop in the market shows that there is a risk of a much larger drop", which seems sort of obvious. Am I missing something deeper? "example #2 seems just fine, assuming rename() is atomic and a power failure would just leave the old contents in the file." Unfortunately, the 'bug' is that this does not happen. Instead, the truncate hits disk before the new data is written, so that a power loss leaves the file empty rather than merely out-of-date. This behaviour is different on ext4 than on ext3, hence it has only recently become an issue. To my untrained eye, regardless of what the POSIX standard 'allows', this is a bug that should be fixed. On the bright side, it looks like there are patches ready to be applied that will change the behaviour to match ext3, which is as you describe. If this happens, #2 would remain a relatively safe choice. "Another option: use mmap() and rewrite it in place, using ftruncate() if necessary to grow/shrink the file, and msync() to flush the changes." This is a fine option, but for the purpose of this bug I don't think there is any advantage over using stdio (with seeks if necessary) and calling fsync() after writing. It's a great technique, but functionally equivalent to just saying "avoid O_TRUNCATE". Unless you have some nifty way of upgrading from a copy-on-write map(MAP_PRIVATE) to something that gets atomically written to disk? Upvote for raising clear points, but at heart I think I disagree with your premises. Your thesis seems to be that by throwing more resources at the problem the vault could be made more secure. Likely true, but at what cost, both in hassle and money? You seem to be arguing for overengineering without considering the costs. Should the failsafes also have failsafes, should the backups have their own backups? And what if the additional security measures add additional risks? Take #4, "human patrols". Unless implemented very carefully, greater access for security personnel could well add more risk than benefit. I'm not even sure that one should argue that the vault failed from the point of view of the owners. It was designed well enough for them to do their daily business and such that they were able to obtain insurance on the contents. A vault doesn't have to be impregnable, only visibly difficult to steal from. I'm not quite proposing the exact situation that they had, but I am suggesting that adding more layers of physical security might not be the solution. And if indeed this was really a case of insurance fraud rather than a straight theft, perhaps the outcome was good for everyone except for the insurance company. To the extent that the vault was good enough for them to obtain insurance, the vault was good enough. To obtain better security, the motivation of the participants needs to be analyzed. Perhaps this is a problem best solved through obscurity, with two competing security teams installing two totally separate alarms systems, each standing to lose if their alarm is defeated. Or perhaps skip the alarms, and rely on threats of deadly force. But although any new insurer will properly demand the technological improvements illustrated here, it would be foolish to believe that technology alone will keep out a dedicated team of insiders with full access to the system. Real world security is not equivalent to public key encryption where security can be established by 'proof'. Ethically and scientifically, this seems stunning: a radio receiver is attached to a live beetle, with probes inserted capable of flight instruction. And these are inserted in a pupal phase, so as to not be visible in the adult. Why would one assume a random distribution of colors? With due respect for a well written article, my first impression is that the suggested approach misses the point. If a single machine will be able to handle the load of the combined queries, then yes, you should replicate instead of shard. But in this case, why shard at all? And what about the cases that actually require sharding, where your rate of queries and rate of updates don't allow you to run it all on a single machine? It's possible my view is skewed. I've been looking at this problem from the point of view of distributed full text search, where I don't see any possibility of centralization in the manner you suggest. Still, I find the solution of trying to handle this in the database API to be suspect. If you know that some information will never need to be joined, why not have two databases instead of splitting the tables? > It's probably a big reason why Google hasn't had a truly innovative design in a long time. I think I'm on the other side of this. In the past, I would have said that Google had the best designed interfaces on the Web. Lately, I find myself wishing there was a way to opt-out of their 'upgrades'. Most of my complaints are about their recent attempts to improve search results by automatically 'fixing' the queries I enter, but I'm guessing the border in question is the bold blue box surrounding the Gmail message list. I hate it. Presuming he was the one arguing for making it the way it is (visually bold but distracting and unnecessary), I would side strongly with those who wanted to actually test it on users instead of trusting his judgment. This is beautiful --- using home-made waterproof microphones and computer software to detect migrating songbirds. Here's a direct link to the microphone construction details: http://www.oldbird.org/mike_home.htm The directions are delightful, and include helpful hints such as which model number of Kmart flower pots work best for the purpose. This is a pretty sad exchange. Fog essentially says "I'd love to donate my code" and the glibc maintainers respond that they aren't that interested unless he can provide ready-to-apply patches. Then it comes up that the framework to do dynamic runtime checks doesn't really exist. Then there follows a terse exchange as to which mailing lists should or should not be used to discuss such matters. It looks like the discussion ended at that point. For reference, the author (Agner Fog) is the maintainer of one of the best sites on the web for assembly optimization. This sounds like a great project for a student or young programmer who wants to bridge the gap between Fog's expertise and the FSF's beaurocracy. If you are excited by fast code, this would be a way to make a difference in a hurry. I don't think I'm quite understanding your algorithm. When you say "choose left or right", do you mean to choose randomly between the branches with probability equal to the ratio of the weights of the trees? So that each sample requires log(n) random numbers before you reach a leaf? Or do you mean something else? Thanks for the insight. I wouldn't have noticed any similarity to the multiples of 1/19. Accepting this, though, is there a reason it would have been obvious to him that there was no smaller number? The first such number, by the way, does indeed have 18 digits. I got there by considering every final digit and figuring out how long the string needed to be before the final digit reoccurred with no carry. (edit: oops, just read your explanation below which pretty much answers this) "There are very few if any people who believe that it is impossible that global warming is not caused by man." Are you saying that nobody claims that the observed global warming could not be caused by natural causes, and thus the warming must have been caused by man? For if you are claiming this, I think you are wrong. There are definitely a few very influential people claiming that climate change can only have been caused by man: "Only anthropogenic forcing of climate, however, can explain the recent anomalous warming in the late 20th century." http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/pubs/jones2004/jones2004.html This is from the abstract of a paper co-authored by Michael Mann, the lead author of the IPCC report on climate change. Or am I misreading your negations as well? This article gives an argument I haven't seen before: legally available guns in the US crowd out illegal military weapons. The author offers evidence that fully automatic weapons are much more common in Mexico, where gun laws are stricter than the US. This seems like a parallel with drug legalization. If 'all' drugs are illegal, there is less of a differentiation between hard and soft drugs. Is this true, and if so does this apply to guns as well? It's not a troll. I'm a US hunter who is not particularly in favor of guns for personal protection. I've spent some time living close to Juarez, Chihuahua, which is a significantly more violent city than neighboring El Paso, Texas. I'm very interested in explanations of why this is the case, and have never seen this particular argument before. For me, this falls in the category "anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity" and "evidence of some interesting new phenomenon". Thus I disagree that it is inappropriate. Interestingly, I also found a guideline "Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site." As the quote by Mann is from a published scientific paper rather than an editorial page, I can only hope that the statement is believed by the authors. I disagree that it would be reasonable to make an unsupported political statement in this context, thus I assume belief. The IPCC AR4 statement on this matter (presumably written or at least approved by Mann) has this to say: "The observed widespread warming of the atmosphere and ocean, together with ice mass loss, support the conclusion that it is extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing and very likely that it is not due to known natural causes alone." p.39, http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr.pdf While there is an important difference between 'impossible' and 'extremely unlikely', I think a journalist or lay reader could reasonably conclude that the scientific consensus (as represented by the IPCC report) is that warming could only be caused by anthropegenic forces. Well, that's the question underlying the article. Consider the hypothetical case of a movie that is very controversial: all 1's or 5's. Even if your system can tell that a user is quite likely to fall in the '5' camp, the only safe prediction for a high variance movie is something close to the middle. Even if you are pretty sure the user would give this movie a 5, the squared error for the small chance of a 1 is enormous. But a rating close to the middle is never going to be chosen as a recommendation if the algorithm involves recommending the movies with the highest predicted scores. Instead, an RMSE based system is always going to prefer safe 4's over risky 5's. This doesn't mean that improved predictions can't yield improved recommendations, but I don't see truly great ones ever coming from a prediction based approach. Personally, I want a recommendation system that maximizes the percentage of recommendations that I would rate as 5's, and don't much care if the misses are 1's, 2's, or 3's. "I don't see ads for Morton's competitors that only go away if Morton's sends Yelp money." Actually, this seems to be exactly what Yelp does: Here's what advertisers receive, according to an e-mailed sales pitch that a local business owner sent to this newspaper. They can highlight a favorite review to appear at the top of the page about their business. They also show up first in search results for similar businesses in their region (for example "coffee" near "Alameda, CA"). Ads for that business appear on the page of local competitors, while competitors' ads do not appear on their page. http://www.eastbayexpress.com/gyrobase/yelp_and_the_business... I was recently researching DVD replication. I haven't ordered anything yet, but from a price perspective these two looked good. Both offer custom printing on the disk. http://www.newcyberian.com http://www.nationwidedisc.com/ I don't think you are remembering that case correctly. The animals are not being used as fertilizer. Instead, they are breaking through fences and contaminating the fields through defecation: http://www.capitalpress.info/main.asp?SectionID=94&SubSe... I don't understand your math. If the birth rate stays lower than replacement, and the average life span does not increase, at what point would the population stabilize? "you can also call the method with a name that will always work; $instance->Role::Name::method." I'm coming at this from a Perl and C background, but I'm not really understanding the fuss. It seems obvious that diddling with base classes is not scalable unless you have have some strong social conventions. But why do it at all? For those not fluent in Perl's syntax, Jonathan's suggestion is equivalent to "$instance->Package::method()", which is in turn equivalent to "method($instance) from within a given Package. This seems foolproof. No one's followed up on it, but at a glance I don't see any downsides to this approach. I may be illustrating my ignorance (and I'm definitely ignorant of Ruby syntax), but why is there such strong desire to have array->sum() instead of sum(array)? Or as a utility function Utility::sum(array)? And is there no equivalent in Ruby to array->Utility::sum()? Most programmers on this forum, especially those working open source, are opposed to software patents as currently implemented. They make it impossible to do anything non-trivial without running the risk of being sued for infringing what should probably be considered a basic technique. The musical analogy would be something like copyright of chord progressions, such that any time you released what you considered a new piece of music there was a small but real chance that you would be sued for an amount greater than your life's savings. Are you confident of your ability to convince a court that your strumming of GCDG is sufficiently original to be non-infringing? You mentioned in an earlier thread that you worked as a developer, so I presume you are familiar with these issues. Am I right that you 1) presume that you are legally shielded by your employer and 2) that you do not release the source to the code that you write? Yes, I am disagreeing with you, but probably over matters of implementation rather than of ideals. I'm pro-patents (and pro-royalties) to the extent to which granting a temporary monopoly benefits society as a whole. I do not believe that that one has an innate right to such a monopoly, rather that it is to the advantage of society to grant such a right to incentivize the production of something beneficial that would not otherwise be produced. I presume this is more or less your position as well. Where we likely disagree most is regarding term. The term for (non-software) patents seems almost reasonable, but I find it hard to believe that those 75 years after the life of the author (under US copyright) increases the production of great music. The 50 years from date of production for music under UK law seems more reasonable, but I'd guess that very little of the music I enjoy would suffer if this time was reduced sharply. I was wondering if requiring the creation of a "root level" URL on some domain might be a good substitute for real identity. Perhaps something like http://domain.com/hn.html , on any domain one has control over. A parallel would be Google's verification for its domain applications. Each domain would need to be unique per user. Many (most?) people here already have a domain that they control, and this seems like a reasonable hurdle for anyone posting to Hacker News to accomplish. Unlike credit card validation or the like, it's equally accessible for users from any country. And one doesn't even have to buy the domain, just come up with some way to make a file accessible on the root of some site. It's also a nod to history of the internet. Long ago, essentially in the predawn of time, Usenet started being filled with spam and low quality posts. The alt.hackers newsgroup came up an interesting solution: self-moderation. Users were required to figure out how to add an "Approved" header to their own posts. Thus perhaps the file could just read "Approved". :) We did this experiment for a college freshman physics lab. Indeed exciting to see gravity in action! It was a lab based course, and we did similar experiments for most of the other physical constants. I thought it was a great way to learn. I feel the same way you do about photos, but I fear that the study isn't quite as meaningless as you suspect. It's seems quite plausible that unwillingness to conform to social norms by faking a smile correlates to (lack of) success in marriage. > I'd be interested to hear if anyone actually knows something of what it takes to sell canned food. I recently had a friend who was starting a business selling 'canned' jars of BBQ sauce. At least here in California, the answer is that there wasn't a feasible way to do it legally in the commercial kitchen we were sharing. His solution was to outsource production to a large facility that was already certified for production. No hatred or malice, just a desire to maintain the comment quality here. I voted down your first comment because it seemed pedantic and ignorant of common British usage. Had yours not been the top comment in the thread, I probably would have ignored it. On the other hand, I voted up this parent question because I assume your question was genuine. I also would have voted up any insightful commentary on the actual settlement whether I agreed with it or not. This a good article about hacking a mostly submerged boats in difficult jungle conditions: 'When I asked Nimmich if he was impressed by their craftsmanship, he arched a brow and said: “You ever try to build something in your backyard? They’re building these in the jungles.' While I'm not pro-drug-trade, some of the legal tactics seem problematic: 'The Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction Assistance Act, which became law in October, now allows the United States to prosecute someone for merely being on board a semisub. ... Such a law does not exist in Colombia. But Colombia’s defense minister, Juan Manuel Santos, told me that one is in the works and could be enacted as early as June. He said the country is also looking to ban certain plastics used in semisub production.' Illegal to be on board a boat because of its design? Banning plastics because the might be used for submarine manufacture? This seems clumsy and parallel to laws regarding technology issues such as deCSS and file sharing. Thanks for finding that! Yes, the law as written seems quite reasonable. It's encouraging to find anti-drug laws that limit themselves to addressing a particular angle of particular problem. The illegal drugs are the ballast, so once they have been unloaded either the vessel with be radar visible or a substitute ballast would be needed. Since the ballast is basically in the crew quarters, you can't just use sea water. I'm sure they've run the cost/benefits here, and presumably judged the extra risks not worth the cost savings. Historically passwords have often been truncated at 8 bytes, so that if the first 8 characters are equal the password is equivalent. This might bite you if you always add on to the end of a long base password like this. Perhaps a variable prefix instead of a suffix? I think the title is fine. He's not suggesting that this new malloc is the one "to rule them all". It sounds like he hasn't even tried it yet. Instead, he's wishing that there was such a malloc: That’s the crazy thing about malloc implementations. They all claim to be awesome in every way. So the burning question is: is this better than what I’m using today? I don’t know, but I’d sure like to! I like the article, but I'm not sure that there needs to be a single winner. Different programs have different needs. Right now, I'd love to find a malloc that can work within shared mmap segments, sort of as described here: http://blog.directededge.com/2009/02/27/on-building-a-stupid... I've read the post, and I've skimmed the paper on which it is based. It's an interesting premise: if you know which census tract a person lives in, you can identify them down to about 1:1500; if you also know which census tract they work in, you can up your percentages to about 1:20. But I'm missing the threat. What's an example of where this particular knowledge (feel free to assume for sake of argument that the pair is actually unique) leads to either personal disaster or a chilling effect? I presume it exists, but I'm not seeing how it compares to something like showing your ID (with address) to use a credit card. I've been doing some home molding with High Impact Polystyrene (HIPS) and with clear PETG. The polystyrene is opaque, white, strong, and particularly easy to work with. It's also cheap (about $50 for a 1/8" 4'x8' sheet). Vacuum molding at home with an oven and a vacuum cleaner can produce surprisingly good results. Searching the web for "vacuum molding" or "vacuum forming" should turn up some decent tutorials. TAPPlastics.com is pretty good for small quantities (especially if you are near one of their stores), but others (like Interstate Plastics) have better prices on full sheets. TAP has HIPS at their store near me, although I don't see it listed on their web site. I'd go farther: don't try to read from memory at the same time that someone else is writing it. In the absence of explicit guarantees of atomicity, don't assume that any guarantees exist. The interesting discovery in the article isn't that memcpy() can leave things in an intermediate state, but that releasing a JNI array triggers a copy even if the array is unaltered. But this looks like a bug in the program (or the VM): either that copy back to the heap should not be occuring, or there should be some locking here. What if the data was changed? Would the Java thread just be expected to deal with all intermediate states? Alternatively, if the data is read-only, don't write to it! I don't like this article. Yes, he's right: an intuitive knowledge of the relationship between averages and standard deviations is essential. But to presume that the standard tools of statistics should be applied to every problem is to miss the point. On a superficial level, if you are doing overnight processing of log files, then you probably care more about throughput than latency. In this case, averages are probably a fine metric. On a slightly deeper level, standard deviation is only a useful measure if the distribution is known, and in a lot of real world cases it is not. The right question isn't whether 100 or 1000 tests on the same data provides sufficient statistical power, but whether range of inputs is sufficient to trigger worst case perfomance. Now, I presume that Zed knows these things and applies them appropriately, but the article strikes me as more snide than helpful. Perhaps as others say he's a great guy in person, but I prefer my stats with less attitude and more insight. Here, for example: http://yudkowsky.net/rational/bayes [edit: changed my sloppy language from 'has no meaning unless to the distribution is normal' to 'is only a useful measure if the distribution is known'] Are you completely sure about that? You could quibble about my exact phrasing, but yes, I'm completely sure about that. This is the 'black swan' problem writ small. I don't mean that a high standard deviation should be ignored for real-world distributions, but I do mean that a low standard deviation carries very little weight unless a normal distribution is presumed. I'm hard pressed to relate this to the cases discussed in the article, as those cases are shy on detail, but the DB2 example seems most applicable. Although he points to standard deviation as the tell-tale flag here, this is sort of misleading. The exact numerical value for the standard deviation across all queries is meaningless here, as not every query has an equal likelihood of being slow. As he states, the real problem was the terrible performance of an single query. How many similar queries exist? Will a new query added to the system trigger a similar bug? We don't know, and standard statistics isn't going to help us unless we have an understanding of the underlying mechanism. The key here is not to test a statistically significant subset of all possible queries, but to check the performance of the actual queries executed (as he did). You're right. I was being sloppy. I should have said something more like "the standard deviation calculated from a sample set is only generally applicable in so far as one is willing to make assumptions that the sample set is representative of the distribution as a whole". The default assumption in traditional statistics (such as quoting p-values) is that the distribution is normal, and in real world situations often not the case. Your restatement is right on, although I'd go farther and say that standard deviations (and confidence intervals) are only useful metrics with regard to the particular assumptions one is willing to make about underlying distribution. Yes, you can calculate these measures, but they won't help you if your assumptions are irreparably flawed. There is NO SECURITY DOWNSIDE to emailing a user's password to them vs. having some multi-step reset procedure. One downside is that the email can later be found and used by an attacker, whereas the multi-step procedure generally relies on information not present in the directions (such as a birthdate or secret question). An attacker who gains access to the email at a later point (not just intercepted) can gain access to the account without further effort or risk. Another downside is that exposing the password in plaintext allows the attacker to gain access to other accounts on other systems where the user has used the same password. In contrast, the multi-step approach must be used against every site. To say that there is 'no downside' is to say that there is no problem with storing passwords in plain text on your server, because if an attacker has gained access to your server they already have access to your accounts. Possibly true, but this ignores the irresponsible and anti-social aspects of exposing a user to further attacks. The most mundane and simple tasks, often trivial one-liners in scripting languages, require many lines of error-prone C code even with a fairly rich set of libraries available. What would be an example of this? I'm mostly a C and Perl person, and once a library is available I've never noticed cases where something was much simpler to write in one than the other. That library might take more time to write in C than Perl, but once it's written I find it just about (less than a factor of 2?) as easy to write the application logic in C as in Perl. My instinct is that if you're writing 'many lines of error-prone C' to do something simple, there's probably room for improvement somewhere. Interesting. It was originally submitted by 'bokonist' accurately titled as "How tiny Portugual beat the Chinese Empire in the race to control the seas", but this got very few votes: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=482484 I resubmitted it with this title, which is the original title of the article, hoping that it would be called to the attention of a few more readers. Empirically, this title seems to have worked better. What title would you suggest? This code does not work like the original. Consider the case of a reduce does not shift: gettoken == not END, shift == false, reduce == true, shift == false. In the original code, the next operation is (correctly) another reduce. In your example, you stop reducing too soon and read the next token. Furthermore, I find that the labels in the original make the logic easier to follow. Looks right to me. But does this strike you as clearer than the original? I like that the original makes it very clear that we only return ACCEPT if we reach END; that after a successful shift we continue reading; that after a successful reduce we shift again; and that we only return ERROR if a reduce fails. I think yours works the same, but for me at least it takes longer to parse. If I were actually debugging yours, I might even resort to looking at the compiled code with objdump and writing the labels in by hand. Presuming it's correct, I bet this would result in something that looked a lot like the original! This is a good article, and his basic premise is worth thinking about: 'When we separate ourselves from the systems that work on our behalf by adding layers and layers of complexity, we are ultimately doomed to fail.' I agree with this, but I don't see it as particularly applicable to digital TV. He talks about running translators for analog television to provide PBS access to his local community. He concludes that analog signals are easy to work with, and then contrasts this with digital: 'If you want to really examine the signal itself, you need an expensive device that is able to recognize the signal and help you debug what's going on. Of course, our small TV organization cannot afford the cost of such a device, so most of the time, we can only guess.' This seems misguided, and like an attempt to fix the problem with the wrong tools. Sure, it's difficult to diagnose the problem with an oscilloscope, but with cheap digital tuner cards available it seems like it should be possible to do a similar analysis in software. If one was tasked with retransmitting a DTV signal, it seems like the solution would be to decode (with error correction if possible) rather than blindly retransmitting the signal as analog. Is this harder than it sounds? I'm glad that others feel they benefit from this article, but somehow it rings false to me. It feels like a parody rather than the confession it purports to be. Here are a few of the wrong-notes for me: * He's obsessed with cleaning-product slogans and cattle behaviour? * He's working as a __marketing__ engineer? * Standing alone at parties 'kind of dancing'? * Calling 'methylchloroisothiazolinone' unpronounceable * Being self-consciously self-centered? I realize that there is a lot of variation within Asperger's, but this piece doesn't line up for me. It feels to me like a talented MFA student writing a credible impersonation of Mark Leyner or David Sedaris based around a caricature of Asperger's. Does anyone here know and vouch for the author? Does his description ring true to anyone's sense of self, or only of their perception of others with some similar characteristics? The difference between luck and skill is consistency. Well, that and the ability to predict future performance. It seems like Bob has around a 55% success rate. How large would the pool of 'advisors' need to be before we expect at least one person to achieve this rate by luck? I don't know, but it seems like a reasonable question. Note also that the article mentions that he has had consecutive 'off years', which is quite counter to '20 years straight'. The variance seems like it would be a good indication of the relative strength of luck and skill. Any ideas on how to model this mathematically? I downmodded you because at a glance fell into the category of 'dumb joke'. The conversation at the top of the page is interesting, and I want to keep this at the bottom so as not to interrupt distract from the useful discussion. If you intend this as a real insight, please flesh it out with more explanation. I've had the same experience, and had been avoiding such links as well. Regarding your 'hate', though, it may be worth noting that Scribd is a Ycombinator company. No, I was suggesting the presence of links to Scribd may not be intended solely a convenience to the current HN audience. I do think there is some self-suppression occurring regarding YC companies, though. This is a good thing if it encourages more thought as to phrasing, and a bad thing if it creates a taboo. Great writeup, thanks! I'm confused by your conclusion, though: "I wish I would have identified Rackspace initially as the platform of choice." From the results of the contest, I would have concluded that the platform of choice was CUDA. Do you think otherwise? Is there a reason you'd choose to use a flotilla of Rackspace servers for a problem like this rather than a graphics card? If you are going to be programming in C anyway, it seems like a much simpler approach. I guess I'm feeling that the CUDA solution pays for itself pretty quickly if you are going to be using it for the long term. Personally, I was checking 200 Million keys per second on a $300 Nvidia card and got down to 34 (with at least 3 35's). Presuming your costs are accurate, this would imply that the card would be a cheaper solution if run for more than a week. Considering the ~100x speed advantage of the card, it's rather surprising that their cloud solution is as affordable as it is. Ruby was mentioned because once one strips the iPhone from the prize, the part remaining is $2000 worth of time on a cluster of machines that specializes in supporting Ruby. I suppose that butchers might use cut-resistant gloves, but in the professional kitchens I've shared I've never seen them worn by a chef. > Otherwise I’m just not interested anymore. I'm afraid your article rubs me the wrong way. Could you explain further why an independent developer (who has written code in their own time to satisfy their own need) has _any_ obligation to satisfy your desire for better documentation? I can certainly understand why one wouldn't choose to use undocumented code, and why one wouldn't recommend it to others, but I don't understand the sense of entitlement. Further, what greater obligation does the original author have that you as a user of the code do not? Why should the author be expected to sit down and write documentation intended solely for the use of others, whereas you, now capable of doing the same, do not? Your 'duty of care' argument falls short for me, and instead I see a favor not being returned. I don't mean to be too negative (your writing style itself is great, for example) but I really don't understand the underlying sentiment. It's sort of a 'teach a man to fish' problem. If someone is standing on the corner of a hypothetical 14th Street, and if the layout was something like "the Streets run East-West, and the numbers go up as one goes North", it's probably worth their while to explain this. And if the city is designed such that all the avenues are alphabetical from East to West, I'd probably mention this as well. Personally, I greatly prefer to receive directions that include some redundancy and background information. And yes, every now and then I think "Wow, those were great directions" when someone gives me an explanation that increases my knowledge beyond the narrow scope of my question. No, I don't think so. Or at least it depends on the job. As an employer, I know that you are working there because you love what you are doing and don't want to be doing anything else. I don't have to worry that you'll move along as soon as someone offers you another $1.50 an hour. And in a startup, I know that if we hit a rough patch we can probably come up with a way to trade you equity for salary. For creative positions, I'd view financial independence as a positive. I'm not sure I agree with you. You do have a point though: 1) Any programmer who writes this line of code as anything other than a lesson in obfuscation should be taken out and shot. 2) Speaking as a Perl programmer who has maintained others' code, _many_ Perl programmers should be taken out and shot. How about: "Except for pathological constructs that should probably be avoided anyway, the Perl that most people write can be parsed just fine." As I see it, the Perl attitude is that these constructs should be forbidden by social contract rather than by the language itself. Sort of like the farmer who refuses to put a lock on his fuel pumps in case someone really needs to fill a tank in an emergency. To the contrary, I found myself shaking my head. Why is it in Apple's interest to be forced to constantly innovate simply to maintain market share? To say that 'a monoculture is not in the consumer's interest' make perfect sense, but why wouldn't Apple prefer a case where it has no strong competition? Their goal is profit via market share, not innovation for the sake of innovation. I appreciate your attitude. But which part do you disagree with? I'm guessing that most people are reacting against my implication that Apple is primarily profit-driven rather than design-driven. I suppose this might be true (and probably is true of some pieces of the company), but I have trouble believing that their financial success is just a happy accident that follows naturally from their focus on design. Or is there a different part you disagree with? While this may be true in your field, my impression is that this isn't true in general. Can you offer specific evidence? Here's a page offering a different view: http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/jono/item/toc.html 3) He RETURNS to Google and searches for "Zagg" which IS in "Zaggs", and boom, results. Surprised? Me neither. You might want to hold off on your cranky comment. Would you be surprised if the search for 'Zagg' did NOT turn up the results for 'Zaggs'? Because for better or worse, that's what actually happens. GMail search does not perform stemming (like removing that final 's') and also does not allow for substring searches. So in fact, a search for 'Zagg' will return nothing. While this isn't a fatal flaw, it is a drag. I'll quibble with your link as well. Did Yvain actually test to see whether his guessing increased his score over the semester? Or did he just 'prove' it? Like the presumption of a fair coin in this page, his presumption is that the questions are fair. If they were trick questions, such that the seemingly improbable answer is correct more often than not, guessing based on partial knowledge may not be a benefit. I think he's right, but I'd trust his results more than his abstract reasoning. But what does a 'fair coin' have to do with bets in the real world? Assume I'm standing on a street corner, flipping a coin . You observe 30 flips, and note that 30 times in a row it comes up heads. I then turn and offer to bet you 2:1 odds that the next flip will also be heads. Would you really take my bet? No, you would walk away, despite your superior knowledge of probability. But let's say that it was only 10 flips in a row, as in your modified example. Would you stay and bet? If you would, perhaps it is you is is missing the forest. :) More precisely, perhaps the problem is not their knowledge of probability, but the difficulty of modeling the real world with standard probability theory. The Bayesian approach above at least allows for the possibility that the coin is not fair. How does your model allow for this? I appreciate your response and voted it up. But I disagree that there is no benefit to actually testing his hypothesis. The mathematics don't need to be 'tested', but perhaps the priors do? For example, how certain are you of the assumption that the questions that we need to flip the coin for are evenly distributed between true and false? It seems plausible that a test might have a bias whereby the harder questions are predominately one answer or the other. How large would this effect have to be to overwhelm the 2% probability? Would you trust your grade on the presumption that this effect can be ignored? What about your life? For the record, I agree with Yvain's advice. I did just fine on the SAT's, partly because I followed the mathematically correct advice that one should guess if one can eliminate at least one of the 4 choices. But I wouldn't proclaim that this strategy needs no testing just because the mathematics are correct. Presuming this is a genuine question: the difference is whether one goes on to do more work after the 'guard' return, or whether one is just choosing which value to return. I think the style guide is being silly, and there is no simple rule that says "always use an else" or "never use an else". I'd see "Avoid unnecessary indentation" as a better rule. PCs are not a nice architecture for servers: there are starvation points all over the system, from registers (AMD64 solves some of it) to memory to I/O. Could you clarify the ways in which you think a PC architecture will hobble a data server? It looks like the X4500 runs dual Opterons, which relatively speaking have no shortage of registers. And it supports 16 GB of memory, which doesn't seem too shabby. And while I'm not sure how the SATA controllers are connected to the bus, I'd be a little surprised if this was the bottleneck. Which part of the 'PC architecture' do you think is the limiting factor? I disagree. I think you are confusing two issues: 'certified organic' and 'local artisan'. I'm in a business right now where I buy a LOT of locally grown fruits and vegetables --- often 1000 lbs a week. I'm in the Bay Area, and I buy at the farmers' markets direct from the growers. Probably 2/3 of what we buy is certified organic, 1/3 'conventional'. Everything is local, and I'm pretty sure that everything we buy is better than anything flown in to the organic section at Whole Foods. And I'm definitely sure that the certified organic produce is not uniformly better than the non-certified. The differences farm-to-farm, variety-to-variety, and season-to-season are certainly stronger effects. Perhaps you point instead is that there is a difference between a mass produced tomato flown in from afar and ripened in a chamber and a home-grown tomato picked at the peak of ripeness? And that the tomatoes on the vine at $3.99/lb are often a better facsimile of the latter than the pinkish tennis ball at 99 cents/lb? In which case I'd agree with you. But I'd hesitate to say that this is because it is 'organic'. By encouraging use of InstaPaper (or its ilk) with longer articles on your site you may just find that it improves your readership. Yes, and by allowing users to share MP3's of your songs you may find that over the long run your listenership is improved. Nonetheless, under current (US?) copyright code, reformatting documents by stripping out 'extraneous' advertising and saving them in a different format for later use is flat-out illegal. This may not make it 'wrong', and certainly does not make the app any less useful, but I think the OP's point stands. It's possible that I'm wrong, but I'd appreciate if you could point to the legal precedent that establishes this. The general rule is that making a copy of any copyright work is forbidden, unless you have a license or it's fair use. You are right that ripping a CD (that you own?) to MP3 for personal use is covered as fair use. This was established relatively recently in RIAA vs Diamond Multimedia[1], a case that primarily decided that the Rio was legal because it _wasn't_ a digital music recorder. But it also stated "the Rio's operation is entirely consistent with the Act's main purpose -- the facilitation of personal use" and that "Such copying is paradigmatic noncommercial personal use entirely consistent with the purposes of the Act". But simply transforming a musical recording into a different format isn't quite a parallel example, as the goal is usually to make a complete copy. I think a closer parallel would be recording a television show with the ads clipped out. While 'time-shifting' is held to be legal (under Sony vs Universal), if you save a version with advertisements removed, you may well have created a derivative work. I think Tivo is probably a pretty close example. While I don't think there has been a precedent setting case yet, it's probably worth noting that Tivo does not allow its users to automatically skip advertisements in the shows it records, despite the fact that this would be a popular feature with users. They no longer even have a button on the remote to allow the ads to be skipped easily. For example, a law review article[2] titled "The TiVo Question: Does Skipping Commercials Violate Copyright Law?" reaches this simple conclusion: "Using a DVR to skip television advertisements violates copyright law, and DVR manufacturers should be contributorily liable. By providing a means for television viewers to skip advertisements, DVR manufacturers deny television networks the intended incentive for their creative expression--advertising revenues." I've only skimmed it, but the article provides a lot of useful background on the relevant arguments and case law. [1] http://www.virtualrecordings.com/diamond.htm [2] http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=901062 It's possible that 'flat-out illegal' is too strong of a statement, although upon reflection I'll still stand by 'almost certainly illegal'. Here's a law review paper with lots of background and references: The TiVo Question: Does Skipping Commercials Violate Copyright Law? http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=901062 Please don't mistake my opinion here on what the law is for my feelings on what the law should be. It sounds like a great app. I'd be very happy to proven wrong, and to find that the copyright law regarding such matters is more user friendly than I've been led to believe. I've found some books like Maguire's "Writing Solid Code" and McConnell's "Code Complete" to be helpful, but your best resources are probably the source code to systems similar to your definition of 'real'. Depending on this definition, I'd suggest looking at the source for SQLite (compact and rock solid), Apache (customizable request handling), Perl (for polymorphic data types), and Linux (a big modular system). Basically, pick any of the open source tools you use, and see how they've solved the problem you are interested in! I would. The approach to testing is fantastic, the style is extremely consistent, the comments and commentary are well thought out, and I find it a good compromise between clarity and efficiency. Why wouldn't you recommend it? I think mikeryan's point was that there might be some way to use them here _instead_ of shipping them back. Convert them to trendy office furniture and sell them for 10 times the price of the recycled metal, that sort of thing. Receding glaciers refute the hypothesis that "there is no global warming" This statement isn't as obvious at you make it seem. A large part of the controversy is what constitutes Global Warming, as opposed to regional. Oddly, by making the statement that receding glaciers are incontrovertible evidence of global warming, you are challenging the current consensus. Much of the question about Climate Change is whether the current climate change is 'unprecedented', and therefore more likely to be correlated with human activity. The current consensus says that the Medieval Warming Period, a period where all parties agree that there was glacial retreat, was only a regional event. Differentiating global warming from regional warming is very difficult, and is focus of this piece. Anecdotal evidence about retreating glaciers doesn't help to clear it up --- what's needed are global datasets as referred to in the article. I believe this is actually why McIntyre started researching the datasets in the first place: he was wondering why the graphs of global warming had 'erased' the MWP. (And while the piece is certainly biased, I wouldn't call it FUD. Etymologically, this makes no sense. If anything, rather than spreading Fear, it's encouraging complacency in the face of what might be a true catastrophe. CUD maybe?) In Perl this would be way more complicated Does it need to be more complicated, or are you perhaps trying to make the code look like Python? While there are good reasons for using references to pass lists to functions, it seems clearer (and more Perl-ish) to do the transformations on a list rather than a reference: my @xs = (5, 6); # use a list directly push @xs, 7; print $xs[2]; push @xs, []; push @{$xs[3]}, 6; # treat $xs[3] as array some_func(12, "hello", \@xs, 1); While one could probably argue that pushing to the inner array is clearer in Python, the rest seems just as clear. And if one was writing for an audience not comfortable with references, one could always use a temp variable for clarity: my @inner; push @xs, \@inner; push @inner, 8; For that matter, you could do the same for your 'omgwtf' line: my $inner = $xs->[3]; push @$inner, 9; While there's nothing wrong with the Python, they strike me as pretty comparable in clarity. What am I missing? 1) His general point is that no single energy source will be sufficient. We're going to need a combination of many different sources of power, combined with as much improvement in efficiency as we can muster. He concludes that it is very difficult, but not impossible, and that tradeoffs will be necessary. 2) Covering the electrical needs of the world is an easier task than covering the total energy needs, and even covering the current energy needs will not account for increasing demand by the developing world. Still, this is an approach worth exploring. It's covered in considerable detail in Chapter 25: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/withouthotair/c25/page_17... No, unfortunately it's really bad. I appreciate it as an example of how far afield you are willing to search for a solution, but it's visually distracting and difficult to interpret. I'm living in the East Bay rather than San Francisco, so I wasn't quite cheating by ignoring the disclaimers. Overall, it felt like a pretty good assessment. "What sickens me most about San Francisco is not its dirt, or its large homeless population, or its questionable safety, but that locals and the city government seem to accept these circumstances." On the good side, he didn't really go into the outdoor advantages (nearby access to mountains and ocean, in town trails and bays) but he's got a good handle on the downsides. Perhaps the reason that San Francisco is so relentlessly progressive in its politics is that the residents can all see first hand the divide between the rich and the poor? There is one change that gets me often. Using a hyphenated-word used to require that the two words occur in order, although it would also match the two words joined together. It also used to turn off stemming. Previously it was equivalent to ("hyphenated word" OR +hyphenatedword). But now it seems to behave almost the same as the unquoted (hyphenated word). Just to make matter worse, when I tried out my example just now I found that the first result (a wikipedia page) for "hyphenated word" doesn't even include the phrase! Ditto for 2.0.0.3 --- installed fine without complaint, but didn't seem to have any effect on viewing. She teaches a class at Stanford and offers each team $5 of 'funding' in an envelope. She tells them that once they open the envelope, they have 2 hours to make as much money as they can. She cites three teams' approaches: 1) First team opens a free stand that offers to check peoples bike tire pressure for free, then charges $1 to inflate if necessary. This team changes midstream to accepting donations instead of charging, and makes more money. Lauded for rapid iteration. 2) Second team makes lots of reservations at local restaurants, and then sells them to people waiting in line for same restaurant. Didn't use the $5 at all. Lauded for realizing that the $5 constraint was artificial, and that using it constrained their thinking. 3) Third team skipped the exercise, and sold their 3 minute class presentation time as a advertisement to a local company. Made the most money. Instead of presenting, they recruited. Lauded for realizing that the 2 hours was also artificially hampering their thinking. Personally, I found the presentation glib and condescending, and the solutions immoral and dishonest. I'm hoping for good discussion about the issues here, but I would not recommend the video. > The safest approach is just to configure malloc to abort This seems like a good approach. Could you offer more details? I can do it with the MALLOC_CHECK_ environment variable in glibc, but is there some better way to do it at link time? In compiling my own code I can use a wrapper, but I'm not sure how to ensure that strdup aborts. There are two levels --- the first is within the context of a class assignment, and the second is as a business operation. 1) The bike tire pressure check isn't bad, but seems to be cheating on the class solution by using outside materials. Once one can 'presume' a pressure gauge and a pump, why not presume further specialized equipment or further outside funding? As a business proposition I was happy with it when they were charging a set price, but I personally feel uneasy with the change to donations. This isn't clear cut, but it's guilt based and I wouldn't do it myself despite the effectiveness. Compare with the Hare Krishna technique of forcing free flowers and then asking for a donation: http://www.garyasanchez.com/what-hare-krishnas-can-teach-us-... 2) Selling restaurant reservations is probably fine within the context of the class, but is a violation of the expectations of the restaurant. If everyone were to follow their approach, the system would collapse and the restaurant would need to implement a policy of cancellation charges. My simple view would be that if the restaurant would change their system if you told them what you plan to do, it is immoral. 3) From the point of view of the class, the winning solution feels like a cheap trick. Yes, it makes money, but not under the rules that were officially given. From a business point of view, it takes advantage of a captive audience. What's really being sold is the time of a third party who does not benefit from the transaction, and yet due to social constraints is unable to leave. This strikes me as both immoral and dishonest. I fear that my scruples here aren't entirely consistent, and I'm pretty certain that they reduce my ability to make easy money. But I enjoy being in a situation where I can make decisions based on the answer to "Would the world be a better place if everyone followed this advice?". And for me, on this criteria, the last two solutions fail, and the first is on the edge once the donation approach is taken. I haven't voted you either way, but from the video it's still not clear to me whether the $5 was a known or unknown amount. I agree that the exercise makes more sense if it's unknown, but I don't think it was ever clearly stated. I didn't see your comment until now, but I'd guess it was downvoted for 'feeding the troll'. While the comment you responded was reasonable, the grandparent was a bad joke that was rightly being beaten down. I'm not sure how the page placement algorithm currently works, but I'd assume, and I think others assume, that downvotes on the children help to move something down the page. In other words, you were a victim of collateral damage. I voted you down because you asserted that a system was 'best' because you remember from a 'pys' class. This has to be one of the weakest 'arguments from authority' I have seen. You then asserted that a 5-star allowing zero is even better. Then why didn't your (psychology?) professor say so? I didn't vote down because I disagree, but because you haven't made much of a case. I also downvote the 'wow, cool' comments as unhelpful, and upvote the comments that seem like they will lead to useful discussion. Without intending offense, I didn't think your comment was pitched at the right level for this audience. Personally, I think you are on the right track, although I think 5 stars allowing halves is even better. Interestingly, Netflix (experts in this field) started out with allowing half-stars and then got rid of them, making me worry that they know better than I. The article strikes a chord with me as well, although I'm probably not as much at the limits as you describe yourself. Your responses herein strike similar chords. Ignore the hecklers. So far as I can tell, your conclusions are correct. The mass of humanity isn't up to your standards, being far more interested in 'having a good time' than 'doing something useful'. The problem is that this mass of humanity is practically the only tool you have to work with. How do you decide what's useful without considering how it will be used by other humans? For me, the answer is something like 'produce tools that others can use to further their own goals'. Some of their goals I'll agree with, others will seem like a waste. Time will tell which are really which. In the meantime, it's nice to meet others who share similar goals. Surround yourself with the best people you can find, according to whatever standards you establish. Be kind to those for whom you lack respect, but don't let them set your direction. Iterate rather than trying to figure it all out in advance --- better to die trying. I'd be interested in knowing what your other account is, so I can follow your posts in the future: . I've skimmed the paper ( http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~wcook/Drafts/2009/essay.pdf ) and all I'm seeing are semantic games: "An abstract data type is a structure that implements a new type by hiding the representation of the type and supplying operations to manipulate its values." "An object is a value exporting a procedural interface to data or behavior." It then goes on to conclude that it is wrong to say that an object is a kind of abstract data type. Could someone summarize the actual differences between Abstract Data Types and Objects? Or is it just a matter of cocktail party semantics? Despite the literal intepretation, you might be mistaken in assuming that "critical literary analysis" is the same as "reading literature and analyzing it". Instead, I think the phrase is being used here as a term of the art, referring to something closer to "postmodern critical theory". There are definitely those who wonder if this is useful. I too would be interested in hearing a defense.