Facebook definitely sounds like a decent place to work. Them and Google are places I hope to take influence from if I ever make it to having an actual physical office space :P I always think it's a bit of a shame when a smart innovator doesn't have a business head on his shoulders. Apparently Mr. Lee says he doesn't have one: but I dont buy that :D posting his ideas to Youtube was a very smart move... (I loved that video when it first appeared!) Sadly I dont see Ubuntu doing that any time soon (I could write an essay on how much I dislike Ubuntu's UI!). It's just not a "glamorous" part of the OS-making process (IMO it's the great stumbling bloack of all modern Linux distros...). Agreed over the luxury branding of Apple though. It will be interestign to see how they fare over the next 18 months. Although with that said the Ipod is (probably annoyingly) one of those luxuries that isn't a luxury any more - so that should keep them going. For what it's worth: I use OSX, L8inux (all sorts of distros), XP and Vista daily. And personally I find Vista WAY above XP in terms of compatibility and stability. But then this is a circular argument - because it is totally dependant on individual preference & experience. For me Linux and Vista are both not perfect and both have their (equally annoying) niggles. I use Vista for gaming and general use at home and Linux at work (& at home as servers and other uses). I always thought that the founders had done it themselves (in fact I am SURE I read a book about the beginnings of Google that said so explicitly). Actually it left me a bit disappointed to find that it had been "designed" :( Google always used to make me feel (as a crap graphic artist) that Home-brew logos COULD go a long way. I think Gnome have got it right - your correct, they are just lacking the pretties. But I think Ubuntu (and other distro) teams haven't made use of the Window managers well at all. Menu's, applications and other bits and pieces are just too confusing for the average Joe user. UI extends even beyond the windows themselves. As someone commented I think Linux devs are waking up to how important UI and user interaction is. But - It's a mess, and a hell of a job to fix - No one with the proper expertise is involved in the projects - It's not a glamorous thing to be doing (compare to "cutting edge" stuff - There seems to be this ingrained anti-M$ vibe that means no one can take influence from them. ?? UI is one thing M$ tend to do really well in Windows. They spend a LOT of money researching it..... This is definitely good advice. We went to several VC's and received fairly unpractical offers (well not unpractical: but it felt like they were trying it on for as much %age as they could get). Trouble is if you play hard ball with them they seem to lose interest fast (I guess it's easier to go with other people who'll just take the cash as it's offered). In the end we went with private investment - and I;d advise others to do the same. Yeh there is a lot less money in that area BUT if you get a few people invested then it cuts the individual percentage any one investor might have (always useful) and also means (with the right investors) you'll have a more personal relationship with your "money" :D I see where Bruce is coming from. But I quite like self: it's an explicit reminder every time you write OOP in Python about the idea of classes & instances. Incidentally I'm one of those annoying people that often will use this instead of self (because I find it more readable.. at work I am famed for my efforts of trying to write code in "english" :D). Self is also useful when your passing the class around. It's easy to see where it is heading all the time. It will be nice to see the "you forgot self, you fool" error made explicit. When you switch languages a couple of times a day it can be easy to forget :) (PHP to Python switch is the hardest!) Ah gotcha! That is wha tI was thinking of thanks. @IsaacSchlueter: I know what you mean (it's one of those logos that just "describes" the brand without any support). Yeh - killer features are a big bonus. Thing is they are cool to work on - and so quite a few seem to work appear, pulling people in. With OSX and Windows that's fine because IMO they have that extra level of ease and Usability that a consumer OS needs. Linux doesn't have that left - I bet a lot of people drawn in with a gimmick are left struggling with it after a few weeks... I still maintain that Linux is lacking a simple UI to pull it into the mainstream (ALL Linux not just Ubuntu). I dont buy it. Greed is the major problem: bigger risks for higher rewards. I think both sexes (in that situation) would suffer pretty equally... I kinda agree. Certainly go for a job you want - and not the brand you want ot work for. But I think the atmosphere you work in is important too. I couldn;t see myself working for a company wih strictt working times, for example. Or in an evironment that was too "stuffy". umm I really dont think this can count as new research. I kinda assumed everyone new this already! Although I guess it's nice to see it confirmed.... I dont know. I'm 21 and am just kicking off my first major startup. I dont really think I am ready for it. I think a couple more years in-work experience (only een employed for 6 months out of university) would do me good... :) I assume you are US based? In the UK there are govt agencies called "business link" which will gve you free advice on startups and getting your business off the ground. They can give you quite a bit of info related to laws and accounting. I assume that in the US there are similar initiatives (though you might have to pay). As to employing someone? I'd say it comes down to how much admin time you want to spend on the company - or rather how much you can spare. If you find yourself becoming too much of a manager and lose the ability to drive the project forward (IMO essential in the opening stages of a startup) then it might actually be more beneficial to employ someone. Plus of course if you can employ someone experienced for 18 months then that is 18 months where you get to see how it is done and pick up tips & tricks from them. (after which it might then be economical to do it yourself). I have been quite lucky. My father has run his own firm for a number of years - which is quite small (so he does all the admin). As a result he knows a lot about the books, accounting and legal aspects (if only on a small scale). In the end I decided to go with an accountant - but only because I have a friend qualified from university who is doing it on the cheap :) (if you don't know anyone like that then go befriend them! :D) Hey, Well my personal circumstances are by the by: they were an example :D My point was really more that you should try to talk to people with experience (face to face, not just here). A half hr to an hr conversation will probably get quite a lot of stuff straight. Considering your situation it's a bit hard to give advice. Do you actually have a product to bring to market? Are you at a stage where you a) need funding or b) can begin to sell. With my startup I worked with a team of friends for about 2 years before we formed the actual company. We all had day jobs or university and so we worked in our downtime bringing our idea into fruition. Now we have an almost marketable product and are at the stage where funding is essential: so recently we took the step of forming the company and searching for funding.Until now it was an unecessary need. If your not selling or bringing in cash for funds then I would advise avoiding forming any legal entity. The only thing I would say is that it might be worth signing some kind of partnership agreement between you and your friend. I'm sure things will be fine but if you fall out (it's so easy) it is best to know exactly where you stand in terms of what individually you can take away (ideas, code, etc.). As to the final part of that post - regarding getting out if the startup fails. That is incredibly country specific. You will need to get some advice: either from a lawyer or from a public body (if they exist) as to your exact options. In the UK you could, for example form a Limited Liability Partnership (where if things folded you only have a small personal liability) or an full on LTD company (where there is no personal liability). I assume similar entities can be formed in China (though I DONT KNOW). I think the best advice is to hunt for someone locally who can tell you your options in that case. If your entering into contracts with other companies at this stage (note not just selling - actual contracted agreements) then you DEFINITELY need to consult professionally. It shouldn't be too expensive and is worth it. If your obtaining funding and are presented a contract ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS take it to a lawyer before signing. :) Good luck! One other point is how you plan to account as well. If you want to do it yourself you'll either have to put together your own system (that is EASY to use - trust me that is essential) or invest in a commercial package. That can be expensive - so it might be cheaper to seek professional services. If iti s only a small company you might be ok just keeping a general book (income, outlay, expenditure etc etc.) and keep all receipts. Then at the end of the financial year take all that to an accountant and pay him to get it all written up and submitted. That is how it works in the UK (and probably costs around £400-500 depending on the amount of work involved) - I dont know if that is the case in China but it is worth investigating. Usually there is no formal requirement for a small startup to keep regulated books - just to have some form of accounts the tax man can request at any time (it;s more complex than that but, meh, essentially all that ya need to know :P) BAD SEO is bullshit. Well thought out SEO as part of a larger scale site impact consideration is AWESOME :D fair point :D :( I thought that was a succint evaluation.... There are plenty of bad SEO firms out there who have no clue about what they are doing (and often do more harm than good to a site). Also SEO is seen as a fix-all solution - which it really isn't. But SEO practices are an essential part of any website design, refresh or update. At the end of the day it's just a buzzword that creates a market for selling their knowledge (knowt wrong with that of course!) I'm npt going to try too hard but.. you gave plenty enough info there to track them down (assuming I dont just have to se google :)) :( sad day IMO. OpenID is a nice idea but fatally flawed in the grand scheme of things. Unified accounts are GREAT. But OpenID just isn't the right way to go about it... I knew Google was moving towards this but I always hoped they would see sense before actually going for it fully. Disappointed in them for the first time in a LONG time! (Bear in mind I think it's a great idea) Legally speaking if the game (or whatever) doesnlt make 100% clear what is going on ("we are going to be using your CPU") then I'd say it's very shaky territory. Also I am pretty sure that in a lot of countries you would be pretty much required to either have a splash saying "click yes to play this game and work some units" or have a workable opt out (I dont know if that exists??) I'm still not convinced the 2.6.27 kernel is stable enough. Our .27 test cluster (various distros including U8.10) has numerous issues that just ARENT fixed yet. I always hate Ubuntu .10 releases :( even when they call it "stable" is usually isn;t and we see a huge increase in (client) issues... The 8.10 releases tend to be more "experimental". I dont think it's advised to actually run a day to day system with it :) These moves by the big players are of major interest (some would suggest worry but I don't think so yet) at the moment - because my startup (:D) is actually along the same lines. To be honest I think OpenID is less a standard now and more a Buzz word. Everyone is doing it subtly differently. Also of course you have the problem where some ID's will be "worth" more than others - just because of the provider. The original concept of OpenID was awesome: everyone could have a page/url identified as theirs and theirs alone. And they could use that identity in all sorts of places. The trouble is the execution was bad and so these larger companies are now jumping on it to twist it into their idea of a single sign on. I think FB Connect is a much better system personally. But not the best. And then there is us :D we're creating a single sign on & social networking site that is designed on a trust basis. The one thing I dislike about OpenID is how decentralised it is. I dont see the issue (personally) with having 4 or 5, trusted, ID providers who manage all the ID's. This gives consumers the choice of who to trust their "ID" with. But it also means the 5 providers collaborate together in a way that can't be "trust poisoned".I'm hoping that's where we come in.... Well I'm not a huge Ubuntu fan but I run Linux on a pen drive as my (main) personal OS now and couldn't recommend it more. Anyone else (programmers?) use a portable USB OS? How long before this is the norm? I sympathise over the Wifi issue. Had many similar issues. I always consider 8.10 of "cutting edge" quality and never bother to upgrade our day-to-day systems for a couple of months after release (sometimes we even wait till the next .04). As you say it's not worth the issue fixing headaches :P Agreed though: the package updates are nice. Umm kinda depends. If you have 1001 apps open (especially ones that hammer the filesystem) then yes. Mine I use for programming & email so I have maybe 10 apps open maximum and it runs perfectly fine. Saving is a little slow but not hugely noticeable :) Agreed I'm new here and it has happened to me twice already. Ok so the first time was a bit blunt and when I qualified it with a reply it got upvoted again. But the second time I didn't bother (even though I basically made the same comment further up the page - on a slightly different slant/discussion) and it got upvoted. It always comes down to the users and their whims in the end :P This place is a lot better than most :D Not a bad idea (TechCrunch's last gasp?? dare I suggest??) But not a great start when the first bio states: "All my investments to date have been in friend’s businesses. I like investing in people I know, respect and trust. I don’t have time to review pitches from people I’ve never met before." So whilst it's interesting to hear about the guy it's no use for anyone on the look out for angel's to pitch at... :P Quite a handy benchmark. I used it a while ago to work out what to consider "strong" in terms of passwords for a web app we created. Working in security I'd consider some of the calculations bull and I know it doesn;t take into account advanced attacks (like rainbow tables) but it can be a good rule of thumb IMO. If they can cut jobs rather than raise (too much) more money then they probably should. Spewing money that fast is BAD all round (and no amount of shoring investment will help long term). Either they need 2 or 3 years capital or they need it fixed now... Cut hard and deep now, refocus, reassess and build on current revenue streams. But they wont.... Argh! This question is distracting me from my work.. see what you have done :D I agree with the others: find ways to enjoy what you do hr by hr. Part of my day job involves analysing up to 1,000,000 images at a time and categorising them (that many images takes around 3hrs with our software). That gets VERY boring: what I do is set myself targbets - so I say "at 40,000 I will read my mail". Only when I get there I say - oh just another 5,0000. I developed a very usfel OCD-like thing of not beign able to stop until the "done" number reaches a precisely round number (which nevert happens :D) like 10,000 etc. :) Try something similar: set short targets after which you will break - but then extend them. Set targets and what time you hope to reach them by; but make sure you will easily make it in the time you set. Then say "oh well in the time I have left I could do... xyz". Keep setting tiny targets till you can't face it anymore and then lose yourself in the net for a bit :) (until you realise you should be back at work). I have found that forcing work in this way for 2hrs then breakign for 20mins gets a lot more work done :D That's quite ironic/amusing :D I remember 8aweek - and I did the same thing (turned it off). At the end of the day it is too easy to click "sod off let me in anyway" (which is what I do to the anti-procrast feature here :D). Heh that is a neat looking app/site! Never come across it before so thx. (amusingly googling for "rescue time dashboard" pops up with this page as the top link :D) I think that Botanists tend to also be very good climatologists by necessity :) so he is probably fairly experienced in the right field. Certainly he makes sensible points. Yup your correct. The WPA crack has been about for a while. The older WPA algo's can be broken totally given time (mostly to collect a LOT of data - something like 4 to 20 million packets sometimes). We couple a small laptop used for collections & injection (to generate data) with our cracking cluster back at our office. Given about 3 or 4 days of activity on a WPA network it is usually possible to get in :) In terms of coWPAtty: we are work on high level corporate networks that are usually immune to that kind of attack. We use full on brute force rainbow tables with some custom ideas / programs (obv can't share much of that). In it's simplest form we have 8 file servers, 1000 nodes and 2 head servers. 150+TB's of rainbow tables. Basically we combine the shortcut of rainbow tables with intelligent analysis of the packets and the brute force of the cluster. For WPA we use some of our own techniques to intelligently make use of the data that gets sent back. Usually we can start to work on the data after 1 day of collection and it can be possibly 2 more days before it is cracked (depending on the other work running on the cluster) Currently we have 2 specialists employed who are working with me to find ways to break the time down further (with great success) and I am also currently testing and cycling up another 9,000 nodes to add into the cluster. By early next year we hope to be able to turn up at a location and crack WPA networks in a days work :) In terms of economy it is not great (working on that) as your looking at about £5-8,000 outlay just to break in - but for speed I believe it is unmatched. Bear in mind ofc this is not representative of what a hacker could do. The rainbow tables (for all our decryption not just WPA) have taken 8yrs to make so far (on around 5000 nodes) and we still have about 2yrs more work to do on them. What this article talks about is a shortcut technique but ultimately I dont beleive it will lead to an inherent weakness which can bypass the need for our type of attack. But what it will be useful for is forcing the network to generate traffic :) Hopefully sometime next year we should be read to deploy our full AES attack - but that (based on current testing) is going to require a LOT of nodes (possibly pushing 25,0000). Gotta love googles sense of humor! I also have sleep problems: though not so extreme (I sleep fitfully and often cannot sleep for a whole night - maybe once or twice a fortnight). The advice from swombat is the BEST you will ever get. DSPS is, as noted, incurable. However you can train your body to ignore it with serious discipline (or rather train your body to a decent sleep pattern). I'd hazard that your age (24 right?) is amplifying your symptoms/problems. You only need 7hrs of sleep a night (some people can manage 6) to be rested: the key is getting some REM sleep in there (my main problem is that I sleep in 60-80 minute cycles and deep sleep usually doesnt start until 90mins into a cycle). If you sleep deeply when you DO sleep then you will probably be ok. Have an extremely strict bed time schedule. So at 10 (perhaps) begin to wind down. Have a bath (I find this to be the best thing) for 20 mins. The sit and read a book (not in your bed) prefferably a boring one - I am hugely well read for my generation because of this :D. At 11 (dead on) lie down and dotn TRY to sleep. Relax and clear your mind - think of what your plan for the next day is. Build an itenary and imagine how the day will go. Whilst you do this breath very deeply. You should relax and fall asleep. If you find that your still awake after 45mins (30mins is not unusual for the amount of time needed to fall asleep!) then get up, walk around gently for 10 mins (or read).Then try again. In the morning have the alarm set for, say, 7am. When it goes up get up - no snuggling or whatever force yourself out of bed w/e. Then have a really good energy breakfast and do some exercise. This will clear the "sleepiness" out of you (which will make you feel sleep deprived when your not). Other tips. Make sure you snack (healthily :D) through the day to keep energy levels up and your metabolism going. DO NOT eat a big meal any closer than 3hrs to your bed time (so if it is 11 then make sure dinner is well done by 8pm). Drink plenty (of water) through the day but avoid drinking it before bed time. Also avoid cafeine like the plague (this will keep you awake fort hours if you have even a slight sleep problem). You could try herbal remdies to help sleep in the evenings (I take some now and again when I cant relax) or eat foods like cheese etc. in small quantaties about an hr before bed. It will take work and you might feel rotten for a week or so. But eventually your body will adapt to the correct sleep pattern. Also get a second opinion: DSPS is often a "get out" clause for sleep conditions :) I was diagnosed with DSPS a couple of times before they got ot the bottom of it. My specific case is that I have sudden releases of seratonin in the brain (the stuff that chocolate and sex generates :)) so I go hyper for short spells - which wakes me up or keeps me awake. It does wonders for my creativity but can destroy sleep patterns :) A lot of your issues are probably also down to being young (I am around the same age and a lot of my problems are gone now simply through discipline). Get rid of those and you will then have the core of your sleep problem laid out reayd to address :) It will be tough - so good luck. But with a LOT of discipline you'll make it! I've been looking at something similar (not on that scale admittedly) recently. Either I would go with a generic cloud service to host on (which should scale to handle your hits) such as EC2. Butthe cost could be astronomical. Or you could go with something like 3tera & the custom cloud solutions and make your own server system: I'd say 4 or 5 servers behind a load balancer. However w/o knowing more about how data will be stored I cant advise on how to keep the database under control. A million database writes per min is not going to be pretty - even a million reads per min is going to stress it... give us some info on your DB architecture and the process / requirements of those hits and someone will be able to advise more I am sure :) (Edit: as a hint your probably after somethign like slave db's and memcached - have a look at how Wikipedia handles their data) Always run your web app past the dumbest person you can find (or a few). As DA once said: "never understimate the ingenuity of complete fools" They will find errors, bugs and dead-ends that would never have occured to you (or your semi-savvy testers) in a month of Sundays :) Keep your old boss happy (i.e. dont just quit to start a startup). If mine goes down the pan I still have my old job (within reason) to go back to (in point of fact I am still working there almost full time, but the points stands :D). nearer dinner time here :) I've come across him quite frequently. We once had quite a long discussion on his "career" (all I can say really). As far as we know he has given up with his career (and the terms he gave it up were really encouraging!). As someone who spends quite a lot of time attempting to "rescue" kids from the cracking community to bring them into the light of the hacking lot I think it was a wonderful statement that he posted. Very positive. There are plenty of crackers & facebook crackers about. I was even targetted once. The BEST thing people can do is educate others as to the danger and try to nip these sites in the bud (I think most are run by members of his old gang) as they spring up. Leave the tracking and case building to the pros :) (edit: or rather the ones with the legal backing to do so). @trickjarret - crackers please, not hackers :) a lot of people here are hackers (me included) and prefer not to be branded :) Of course you do - maybe not as end users... but it a fool (sic) can use your app then anyone can. Rule 1 :) I'd suggest you need to think out your colours a little more. The orange and black is nice: but feels a bit bland. You probably also need to break up the content on pages a little more with some coloured backgrounds :) Personally for me the font is not that easy to read either: but I realise that is subjective :) neat but hardly killer. Yes they have the handiness of true realtime updates (and I am not denying that isn't a huge feature) but that's hardly a unique feature (or wont be for long). But then the rest of the UI / feature set is far too bland :( at least get some code highlighting and stuff in there. Also in our short test earlier it didnt handle mass deletions & editing very well (if I deleted a block of text as someone was adding to it merry hell broke loose :P). IMO a nice demo of a cool idea but badly executed enough to be no real use. Make me a real time white board and THEN I might take notice :D Which is a desktop app... ;) yeh I have to agree there. I know what you mean :D that would be rather cool Thinking about it (going back slightly) there are not many situations where I see anyone actually coding with others in REAL time. Perhaps on hackathons (actually it would be ace for them) or suchlike - but for real work I doubt it would work. So the big selling point is gone: and there is nothing else to support it as a useful app (when Google docs has 100x the features). That said I hope that will change in the future because it is rather nifty :D Tongue in cheek perhaps but very true! Never underestimate the power of publicity stunts :D (hmm). Although of course if he did run GM then they wouldn't be in this mess in the first place would they (though Im not sure I'd want to drive a care branded "Virgin".. only comes in white :P). Sharp commentary. Take it further: he is probably not running GM because you cant make it profitable. Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) fair point I suppose (making Virgin atlantic pay was certainly no mean feat :D) Very true! I've customised the Graffiti view + tag colours to produce something I quite like. But I definitely didnt like the new "default" (the older "classic" was a lot cleaner) ^^ seconded. Cheap and easy. Pay for a landline # and get a Skype enabled Wifi phone and your made :D Why? In all honesty I've never seen it done your way before. Lighter=weaker impact=less. Darker=stronger impact=more. :D Especially as your using red! light red / pink is a very wishy washy colour and the darker reds draw the eye much more easily. I found the site a little confusing (like the others on here). Good concept - needs tweaks in the execution :D Like: - Needs plain english (no jargon) - Explain what everything means(I still dont quite get what the clusters are and how they work). This page is probably your best! http://www.babynameclusters.com/map/ nice and clear and intuitive. The clusters page really needs a map. The graph can be a little confusing? no? docuwiki is also http://www.dokuwiki.org/dokuwiki Well, having experienced plenty of recent death in close family / friends. I found it quite an insight and got what he meant... All of the vitriolic outcry against something that was insightful but misguided (and badly worded) is just a little staggering to be frank. Excellent comment - I share pretty much the same thoughts :D you put it so much mor eloquently than I could manage! > So, is News.YC a gathering of friends, where we speak frankly even if it may offend? Or a PR event for promoting our projects, where due sensitivity to all potential listeners must be observed? I suppose it's somewhere in between. Excellent appraisal ^^ I'd like to think more of the former. If I asked for criticism of a project here I'd hope for (and expect) frank assessment. Someone's brand of humour might not appeal to everyone here: but at least try ot respect it! The question is. Do I upvote that and look like a dick for apparently celebrating this fact. Or downvote it, look good, but add to the negative karma! Abstain :( At which point his lawyer would phone up and tell him what a pillock he was, how open it left them and to please use the damn boilerplates that the qualified lawyers wrote :) I think before one can make comments like that you need ot have the FULL story. Unless people here are parto f the community and new the guy (it seems he cried wolf several times) you cant really pass judgement on what was said (except in some of the cases...). I also see (in the threads cache) people telling him it was a bad idea. I really doubt he was listening to any of them anyway.... rumbled! :) Considering the context it was probably not a wonderfully clever idea to link to that :( I mean, regardless of the black humor (which I find amusing) the amoung of vitriol [seems to be my word of the day that!] this whole subject is creating you've lined yourself up to be viewed either as: a) baiting or b) completely oblivious to the idea of "approriate" actions. And that's probably by both camps.... I generally avoid IDE's fulle stop - and I find eclipse to be a complete pain to work with :( I work in Python, PHP, C++, Perl and Html (if that last one counts ;)) so I find that a text editor (NP++ - win32 only sadly - is my current fav) and a LAMP/Py server setup work well. It costs more in setup time but I find it makes working faster in the long run :D (although I know for RoR/Rails it would be a bit more difficult to take this approach) Whichever way you go make sure you write out and sign an agreement your both happy with that sets out what each person is supposed to do, who the work belongs to, and what rewards/position/monies each person would be entitled to (and so on). Check it with a lawyer, sign it and then leave it with the lawyer. The guy might be a friend but it helps stops disputes occuring in the future :D (i.e. you both know where you stand). EDIT: have you already formed the company or not? I couldn't quite make that out. Well (as an example) using the PHP module importing or creating a project was a complete pain (it's not simple or logical to me). I also found it slow (expecially to close down). I just had a lot of pain with it (quite a while ago now - hence not really rememebering the specific issues :) sorry). I like the concept of IDE's - but I've never seen one that works really well. Eclipse always just felt bloated to me :( As for advanced features you mentioned: a lot of text editors (I dont know about for Java but certainly for the languages i use) have code completion (which IMO would be the most important of the 3 things you mention). "warning: eroticism unused in function main". beautiful :) We're building a big new office at the moment and this is the ideas we like so far. * go for the BEST chairs you can. Buy them first and buy plenty (I'd say the number you want plus 10% more :)). * lots and lots and lots of desk space. encourage people to move about (laptops and plenty of desktops). * white board walls are a must (we have one glass wall and the facing wall will be one huge WB) * if you have servers and suchlike pop up some big screens with "monitors" of their status on them (this is stolen from last.fm :)). We are having 3 52" monitors with open casework and urgent notices etc. on them. * coffeee bar are - is essential. A proper area not just a ktichen. Make it off to one side of the main space with comfy chairs and an actual bar to seperate it * make a meeting space out of bean bags and a low japanese style table * make a collaboration area. slightly closed in with a smart projector and surrounded in white boards. It does wonders for group work! I agree with the others - nerfball and such like is neat (and if you have an outdoor area then you should put something in) but often has a reverse impact. One better option could be to install a gym of some description. Just a few bits and pieces. Gym is good exercise (which is always good for us programmers to get a break :D) and will help make your staff more active. But it is not something they can spend all day every day doing - and also somethign they would tend to do at the end (or start of the day). Oh and you'd need a shower too probably. possibly - though the weight would be a lot less in the water than sat on the boat (aka in air) :) I'd say go for it. It's an instant cash injection and you aren't guaranteed to make the same amount if the content is posted on your own blog. You could give up blogging (or all sorts of things) for example and your blog might die off. On the other hand you get your name on a well respected, big, site. It will look excellent on your resume - and increase your communtiy exposure. In terms of making your blog the next great resource: consider if writing for dnc could help with that. DO they let you link back to your blog? In which case that could be an excellent way to drive traffic that is interested in your material back to your blog. You dont have to submit to dnc forever - perhaps a few articles to establish your credentials and drive some traffic back. Or perhaps you will enjoy mixing the 2 content streams: one fairly guaranteed to bring you cash and the other more of a "risk". The 2 could balance out quite nicely (a lot of the big bloggers write content for all sorts of places). However, if you aren't comfortable doing it - then dont. :) Even if only 100 people click through (a small number I would say...) and you only convert 50% into regular readers then that doesn't sound great. But. They are readers interested in what you have to say - and interested in your subject matter. 100 DNC click throughs probably has the same effect as 500 google click throughs :) I would click on from DNC :) trac is more a source code manager..not really a good customer service tool ;) I assumed the OP meant support ticketing software totally depends on the domain, where it is registered and so forth. Can your friend not just hand over the username/password with access to the domain? ok well YOU need someone to register the domain through, set up the domain (and tell them it is already registered and you own it) - then it depends on what the domain name is for what happens next. For .co.uk you need to get the original registrar to change the IPS tag on the domain to the new registrars value. For .com I think it has to send an email to the admin email address on the domains DNS settings. Just register the domain with your prefferred company and follow their advice / help. that sounds like rather than a generic piece of software you either need to look for a specific travel agency software or have something built to your requirements (which are very specific). (does the client need access to the tickets - or is it internal only??) yes - once you have secured the registration via that method you will have ownership of the domain and will be able to update the DNS information wit hthe relevant info. Again the exact rules are TLD dependant :) That's rather a clever solution.. i'm rather annoyed M$ came up with it first :D there is, sadly, such a thing as too simple. A nice form with: Event: Description: Host: To create your 2 URLS would probably prove a lot more popular... Ah so it was a google thing. Super - the world is sane again ;) :) Thoroughly agree with the above sentiment. @OP: I love the concept - it needs some work but it's got great potential :) I came up with a quite an ugly hack in Python for the EventScripts plugin ( http://python.eventscripts.com ). It was designed to allow you to thread a request for a web page in pure python and also timeout after a while (because threading is stupidly slow via ESP on game servers).. Code: http://errant.pastebin.com/f3d492f2d That is older code but all I can find atm. It has a tendency to crash things :P The final code had a lot of time.sleep(0) code in it too to force the threads to try and grab the GIL. Ugh :P (also for the record the hacked "kill" extension to threading.Thread I picked up from elsewhere :)) ikariam.com (I play that one day to day and it is a nice distraction :)) Gameforge (the makers of IK) do others too: such as Ogame (which is similar). I've not come across a hacker friendly one sadly: market? I dont know if anyone uses Twitter? But I find this little app useful for pushing my tweets to forums & blogs etc. where usually they dont make it. Please - comments and feedback much appreciated. And do test it to destruction :) (it's a tech demo for something more secret I am working on and it needs testing ;)) A nice idea. I like the concept. The execution is good too :D Your right pictures would be nice if you can get them in. Also I would push the content to the right and put a slim sidebar with some more info and links to stuff you can't syndicate (perhaps). One killer feature (not sure how far you want to go with the site :D) might be to allow accounts and then for us to save our favourites or memorable content for future reference (like a personal search.yc). +woot though :D definitely wouldn't call that trolling! Good feedback :) Which one? The site font or the actual bar font? any particular suggestions for a replacement? (for sites I always use Verdana or Georgia out of bad habit :P I cant remember what the bar font is - It's whatever I used on another web->image service I did a while back) Ikariam does allow some greasemonkey scripting. There is also Kronos that is now against the rules but used by a large # of people. It is against the TOS but TBH as long as you dont make it obvious they dont care about simple hacks/scripts. hmmm.. well if I can raise the cash I might go for something like that ;) Bit of overkill for a tech demo but I hear what your saying. Added to my todo list (after an ignore @replies) Just as a comment. I barely ever read the front page. I check the "new" page once every couple of hrs (and read/post al that). The wealth of information is great.. the front page has.. well.. loses it's interest after a couple of hrs of the day.. I like :) In terms of the web interfact make the "contract" appear at the top of the expanded box. Waiting to see what the mail is like :) should be good because I tend to get linked to a LOT during the day. Any way of setting up 2 or more mails? Getting a 6am shot of overnight stuff and then a 5pm "after work" digest would be v. handy :)) thumb up Hmm I see your point. Praps Expand at the top too then? The only reason I suggested it is because usability wise when you click "expand" the tweet appears and the "contract" jumps from under your mouse (and then of course if you straight away contract it al lthe tweets jump back up and.. well.. it confuses a simpleton like me :P ;)) http://screencast.com/t/gUmiZY1xC ah. bene! Looks good :) agreed :) I'll be working over the Xmas break. My personal approach is a mix of both. With my startup(s) we plan to release on a shared hosting at first (alpha) before moving to a single dedicated server (beta) and then later (assuming it takes off) to EC2 (probably). I've always maintained: if you plan to at SOME point be utilising AWS then you need to plan that into your app. All the code we write is scalable and modular - so things that wont work on the next step up can be pulled out and replaced with bits that will w/o breaking the overall system (memcached is a good example - we have a fake caching layer on top of our database layer at the moment so that memcached can be added in later :)). I do love our humor. Classic quote #2: "skipped out to the car park where a Finnish startup had had the remarkable foresight to install a functioning sauna" I think definitely these so called "conferences" are almost a waste of time.. no one is really that interested in the keynotes any more because most of the interesting people blog it all anyway.. right? It's all about networking now: and the guys right - why not do it in a Sauna whilst getting drunk! Your right we lost it... 30 years ago it would have been like that but now.. meh :(