For example: flash your own image (without root, you can only flash image signed by T-Mobile/Google/HTC; how good is to have access to source code, if you can't build it and run it on real device?), create VPN connections, write useful bluetooth profiles like DUN (tethering done correctly) or A2DP. What you can do with root access is much longer list than what you can do the Google blessed way. RIL, audio, wifi and accelerometer, to name a few. Additionaly, the entire radio stack is also closed source (it is outside the OS - it runs on separate CPU, is stored separately in ROM and RIL communicates with it using shared memory). Well, welcome to 2002. Symbian/Series60 phones were doing this since then, without any dongle, using application called Psiloc Total irRemote. Do you think that people browsing Dell site are going to type in the ubuntu url? They may never heard of it. On the other hand, Dell is capable to upsell vista with xp. Why are they not capable to offer ubuntu using the same mechanism? People new to computers have no existing assumptions, how the computer should work and in fact have easier time to use Ubuntu than those exposed to XP/Vista previously. Try observing reality around you next time. (Yes, flame, he asked for that. It is amazing what some people are able to rationalize and be rude in the process). Great app, I installed it few weeks ago. But I have a question - do you have some bug tracker, where your users can put bugs and suggestions? I would like to suggest to split the minutes in usage summary by the direction, incoming and outcoming calls separately (in addition to weekdays/weekends as it is now). Well, it is also €15.95. This guy should really investigate others banks, right now he is asking Europeans for $20.70. They left it out for a very good reason. Basically, you have only two ways to notify device on the cellular network about some event: OTA-Push and SMS. OTA-Push is quite nice in it's capabilities, except that you need gateway with your cellular provider (for a fee, of course). The thing with OTA-Push is, that most cell providers didn't implement it since its specification in 2001. The another way to notify the device is sending SMS. They are not exactly cheap either and this may be well the reason, why OTA-Push is not implemented - why to kill the golden goose? There are hacks, that avoid OTA-Push and SMS. You can go ActiveSync route and keep long lived TCP connection open, but look what it will do to your battery. You cannot connect from server to the device. You know only IMSI, but not IP address (that's what OTA-Push is doing: translating IMSI to IP), or the device may even not have IP address or if it has one, it will be behind NAT. So today, you have two choices: killing your battery fast or do with SMS. That is not acceptable to Apple and the networks are not going to change. You better get to live with this situation. Illegal? Yes. Wrong? Not so sure. You should be able to download Queen songs or Steamboat Willie cartoon from the Internet. I see it as a form of civil disobedience against bought law. No matter how many trials the industry goes through, it will be not respected, because it is not balanced. Only if you live in US, or are willing to mess with US proxy. Sadly, most of the world does not live in US and therefore, hulu.com is not an option for them. Torrent is. Turn off location services, that added about one day to my battery. Also, if you have rooted phone, you can try scp (or samba) over wifi. I know, it is not obex over bluetooth, but should be faster. Crap article, intended to put down Russia. It plays on stereotypes and parrots "popular opinion" of Russia. It is opinion article. It does not cite any sources for its data, for example birthrate grows since 2005 (according to CIA factbook). And please stop the vodka/drunken nation thing, the rest of the world does not write articles that British have problem with gin anymore. Actually, the amount of (badly written) PHP code works against PHP in this case. Not due to esthetic or subjective opinions about PHP, but for very pragmatic reason - SQL. AppEngine does not support SQL as we know it, but uses the google database and GQL. Changing that huge amount of PHP with interspersed SQL statements is not worth it. As for now, it supports Python and JVM languages (that includes JRuby). But even for these languages, third party libraries can be a problem. Edit: typo Win32 is full of such inconsistencies, for example: BOOL GetMessage(LPMSG lpMsg, HWND hWnd, UINT wMsgFilterMin, UINT wMsgFilterMax); returns: > If the function retrieves a message other than WM_QUIT, the return value is nonzero. > If the function retrieves the WM_QUIT message, the return value is zero. > If there is an error, the return value is -1. For example, the function fails if hWnd is an invalid window handle or lpMsg is an invalid pointer. To get extended error information, call GetLastError. You don't, unless it really bothers you for some reason. Consider it 'real option' that is available with Linux but not with Windows or OSX. Flash uses Sorenson Video 3, which is derivative of h263. The irony is, that Apple used to exclusively license the SV3 codec for Quicktime (they used to deliver trailers in mov + sv3 + qdm2) and Adobe later licensed the same codec for Flash (later also On2 VP6 and H.264). The point is, that Quicktime has supported the video (except VP6) and audio codecs used by Flash for ages, it just does not support the flv container. If you remultiplex any youtube video into mov container, any stock Quicktime installation will be able to play it. It is not clear at all: submarine patents popping up apply to H.264 too. Both codecs are on equal standing on this issue. However, remember that Apple is a MPEG LA member, so every time someone pays for H.264 license, a cut from the money goes to Apple. Are you programmer/IT guy? If yes, please be aware that the law does not work the way you think it works. For recent example why your theory of parity of exposure is not valid, see Microsoft vs. Alcatel-Lucent. Well, HTML5 is not going to be adopted by tomorrow. The adoption will take longer than the mobile devices lifespan. It means, that if TI/Qualcomm/etc start developing Theora DSPs this year, they will be on the market and in the devices before HTML5 goes mainstream. Standardizing on Theora is pretty good incentive to have it hardware accelerated. The point of the lawsuit I referenced is to clearly demonstrate, that: "Similarly, right now if somebody starts suing over submarine claims on H.264, Apple's not really any worse off than some of the other players." is simply not true. Microsoft properly licensed MP3 format. So did other companies. Lucent sued only Microsoft and not other companies. Patent holders can pick and choose who, when and where they will be suing for infringement. There is no duty to sue all known infringements. Safari supports HTML5 video element, but not HTML5 per se. It is not finished yet. Interestingly, when YouTube supported only Sorenson, Apple didn't care for that and went on ignoring YouTube. Why it is suddenly a problem? You didn't miss anything, it is average Apple-can't-do-wrong fanboi article. To provide counterpoint to your "Once you go Mac you never go...", I did exactly that last month. My previous computer was PB12. Yes, it is dated, but until unibody MBP13 introduction Apple didn't have any other model to replace it. Well, they still don't have anything able to replace it. MBP13 has shiny display, non-replaceable battery etc. Combined with unavailability of next OSX release for PPC, I had to choose what's next. So I got an Thinkpad, that has proper display instead of mirror, easily replaceable batteries and few other perks (you can put a second battery into DVD-RW bay, and it has built-in WWAN card with great antena, oh and the keyboard rules, yay!). Regarding Unix-yness, you can run Linux of your choice either natively or in vmware (I run mine in vmware), and I'm satisfied. I don't care for iLife (I used just iTunes anyway; winamp is OK replacement) or iWork. Things that I do care for are equally well done on Windows and OSX. Writing multi-threaded software in any language, that uses shared state and locking primitives is debugging nightmare. The list of those languages includes not only Python, but Java and C# too. If the GPL version is enough, then yes, it is free. But the free as a beer binary is not free for his purposes. Sadly no, MBP15 has also 6-bit TN display. Well, there are very few notebooks with other than TN displays. Thinkpads used to have IPS, but since the introduction of latest generation (T400, T500), they have TN too. For a very short list, see a poster above ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=706579 ), he mentions one HP, one Lenovo model with optional IPS (W in series designation means workstation) and one Sony model. The iPhone is not cheap in US. Yes, you don't pay $700/€500 upfront, but you will pay the amount through duration of the contract and by losing the option to switch carriers during the next year or two. The cost is the same, just hidden. Not really true, in my corner of woods (EU), top of line T400 (LED display, P9500, hybrid graphics, 3G/HSPA modem etc) is cheaper than cheapest unibody Macbook (13). Wondered about that too. Windows shops are vary of writing functionality, that might one day compete with Microsoft. Writing net Tomcat/JBoss could clash with IIS and future frameworks. Something like this happened with nant/msbuild and nunit/mstest. Commercial companies find it difficult to justify development of tools with high risk of being obsolete soon (something competing with MS product does not stand a chance in most Windows shops). Apache projects do not care about this risk. It is. or go to about:config and set browser.urlbar.richResults to false. No, maxRichResults and richResults are separate preferences. See also: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.richResults and http://kb.mozillazine.org/Browser.urlbar.maxRichResults > Servers: ~$2000 per production box. That's Small Business Server, which comes with production licenses for SQL Server, Exchange Server, and pretty much all the backend stuff you could want. Only if you don't plan to grow beyond 50 CALs. Then it skyrockets. Yes, in the options field. Debug symbols do not impact speed in any way. They just take up disk space (and are used when needed, i.e. not during normal operation). There may be other settings that do impact the performance, but they are not debug symbols. Someone has to handle DOM part too. If you are writing your own widget wrapper (if you are subclassing UIObject or Widget, and I imagine that the Wave team is doing this), you will also have to handle cross-browser compatibility. If you don't nullify every reference, then the instance really should not be garbage collected, as it is not garbage yet. You should rather consider your application, where you are storing references and whether it is really needed (often better strategy is to make clone of the instance and treat it as disposable). Modern garbage collectors traverse the object graph and dispose everything, that is not in the graph - meaning, that closed chain of object with circular references is not a problem - they will get gc'ed. Accessing null reference does not give NullPointerException, ever. Dereferencing it does. Time. The govt gives out X/year, not the final amount X. When they want it back, it comes from different 'tranches'. This ensures, that there is always debt. Money has value only if there is debt and you must use some to get out of it. Why would you need it otherwise? Well, support for unix-style line ends would not hurt... My memories of Aquamacs are full of fighting with the thing to do what I wanted. It was overriding everything I customized in my .emacs. About the only positive thing I found about it was the ability to run in full-screen mode (something that ntemacs is still unable to do). I would like to ask you: How? Microsoft managed to support Unicode in Notepad, starting in Windows 2000; the heuristic used when detecting character sets is fragile and has potential to break what used to work (mostly opening readmes anyway). How would support for Unix style line ending break legacy software? Monoculture, Apple branding and Apple control. I'm not that these things missing on Android are bad thing, though. Your argument would be more valid when comparing for example the PPC32 to PPC64, but for IA32 vs AMD64 you are missing: - IA32 is register starved ISA, AMD64 is not. It has doubled the amount of general registers. - AMD64 doesn't have to support the x87 FPU baggage. As a result, it is simpler to deal with fp math. Not only that, Android applications respond to event like "you are about to be killed, please serialize your state" or "please restore your state", something that "classic" linux applications do not support. Android is not typical linux - it is not supposed to run on devices with gigabytes of fast memory running off AC outlet. When your memory bandwith is two orders of magnite lower, you have 128MB of it (on G1, 64MB of memory is used by the radio) and you are on battery, putting GNU system there would be not very smart - if you want something usable and with battery life longer than few hours, that is. You are now in the excitement phase about your new toy. Check back in few months, after you know that there are other things, that are broken in OSX. The keyboard problem on Thinkpads T400/T500 was solved in october 2008 - three months after introducing them and more than year ago. I've used OSX since 10.0 up to 10.5 and classic MacOS before that. I've never upgraded to 10.6 and do not plan to do so (I got Thinkpad and Windows last summer). I remember times when dlopen/dlsym didn't work (later it did); never managed to build some command line utilities and other required porting effort; macports was never functioning properly; Aquamacs ignored my customizations; was there X11.app release that did work at all?; no jdk6 for ppc; etc. From proprietary side: you could have either Office 2004 for PPC running in emulation and working macros and custom language dictionaries; or intel Office 2008 without these two things. Since switching to OSX, the Adobe suite got worse and has distinct second-class feel compared to windows version. I had some favourite software, that was originaly developed for classic MacOS (both m68k and ppc) and it does not work on modern Macs. Even software that was updated for OSX does not work, because the installer is for classic and then the updater updates the program to carbon (or whatever) version. With every switch in OSX focus there is software that is getting lost (with switch to intel, we lost some. With switch to 64b, we will lose more due to no Carbon). In short, in all those years I was using OSX I got fed up and made a full circle (dos/windows -> linux -> mac -> windows). Codename for specific version. Android 1.5 = Cupcake Android 1.6 = Donut Android 2.0 = Eclair I had hangup-on-resume experience on powerbook too. Not very often, about once a month. It was quite annoying. Indexing and returning results to search queries is not the same as publishing. The cache feature is publishing, but it is easy to remove it without impacting Google in significant way. The problem with Android is, that the time between when it gets released and when it gets onto the handset of your choice is one week (Motorola Droid and Eclair). And that is the improvement, in past it used to get onto handsets and into the wild first, then released to developers (G1 and 1.1, I'm looking at you). Basically the development process of Android is closed, Google does not comment on ongoing developments, the sources (or information) are occasionally dumped on developers. The 2.0 is still not fully open. The older releases still do not build for G1/G2 - you cannot checkout the source, configure for particular device and at the end of the process have an image that you can flash. Or the situation with ADP1 - it is supposed to be development phone, but there was still no communication, whether 2.0 will be able to run at all at the device. Developers outside Google/HTC cannot work on the tree, because it does not build... Well, I'm starting to lose respect for The Economist. There were few articles from area that I'm involved in and the articles were just one sides' arguments, without contacting the other side. The article author just met with someone in nice restaurant, listened to them and then run with the info. There was no effort for digging deeper, it is cheaper after all and fills pages too. > They deserve deference because somebody has got to secure our borders in this day and age, and like it or not, this is probably the best way to go about doing it. I'm willing to live with my feelings getting hurt if it means people aren't able to drive bombs over the border. Have you ever been to EU? Or somewhere else? How it is, that these guys are able to act professionally, non-emotionally and secure the borders without acting like assholes? This is not either-or situation, border guards can do their job without intimidation and beating people. (The US border is in fact the worst one I ever went through. Makes you think.) > Debian does, Ubuntu does, Fedora does, They do not. For Debian and Ubuntu, it is in Multiverse (non-free) repositories. For Fedora, it in RPM Fusion repository. In other words, there is no distribution that distributes H.264 or AAC, so system decoders would not help at all. Depends on USB or BT profiles supported by the phone. If it supports only USB CDC ACM or BT DUN, you are stuck with dialing. If it supports USB CDC ECM, USB RNDIS (Windows has to be special...) or BT PAN, things are much better and the phone is just another ethernet interface in your computer. Yes and no. The "No" part: Android system has (at least) three partitions - system, cache and data. Data is where applications get installed. Cache is used, well, for caching data and it must be at least the same size as system (because it holds system image when updating over the air). I don't know for sure how it is partitioned in N1, just guessing: the data partition is 192M, leaving 160M for system and 160M for cache. The "Yes" part: android partitions on proprietary hardware (and N1 is proprietary hardware, just as G1/ADP1 is) are defined in proprietary boot loader. There is currently no way to change them without going through the risk of having $500 brick on your table. It supports some non-standard too, e.g. ActiveSync. UK is not a part of Schengen area, so it is not just being island and all. Good luck with redistributing that ffmmpeg-linked build of Chromium. Or do you think that end-users are going to compile their browser? Sorry, but OpenCL is not API for hardware H.264 decoding as we know it on other platforms. Yes, OpenCL allows you to run code on GPU, but that's where it ends. It is no match to DXVA in Windows or VA-API/VDPAU in Linux, which allows you using the silicon dedicated to decoding MPEG-2/4 ASP/4 AVC/VC-1. There is no equivalent to these APIs in OSX. Apple has patents on truetype hinting, not subpixel anti-aliasing. Ironically, when working around this patent, it is easier to get results similar the OSX, rather than similar to Windows. That's difficult to say without benchmarking. Yes, you can offload some computations to GPU (you certainly are not going to parse the bitstream or VLD decode using shader programs), but do you get net gain, when you are shuffling buffers over PCI-E? You also limit your target audience to NVidia 9400 and up when talking about OSX, basically telling the Macbook users with Intel graphic cards, that they do not need to apply (Intel 3100 and 4500 are perfectly capable of decoding H.264 and VC-1, just not through shaders). Because they are based in France and EU does not recognize software patents. If you are using VLC in US/Japan, it is your responsibility to pay the fee. It is does not solve Mozilla's problem with fees paid by authors and publishers. Do you want to pay license fees for videos you will put on your webpage? Thought so... There is another advantage VLC has: it is academic project, sponsored by University. Even in US, you can use patented technologies for research without license. Actually, it is new thing in Windows 7, so Vista also does not have H.264 decoder. What about turning it around? 100% has access to open decoder, and if 2% wants to use licensed codec, they can. Remember, Theora was suggested as baseline codec, not as only codec. Given that Ericsson F3507g mini-pcie card is $80 give or take, I doubt that the $130 3G upgrade is at cost. The 256 MB (or whatever) is not Android limitation, it is limitation of specific device. Large applications can put data on SD card, where they are limited by the card size. I have the ADP1, which has around 70 MB partition for applications, yet I use navigation app, which has 2.8 GB worth of data (entire EU + few surrounding countries). Well, because R&D and marketing costs are fixed costs and go to SG&A (Sales, general and administration). What the article talks about is variable cost and it goes into COGS (Cost of goods sold). Yes, it is, but it is currently not used for production. Dalvik does not care about language, it converts java class files to dex file. However, Scala/Clojure/etc have runtimes with quite significant initialization time, that gets lost on desktop, but not on mobile devices. Scala is getting there with minimal runtime, but Clojure still initializes too much and the startup time of Clojure application on Android is atrocious. When building the binary, set target/use SDK for Android 1.5 (or even 1.1, if you can). The older handsets will be able to run it too. Android 2.1 is currently running only on Nexus One, 2.0 is Motorola Milestone/Droid, HTC G1 and HTC Magic are 1.6, HTC Hero and Samsung Galaxy are 1.5. There is integer-only decoder for Vorbis, called Tremor. What is missing is decoding by DSPs built in mobile devices. You need to bug TI, Broadcom and other DSP makers for that. Well, given that Nokia S60v3 browser _is_ webkit, I don't think that the results with your suggested stylesheet would be satisfactory. Would you accept it on your iphone? Gettting used to using the OS provided codecs can be a problem, because it forces you into specific codec, that you may want to avoid and disallows to use codec you want to use. For example, I can't imagine Bink being hardware accelerated anytime soon. It is Ubisoft. See this http://www.shacknews.com/onearticle.x/62098 (random article from google) for example. The best bargain got the lXnXvX buyers, who bought vista machines eligible for win7 upgrade - they received pristine win7 oem discs, without any enhanced experience or other garbage. 56kbps was download only, upload was 33.6kbps. There are some more copies, for example: format 35: mp4/h264/aac, 480p@main format 34: flv/h264/aac, 360p@main format 5: flv/svq3/mp3, 400x226 format 36: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 320x240 format 17: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/aac, 176x144 format 13: 3gp/mpeg-4 asp/amr, 176x144 Three letters - LQA. You find another translator to a given language and let him/her proofread the translation. You do QA in another fields, why the translation should be different? Well, starting with the famous UI lawsuit... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Computer,_Inc._v._Microso... What you can do with Ogg (and MPEG-1&2 PS) is to jump into middle of stream and play it from there (think broadcast radio or TV). You can't do that with Matroska (or MPEG-4 system for that matter), becuase you always need header at the beginning of file. > MPEG patents, which (I believe) also offers submarine patent protection in that the MPEG-LA would be solely liable for not finding them earlier should trouble arise. Why so many people believe this and where it comes from? I see it repeated so many times, always without reference. FYI, from AVC licensing FAQ: Q: Are all AVC essential patents included? A: No assurance is or can be made that the License includes every essential patent. The purpose of the License is to offer a convenient licensing alternative to everyone on the same terms and to include as much essential intellectual property as possible for their convenience. Participation in the License is voluntary on the part of essential patent holders, however. It is pretty unusual in mobile. Since the dawn of smartphones (or J2ME feature phones before that), the Symbian and Windows Mobile development was free for all game. No NDAs, no contract, just download the SDK, develop and distribute whatever you want. That changed with RIM and Apple. After these, Symbian also began to act stupidly with their Symbian Signed initiative. Multiple resolutions is not a problem, it is just pathetic excuse of Apple fanbois. Just wait, until Apple comes with iPhone using higher res, then of course it will be best thing since sliced bread and Apple will be first with such a novel concept. You are right, Symbian Signed was launched in 2005, it was new feature in Symbian 9/Series60 v3. The difference was, that Symbian Signed aimed for accountability - they wanted to trace back, who made which binary. They didn't really cared what the binary did, just in case of malware, there was accountability. You got your certificate upfront and in 99% cases, they didn't care what you are going to write and how you intend to distribute it. The rest 1% (still hugely inflated number) was, when you requested root-like capabilities (i.e. you would have a way to mess with hardware or DRM directly), then they wanted to hear your business case. BREW platform was, to put it bluntly, non-player on non-market (US was at the time considered backward contry mobile-wise and the rest of the world ignored BREW). RIM was never popular among third-party developers, and among users everyone was buying BB for the messaging, nobody cared for third-party apps. I do have problem with Apple's approach with the App Store. I think it is unreasonable to be bridge-watching troll between me and my device. IF there was a way to sideload unsigned or self-signed binaries, that would be not a problem, but App Store is the only way to put app on the device, and this way is gated. If the App Store was optional (althrough still preferred or popular) way, I would not have problem with paying for hosting and cataloging apps. Returning "not implemented" is compliant with POSIX specification, but does not make the implementation useful. Which is exactly the case of NT POSIX subsystem. Actually, HTC G1 runs Android 2.1 just fine. A little bit on the sluggish side, but fine. Somewhat. I know, it is not useful answer. Some things are faster (the browser, for example), but some are way slower (when launching apps, there is an uncomfortable delay, the phone app is also very slow, it can take up to one second to change state on the screen to correspond to the call state). I blame two things: a) "Sorry, the Nexus One phone is not available in your contry or region" message at google.com/phone, and b) when it is available, it is €599 or (€199 + €45/mo for two years). When I saw the ad, my first thought was "great, you get to keep it for yourself". Outside of enthusiasts, no one is going to get phone for 600 euros. > And the Droid doesn't have this problem? Yes, it does. But it is still more available than N1. > Except all the people that do? The original iPhone was this expensive and didn't even have 3G. And yet people bought them in droves. Original iPhone was $399 and $499. €599 is north of $800, thats more than 1/3 more expensive. And I also remember that the original iPhone was met with collective yawn on this side of pond and almost nobody bought unsubsidized. Chrome is also intel-only, so even if you were running 10.5 on your iBook, still tough luck with ppc. Desktop distributions do have single video codec API (gstreamer). But browsers are unlikely to use OS-provided libraries for anything downloaded over net, if they can avoid it. If there is a exploit found in third-party code, the browsers cannot work around it and they get the blame (remember the Firefox-on-Windows shell exploit?). Exactly, as a sysadmin, he should appreciate, that he is not solving buffer overflows all the time. Regarding the more work, as a sysadmin, it is his job to make the machines run the application. His salary and benefits are part of the cost using the higher level languages/additional computers. His rant could be taken as "lazy sysadmin" problem, while what he is ranting against was just costs/benefits decision. Sorry, I was inprecise. Of course sysadmins do not solve buffer overflows, they solve what happens when someone exploits one. I understand what you are saying, you see that the flight to the moon was done by something equivalent to C64 and today we are allow wasting orders of magnitude more computing power. What I'm trying to tell you, look at the whole picture. There is a cost associated with writing and maintaing software. That hand optimized assembly application is going to be more expensive (and take longer to deliver) than the Java/c#/whatever equivalent. There is another cost associated with purchasing and operating hardware (that includes paying sysadmins, for example). The business has to consider what is more effective, and usually HL language/more HW is the more efficient solution. What, more efficient, you say? We were talking about wasting the computer power. Yes, more efficient overall. We have a method for measuring wasting resources - money. You are going either waste some money on hardware/electricity/floor space/sysadmins, or programmers/time to deliver/managing larger team/managing recruiting and retaining competent programmers. Not only is the former cheaper, it is also easier to quantify and manage. It is no wonder, that you do not see companies taking the later approach. At the end, what most people do not understand (not only technical people, but most people) is that successful enterprise is not a 100% efficient one. There is going to be waste, but it must be in the right spot. Actually, conceptually it is similar to profiling, you don't optimize spots that do not matter in the big picture. And computing power does not matter for most business, it is a cheap resource. People, on the other hand, is not. It is not 9, but 7,5. And it is not in the bank, it is cash & equivalent (if they have it in the bank, the shareholders should be unhappy - the company does not know what to do with the money). They have also 26b in retained earnings. Do their shareholders get enough return on capital gain? (to answer myself: if you bought it 1 year ago, then yes; 2 years ago - no). Given that Webwise replaces original ads with ISP's ads, and the website gets exactly nada from any clicks, I'd say that it is pretty much website's business. He wanted to work for Microsoft, but they didn't employ him (to be fair, he was not US citizen and he didn't fulfil the H1-B requirements). After that, he started Gnome (complete with the CORBA-fiasco) and later Mono. Source available does not mean open source. The term "open-source" has a very specific definition. Singularity is not open-source, though its source is available. So was the Rotor, for example. what % of those industries have used Macs in the past? There's a reason for that. The Android tablets have advantages, that are only indirectly caused by open source. Having a lot more control over the software, hardware and not to be beholden to a single supplier is invaluable in industrial use. This is something I also don't understand. Many people were opposed to introducing DRM, TC etc into Windows and PCs by Microsoft, Intel & co. But when Apple comes and takes the trusted computing much further than the original TC alliance dared to go (they didn't even think about not allowing running unsigned executables or being the only entity with root certificate), it makes eveything allright? Makes me wonder what happened to thought process of techies during last years.