"Google's name still comes up when any evil corporate behavior is discussed in any nerd community (not so much non-nerd groups) because of that great catch phrase, especially when Microsoft is mentioned." I think it was Cringely who said something like: "Microsoft's slogan is similar to Google's, but slightly different. Be evil." They didn't bother to ask you whether you already knew RoR? Or they're willing to pay you to learn it? I want to know how you pulled this off. Skimming the article, I don't see how it's feasible to ethically engineer a "human equivalent intelligence". The author talks about engineering a toddler level intelligence, the reasoning being that the toddler program would not be capable of figuring out a way to "escape" its box and getting into mischief that humans would be unable to control or prevent. But the thought of "turning off" a toddler equivalent makes me queasy. Will the toddler think it is a person? What an awful, worse-than-Truman's-World-nightmare it would be for that "toddler" to find out the truth. Could we ethically "turn off" such a program? Even if it knows that it is not human, if it is truly equivalent to a toddler it is almost certain to introduce some kind of ethical quandries we cannot possibly predict before the program actually exists. I do not see any safe way to pursue this project and successfully avoid ethical landmines. I am also troubled by the vaguely utopian hopes this man has for his personal project. Attempts by people to implement any kind of utopian vision tend to end badly. Wil Shipley on unit tests: http://wilshipley.com/blog/2005/09/unit-testing-is-teh-suck-urr.html I think what he's saying is unit tests don't add much if you are doing UI type development. It is hard to write unit tests for UIs (web or GUI), so if most of your code is UI code, don't bother. However, if you are writing a library that will be used by a lot of coders, unit tests are probably indispensable. Otherwise, you would never be able to make even simple architecture or design changes (refactoring). If you have a wife and/or family, keeping the day job can very well be the most responsible thing to do. As far as I know, this is largely an American (U.S.) phenomenon. I don't think many other countries have the kind of disparity between managers and other employees that American corporations have. I have also read analyses suggesting compensation is often influenced by the fact that board members are usely CEOs of other companies who know that their compensation will go up if the compensation of other CEOs go up. If true, that would qualify as "sinister" in my judgement. $600 + ($60 x 24) = $2,040 (including minimum two year contract) So you misunderestimated the actual price. The hole will be shaped something like this: http://www.johnlewis.com/jl_assets/product/230404933.jpg As a parent of young kids, this was the most terrifying part of the article, if this trend continues. You mean my kids will still be living in my house after college, and I'll be expected to go to job interviews and negotiations with them? Bought by Compaq. http://news.com.com/2100-1001-207442.html When our kids play room is filled with a mess of toys, they mostly ignore all of them and act bored. If those toys are put into storage in the basement and just a select few toys are chosen to leave out, they show a lot more interest in those toys. We have also decided to hold an annual yard sale with other families on our street to get rid of as much stuff as possible every year. But you might want to start looking for your next gig before the paychecks actually stop. There seem to be more references to Lisps (Common Lisp + Scheme) in that thread than this one. Has anyone previously using a Lisp for your startup since abandoned it? What were the reasons? The best summation of Searle's argument I've heard went something like "When you run a simulation of a rain storm, nothing gets wet. So if you run a simulation of a brain, does any 'thinking' happen?" Of course it's just word games. But it is equally word games to say that a machine 'thinks'. We use thinking to describe certain processes that happen in human brains, so to say that machines 'think' is really just a sort of metaphor. And if you think this is overly pedantic when discussing the possibility of the Singularity, consider this question. If someone told you that your brain could be 'uploaded' into a computer and run as a program that for all intents and purposes would be 'you' except much smarter and immortal, would you be willing to go through with this process if it were irreversible and your current brain were destroyed as part of the process? Just what is 'you' anyway? "Intelligence is fundamentally an information processing function." You can certainly define "intelligence" this way. But does it make sense to say "the human brain is an information processing function"? It's a non-sequitur. A brain can process information. A machine can process information. Does that make the brain and an information processing machine QUALITATIVELY the same thing? "Here's the real question: When you run a simulation of a Turing machine, does any computation happen?" If a simulation of a human brain receives a simulated stimulation of the appearance of his beloved, does the simulation's heart beat faster? Does the simulation maybe start sweating a little? Does the simulation experience all the little physiological changes that the non-simulated human experiences? A human brain is part of an organism, and I don't think it's a useful metaphor to call a human being a computation engine. I suppose you could theoretically simulate everything about the world in which real human beings exist and then at that point claim the simulation is qualitatively the same as what is simulated. But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world? Notice all the question marks? Searle is engaging in philosophy, and I think many quantitative types have a hard time accepting that there may be questions that do not have easy quantitative answers. Which is my point. I don't have the answers, but find Searle's objections worth pondering. Leave it to news.ycombinator to post the answer to my rhetorical question before I finished typing it: http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/quant-ph/pdf/0110/0110141v1.pdf Answering: "But just how exact does your simulation have to be to make that claim? Down to the quantum level? Will even the singularity produce that kind of computing power in the near future? Even then, are the things in the simulation qualitatively the same as the things in our world?" Americans do hate WalMart. But they still shop there. "...but it also doesn't force you to adopt a paradigm. This flexibility is C++'s greatest strength, as well as its greatest weakness." Lisp is mult-paradigm also. I think the difference is that Lisp has a philosophy. The paradigms fit together in a consistent way. For example, Common Lisp has an object system, CLOS. But they implemented it around generic functions, in order to keep the functional programming nature of Lisp intact. Lisp will let you do pretty much anything. But it often gives you a "nudge" in a particular direction. I believe pg points this out in On Lisp; you can write procedural code in Lisp, for example, but the code flows a lot better if you write in a functional style. C++ just seems like a kitchen sink language. Everything is in there somewhere. But it doesn't seem like the parts were designed to fit together in any particular way. Once I completed an essay assignment for a college Shakespeare class, filling in everything I knew the teacher wanted me to say. At the end however, I wrote something like "However, I don't actually believe what I wrote above." When I got the marked essay back, there were lots of positive comments in the margins, until the last paragraph. There the comment was, "Jim, I think we should discuss this." I got an A in that class. I think there was a study that showed that Ivies, MIT, Stanford, etc. are really good at finding and admitting very talented, driven people. However, that same study found that equally talented, driven people who chose to attend a less prestigious school did just as well in their careers as the people who went to the big name schools. So there probably is a correlation between "I went to Harvard." and "I will be successful." But not necessarily causation. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html Scroll down to Appendix: Power. The Perl solution is close to the Lisp solution in terms of brevity. The solution in other languages tend to be longer or the problem can't be solved at all. Choice quote: "In the rivalry between Perl and Python, the claim of the Python hackers seems to be that that Python is a more elegant alternative to Perl, but what this case shows is that power is the ultimate elegance: the Perl program is simpler (has fewer elements), even if the syntax is a bit uglier." Interesting conclusion. He seems to be arguing that Microsoft was brought to heel by the marketplace, and that the court proceedings against it were redundant and counter productive. And now the same is true for Apple. You can't beat them with lawsuits, only by making better products. I'm not so sure, though, that the lawsuits MSFT faced had no effect on the marketplace outcomes we're now seeing. Would PC vendors be so quick to put Linux on PCs if MSFT wasn't being monitored by the US DOJ and probed non-stop by the EU? But of course: "The record of the Vice Fund has not been without blemishes. Its founder, Richard A. Sapio, and two other executives at the fund's advisory firm, Mutuals.com, were accused in 2003 of securities-related fraud and in 2004 of conspiracy to commit securities fraud, wire fraud and mail fraud." Maybe the kind of thing you should think about before investing in something proudly calling itself "The Vice Fund". upmodded you, but they're called MacBooks now. Aquamacs is a pretty good crutch if you want to wean yourself off of standard keyboard shortcuts slowly. Basically, 'Cmd' + key does the Emacs thing most closely corresponding to the usual thing a Mac program would do. Cmd-O for Open, Cmd-X to cut, etc. This works because the main Emacs key combinations use Ctrl, of course. There's several questions in there related to probability. I think that's pretty important to a lot of what Google does. Maybe the most important part of the article for would be straight, single, male ycombinators is this: "I mentioned by way of contrast that I am in the "software business." Now, I love what I do for a living, but really, generally speaking, the occupation does not bring me into contact with a lot of attractive and available young women. It is nothing like, say, being a photographer, a marketing or media exec, a fashion designer, a yoga instructor or a lifeguard. There are probably a hundred other such occupations. Better than all of them must be, "straight male ballet dancer" or running a dance company." Maybe you should all be starting your own dance company instead of a software start up? All made possible by 6000 packages of ramen noodles provided by pg: "And Paul Graham gives them another 6000 boxes of instant noodles to eat, so they stay in business another three years perfecting things." "While CPUs are getting faster and RAM is growing like crazy, bandwidth is not growing..." ...in the U.S. "Unless maybe you've done lots of SWT/Swing programming, then you will at least have a general understanding on how to layout stuff graphically and use event listeners." Now I DEFINITELY don't want to use GWT. "All you have to do is convince users to download your C++ app that DOES contain a Ruby interpreter and runs in the background..." Good luck with that. "Hey, if it gets them laid..." Good luck with that. I like this quote: "To this day, most philosophers suffer from Plato's disease: the assumption that reality fundamentally consists of abstract essences best described by words or geometry. (In truth, reality is largely a probabilistic affair best described by statistics.)" "...the Economist is probably the best (IMHO) news source out there..." I'm also always impressed by how evenly they cover the globe. There are sections for Europe, Asia, Africa, the Americas, etc. of roughly equal weight. And features often cover the economic impact of an event around the world, not just a specific country or region. A great way to get a feel for what's really happening outside your little part of the planet. "Having paid the fine, the parents no longer felt as bad about being late." It became paid babysitting. "My posts are too long." In this case, no. "Or that this reality is a computer simulation and we wake up in a bigger computer simulation where we get bored sometimes and choose to spend lifetimes during interesting periods of time." "Either of these are much more likely than the eternal afterlife of a theistic god..." What's the difference between these two? ""We think the future is going to be software plus services," Darren Strange, senior product manager for Microsoft Office, said. "There are some things which thick client [Microsoft's favoured model, where PCs are linked to a central server but can operate independently] is better at than [web-based services] X offline use being a big one." The need for off-line access to data is shrinking every day. Many people simply can't do their job without a network connection. "You also can't create the richness of an application like Word through a thin client [where a user's PC is effectively a dumb terminal and the processing of data is done elsewhere]". Why not? Maybe not today, but next year, five years from now? Items get checked off the "can't do that in a browser" list every day. "Our smartest people are looking at mash-ups [where several online tools are fused together to create new ones] and web 2.0-type applications [which focus on online tools that allow users to collaborate and share information]". They're just LOOKING INTO mash-ups and Web 2.0 applications now? Isn't the industry looking for a Web 3.0 model already? Have you ever seem most managers give a presentation? Enough said I think. :-) "If the idea is "lets make a better search engine that uses a unique ranking system based on links to estimate the popularity of any given page" then I'd say the idea is worth something." Not without a working implementation, no. "The probable difference between ConnectU and Facebook? Facebook spammed all of Harvard to get its initial traction, ConnectU didn't." Right. Execution. I like this idea: "This could take the form of reserving a modest number of places in the freshman class -- say 5 percent to 10 percent -- for applicants who, having met a high academic threshold, would be selected at random. While the admissions office would know the identities of the students admitted by lottery, no one else -- not faculty, not employers and not the students themselves -- would." I agree with the author that it would be a good way to assess if the more involved admissions process selected higher quality students. "Us high-end types will be as vulnerable as assembly-line workers." I think this is the most insightful statement in the article. I keep hearing "yes, but the high end tasks will remain here" from every proponent of overseas outsourcing. Why? Indian people and Chinese people and I'm sure people from lots of other countries are just as smart as us and often highly educated. There is absolutely no reason they can't do so called "high end tasks" as well as we can. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2uIJqqOlQw I'm not sure that racism is worthy of deep contemplation. "And as biased and prejudiced as this may sound, I've found that workers from India and China often have "shake-and-bake" qualifications...." I suspect that's due to the rapid growth of the software development industry there. Allegedly similar things happened during the dot boom here in the 90s, when there was so much demand for software that many unqualified and under-qualified people were hired. On the other hand, there was a Wall Street Journal article recently (much discussed here, I think) about how the best developers in India can command salaries closer to their Silicon Valley counterparts than the typical Indian IT salary. Perhaps "you get what you pay for" applies? "someone who apparently has a Masters in IT yet doesn't understand that "var1 = textfiedl1 + textfield2" is NOT something I want to see in proper VB.Net code?" I suspect you can find similar code from American developers. The only difference is that over here a lot of the less dedicated programmers have left the field and so now we have their Indian counterparts doing the same low quality work for less money. "Nevermind that I swear I heard him utter "wow, that's genius" when I cobbled together a session-based auth script.... ugh." If the article's portrayal of "Honey" is indicative, he may have been just trying to stroke your ego. :) "Real-world experience is more important than qualifications." No argument there. Best quote: ""Lead" is ... the present-tense verb meaning "not doing any coding"" I suspect the use of italics indicate sarcasm. "If SQL was so great, why in the heck there is so many ORM frameworks out there?" Uh, isn't that an argument FOR the popularity of relational DBs? There would be no need for ORM tools if there weren't lots of R databases that programmers need to interface with. To turn your rhetorical question around "Why haven't OO databases become popular if that's what so many people really need?" "How about actually having the database start evolving just like programing languages have?" What's stopping you from solving this problem? Sounds like a great entrepreneurial opportunity. Maybe you could submit a YC application. I think Ellison and the Oracle guys consulted for years in order to eat while working on their relational technology until they thought they were close enough to go for it and drop the consulting and bet everything on the database as a product. Maybe you could take a similar approach? I'll bite. We likely have more information about product quality than at any time in history through the Internet. This is also an argument for allowing legal action like the class action lawsuit to discourage faulty and negligent craftsmanship. Although, if that is an argument for or against market forces I'm not sure. Here are some contrarian positions (to go with those already presented): The article currently refers to "a society's wealth" but not the distribution thereof. The American economy has grown significantly since 2000, for example, but the median wage has not. Is there any point to a growing economy when the median citizen is not benefiting from it? There is a brief mention of the irrationality of voters who do not trust increasing market forces as a means of solving health care problems. However, one can argue that we have a more market based health care system than the systems of Western Europe, for example, but worse health outcomes. How can we be sure, then, that increasing market forces even more will improve the situation? Or as expressed by Glenn Reid, quoted in the article: "A markup language is predicated on the idea that the markup is an exception in a river of text." "...such as the centralization of files..." This one is huge. Edit your files at any time from any computer. Your friends, co-workers and collaborators can edit the same documents, even at the same time from different places. With a single history of revisions. Backups taken care of for you (maybe you don't trust google on this but they probably do a better job backing up data than the majority of the computer using population). This one thing alone changes the entire paradigm of document creation, sharing, etc. A lot of people study Japanese, think Japan is really cool, and would enjoy living there, I think. I think Korea is behind Japan in these trends but catching up. I do agree, though, that Japan does have a reputation of being not very inviting to foreigners that is to some degree deserved. I don't know as much about S. Korea in this regard. Japan could probably do much to solve some of their looming economic problems (low birth rate and rapidly aging population, for example) by allowing more people to immigrate and integrate into Japanese society and culture. Especially entrepreneurial, technology loving types who could contribute a lot to Japan's high tech economy. "In grad school, I remember having the realization that every discipline has it's own little shorthand lingo. I remember thinking about how confusion can result when there are clashes/overlaps in, for example, acronyms." I've long ago lost track of all the different meanings I've run into for the word "feature", for example. Practitioners of various academic disciplines (or even in the same discipline but for a different theory) use this term for all kinds of things with absolutely no connection to each other. I nominate this for most overloaded academic term. Any other nominees? "I believe Ballmer is just too smart for most people to understand and he uses his own language, he doesn't care if others understand..." So he's Humpty Dumpty. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humpty_dumpty#References_in_pop... Starter Pack is another effort that addresses some of the noted deficiencies in Common Lisp. http://weitz.de/starter-pack/ Technically, the whole project including GUI installer only works on LispWorks. However, the selection of libraries makes a good approximation to a CL standard library and it's not too hard to figure out how to install all of them in SBCL or whatever other CL implementation you have. This gets you much closer to the starting point of a "batteries included" language like Python. If every CL implementation in the world simply bundled all of the libraries in Starter Pack, a lot of the legitimate criticisms of CL would be solved. (If you are one of those people who just say "too many parentheses", however, there is no help for you.) Looks like pg hurry things up with getting Arc out or Qi will beat it to become the 21st century 100 Year Language. :) "It's just that in our normal efforts of engineering, we've been too constrained to see with such things." Who is he referring to here? Pretty much any CS or ECE student will encounter the Turing machine at some point. Wolfram talks like he is the only one aware of something that I'm sure is common knowledge among the "normal" engineers responsible for creating the computing machines we use every day. Then we can all use our iPhones on the Verizon network without jailbreaking them! That is, if I had an iPhone... "A lot of the 'value' in a language is its network of users." I wish Common Lisp programmers would realize that. Many are outwardly hostile to the very idea of their language becoming popular with the barbaric hordes of uncivilized Java and C# and PHP programmers. Well, those that post on comp.lang.lisp that is. I suspect the Common Lisp "community" is one of the reasons pg is developing Arc. This is what happens when you take a working e-commerce site written in Lisp and rewrite it in C++. "There are a lot of dumb people that are millionaires." But are there a lot of dumb people who BECOME millionaires, without winning the lottery? "Besides private school, they could live somewhere else, or homeschool." What if both parents work? What if everywhere else they can afford to live has public schools just as bad? "If marketing is what matters, how did Java (in its C# incarnation) displace Visual Basic?" Java had outstanding marketing. It caught the .com wind in its sails and managed to get the industry press all talking about how this platform independent language was going to replace all the platform specific development environments. My take on why Common Lisp is not more popular: http://programming.reddit.com/info/1z8b8/comments/c1zbhh I think they are also for fixing other people's bad code. If you diligently refactor as you go, by replacing repeated code with functions or macros, you don't need a complicated tool to do it. However, if you have inherited some code where the preferred reuse method is copy paste, this is much more risky. You need to be sure that you got all of the cases and that you don't inadvertently break anything. This is yet another reason to start a startup instead of getting a "real job" :). Chicken, egg? "In criminal matters, law enforcement is experienced in separating legitimate tips from unsubstantiated fears, and allocating resources accordingly; we should expect no less from them when it comes to terrorism." I don't think you can expect untrained citizens to distinguish between false alarms and something genuinely concerning. However, it is asinine for a trained police officer to then investigate, find nothing, and arrest someone anyway. There needs to be consequences for anyone in a position of authority for arresting an innocent person simply to cover their own posteriors. Wonder how Microsoft feels about this? Is that Facebook investment still worth as much as they paid for it? Looks like Google is consistently a few steps ahead of them whatever they do. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6304687408656696643 Seconded. Don't remember the last time I went to the ER for myself. With 2 boys in the house (now 3 and 5) we had a stretch of 3 visits to the ER in one year. You are speaking based on a gut feeling, and the article cites what appears to be pretty thorough research and investigation into actual, real life geniuses and what they had in common. I know which I'm going to put more stock in. This is clearly addressed in the article. "Studies of chess masters and highly successful artists, scientists and musicians usually find their IQs to be above average, typically in the 115 to 130 range, where some 14 per cent of the population reside - impressive enough, but hardly as rarefied as their achievements and abilities." For example. I suspect that the researchers cited in the article might point out people who demonstrated aptitude like Yano's and yet did not achieve as much as someone who had less aptitude but worked harder. There is some baseline of innate aptitude required for excellence, but among people surpassing that baseline hard work is what distinguishes them; that is the hypothesis proffered in the article. As for Mozart, the point was that even he had to put in over 10 years of work before producing his best work. But, because he started at 3 he got there at a really early age. I think the elephant in the living room ignored in this debate is: Median wages in the U.S. are falling. Full stop. Mr. Aron keeps saying "so get out of IT and do something else". But except for a small and shrinking number of people, wages have been stagnant for the last 7 years. There are a handful of people soaking up all of the growth in our economy. So there's a good chance that even if you do pick something besides IT, you don't have a very good future ahead of you in the United States. Unless you are already rich, in which case the future prospects of getting even richer look very bright. I think startups are a good solution to this problem (not just software, but taking advantage of the ease of incorporating, marketing, communicating, outsourcing etc. enabled by technology). But I am concerned about how well it scales. In startups, the best competitor in a market can take almost all of the growth and profits for itself and leave little for everyone else. Are there enough startup niches out there to provide a living for everyone in a country with 300 million people? Otherwise, look for more peasants with torches and pitchforks demanding a more socialist/communist economic model. (ps Yes, this is all my observations from my perspective living in the U.S. but I am curious if people in other developed countries face similar issues and how they are dealing with it.) Did anyone else notice this on the same site? http://www.newartisans.com/blog_files/ready.lisp.on.osx.php Zero fuss way to get started with Common Lisp on Mac OS X. Aquamacs bundled with SBCL, launches immediately into REPL at startup. I will recommend this to anyone who wants to learn Lisp on the Mac. "But at some point, if you want to build Web apps, you are going to have to learn to install software and set up a database and really learn to use a code editor." Why? I mean, yes, you absolutely have to have those skills today. But for a lot of uses, this service, if it actually works would be more than adequate. And there is a "code editor" in the demos. Probably not a very good one, yet, but I bet it gets a lot better quickly. Saying "you can't do web development in a web browser" is like saying "you can't run office applications in a web browser" or "you can't edit photos in a web browser". Every day those "can't do in a web browser" items get whittled away a little more. Having said that, perhaps you're getting at "leaky abstractions"? There will always be something that you need to tweak, as a developer, that the development environment hasn't made accessible to you. That is certainly true, but I think that could become the exception more and more, and day to day development could happen in a web development environment. Developing in the exact same environment in which your app is running certainly raises interesting possibilities. When they all started writing for the web. Not sure exactly when that was, though, day and date. Hmm, so where does Joel's NewSDK fit into this analogy? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2007/09/18.html It looks like there are (at least) two simultaneous battles going on to establish new APIs. One for cell phone hardware. One for "web applications". Interesting that Google is heavily invested in both. DaniFong addresses that here: "Learn everything from first principles, and when something looks wrong, bring it up." Maybe not fulfilling all of the requirements for a degree per se, but Phillip Greenspun finds a university a great source of entertainment. "Taking advantage of my location in Cambridge, I have sat in on some classes at MIT in Atmospheric Physics, Biology, and Geology. I also teach a software engineering lab course at MIT every three or four semesters (textbook). But for me, the university has mostly been a source of entertainment; I have never looked to it as a source of income." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science (Appendix E) So the compelling reason might not be that getting a degree will impress other people, but that learning is a fun and enriching experience. Yes, there are dead trees in libraries, but lectures, being able to ask questions to someone who is an expert in what you want to learn, and collaborating with peers who also want to learn are difficult to duplicate with only dead trees. "I think that what sets me apart from the masses isn't in hardware (a better brain), but software (beliefs and an outlook more conducive to learning)." From your list of accomplishments, I suspect one of the skills that sets you apart is your time management capabilities. Otherwise commonly known as self-discipline. "I like to think that I'm on the billionaire path." It's not clear that there is any billionaire path. Multi-millionaire, sure. There are lots of ways to achieve that through skill and hard work. But the billionaire path is being on the multi-millionaire path, having an extremely rare opportunity serendipitously present itself to you, recognizing it, and then making a long series of good decisions without any major missteps. There is a lot on that path you have not control over. Talent, effort, and even wisdom are probably not enough to keep you on it by themselves. "and then this easy class to finish off my minor), I slept on most of it, yet I managed to show up in tests and (to my suprise) got a B." The classes I think are easy are the ones that scare me. I've had a couple experiences where I thought a class was not going to be challenging and ended up with a worse grade than classes where the material was harder. "PS: I am of the opinion that anyone completing a four-year degree with a 4.0 grade point average did not get their money's worth out of college." I am reminded that Bill Gates would find ways to take graduate courses that interested him that he did not have the prerequisites for and argue with the professor from the first day of class. Not the most efficient path to getting a high GPA, but likely a good way to learn a lot in a short period of time. What do you think is important? Basketball. "As for the dripping with egotism bit, that is an interesting problem." Maybe he needs someone with more life experience who is experienced at writing for the web to advise him on how not to "drip" his egotism quite so much while still communicating his point. Maybe even someone with a past business relationship with Aaron who he might respect. Not to name names or anything. :) Of the ones I've read, I think e-rage has the best chance of actually catching on. You should send it to Dr. Knuth. I thought that one was pretty tame. "And what did he talk about? A screwup by a restaurant he went to. And how the host worked hard, overhard even, to pacify him about it." ... "Cooling out marks is how institutions persuade people to accept things they think are wrong. The con-man convinces you getting stolen from is OK. Your job convinces you it's OK that they're corrupt. The restaurant persuades you it's OK that they're incompetent." So, if someone at a restaurant makes some kind of mistake, and the host works hard to make it right, it is important to not forgive them and go on holding a grudge, because that would just make you "the mark". I think that's the moral he's putting forth here. And furthermore, you should hold the same kind of grudges against inanimate entities, like "the economy". "Did the economy cheat you, fire you, stick you in some crappy job with a crabby boss? Listen, the motivational speaker explains, it's not the economy's fault." So, remember, the Economy is out to get you! I don't even know what this means. Corporate CEOs, sure. Congress and the President, sure. Illegal immigrants, I suppose you could argue a case there if you really wanted to. But anthropomorphizing the economy seems a little off, to me. Obviously, Aaron is a guy with high intelligence and substantial skill. He played a part in a successful company at a very early age, has contributed some highly praised source code to the open source community, and is still ambitious, idealistic and involved in a lot of things. But reading his blog makes me think he's also a little wacky. But, as pg pointed out, thank God I didn't have a blog that the entire world could read when I was in my early 20s! For the sake of balance, I thought this was really good: http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/decenttodo How to write software that people want is something Aaron knows about and he expresses himself well on that topic. If you're curious about this, I suggest following the official Joel on Software "The Business of Software" Discussion Forum. http://discuss.joelonsoftware.com/?biz I tend to think of it as "Hacker News for people with a mortgage". "Another lie in this essay is that it was Bernie Greenberg who discovered that Lisp was a good language in which to write Emacs. In fact, I wrote the first Emacs in Lisp, for the Lisp machine, a fact of which Stallman is completely aware. It was afterwards that my close friend Bernie, who was one of the other Symbolics founders, wrote Multics Emacs." "And while IaEURXm setting the record straight, the original (TECO-based) Emacs was created and designed by Guy L. Steele Jr. and David Moon. After they had it working, and it had become established as the standard text editor at the AI lab, Stallman took over its maintenance." Of everything in the article this, if accurate, is the most disappointing to me. I've always thought about RMS that, regardless of what you think of his political views on software, the guy who wrote Emacs must be a great hacker. Although, even if all he accomplished was keeping Emacs free (FSF sense), that's still something. If Emacs had gone proprietary at some point, it surely would have disappeared by now. Am I overreacting here? Is Weinreb downplaying Stallman's part in creating Emacs? Pretty much all software builds on previous software in one way or another, and maybe Stallman took the Emacs that Weinreb describes and made it into something much greater. Can anyone fill in the blanks for me? 1. This sounds an awful lot like the story of NeXt, from making their own custom hardware, to the super advanced software development environment that they eventually tried to sell by itself for other platforms. Too bad there was no struggling, mainstream company to buy them that they could have then taken over from the inside. 2. Half way through, I was thinking, it would be fun to contrast this with ITA as bad and good examples of how to start a Lisp company with a bunch of guys from MIT. And then he says he works at ITA! So, lesson is, if you're going to start a Lisp company, don't make Lisp the product, make it your secret weapon. "For example there could be a list of logged in users to be displayed in the sidebar, or any number of widgets. It seems unnatural to have to gather the data for those in every controller call." Aren't these things conceptually separate views, each having its own controller? However, mentioning MVC and web applications gives me an excuse to engage in nostalgia and once more mourn the passing[1] of WebObjects. It was simple in WebObjects to make any reusable part of a page into its own component. Also, MVC has a much bigger payoff when you have development tools designed to support it. WOBuilder allowed you to graphically build interface components, then just drag connections between properties in your controller object and the widget you wanted to display them in. And not just top level properties, but you could drill down through the relationships of any object (e.g. user.shoppingCart.numberOfItems, Google "key value coding" if interested). (And yes, this is just like Cocoa and Interface Builder, came out of the same technology base originally.) I have yet to see any web development tools[2] that come anywhere close to the productivity enabled by WebObjects. And I didn't even get into the Enterprise Objects Framework... [1] WebObjects is still very much alive inside Apple (iTunes store, Apple Store, pretty much everything Apple does on the web) but for outside developers it is quite dead. The only life support is ant + Eclipse plugins, but that defeats the whole purpose as the development tools were the whole point of WebObjects. [2] Tools as distinct from programming languages. WebObjects was Java, so nothing special there, but real old timers still miss the Objective C version. "If you want something like an animated dancing baby that does different dances depending on your current stock portfolio and can sing out your RSS feeds in different languages..." Hey! How did you find out about my startup idea? How about a pigeon? OK, I'll bite. "Microsoft Power Point is better than 3-fold foam boards. Much. So please don't ask me to use inferior tools. Why should I?" You claim you don't want to use inferior tools, and then claim Microsoft Power Point as a non-inferior tool? BWA-HAHAHAHA! Maybe if she said Keynote I could take her seriously. I also find it amusing that she thinks the fact that she can use Facebook and IM makes her some kind of technological genius. And, no, I don't find an inability to find a book in the library a sign of intelligence. I don't think someone who doesn't think reading books is worthwhile should be making snide comments about other people's intelligence. Just yesterday the NYTimes reported on a study that basically said we're getting dumber because we don't read enough. Not just in reading skills, but even Math and Science. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/19/arts/19nea.htm So maybe Gen Y. needs to put down the cell phone, log off of Facebook and start reading a book before their IQ drops any farther than it already has.