Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... That's what I was thinking; wouldn't Firefox be basically in userspace, and therefore not be much faster using an Intel compiler? I find that after I discovered tmux, I was able to use the command line full-time much more easily. Now everything I do is command-line-unix-ey, from my coding (with Emacs) to my web browser (Elinks). It's kind of a pain in the butt to learn, but I feel that it helps me stay focused on my work; there are a lot less distractions in the command-line world. I'll agree there, but I feel that that is a fixable problem overall; if I knew anything about ncurses I'd fix it myself :D. I still think using Elinks of w3m creates a more streamlined experience if your end goal is getting work done. It's weird, I always kind of wondered why Erlang gets left out of the FP discussions. It's not as dogmatic as Haskell or something, but functional-ness is kind of its bread and butter. If you take a language like Haskell, you can utilize an FRP framework like Netwire to write pure-ish code whilst having reactive things. I'm currently writing an ncurses application that does exactly that. Your link is broken; I don't think they use SSL. I don't really want to make a comment about the reasons "why", but I do want to say RIP Ian. I love Debian and it's derivatives. CrunchBang was the first distro I used for more than two days. I agree with the first point there. I was pretty excited to try an "open source version of sublime text", but the performance was so terrible I ended up just sticking with Vim. I know people are trying to back away from the console-ui editors, but you cannot deny that,performance wise, it's tough to beat Vim or Emacs. I don't know that I fully agree; I leave my Vim instance open for literally days at a time in a tmux session, which works somewhat as my "IDE". Much as I've heard I'm only supposed to do this with "real" IDE's, I have yet to really notice a single drawback. Does Excel count as a programming environment? If it does, I'd like to see if that outranks JS (my guess is that it does). I'd go one step further and even say it's arguably the most popular Reactive languages as well. It kind of feels like the author was just looking for reasons to be offended. This comment didn't really seem that offensive at all. Did nothing interesting happen in the tech world today? This is such a non-story, it's really weird that this is on the front-page twice. What the hell? This story has made the front page of HN three times now. Even if it were a "real", important story, hasn't it been thoroughly covered? If a web developer gets frustrated by having to support Internet Explorer 8, is that offensive? "How dare you! You're punching down at people who are stuck with Windows XP!" The internet is very good at being offended by everything. My point is that no one has this outrage machine when web developers whine about Internet Explorer, even though plenty of people are stuck using it for financial reasons, just like people who are stuck with five-year-old computers, and as a developer, I actually do find it frustrating when I have to support older hardware. I'll admit the choice of the word "sad" might have been poor, but it's hardly worth getting offended over. Plenty of companies cannot upgrade away from IE because the cost would be too high. I worked at a company that only worked with IE7 at one point. Sure, I could have said "just use Firefox" or "just use Chrome...It's free!", but that wasn't really an option. Now, granted, I'm aware that a company is not the same as a person, but it was just a dumb example I used to kind of point out that getting offended because Apple "punched down" is kind of arbitrary. Their web app broke when using anything but Internet Explorer 7, and they couldn't afford to upgrade it to modern web standards (they actually did get an estimate to do exactly that), so no, they didn't have a choice, really. I'm done with this topic; be as offended as you want. I'm actually kind of happy about this. While I don't personally use Atom at all, I think it's good that an open source editor is getting extremely popular. Much as I like Sublime Text, the fact that it's proprietary has prevented me from using it. I like Atom, but what's kept me with Vim is slight performance hit that you seem to have with Atom. I'm sure this will get ironed out more, and maybe it has been in later iterations. Have you managed to get good performance out of it? I always thought it was weird that it wasn't always publicly available. I'm ok with allocating taxdollars to funding new research, but I think that if my taxdollars go to something, I should have access to it. I can see where there should be exceptions like in cases of national security or maybe if minors are involved, but otherwise I think public stuff should actually be public. Is that true?! I think I might have a few new desktop backgrounds coming up... It totally makes sense. I kind of thought the whole point of public research was so that everyone could benefit. Much as I like Npm, I do kind of have to wonder if all this stuff is a consequence of having a centralized package manager. I personally prefer the Go solution of just specifying a Git repo. I actually tend to fork my dependencies to my own account. I never said it was a package manager, but it is a way of getting dependencies in an uncentralized way. I've been running Linux full-time for since 2013, but then again, I don't play games, so everything that I use actually is on Linux. Unless you don't have 30 spare gigs of storage space... Sure, I'll agree we can't have a completely open-door policy for everything because that would be chaos, but for stuff that's easy to make copies of I think we should. So to go with your example, I agree we don't all get to ride in spaceships (much as I'd like to), but I do think that it's not unreasonable to request the rocket designs and published papers that came out of NASA when they were building these rockets. I was just being cheeky, honestly, but that price doesn't scale linearly, at least not on a laptop. A 512gb SSD might have a higher cost-per-GB than a 256GB SSD. I don't run Windows and consequently haven't used VS in any kind of intimate detail, I'm sure it's great if you like dealing with IDEs. I feel more productive with Vim, tmux, GHCI, and GraspJS for doing of my web development. That might be true; I had a slightly tainted image of VS when I had to use it three years ago, and after everything I needed was installed, I only had like a gig left (this was on a weak, underpowered netbook, admittedly). In retrospect it's not entirely VS's fault, though I just found it amusing how quickly it ate through my storage when Vim only takes like 90 megs. I don't live in Silicon Valley, but I've found that the "requirement" for a degree is more of a suggestion than law. I don't have a degree, and I still usually apply to jobs that have that requirement. I don't always get an interview, of course, but I get them often enough to where I kind of feel like they're on the description as a formality more than anything. I use tmux as my primary "IDE" for everything. I personally use the backtiick (`) as my prefix, because ctrl-B conflicted with Emacs. Now I use vim for everything, but I still use the same prefix because I've gotten used to it. If you're stuck using someone else's computer, you can always pass through the prefix by hitting it twice...For example, if I ever need a backtick, I can just tap it two times. https://github.com/Tombert/dotfiles/blob/master/tmux/.tmux.c... I actually like the default bindings for both, but yes, everyone in the community seems to have a slightly fragmented opinion of them :D. I'm a goober and have never once used the leader key...I guess I'm a bit of a noob. I guess I can see this being an issue, but as someone who generally has a pretty "green" contribution chart, I find people look more at how many stars I have more than anything. This was why I thought the Chevy Volt had the right idea; having a gas-tank there as a backup, but depend on electricity 95% of the time. But, in my opinion, the best thing to do is to move to a big city and use the trains, or campaign for a good train system in your city, which obviously can't work for everyone. I'm pretty sure that the trains are "competing" pretty well with cars in New York, despite a lacking the features you metioned, considering that there are actually less households that own cars there than households that do. But generally speaking, I agree. To convince the average person of a public transit/driverless/generic-alternative-to-driving, privacy and end-to-end-ey-ness is probably important. I don't know the right solution to the HTML5 DRM thing. I hate DRM, I don't really support its use, but I also use Linux full-time. Without the HTML5 DRM, I don't think I'd be able to watch Netflix on my laptop, without some Wine wrapper, and really, is that much better? I don't see the studios signing off on Netflix without the use of DRM, and since Silverlight doesn't work on Linux, I selfishly don't have a problem with HTML5 DRM...most of the time. That said, ethical-me totes does have a problem with DRM being part of the otherwise-open web. Relying on stuff that I can can't break sort of makes my inner-Stallman sad. I'll admit that I know almost nothing about the ways DRM works, but my gut tells me that JS would be too slow to implement anything too robust. If DRM is anything like crypto, wouldn't it require something relatively CPU-heavy? That said, I didn't know the cross-platform thing was optional, and I agree that when I buy something, it should be DRM free. If it has to phone-home, then I don't own it, and things like Darkspore prove it can be stolen from me be the company. While I think DRM is largely a load of BS, it has been implemented with some efficacy (see: Darkspore), which has still not been cracked. So I do think the intention is to reduce piracy....Whether or not that's effective is a philosophical discussion. I haven't used ed, but I'm inclined to agree. People still make fun of me for living in the terminal. I'm not asking this to be critical, I'm asking because I'm genuinely confused; how is this any more authenticated than just a password? Presumably anyone with your Github password can go add or change your GPG keys if they wanted, so how would it make you any more verified? This is the frustration I have with "cloud" devices, and why I try to avoid using them. Sure, they're convenient as all hell, but if it points to a webservice that I don't/can't control, it inherently has a shelf-life. The issue is that while I totally could figure out how to set up a self-hosted home-automation thing, I'm not sure that the average non-technical user could, which means these cloud-devices are here to stay. I don't like Facebook, nor do I have an account, but I disagree somewhat with them not being a "real technology company". Facebook hired Simon Marlow, one of the creators of Haskell, and publishes a lot of research and open-source projects. Cassandra DB, HHVM, React, React-Native and Hack are just a couple examples. They write blog posts about what scales and what does not, and employ a number of post-grad researchers. How are they not a "real" technology company? The problem I have with Google tech, especially after the new Nest stuff has to come to light, is that there's no guarantee they'll support it for very long. It's entirely possible that I'll incorporate this into my workflow, just for Google to kill it off a year later. If Revolv had actually gone bankrupt I'm not sure people would be nearly as mad as they are. The fact is that Google is worth tons of money, and has access to a ton of hosting infrastructure. Is Google (or Alphabet, really) arguing that they can't spin up a single cloud-computer-engine-thing and run Revolv? That's the dilemma I have: I'm finding that I'm hesitant to get behind "cloud" services, especially free ones, because I can't know how long they're going to be around. Which really annoys me, because they're convenient as hell, especially for non-technical users. Sure, I could run a server in my apartment and get a self-hosted thing and whatnot, but I can't expect my parents to. TL;DR, I don't know the right answer to when we should use cloud services. I actually version control my config files ( https://github.com/tombert/dotfiles ) after reading this tutorial: http://brandon.invergo.net/news/2012-05-26-using-gnu-stow-to... Obviously you should change that to git instead of CVS. You know, even if Erlang didn't have great SMP scaling, or wonderful distributed properties, I think its fault-tolerant, actor-model-ey nature would make it wonderful anyway. The fact that you program expecting failures, and forced isolation of everything allows for incredibly "sturdy" code. The other features are fantastic, but they're just gravy as far as I'm concerned. Nah, Golang is wonderful and I use it for a lot of stuff, but it's sort of a different thing than Erlang. Go is more of a systems-ish language that has an emphasis on concurrency, but also on being relatively C-like. It's much more general-purpose than Erlang. Erlang is more about fault-tolerant, concurrent applications, and more specifically servers. It's not designed to be especially fast, it's designed to make it very simple to write systems with a ton of throughput, that can handle outages, and perform passably in the process. They're different things, and the only thing they have in common is that they both advertise concurrency, really. It depends on your location, I think. Here in New York, it's not too hard to find Erlang enthusiasts, particularly ones that work on Wall Street. That said, no one seemed to have even heard of the language in Dallas when I lived there. So the long-story-short of this is that if you don't mind doing some remote-hiring, it's not too hard to find workers, and things like Ejabberd have a ton of tutorials on writing modules. This is certainly something useful for Go, but it's only one aspect of Erlang. You still don't have to guarantee of thread-safety, you still don't have the immutability, you still don't have tail-call optimization, and perhaps most importantly, you don't have a REPL for hot-code updates. Well, not wanting to pay for a Youtube Red subscription is one possibility, another is that you want to access Youtube using only open source software, and another is to bypass ads. I actually do pay for Youtube Red, but I like to download my Youtube videos because a) my internet connection is a bit spotty, and b) I like to keep as much as I can open source. Well...Now I have a new image to haunt my nightmares. This is actually a pretty neat tutorial, I recommend. I remember thinking this was suspicious. I remember about three months ago I added a bunch of known malware sites to my hostfile so that I wouldn't give them traffic, and I couldn't get to Forbes. Funny, too, because I don't even use Ad-block. I'm so happy that a safe language is (very) slowly starting to creep its way into where I normally would have had to use C++. Rust isn't my favorite language, but it's a substantial improvement, at least in my goober opinion, over C and C++. I love Doom, but what I've always respected about Carmack is the fact that he actively tries to get better by learning all the time. This guy could easily have just learned C and called it "done", and no one would judge him for it. Instead, he's giving speeches talking about how cool Lisp and Haskell are and that he thinks functional is the way to go. Whether or not he's right about that is a matter of preference, but I think it's cool that he's not content with "knowing enough". I would like a better type system, immutability, and a better guarantee of memory safety. I'm totally aware that C++ has unique_ptr which can give you something relatively comparable to the Rust memory management, but I personally think that if the compiler doesn't have any kind of official idiom on the subject, it'll probably end up in the codebase. C++ kind of prides itself on being able to "write however you want", which is fine, but then that means that people might start using raw pointers, unchecked arrays, and mutation. Could a vigilant C++ programmer replicate every feature of Rust? Absolutely, not denying that for a second. Rust doesn't give you anything as much as it enforces a paradigm. At least that's my two cents. Oh, my bad, I misunderstood. Lemme first state that I am not a systems developer; I mostly do servers. That said, some stuff that keeps Rust from being my favorite is a lack of tail-call optimization, the lack of the ability to say that a function is pure and impure (and have that enforced), and not having some concept of a green-threading library built-in. I realize that the last point can fairly easily be implemented with a library, but the first two points keep me using Haskell. And evidently, if I'm wrong about any of these points, don't hesitate to correct me! I'd love to have a chance to get better with the language. EDIT: Just a note, I know that Haskell isn't a systems language and not a direct replacement for Rust. That said, I find that a lot of the features I want in Rust are things I like in Haskell. I agree that ZenCoding has greatly simplified XML development, but I find that even with it you're still beholden to ugliness when trying to edit it. I have to wonder if this, in part, has to do with the fact that poorer people here tend to ride the subway, and get exposed to a larger number of viruses, and building up an more immunities. I'm no doctor, but it at least seems plausible from a lay-man's perspective. That's what I get for taking medical advice from a George Carlin stand-up... That's a fair point, I'll admit I was mistaken. If my job requires me to have an understanding of something new, I learn it. Like an adult. Why the hell is technology the only exception for people on this front? While I agree that the long-term solution is absolutely to use renewable stuff (especially solar), I don't know that the renewable tech is completely ready to power 7 billion people. Nuclear is messy, and far from ideal, but it doesn't spew chemicals into the air, with a high yield of power, and we already have decent(ish) nuclear tech. The part I find especially interesting is that there are probably literally thousands of games that get into more-or-less-working prototypes, the project gets cancelled for any number of reasons, and the game sits on a hard drive until it crashes, and is lost for forever. That's so depressing. I know it's kind of a miracle for any game to make it to the store-shelf, but I'd like to actually see a percentage at some point of how many games never make it, because I would suspect it's pretty high. Isn't a huge issue with generics the compilation time? Much as I love Haskell, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that a big program compiles quickly. That might be an individual issue with Haskell, but regardless, isn't type-inference kind of expensive in compilation-land? And wouldn't that kind of kill one of the big features of Go? Maybe I'm a bit confused; if this bill were to pass, would this make SSH illegal? How about geli on FreeBSD? Am I going to be required to hand over my encryption keys on my server? Admittedly I've never implemented a compiler, or a type system, so I was just speaking out of my behind to an extent, but your explanation makes sense. I don't agree that abstraction layers inherently hide inefficiencies. In C++, `unique_ptr` is an "abstraction layer" with no runtime overhead, that will probably make your code faster due to the better safety. That's true, but he makes the point to remove the abstractions, and I'd argue that no, fix the abstractions. All of Evan Miller's programming reviews are good. I'm pretty sure it's been posted on HN before, but I quite liked his take on Rust as well. Lazy evaluation is what drew me into Haskell a few years ago, when someone showed me how you could use it to beautifully read a file as if it were in-memory, but done entirely as a stream. I thought that was amazing and I was sold. I should have mentioned that in my initial comment; Lazy IO is beautiful and OK for a simple application, but it's smarter to use a streaming library like Pipes of Conduit for anything big. Mosh is great, but I kind of stopped using it once I discovered Tmux so I could resume a session if the connection dropped. It's not that Mosh does anything wrong , but SSH has more features, and is supported by basically everything ever. Consequently, I stick with old-school SSH. I didn't mean to imply it "replaced" it as much as "it can accomplish what I need to". The fill tool doesn't appear to work properly I thought the issue was that there was some decompiled code in the repo? Maybe I'm misremembering. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt#United_States_v._Joh... > The court's ruling noted that FBI forensic examiners were unable to get past TrueCrypt's encryption (and therefore were unable to access the data) unless Doe either decrypted the drives or gave the FBI the password, and the court then ruled that Doe's Fifth Amendment right to remain silent legally prevented the Government from making him or her do so. So it seems like the law is a bit ambiguous on this front. RIP. Buckyballs have a ton of potential on the materials science world, and it's sad to hear that a pioneer is gone. I kind of wonder why no one just forks the (Libre/Open)Office spell-checker and design a plugin around that. Doesn't that work totally fine offline? Location: New York, New York. Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: Willing, but not preferred. Technologies: Haskell, Erlang, Go, Node.JS, Verilog and a willingness to learn just about anything. Résumé/CV: https://github.com/Tombert/Resume/blob/master/resume.pdf Email: thomas@gebert.sexy I used a Pebble for about a year, but the problem to me is that it never really looks like a "watch", but more like a "computer that's on my wrist". I'll admit that's a kind of pedantic little nitpick, and the Pebble is a great little thing, but I switched back to my old Invicta chronograph after awhile. I never fully trusted any centralized password managers. Since I'm a paranoid goober, I've ended up dumping LastPass and using the Unix "pass" tool. Anyway, I'm glad that LastPass has resolved this; last thing I want in the news is another big password breach. This is interesting enough, I suppose, but I think they should have included some kind of interesting benchmark where Chakra outperformed V8 or something for Node. Heh, I didn't actually think an actual MS developer would respond to my comment. As it stands, I can appreciate what MS is doing; you guys aren't probably going to compete with or replace V8 or SpiderMonkey on Linux overnight, hence why getting a working Node port is a good first step of presumably many. Regardless, this is definitely an interesting step; it would be really trippy if I end up using an entire MS stack on my Linux desktop, but it appears that might be a legit possibility. It upsets me at how completely unsurprised I am about this. At this point, I've kind of started taking for granted that corporations in America depend on child labor. I almost never eat out...2-3 times a week seems kind of high to me. Then again, restaurants in New York are kind of pricey. I live with my wife. Eating out together will end up costing around 30 bucks, vs $5-6 eating in and cooking. I find eating out while single is ok, it just doesn't scale well if you're paying for multiple people. I think it's very cool that Postgres didn't just post some long thing about Uber saying "they're using it wrong omg!!!" and instead address the problems, understand their decision, and move on. I think that's very cool, there's clearly a good team working on this DB. Isn't that basically what a recruiter does? Every time I've dealt with a recruiter, they've done the salary haggling for me. EDIT: I should point out that that's what they do in regards to full-time W2 work, not contract. I'm surprised you didn't use a functional language like Haskell or OCaml or Rust to do this, since the article talks about love for functional programming. I'm not criticizing Go at all, it's just not really a functional language. I agree, except what I generally tell a recruiter what I want for a job before an offer has even been made, and I usually work with multiple at once. It gives me some haggling power without being the one who has to haggle directly. This gets into semi-philosophical territory. Fifteen years ago, if my phone was stolen, that sucked, but that was basically the end of that. I buy a new phone, and move on with my life. Nowadays if a phone is stolen, they have to have access to my email, passwords, and effectively my entire identity, and it appears that that is exactly what's happening. Phones are awesome, but I think I'd rather lose an eight-hundred-dollar phone than have someone get access to my email. I don't really want to be "that guy", but can there by some marker or something indicating that this is behind a paywall? I'm sorry to upset you. I was unaware that this was a feature. You misread my comment. I said that they have to have , because apparently I like ambiguous wording. Regardless, I'm not disagreeing with you, I was just stating that the problem stated in the article wouldn't have happened fifteen years ago Gah, I'm one of those people. Maybe that's why I don't have any money...