Depends on the situation - a doctor can take his time during say, a cancer diagnosis, but not in the ER. Do you want a doctor who's trying to patch up your innards after a serious accident to look up where your pancreas is located? Inexperience leads to a lot of wasted time searching for things along the way. The more you know in your head, the better. Remember the wasteful spending back in the UNIX workstation days - a Sun 10 in every administrator's office for e-mail, and nobody ever had the training to use the things? It wasn't until quite recently in (PC land) that programming tools (namely compilers) were generally free, or even low cost. In the past you made due with crippled 'Turbo' or 'Quick' versions of the Borland or Microsoft products. $79.99 vs $799.99 for the full-blown version. Some vendors sold C compilers for the price of a used car. The PC C compiler market had a ton of players: Borland, Watcom, Symantec, Microsoft for 'real projects', while you had low-cost compilers from MIX and Mark Williams and some shareware products as well. You'll be paying extra for things like DOS Extenders, or sound and graphics libraries. DJGPP came along and gave DOS guys not only a 32-bit DPMI environment but a free compiler! By that time everyone was moving to Windows (except id software who gave us Quake as one last DOS classic). What did Visual C++ 6.0 cost? Anywhere from a couple hundred to a over a thousand USD depending on what version you got. Apple makes Xcode freely available, Microsoft has Express editions of their products, and Google makes their Android tools available for download. Plus, everything else can be had for free. Graphics library? Sound code? Physics engines? Go to Github. When you run out of passion, or will. >> I have never understood why people are willing to purchase dogs. Sadly, certain breeds of dogs are considered a status symbol, are trendy, or buyers think they can sell the offspring of said dog to recoup the costs (and then some). Remember the glut of Dalmations at shelters after the '101 Dalmations' movie came out? Every kid wanted one, parents bought them, and after realizing they can be very difficult dogs to live with, they were sent to the shelters. I thought this article was going to be about the $52 billion a year Americans spend on pets. Outdoor cats are a huge threat to wildlife as well. A skilled cat is capable of hunting just about anything in your backyard. Our provider allows us to modify firewall rules through their control panel. Perfect for when we have a dev working from home or a hotel room for a few days. I didn't know anything about computer languages except—a friend of mine had gone to MIT and, while he was there, he would Xerox pages out of books that were good topics, and he had sent me a lot of pages back from compiler design books. I wonder if MIT knew about students sharing information with the outside world 40 years ago. If this copyright violation would have not happened, we'd be in a world without Apple computer, or at least Apple BASIC. You can also tell it doesn't seem to do it when you move the mouse back to the original menu item. I was streaming a sporting event the other day, and my old, but still very useful laptop (2GB, SSD, T7500 C2D 2.2GHz) was being crushed. It streamed fine but I couldn't do much else on that laptop, memory usage was through the roof. I don't have that issue with YouTube but not every site has such an optimized player/media combination. Good thing I have a second laptop that I could continue to use for normal tasks at the same time. We replaced our Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core machines with new Dell i5's, and every single person complained that the new computer wasn't any faster than the old ones. It was worth the SSD upgrade for Outlook alone. Import a 6GB PST file in 20 minutes instead of 6 hours. The data isn't unlimited with T-Mobile, at least not usable speeds. You can run your AT&T iPhone on StraightTalk for $45/month and get unlimited calling. I don't use many minutes, butT-Mobile service is basically non-existent where I live. Would these fingers be considered 'burglars tools' by the courts? It's a little closer to 3x as fast http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/processor-architecture-b... I've always had a little bit of a soft spot for SuSE, and I had my fingers crossed that when they were acquired by Novell, it would become more popular in the business world. I think two main things are holding it back from becoming one of the 'main' distributions. The first is YaST, which is just strange in the land of yum and apt. The second is just the sheer amount of support distros like Ubuntu have. There's not as many resources out there, even though the last time I checked OpenSUSE had a strong, but small community. There's this triangle of food - cost/time/consequences. You can spend little time and little money, and get something that's not very healthy for you. The dollar menu, for instance. You can spend a little time and a lot of money buying pre-prepared food at say, the deli at Whole Foods, and get something pretty healthy. If you have the time, tools, and knowledge, you can make cheap healthy food at home. It just depends on what resources you have and what sacrifices you want to make. Shopping, cooking, doing the dishes, those things all take time you could use to do other things. I wonder if they considered allowing 4 cores, but double the CPU allotment? 4x1000MHz CPU instead of 8x500MHz CPU, for example. 8 cores does give you the highest best-case performance, since you can use 100% of each core if the other Linodes on your host are not using them. They show the 1024 Linode with 8 CPU's as an example. But they also state that there are on average 20 1024 Linodes on each host machine, making 20x8 = 160 vCPU's being used. Marketing-wise, more cores sounds impressive. But I wonder if performance per physical host is reduced splitting them into so many vCPU's > So maybe next refresh is the memory? Probably - according to their FAQ it looks like each host has about ~20GB of memory which is pretty small these days. How far does a million dollars get you when you're buying redundant Cisco equipment for 6 datacenters? Dell's painted plastic finish was also a big turnoff to me. The paint comes off and scratches much easier than the Lenovo black plastic and rubberized case. Can anyone comment on how much resources are spent on making something 'releasable'? Not just packaging and the initial commit/support, but spending the time to make it generic enough to be useful to other users. I suggested our company site be re-done using Joomla. The original site was on an ancient platform that we don't work with anymore and we kept an entire server around for it. We spun up a cloud server with Joomla on it for production use, and a local VM for testing. We had a template created for a couple hundred bucks from some ideas our designers came up with (they can't code, so...) from an Eastern-European on a freelancing site. Then we just let our marketing guy (also can't code) and some interns loose putting up content. It took a few weeks of their spare time and we had a great looking, functional website. Since then, the marketing guy has installed a hundred different 'Joomla plugins of the week' and brought the site down a bunch of times, trying to make it into a blog, newsletter, signup sheet, web store... You don't have to stay on the bleeding edge. We're stuck with Ruby 1.8.7, and we've got a mix of Rails 1, 2, and 3 apps. For better or for worse. Unity and GNOME 3 would be great for comparison - I've seen over 1GB in use by Unity at times. It'd also be nice to try to measure CPU overhead when dragging a window around or just displaying them. Some of the newer desktops just seem slow if you have older hardware (such as a laptop with a C2D, Intel or older ATI graphics) I thought installing an SSD would speed up development on my local system in Rails 3 - it barely changed a thing. It does make things like tests etc run way, way faster though. Not to mention asthma. I know of a few people who are disabled because they have asthma, and they are obese. If you live in the southwest you can find an immigrant to do those jobs for you. To be fair, a lot of recruiting companies or hiring companies only do that because their HR system will only import a .DOC file. The absolute worst place I ever applied to required to you upload a version of your resume in Word format. After you hit submit, the next page wanted a plain text copy. Then, I bullshit you not, the next page was a web form in which they requested you fill out educational background, work history, references. Something you just uploaded twice! With the long variable/class names used these days, and the availability of clear, small fonts and 16:9 displays, 80 columns seems silly. But I'm against raising it, even to 100 columns. 100 really isn't much more than 80. And then you start to lose things like being able two view two pages of code side by side. The other problem is that 100+ column lines are just flat out hard to read. It's hard to follow text that far across these screen. A few years ago when I was working with Objective-C I came across methods used with each variable on one line and really grew to like that. It's similar to the way source code is laid out in books. But is that because the code is more readable that way, or is it a consequence of the layout? Books are taller than they are wide and usually have generous margins. We had a folder on the network called 'developer stuff'. I put up a DokuWiki a few weeks ago, and at the last developer meeting we gave each developer the task of creating one wiki article. It didn't matter what it was on, it was basically a catalyst to get them started using it. It's started to grow pretty fast so I hope it works out for us. We're probably going to have an intern or junior developer move documents from the old folder to the new system. Out of 89 packages (half of the 179), 9 went missing? That's 10%. That is insane for the US Postal Service to be allowed that, but it follows my personal experience with them. I don't think I've ever had them lose a letter in my life, but when it comes to packages I don't know how they lose so many. I shudder when I get a USPS tracking email from an online seller because I know there's fair chance I will never see the damn thing. Michigan. A bigger problem with USPS is that it's a lot harder to get your packages if you're not around when they attempt delivery. The local UPS office is open until 8:00 so I can go get missed packages after work, I have a few hours Window on Saturday that I can go get packages at the Post Office. And that's IF they can find the package. Their online delivery rescheduling/holding is also useless. I'm not sure how terrible paper+accountant is/was, but TurboTax is just so damn convenient. I can do file my taxes on my lunch hour, at 3:00am, or while I'm on a webex at work. They're instantly submitted (or at least they appear to be) and combined with direct deposit I get my refund within days. In the old days I had to either drop my paperwork off at an accountant and wait, do them myself and mail them in, or make an appointment with a preparer. > if i walk in at 9.08am and you're going to moan at me for it, no thanks I'm all for relaxed starting times, but at my current company that seems to have led to other, bad things: relaxed deadlines or other accountability. It also sucks when something is broken at 8:00am and the guy that wrote that module (or made changes to it on Friday evening) isn't there for another hour. In our case, it's an app that's really only used from 8am-5am EST. If there's a problem at 4:00AM it's not a big deal. It's a different story when there are live customers. Although, (ideally) any problem like that would be cost by a testing suite. Get a rhythm going, so you type at a steady pace (slow at first, of course). Say each letter out loud. H-A-C-K-E-R space N-E-W-S period Don't look at the keyboard, either. Just practice this for a little bit every day (re-type a blog post or two, including the source code) and you'll get the hang of it. Wouldn't it be easier to just take a backhoe to the data lines running to the bunker? The article says 10,000 servers, so maybe there's an 8:1 ratio Very possible that the router provided by the ISP is mis-configured. Cairo is a project to make a OS X-like dock. It's not enabled in any of the main distributions (Fedora, Ubuntu...), but you can add it if you'd like. A lot of my Linux use is similar to sitting in a garage and taking apart an old car. It's fun to install different distributions and play around with them, and then blow it away and start all over. With a fast internet connection and a handful of USB drives you can try all the major distributions in one afternoon. I'm sorry, the full name is 'Cairo-Dock' ( http://www.glx-dock.org/ ) Part of the problem is so much of the workforce just isn't good at anything . We have a lot of people who flat out have no employable skills, and without a degree the only option they have for work that isn't minimum wage is a factory job-which are long gone. Does the computer repair guy charge you NewEgg prices to replace a part in your desktop? > I have a few friends who I help out on occasion and it is incredibly frustrating to not have the basic tools available. A younger guy at work asked if he could borrow one of the screwdrivers I keep in my desk. I thought maybe he was going to pop open his computer, he said he was going to put a bed together. At his apartment. He didn't even own a screwdriver. C'mon. I sarcastically asked him, "You're a manly man, aren't you?", then handed him a large phillips screwdriver. Another guy in the office overheard the conversation and laughed about it with me, and then we went down to Harbor Freight and bought him a $7 screwdriver set. What ever happened to learning this stuff from good ol' dad, or your grandfather? I was lucky enough to have a step-father who was fairly handy, had a large amount of tools, and my mother always had him working on a project around the house. Building a deck, remodeling the kitchen, that kind of stuff. I hated being dragged away from friends and video games to help him out with random stuff but I learned quite a bit. I also had the fortune of learning from my birth father on how NOT to do certain things. He'd always take shortcuts that ended up hurting the end result, which to this day I point out as we work on things. There was IRC, comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.misc, and AOL/Compuserve had a ton of Windows programming resources as well. I never understood the love for XM. I'd get a year, then 6 months, and now just a short 3 months whenever I'd buy a new car. I liked the variety of news and talk channels. I loved the fact that I could drive down the highway, across 4 states and never have to search for a station. The reception stinks, a lot like satellite TV. Going under a bridge? Radio goes out. On the north side of a large building? No radio. In the drive-through at Starbucks or a bank? No radio. And the worst offender, driving east/west with a large amount of trees on the south side of the road? No radio. C'mon. I only listened to about 6 of the music channels, they have a lot of variety, but I only like certain kinds of music. The sound quality is terrible. I'm no audiophile but whatever they do to fit that many channels on their service makes for horrible sound. Plus, the channels I listened to don't have that many songs in rotation. Gets very repetitive. The XM people are also very resistant to you canceling. They'll offer the service at a 50%, then 70% discount just to keep you to say. My girlfriend has had service for years for like $3 a month. I don't like having to remember to call in and cancel every 6 months so I don't even subscribe at the discount. I've gone back to terrestrial radio. I only have a 15 minute commute now, and don't drive a lot other than that. The local FM radio stations have mediocre on-air talent and play just as repetitive mixes of music. I don't mind the commercials as much, we're the midwest so for a lot of events that's the only way word gets out about them. And I've found a lot of news/talk on the AM stations. They just eliminated cassette tape players a few years ago. Linux-powered , but the biggest 'feature' of the rifle is the iPad interface. Nice headline. Most OS X users are probably either dual-booting to Windows to play games, or have a dedicated Windows machine for games. Mac hardware really isn't orientated towards high-end gaming. The scary part is how high the XP userbase still is. He never even says how much this procedure 'should' cost. He also exaggerates that it was a '5-minute visit', which we all know isn't true. There's paperwork, billing, the use of a room and supplies, a nurse or assistant is involved somewhere... It used to be like this for most people in the USA with insurance. Slowly, costs rose and benefits have been dropped. What used to be a $20 (or even $0!) co-pay became abused, people would visit the doctor every week, and since it didn't cost them anything, they had no reason not to go. These days you'll find a high-deductible plan that does the reverse - encourages people to NOT go to the doctor because until they've hit a $3,000 tab, the insurance won't kick in a single dollar. When I ask my dog, "Do you want to go for a walk?", she stands up, does a looong stretch of her back and rear legs, then shakes her coat. It doesn't take much time wasted on Twitter, HN, or chatting up co-workers of the opposite sex to turn into a 1/10x developer Fedora is more of a bleeding-edge (or at least developer-focused) distro - they also ship with Ruby 1.9 instead of 1.8. > Sublime Text just doesn't feel like a Mac app. Of course it doesn't - it's multi-platform. Which is a good thing if you bounce between Linux and Mac (and even Windows). But it does have a great feel to it. SF is smaller in size, and slightly smaller in population than Austin. Chances are if you bought 5 years ago you are underwater and can't sell it. Along with the big names there are a bunch of also-ran streaming apps with very little content. There's also things like a Facebook app but I have never tried to use it. So what's the problem? The TV has to 'boot', like in the article. For the first 30 seconds after it's powered on, you can barely change the channels or volume. The interface will sometimes become unresponsive requiring a hard power off, or the TV will lock and reset itself completely. If you do a firmware update, which happens quite a bit, sometimes you have to re-enter all your account information for all your services. Sometimes you have to quit and re-start viewing content to get the audio to sync up right. But the one thing that angers me the most about streaming content: you bump any button on the remote, and you exit back to the regular TV channels. It doesn't even have the sense to ask, "Are you sure you want to exit Netflix?". You can hit the home button, the volume buttons, and pause/fast forward. You even accidentally bump some other button, and bam. You're back navigating the glacially slow interface with a TV remote. USB 3.0 is 'fast enough' for most people and it's way, way cheaper. Only the super-rich or professional market (who've abandoned Apple, haven't they?) can afford things like daisy-chained Thunderbolt monitors. Firewire never really caught on (with consumers) like Apple would have liked-and it had huge advantages over USB (especially USB 1.0). I bought a Sony laptop specifically because it had a i.Link port and I could daisy chain both my CD-RW and 80GB HD. Apple's decision to add not just a second Thunderbolt port but also to add an HDMI port to their Retina MacBooks actually reduces demand for Thunderbolt products since users now can connect multiple legacy monitors to their machine. There's good and bad to cannibalizing the same port as video output. External GPU? Nice idea, but between the cost of the GPU card, the housing, and dealing with all the quirks that go with it, it makes sense to just buy another laptop/desktop. That said, a $99 Thunderbolt hub that gives 4-6 USB ports, gigabit LAN, video, Firewire, headphone/mic would be a huge seller Would your bank let you walk in and withdraw $10,000 from your own account with a ski mask or panty hose over your head? Even if you knew your account number and password? Probably not. You can't actually buy that, though. The Belkin dock is the Duke Nukem Forever of the peripheral industry. It's easy to make the argument that you shouldn't have anything installed on a server that you don't specifically need - each additional service/program is just another attack vector. I wonder if Slicehost would have followed suit if they weren't owned by Rackspace now. Rackspace has never been about low prices, though. We probably would if we didn't use RackConnect between our cloud servers and our managed DB server, which is @ Rackspace. Their cloud server management tools are a joke compared to Linodes. IRC's the main thing I use my Digital Ocean VPS for - and it's been great. Sounds like our experience. One email address wasn't working, out of 25, and all they had for support was a troubleshooting page. After wasting an hour contacting Google, we got an automated reply that some accounts were being affected, and then about 2 days later the problem magically went away. > a height limit of 85 feet, or 8-story buildings, for > Mission Street, between 16th Street and Cesar Chavez > Street, in order to take advantage of Mission Street’s > high transit service, including BART and Muni line Has the author ever tried to ride a bus down Mission street now? It takes like 45 minutes to go 8 blocks and you're packed in there like a sardine can. Imagine if you made the buildings twice as tall you'd have to triple the amount of buses. Which probably wouldn't help because with the current amount of traffic you spend more time stopped than you do moving. A Pentium 4 or Athlon XP 2700+ from 10 years ago has been unusable for all but the simplest tasks for years. It would have also needed to be upgraded along the way - it came from the factory with just 256MB or 512MB RAM. You can still edit office documents and do some light web-surfing, but for todays interactive sites and content it falls far behind the experience that an iPad can provide. Think about it this way - what if someone is being raped every day in the parking ramp at your office, or murdered on the street you ride your bike to work each morning? If you heard about it on the news, you could change your route to work or ride with a buddy to increase your safety. Part of the theory is that the first people to be fired at a company are among the least productive or least competent. Therefore, the longer someone has been unemployed, the less competent they are. >> It's time for the government to start hiring the long-term unemployed. Hiring them to do what? The government not only has to hire people it doesn't need, but it has to hire from the 'unwanted' pile that private employers have already selected the best from? >> Or, at the least, start giving employers tax incentives to hire the long-term unemployed. What happens after a year, when the tax credit expires for that newly hired person, and another unemployed person comes along and applies for that job? Fire the first guy and hire the new guy so you can get that tax credit for another year? There's probably a button called 'power cycle' or 'manually open/close' Don't most large software companies have a 'campus' feel to their headquarters? I would imagine back in the 80's when they were designed/created, nobody wanted to go work inside a towering, souless, black glass skyscraper for 10 hours a day. A lot of people would kill for a view of water and trees and the ability to walk outside at lunch. > Basically, the way our culture mindlessly promotes home ownership is insane. Absolutely insane! It's really the older generation that promote this. If you're 35 years old, chances are your dad walked out of high school into the same large company that he retired from. Why would they need mobility when they had jobs for life? The only younger people I know that share that view are close-minded and never see the point of leaving Smalltown, USA. We're a web development company in a 'company town' where everyone seems to work for a single Fortune 50 company. You think it'd be easy to hire developers away when you offer good pay and benefits, 4.5 day work weeks, flexible hours, casual dress code, and we buy you whatever hardware you want. We don't get a single qualified applicant. We use Ruby and Javascript, it's a ~ 25 person company so you can make a difference, you can work on iOS or Android stuff. If you only know a different programming language, we'll still hire you and let you learn if you can prove you're competent. We're not silicon valley or a 'cool' city, but we're near a few state universities. I guess people would rather sit in a cube, in a suit, while they work on legacy internal apps in VB and .Net for a cold, dark corporation and wait 20 minutes each morning in line at the security gate just to get on the damn property. > The vast vast majority of interesting technical work is done in large organizations So is the vast majority of boring technical work. Midland, MI I think it just looks more modern, and less '2007'. Reminds me of 'Slumming with BASIC programmers' - http://prog21.dadgum.com/21.html I was always amazed at the guys on CompuServe/AOL (and later GeoCities) who were writing RPG's in QBasic. I guess I was mostly impressed by the graphics they made, but they kind of proved to me you could write more than hangman or Nibbles in BASIC. Noticed problems with it first thing this morning - but it's only affecting some of our users. I can use email, calendar, but some people can't use either one. Weird, and annoying. Running the editor with /h would give you 43 or 50 lines of text. Then use the green on black color scheme and you were a 4th grade hacker. > Japanese programmers wrote a huge proportion of the world's greatest video games.... But how much credit is because of the programmers being better than the rest, and not because of the creativity of the designers, the graphics, or even the hardware the games were created to run on? A lot of JDM devices like wristwatch TV's and minidisc players just never caught on in the USA. Took me a while to figure out why people were having problems with Outlook, then I heard about this outage. Ugh. > the effectiveness between a black lab and golden retriever. Good call. Aren't black dogs the least likely to be adopted from shelters? I understand the importance of face-to-face human contact, but there are lot of avenues of seeing what other developers are up to, and showing off your stuff. StackExchange (chat and Q&A), Freenode IRC, a hundred random messageboards... The author mentions YouTube so I'm assuming he has a decent internet connection. This was bound to happen once servers all standardized on one architecture. Not that standardization isn't a good thing, it just became a race to the bottom just like the desktop market. > Linux just doesn't seem to do laptops very well. Linux doesn't do 'random, low-priced consumer laptops' very well. It does regular business laptops very well. I've been installing Linux on Thinkpads from the T20 days all the way to the current T430 and I've been incredibly impressed with how well everything runs. Even cheap laptops run pretty well these days, at most you'll wrestle with the wifi drivers. The problem is the low-end market for laptops is so varied you don't get a lot of developers who get hands-on time to get the drivers working well. Popular laptops will usually have great support unless they've got some hardware where the vendor doesn't want to play ball. But any cheap machine that's sold a lot of units will have a forum where users explain everything they've figured out. In the old days you could buy two network cards, keep one and send one to a developer as a gift, and you'd end up getting a working driver out of the deal. Some people did that with entire laptops. > The screen can never be truly black Is it blue or brown or just gray? No, only the Latitude line has that. A few questions: Ruby 1.8 - I thought we were dinosaurs for still using it How is the hi-res display handled on the 13" screen? Does Ubuntu have display scaling or something built-in? I have it on a machine at home but never noticed any settings related to that. Glossy display - is it as glossy as the classic MacBook Pro, or more like the Retina, which is still pretty glossy and will make you hate being stuck by the window at Starbucks. I want one of these, but Dell isn't doing the one thing that makes people buy their hardware - offer it a BIG discount compared to other in the market (Air, Carbon X1, etc) > In other words - why develop on a Chromebook as opposed to a lightweight notebook? It's half the price of the Lenovo you mentioned. It has fairly long battery life, it's small yet has a full-size keyboard. It's slick hardware compared to a $299 Best Buy laptop or a netbook. But it has a whole list of disadvantages. You can't fire up a VM. You can't browse using the actual desktop versions of Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or IE. You can't use software package X. You need to be connected to the internet to do development. It's just a fancy ssh/rdp terminal in this case. I understand the romanticism about developing on a Chromebook. I love the 11" Air, and despite the low-resolution screen and low specs (ULV CPU, 2GB or 4GB RAM and 64GB/128GB SSD) you can actually get stuff done. Is it the 'Ultimate Developer PC'? No, but a great machine. The Chromebook is far more limited, but maybe the next revision along with a regular Linux distribution will be a workable solution for the rest of us. You get what you pay for when it comes to the Lenovo - the slightly bigger screen is available in IPS and blows the Chromebook screen away. The i5 (and available i7) is very powerful CPU, you can have 8GB of RAM and your choice of SSD/HD... Why didn't this guy just buy a 13" MBA in the first place?