porn is no longer allowed (well, cannot reach) on /r/all I did not know that aimee was born in 1997, nor can I find when her father's crimes actually transpired, other than that he was convicted in 2018. My initial impression was that aimee was a transwomen well into adult hood (an adult complicit in these crimes). This whole thing is going to blow up spectacularly if it comes out that the father committed these crimes when she was in her teens, and she is a product of being a victim in an abusive household. I don't understand, did she double down that her dad was innocent/what he did was ok? All I am aware of is that she says she did not know it was happening. And frankly if she was only 15 or something at the time, I would likely believe her. I would also leave open the possibility the she was being abused too, and feared retribution. At least with cigarettes, it takes 2 - 4 years to really cement your addiction. Plenty of younger people (well I guess it's with juuls now) tell themselves they can quit whenever they want, and take break during a week of family vacation. No problem, so they keep on smoking. 5 years later when they try to quit they realize that maybe they weren't as bulletproof as they thought. I know for sure it happened to me. Of course caffeine could be totally different addiction wise, and thankfully not nearly as deadly, but just some food for thought. I'm D tier programmer who would easily land a programming job if factorio was the skill metric. I'm not a programmer, I only know enough C to do simple embedded micro designs. Electronics is my jam, so I probably could get much better if I took the time. Small talk and the like is tiring, but getting to talk about your pet project with others who grasp it's depth is a rare and exciting thing, and there is no denying that in person communication flows the best. You can't even do that for civil servants though. The actual number of "encounters gone wrong" vs total encounters is vanishingly small. People think there is an epidemic of police murdering minorities, but in reality the number of unarmed black men killed by police is somewhere between bear attacks and babies drowning in buckets in terms of annual deaths. That's not to downplay the horror of such killings, but to put it into perspective of the pervasiveness of the problem. The media and especially social media of turned it into a full blown public health crisis. I have a friend who bootcamped for 6 months and landed a $130k/yr job at a buzzword start-up doing app development. No previous coding knowledge or really even tech interest. He did accounting previously. He makes 3/4 of what the president of my small defense contractor company makes, a guy who has been an RF engineer for 35 years prior to taking on the leadership role. The two fresh grad EE's we have are both spinning software in their free time to nab software dev jobs over EE jobs, because the pay is often double. You might find this interesting https://inflationchart.com/spx-in-m1 It basically shows the value of the S&P 500 as a function of total cash in the system. Especially with the rising cancer known as SaaS. Soon you'll need to be paying $10/mo for your thermostat to work, and you'll need to fork over another $200 every other year to upgrade the hardware. >If its ok for a young person to leave their hometown, move to a city and call it home to make a better life without thinking about the locals, then it must be ok for a person with a small family living in a city to move to a smaller town and call it home to make a better life for his/her family. The reason that theses two scenarios are not equivalent is so obvious I'm wondering whether or not I'm misinterpreting it. You also have the issue of the wealth divide. Its gonna be very difficult to hang out with locals when your annual income is more than they have made in a decade. Jealously alone will tear things apart, nevermind the near complete lack of overlapping life experience. So you end up with the wealthy newcomers only interacting with other wealthy newcomers. Essentially a new culture in a place that had an established culture for years before hand. Think of it like this. You can throw a lot of different juices and alcohols into the punch bowl before it becomes apparent that something is different. Pour a half shot of vodka into a glass of wine and the difference is immediate and off putting. There is very little tolerance for change in a glass of wine. The cultures of small towns really don't have much elasticity nor are they expected to have it. People don't like change and normally no one except other small town people come in. Cities are generally something that people rotate through in huge numbers. Cities are always changing while still keeping some on the side as a homage to their identity. For the most part though they are always in flux by nature. NYC is not the same as it was 10 years ago. ________ NY, largely the same for the past 200 years is suddenly changing radically in the tech WFA renaissance. There is no doubt in my mind the council will be hi-jacked if it hasn't already - some of those ordinances are "a little out of touch for modern living". Anyway, before I rant too much, my point is that comparing the elasticity of a city's culture to the rigid and fragile cultures of small towns is ridiculous. Its a fucking thermostat. I don't need the company to be bankrolling a $2mm/yr AI team so that the thermostat can try to make better guess about when I want to turn on the heat. I always assumed those were Chinese reverse engineered. They do some absolutely insane reverse engineering over there. I was thinking about this problem too, and realized that the photo-finish also provides placings for all the other contestants. Some other type of sensor might be able to more accurately place who was first, but could struggle greatly differentiating the pack of contestants behind them. Can anyone enlighten me about 5G? To me it seems to be absolutely nothing more than a marketing tool meant to sell a new generation of phones and phone plans. The fact that it is pushed so fervently just sets of red flags galore for me. 4G is plenty fast and works well for me. I see nothing gained for my phone by going from 100Mbps to 1Gbps(?). Nothing. But its pushed like the second coming of Christ. The financial/economic forest is way overgrown and no one wants to be the one to set it on fire. My "junk" e-mail address is a yahoo address. I'd actually be a little sad to see it go, I have almost 20 years of random e-mails in there. On the other hand Apple competes hard against Samsung, yet relies heavily on Samsung to build a large part of it's competing products. Although I admit that this might not be as true anymore as it was a few years ago. Amazon doesn't need to be nationalized, it does need to be broken up though. The dividing lines in the organization are so clear you could practically tap it with a hammer and it will fall apart into nice individual pieces. Yeah recently I had to replace the HID bulbs in my motorcycle. The Amazon ones were junk so I wanted the same ones I originally bought 11 years ago. Sure enough there was the email from 2010 and the company still had the same bulbs. This reminds me of the current influx of software guys into the microcontroller space. Arduino's, pi's and the like. You have these super knowledgeable people who are unable to execute the electronics side of their project, so now we have a huge market of things abstracted up to their level (i.e. LEDs with all the necessary electronics already embed, just call the address and go). This isn't even just a hobbyist phenomena. Electronics design itself is becoming more and more "turn key hardware", where you just slap chips on a board, string them together, then get chugging on the software. The pot holes play a trivial role in the example. The point is that face time is much cheaper than people make it out to be, and politicians don't have time to be doing deep research on the hundreds of applicable topics they vote on. I believe it was Al Franken I heard talking about this, and he said that often times politicians end up voting with the lobbyist desires because no one ever lobbied the other side of the issue. For instance an energy lobbyist asking for the inclusion of exemptions for it's potentially overweight trucks on local roads to support the new gas well jobs created, that "will easily make up the potential and definitely trivial road repair costs". Nobody shows up to lobby the other side of the story. The energy company painted it perfectly as a 100% good thing, while someone could have donated $200 and after bit a research shown it was actually a sham and the official would have agreed. But no one did. I couldn't agree with this more, and very much to my personal detriment I spent way to much time trying to live those ideals. In the end it's just left me fruitless and feeling like a sucker. >This is not an uncommon position within progressive circles. Many if not most progressive ideals are predicated on "the blank slate" theory being true. It's not a matter of common/uncommon opinion, it has to be true. It's an axiom of modern progressive theory. What happens when one of your axioms is anything other than rock solid? This is why the claws come out so fast when you bring up genetics in progressive groups. Twin studies have done a lot of work in this area. Two genetically identical children, separated at birth and raised in 2 separate families. At least from these studies, genetics play a far larger role than expected. I wanna know who supplanted PM with DM. It's PM god damnit! High frequency trading tech finds a new field. My "radical" take is that we need to crush wages. Mcdonalds cook - $40k/yr Senior Dev - $130k/yr CEO - $180K/yr I don't know how something like this could be implemented, but we are on a fast track to 95% of wages going to 5% of workers. If it did escape from the lab, I cannot help but think about how fateful of an event lead up to it... A tech accidently knocking over a beaker? A tiny rip in a bio-suite thrown in a trash, missed the can, and picked up and put back on the shelf by another worker? A leaking containment vessel, known to need replacing, but still worked "good enough"? An animal infected with the virus, handled by someone who wasn't aware of what it had? Endless possibilities, but likely something so small and seemingly insignificant. A good rule of thumb: The more moving parts its has, the more points of failure it has. This goes for pretty much everything. I highly suggest that people check out/try out "ABX comparator" plugin for Foobar2000 player. You give it two files (say a 128kbps mp3 version and a lossless flac verison) and it runs you through a double blind test of the two versions, quizzing you along the way. It's not just "listen to A" "listen to B", it gives you lots of options to listen to them and compare them in different ways, including obfuscating what track is A and what track is B. If you think you can really hear fine differences in audio, it can be very eye opening (ear opening?). Humans emit recycled CO2 Cars emit new CO2 >no nod towards personal responsibility This argument always bother me when discussing things at macroscale, because it ignores that someone has to do that low wage job . I was just talking to a co-worker about this yesterday in the midst of a discussion about our new (more expensive and no better) heath plan. His argument was that if people don't want to work the lower paying jobs (where healthcare costs are crushing), they should have worked harder/schooled more/played less/whatever to get to a better position. The obvious problem though is that we would not have a functioning company (or economy) if everyone "worked harder". The lower payed workers are the reason that high payed workers can exist at all. So the idea of "work harder" is actually moot. At the extreme you end up with the whole population at the same level, and when everyone is rich, no one is rich. What are white collar workers if all the blue collar "worked harder" and became white collar? Useless, they are useless. Now if I take some liberty, usually people pushing this "worked harder" rhetoric are acutely aware of what I said above, and push it as a means to maintain the status quo, because making it easier to jump from blue to white collar threatens their value. So when are we going to break up Amazon? Claiming they "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff posted on their websites is like claiming that you "enjoy immunity" against illegal stuff that shows up in your physical mailbox. It's not enjoying, its sensical. I just can't take these people seriously. They rallied hard against net neutrality because "the government can't tell private companies [ISPs] what to do" Now they want the government to moderate speech on private platforms. That's hypocrisy that even a 2nd grader could point out. My choice name is "Global Pollution Epidemic" I think it really captures what the the problem is, rather then making it some concept that seems abstract and immovable to the average person. Lots of people deny climate change, almost no one denies that humans pollute a lot. >The specifications are very carefully designed I need assurance though that my cables were carefully designed. The forest is so incredibly overgrown, sooner or later someone has to set it on fire. Seeing the (end) effects doesn't matter. Everyone sees pollution directly, whether the simple knowledge that the sea of cars on the freeway in front of them is burning gas, or just seeing litter all over the place. "Pollution" is a tangible thing everyone experiences. Telling people there is a pollutions epidemic, that is something they can immediately relate too. It doesn't matter that the smoke stack they drive past every day is just water vapor, they hear "pollution epidemic", they see what they interpret as pollution, their brain tells them "yeah, this is real". Remember this phrasing isn't for educated or knowledgeable people, it's for common folk who don't put much thought into anything. I remember in 2015 when we were decades away from a computer topping a Go champion... I get that HN is still social media, but the level of sludge here is at least an order of magnitude less than general reddit, and probably way better than twitter (I could never get into twitter despite trying my best). To me HN is the final hold out of the old social news sphere. Geeky computer nerds with inflated egos having (mostly) geeky computer nerd discussions. That doesn't sound like much, but at least the average IQ is higher than room temperature and knowledgeable discussion is more popular than puns. This is borderline retro encabulator talk. Reach out to Tom Scott (I'm serious, he is very responsive to e-mails) and he'll probably make a video about this, especially if you are in the UK like your name suggests. I know I would love to see it. Because fossil fuels are the best energy source, absolutely smashing the competition circa 1850 and still the top contender today. If we found a comparable energy source today that checked all the same boxes as fossil fuels, sans climate change and plus energy density, we'd be all over it tomorrow. It crushed me last year when we ordered extrusion/machine work samples (a lot of 10 pieces) from a major American brand and some from "Ricky" a Chinese machine shop connect one of the guys here heard of through doing other parts sourcing in China. The Chinese ones were better machined, had no issues, and were 1/3 the price. I weep for American manufacturing. I'll throw in $20 if I can be the periscope man You would be able to get affordable private insurance if you had a cyber security team. That's not a function of banning cash however, its on account of the rise of credit cards. No one sacrificed or was inconvenienced to get here, it was just natural progression with good side effects. That would imply that cyber security isn't effective in mitigating these attacks then, no? I just want to point out that there is no real evidence of this. Statistically, I'm sure it happened at least once, you can find one example of anything, but this phrase originates with a single anecdotal story from a single nurse. There was no trend or array of stories. Just one lady who said she had someone denying it on their deathbed with zero corroboration, and then she got 2 days of news cycle. Busy with their quarrels? You mean directly funding China's transformation with an insatiable appetite for cheap shit? I don't know if I'll ever forgive Google for killing blob emojis Crypto is definitely the easiest way. No accounts (well I suppose a wallet could be an account, so perhaps a wash here), no bank linking, no credit cards. Crypto is the closest thing to internet cash payments. Aren't they already "illegally" making the payments via some 3rd party loophole? Way back in the early days before exchanges, you literally bought and sold them on forums using bootleg paypal ripoffs (since paypal didn't recognize virtual money = buyers could refund) I put off my 20,000 BTC purchase because it was so sketchy. You just need it to be at a point where the masses are satiated. If we come to a point where the average person cannot afford a modest living (which we are pretty much on the brink of) then it doesn't matter what's logical or not. People are going to get upset and inevitably start breaking things. The problem is how do you tax wealth that is mostly in the form of investments? How do you tell Bezos he has to dump 1% of his controlling interest in Amazon every year to pay his tax bill? Sam Harris had a recent podcast where he talks about how he was recently at a dinner with a bunch of big tech CEO's and leaders. He asked them why they are all capitulating to woke twitter nonsense, and how if they just ignored it then it would die out. They pretty much told him that ignoring it was impossible, and they couldn't even entertain the idea. So there is your answer. That kind of rhetoric has a lot of power right now. The thrust behind this was that companies need to go back to being apolitical, and it's workers need to leave their politics and ideologies at the door. I am wondering (knowing nothing about this) if there is an issue with the approach to acquire data that it putting AI in a difficult position. This is akin to trying to train and AI to walk in the footsteps of a geophysicist, rather than making new footsteps for the AI. I guess I would extend this to radiology too since it seems to be the same issue. Let me give an example: People often mention that truck drivers are safe from automation because lots of last mile work is awkward and non-standard, requiring humans to navigate the bizarre atypical situations the truck encounter. Training an AI to handle all this is far harder than getting it to drive on a highway. What is often left out though is the idea that the infrastructure can/will change to accommodate the short comings of AI. This could look like warehouses having a "conductor" on staff who commandeers trucks for the tricky last bit of getting on the dock. Or perhaps preset radar and laser path guidance for the tight spots. I'd imagine most large volume shippers would build entire new warehouses just to accommodate automated trucks. A long time ago people noted that horses offered much more versatility than cars since roads were rocky and muddy. How do you make a car than can traverse the terrain a horse does? You don't, you pave all the roads. What gets me about doctors, and maybe I'm just unlucky/haven't seen enough doctors, is that I never get that "expert" vibe from them. You know when you're talking to someone who does, say, database management. And they have been at it for 15 years, have a bunch accreditation and are well compensated for their work. You just get the impression that you can pull the most esoteric question about databases out, and they'll go on for 45 minutes about all the nuances of it. No matter how hard you try, you with a mild database understanding, would never be able to pin them. I just have never gotten that vibe from a doctor. I always felt like I was only a question or two away from them shrugging, me googling, and me finding the answer. People talking like drilling a well in your backward is on par with typing in a different URL. So how about this, the upfront cost and effort of typing in a different URL is at least a few orders of magnitude easier than drilling a well. And waiting 10 minutes for confirmation Edit: Lightning networks are bandaids on a prototype cryptocurrency. That's a broken calendar is right once a year situation. Ehrenfest didn't just die similarly, he took his (disabled) son with him! I'm pretty sure you can still dig up climate scientists that deny global warming. Playing the "both sides" argument implies a coin or card, where both sides are equal. In reality this argument is played by people who know their side is dwarfed but want to project legitimacy. Seize the opportunity to talk about what you did there! While I admit I haven't listened to the podcast (yet) I'm not sure how you get around that issue that the free market value of medical services will defacto price in the value of your life and health, which is infinite. >Carl Hewitt of actor model fame I'll admit that threw me for a loop for a second. From NJ, wouldn't change it. No need to get out of your car and deal with a dirty pump. You can also get out to go in the store while they fill your tank, or some smaller places you can buy stuff right from the attendant. Gas doesn't cost any extra because of it either. We used to have some of the cheapest gas in the country before a recent tax hike. Basically a free service, no tipping either. One downside is that if it is busy you might have to wait, but the guys are usually pretty quick. In theory they would be identical, but in practice a flat road would be better. There are more real world inefficiencies with going up and down a hill. It strikes me as more likely that bunny is just memorizing button combinations (or more likely just a button, with ad-lib other buttons thrown in) that lead to certain actions - totally independent of the words being said. Take chimps for example, who learned hundreds of sign words. Despite knowing how to "communicate", they never once asked a question. I haven't watched a bunch of bunny videos, but it strikes me more as astrological sign reading than "dogs finally have a meaningful way to communicate". It's because the DoD was ordered to release everything (sans classified stuff, I suppose what shows off too much of our own abilities) they know about UFO's by June 30th. This somehow got in one of the COVID relief bills from last year. The report is supposed to come out this Friday. Some congress people saw it last week, including the classified stuff that will remain classified, and pretty much just shrugged after the briefing. So all that is at least why the media has been talking about this so much lately. I'll also add that Sam Harris said he had someone from the DoD, or at least connected to the DoD reach out to him about "How do you go about revealing evidence of alien technology to the public". Sam's stance on this possible revelation has been "The source is legitimate, but we'll have to see what they actually come out with." I'm haunted by Roko's Basilisk. The story in it's original incarnation may be a bit outlandish. However, dial it in a few notches and you get a powerful AI that can associate you with anything you have ever left a data trail for, in the hands of an unknown future bad actor. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if that was the thrust for the initial conception of it. Given that, the Basilisk may already be in it's infant stage. Someone recently pointed out to me the parallels between prostitution and labor. And I kind of can't shake it out of my head now, since I feel you can draw pretty straight lines from one to the other. Both are selling your body for (relatively) high pay. Both have you burn out usually by your mid-late 40's. Both are dangerous work. Both have high degree's of human trafficking*. Both subsist mostly on young naïve workers. Both have no education requirements. Both have success predicated greatly on genetics (strength vs. looks). Both are the oldest professions in the world. Really the most substantial difference I can see is in how society values men vs. women, dispensable vs. protected. Which is of course the same way humans valued men and women for pretty much all of history. *Trafficking is tricky because in the US it's basically if you do (illegal) sex work and have a boss you are being trafficked. Basically everyone in construction would be "trafficked" then, so instead I go with a high degree of desperate illegal immigrants who will do really any work (ripe for exploitation). Edit: I should note that my take is that prostitution should be legalized, regulated, unionized, and not stigmatized. It should be on the same social rung as labor. ~~If you watch any interviews with sex workers it's clear that they view it as a job, not as a pleasure act. Many porn stars for instance have boyfriends/husbands and note that sex with them is different then their day job sex.~~ Also I am talking more about hard labor, construction, dock work, mining, landscaping is is taxing but it doesn't pay the big sell-your-back-knees-and-possibly-a-limb bucks. Ah, I see. Clathrate Gun anyone? I'm sticking my head out a bit here given that this is HN... But I largely attribute the high productivity of tech to the simple nature of software as opposed to the tech industry being comprised of the most productive workers and efficient management. The flexibility and efficiency of software is insane compared to even just the hardware side of it, much less medicine or home building. >If I were making a salary in that range I'd think it would be possible to retire after about 5 years if one was frugal. We have our fair share of 30 something's on here already eyeing their exit. Nice mountain home, fun side projects, and perhaps some consulting here or there. Given your take, what kind of evidence would you envision seeing that would give you certainty that anthro cc is going on? Would the evidence arrive before it was too late to do anything? I am essentially a self-taught EE thanks to the internet. There is no shortage of engineers posting educational content, and no shortage of extremely knowledgeable engineers willing to directly help you with problems. I've done dozens of projects and even brought one to market. I guess the flipside, in my experience it doesn't count as anything in the professional world. Since I back doored engineering, I am currently the technical lead on two projects at my job, both of which have vacant engineering lead positions - making me the defacto engineering lead. So I do the engineers work for technicians pay ($19/hr). I am also the only technician in the engineering dept. as opposed to the lab. I should have just stuck with programming 20 years ago. Sorry this is a bit of a rambling tangent I went on. Maybe a warning to others that a degree is often more important than the knowledge the degree brings. I have associates degree in electronics tech and did go for my full engineering degree, but failed out...twice. I cannot for the life of me reliably pen-and-paper-clock-ticking solve complex equations. I even payed out the ass for a top tier tutor, no luck. I very firmly reached the "Maybe this just isn't for you" point. But with my own work and in my job, being really bad at high level calculus or diff eq has never even cropped up much less been a detriment (Well it does crop up, but in the SPICE simulator/circuit simulator). Oddly enough the engineering lead here is an uncredentialled engineer, but he was also the first employee 25 years ago so I suppose he is grandfathered in. Not that he doesn't deserve it either, he is wildly knowledgeable and capable. Yeah, I have. The problem is that I really do love electronics. I am a decent C programmer, for embedded applications at least. I have never written an actual PC program though besides tutorial stuff. A friend of my did a crash course boot camp for js, and did eventually get a good job out of it. Maybe I should think about doing the same. I'm actually looking for an out right now to respin my luck somewhere else. Right now I engineer by proxy, i.e. I do a design, document, or ECO and my boss stamps it (which frankly isn't too different than the other engineers, he ultimately stamps their stuff too). I have prodded my boss about it and he more or less said that after our recent acquisition by parent company and parent parent company, things are very corporate by the book. It seems right now we're in a state where they are getting full engineering work at a 50-60% discount and I am getting to do engineering work despite being hired as a clock punching lab grunt. This is a good resource, thanks! I just cancelled my prime this year after 15 years. I'm surprised this hasn't become a more visible trend. Amazon has no shortage of shitty practices, but it seems very few people actually care. The scandal will be finding out that some big time artist was actually just copying works from a custom trained AI. Wait till we start spraying the stratosphere and everyone stops caring about emissions again. Then we'll have a gun to humanities head where we must spray or face guaranteed immediate ecological annihilation. Probably. When shit starts really hitting the fan (i.e. bottom lines are being directly affected) it will be knee-jerk authorized. It's the only rapidly effective technologically feasible solution we have. The "theory" is that it isn't too environmentally damaging either, so there isn't much leverage to push back against it. It's basically like benzo addiction for the entire Earth. You take it initially to band aid your ills. You get addicted to the fix it provides. The fix is so good that you accept the bad effects. You become dependent on it to the point where quitting becomes deadly. Given the location and possible severity, the only viable way to an emergency room might have been a helicopter. Which insurance almost certainly would not cover. So the insurance is saying "If you paid $80,000 for a medevac, we would have covered your hospital bill". A Tl;DR of the situation with the FDA: - "E-Cigs are the greatest public health invention of modern times!" - Oh wait! "Think of the Children™" - "We need to full on demonize e-cigs à la '90s anti drug style!" This is pretty much what went down. It was recognized as miracle, but the fear of kids getting addicted was too great. So instead we're going the path of full on propaganda against it, while kids get addicted anyway. Probably never. I'd venture that the overwhelming majority of users on the internet do not even understand the concept of the ad model, much less the downsides. To them the internet and everything on it is free (and what isn't free is just greed by the owner) and ads are these annoying thing that crop up everywhere. I had the idea of going out and flirting with guys directly, then giving them your onlyfans as your contact. I imagine this would effectively be a money printer. I'm surprised onlyfans women don't do this routinely. If you were an even marginally attractive women, and you could hold a decent conversation for 20 minutes, I probably would be stuck ponying up $10 to see you naked. Even knowing that I got played. Calculators are generally useless in Calculus. Or at least they should be. Calculus is a process, and normally you are graded on that process, not on the answer. We were allowed calculators too, but the problems were designed that anyone even mildly good at mental math didn't need them. In theory you could teach all of calculus without ever even using numbers (perhaps except 0). Millennials in their 30's have something crazy like 1/6th the wealth their parents did at the same age. I've thought about this a lot, but the stumbling block for me is getting services onboard. The problem is that subscription services make billions annually on forgotten subscriptions. None of them want an easy "disable" slider next to their name in a convenient app. It also makes à la carte subing easy, where you sub for a month every few months to "catch up". Basically, good luck getting an API with an easy unsubscribe command from any subscription based service.