The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly.  EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly.   It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings.   They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them.  Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed.  (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals)  Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
Apparently the rotisserie chickens at the main Canadian chains (I usually go to Metro) are actually sold at a loss (or at least cost). They're meant to make you hungry and buy more food, or bring you to the grocery store to begin with. There's a reason they're always by the entrance.
It's for the Jewish people, not practitioners of Judaism (a religion). Zionism is a secular movement. Remind me, which country prints "In God we trust" on their currency?
If you support the Palestinians (not saying you do) how do you reconcile your dislike for a Jewish national movement with your support of a Palestinian national movement?  Also note that while Israel includes many Arab citizens (20%), Abbas has gone on record saying a future Palestinian state will have 0 Jews.
There are different subsets of Jews who share similar genes. The main ones are Ashkenazim (Eastern European), Sephardim (Spanish), Mizrahim (Middle Eastern), and the Beta Israel as you mentioned (Ethiopian).  Within these subsets Jews tend to share similar genes (about as much as any other race).  EDIT: To add to this, this is why Ashkenazim have stereotypes about their appearance. Dark hair, brown eyes, curly hair, etc.
Jewishness is separate from Judaism. Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people. Jews tend to share genes much like any race (especially the subsets e.g Sephardic Jews).
How long do you think Gaza has been blockaded for?...
I don't know what that time is.
I'm certainly not. I responding to a comment saying that NATO should be political allies with Iran.  Also, regarding the Iranian populace, are you so sure they're the moderates you claim, or are you just regurgitating what everyone else in the thread is saying? What do you think state-sponsored Sharia law and holocaust denial does to a populace? How can you explain Iranian citizens chanting "Death to America!"?  What you're saying is that the populace of an extremely conservative theocracy that's flooded with propaganda somehow remains liberal, while I find that very hard to believe.
Ethnically Jewish means one whose lineage is Jewish (like a race/ethnicity). Ashkenazim are a subset of Jews from Eastern Europe that stereotypically have dark curly hair and brown eyes and are most likely the "look" you're talking about.  However, Ashkenazim look radically different than say Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews) or Mizrahim (Middle Eastern Jews), who are also ethnically Jewish.
Not sure if this is fully addressing your question but Coghammer is helpful for stopping rush decks. Giving a Minibot 2 divine shields *and* taunt and being able to clear with your weapon is pretty helpful.  I'd probably cut 1-2 Cons because a Secret Pali already has one of the strongest boards in the game (Minibot, Muster, Shredder, etc.), and you should be able to deal with *most* boards with minions alone. Plus Consecrate on T4 still gives your opponent initiative on their next turn, so it basically *must* be followed by a Sludge Belcher and ideally a MC (which doesn't always happen).  EDIT: I like running Keeper of Uld because she can buff one of your Muster tokens, and has a decent body vs. aggro allowing for a board swing in your favour (plus her effect is very flexible and useful and most points in the game).
That's usually a Sukkot thing organized by Chabad. They ask everyone if they're Jewish and if they are they ask if they'd like to partake in a Sukkot ritual (usually reciting some verse and giving a palm frond a few shakes).  The purpose is to expose nonreligious Jews to a Judaic religious ritual (Chabad is a religious organization), and to perform a *mitzvah* (let's just call that a good deed).
Israel has had to deal with hundreds of attacks like this (car rammings and/or knife attacks) in the last several months https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gl-HzgpMBo.  Notice how the terrorist continues to attempt to hack pedestrians with a machete even after he's been shot. The situation in Israel is far different than in London, and London has an unarmed police force, whereas Israel does not.
Israel doesn't manufacture their own aircraft. You cherry picked a misleading example.
Everyone's probably said this already but the reason for Mad Scientist is in the deck name. He is a *huge* tempo play and considered one of the best 2-drops in the game. 5 mana for the price of 2, and a 2/2 body. If opponents know you're a tempo mage he is actually a prime target for silence because of how big a tempo swing he is.  Whenever I face tempo mage that T3 secret seriously messes with my head. I'm forced to play around Mirror Entity, and the worst part is it isn't always ME. It's also quite common to not have a garbage minion to throw at ME. Any 3-drop+ is something I don't want a tempo mage to have.  EDIT: fixed a goof.
She's referring to Israeli police shooting Palestinian terrorists while they're in the process of stabbing people as "extra-judicial killings".  It's the same thing.
It's the same people who use the term "Jew Patrol" that also complain about the "antisemitism card" being used.
That's a chicken.
I'm not sure if I'd consider someone chucking a molotov cocktail at me a "non-assailant". She also didn't say that; she made no such distinction.
It is...  r/IsraelPalestine
Mysterious Challenger
It's not all about drug-crime prisoners though. Legalizing marijuana would allow for a substantial amount of tax revenue, and create a new(ly legal) production industry in Canada, not to mention all the businesses that go with it (dispensaries, cafes, bars, paraphernalia shops, etc.).  It'd also be a large tourism draw.
This seems to be a lie.   Got a source for this? I have never seen someone claiming this, and can't find anything to back it up. It sounds more like Syrian propaganda.
They didn't create ISIS but it was the Assad regime that led to the civil war, as you said.  ISIS is just a part of the civil war. There are many other factions.
That's not how the bi-party system works, nor is it how it works in most countries. The party itself or the populace pre-selects the candidates, and anyone can run as an independent.  Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump weren't selected by Supreme Leader Barack Obama.
Assad started by suppressing the Arab Spring. The populace was protesting for democracy and his regime responded with gunfire. It didn't start as terror.
One tends to over-weigh their own country for a number of reasons, and CCP goes into them in this article: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/05/22/ask-the-spud-does-home-bias-ever-make-sense/ .
Here are some articles: http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/09/12/foreign-withholding-taxes-in-international-equity-etfs/  http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2012/09/17/foreign-withholding-tax-explained/  http://canadiancouchpotato.com/2014/02/20/the-true-cost-of-foreign-withholding-taxes/
CCP is the champion of passive investing in Canada so it gets mentioned a lot in this sub. If you're looking for more than passive investing, then it's probably not for you.  The thing is, I think it's safe to say most Canadians lack the savvy/time/commitment/desire to partake in active investing, hence the popularity of CCP here.
So I took another look at your portfolio. For a CCP portfolio I'd probably include some Developed International ex-North America, nix the dividend fund, put more in the US, and stick with whichever bonds you prefer.  Right now you're very tied to the Canadian market through hedging, as well as the underlying holdings.  A normal CCP split would roughly be 33% Canadian, 33% US, 33% International. I also have 5% in developing markets.  As for fixed income choose what matches your age/risk tolerance.  EDIT: Oh one more thing, I know timing the market is typically bad, but things are unusually volatile in Canada these days. I would be cautious before ironing in a large loss or buying something that's doing very well. If you do intend on realizing a loss, consider tax-loss harvesting it against your income tax.
You have Intellect and Drakes for draw, and Portal and Mad Scientist for drawish. If you're really struggling Duplicate can help as a third secret.
Apple is one of the most successful companies at vertical integration, so I don't see why not.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vertical_integration#Apple
Well Tesla is also a very new company...   I'm sure Apple could figure it out.
Oh you mean the guy who called Hamas and Hezbollah (considered to be terrorist organizations) friends?
Mirror Image destroys druids though, which make up a ton of matches around R3.
Then they'd have to print ID cards for every single migrant. That requires way more resources than a wristband.
Israel doesn't control Gaza, Hamas does. Israel and Egypt are *both* blockading Gaza because Gaza prefers terror over civilization.
The Palestinian Authority has already praised and incited the hundreds of stabbing attacks perpetrated on Israeli civilians over the last few months. (articles on this subject have been banned in worldnews)  This is already a terrible time for peace negotiations, especially with France rigging it so that the Palestinians benefit from failed negotiations.
The occupation of the West Bank is what the negotiations are about. If Abbas wants to change that, he's supposed to come to the table.
They did buy a lot of land from absentee landowners from the Ottoman Empire. Many of the Arabs in the area didn't actually own the land they were squatting on.
No that's called "Total War" and it's also banned by the Geneva Conventions. Total war defines all members of an enemy state as combatants. Nowadays one must draw a distinction between military targets and civilians.
http://www.economist.com/node/8846631
A Genji.
To be fair, Jay Wilson was held responsible for bungling D3 and was fired. With the new director Diablo PvP was officially scrapped.
the OIG report already found 3 non-personal emails that she deleted/were never turned over. I believe at least one had to do with someone potentially hacking her server.
