I need to hear the sound!
*Drowning in comments calling him a pussy
Thats it, now to find out what the hell its called!
I apologize, normally I couldn't link it because it's an app on your phone but luckily someone uploaded it to youtube so [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bssFYCaGytA&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m28s)
Thank you sir!
The comment "A future single mom" made me laugh way more than it should have
That's fucking insane...
Imagine an emergency vehicle trying to get through this...
The off season is in full effect!
For such a big dude, he has impressive quickness and mobility!
Some are, some aren't, lads on international duty but none of then would be in Liverpool, I would imagine!
Basically saying "we came joint 3rd in the league last year"
Nasty fall on the punters shoulder
Our sidebar bet with /r/colts?
Catholic schools!
Be on look out
Don't be silly, Ogre 2 didn't enter the game!
Some of the highest posts on here include the words "don't upvote"
Is there a concert on in that park?
Songs on most compilation videos are odd
I'm assuming I'll get grilled for asking this but what's the big issue with Koptalk? I see lots of Liverpool fans talking unfavorably about it but never got some concrete reasons why? Could you clear this one up for me?
Dilated pupils!
The legendary Al Michaels!
So, when will we have news? How long is the appeal supposed to last?
Just gotta make sure we can finish now, a top striker is needed!
This is literally dog heaven. Plenty of tennis balls and a swimming pool!
[John Henry right now]( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Admin/BkFill/Default_image_group/2010/12/27/1293462616947/John-W-Henry-007.jpg)
One of Tom's most critical throws last year was a deep ball. To LaFell against Baltimore!
Would Firmino not get some extra time off due to international duty?
Was Suarez gone for the 2014 edition? Seems crazy to leave him out?
They did come to Foxborough for 3 years in a row!
Let's hope that Miami was that Monday night game in Kansas City and in two weeks the team will play the divisional game in Foxborough like they played that Sunday night game against Cincinnati, we're on to the bye week!
Not to mention our opening TD in the super bowl!
Take the ball deep, take the top off the defense
So it's not like the show ER where there's a big pool of blood on the floor?
Uhhh, where have you been?
They are in the playoffs, stranger things have happened!
Wow
Didn't they promise to extradite him to the US after he was caught, again...
Brown
Is that an illusion? Or is that US flag huge?
Limited, to my knowledge.
So McDaniels and Patricia are staying in New England?
Who's right? Schefter said he did and Rapoport said he didn't... So, who's correct?
5 straight AFC Championship games, dynasty!
United are currently in a higher position than us in the table...
Haha once Gronk is done pulling Brady out, he goes back in to kick some ass
No, we're onto Denver/Pittsburgh!
Get a load of this guy...
Donate to the campaign and NBC will shut off the music
