There's supposedly some line on Infinite that's a direct lift off of an older Cage song, but someone else would have to remember what it is.  Also, how can you say it's unlikely he had ever heard of Cage before he recorded the Slim Shady LP, when there are multiple references to Cage on the album?
Man, those robots sure know how to fight..
Not always.. Usually, if you kill every NPC, there's usually a dog you forgot about, and somehow they count as a witness
I can't find anything in Google about them having that line-up.. Throw me in the right direction?
okay, will do
Do you know if The Real Thing is remastered too?
You can also do it by clicking the comment and pressing Z on your keyboard. Same with using A to upvote
Why?
Same with how they always do backing vocals for each other, but each of those songs features no backing vocals from the other person.
Wasn't this the theme song to their PS1 fighting game, Wu-Tang Shaolin Style? So fuckin' good..
"We Care A Lot" didn't have any hits on it aside from an early version of the title track. "The Real Thing" was their third album
Yeah but the beat to Remember The Name is literally a preset loop that Mike added a drum beat to.  EDIT: I fucked up, I meant "Believe Me", just like the guy below me did. I don't know how these songs are mentally interchangeable but holy shit.
What's the idea?
Has that been said anywhere by the band, or is it just a commonly accepted fan theory? I honestly can't think of Hybrid Theory having any "normal society" moments or Meteora being about chaos before the world ends, unless you can point out any lyrics that will stick me in the right direction.  That being said, I can see it for all the albums after those two, but I'm just not getting that vibe about the first two.
How is metal dying?
Fight Fair put out a demo in 2005, but I dunno if Pop Rocks was on it. Maybe you heard it on a friend's MySpace page or something?
But really.. What can he realistically do? As soon as an update happens, there'll be several threads posted all at once and then a megathread. We'd be kinda limited to only one new post every two weeks or more
how trill is this cave we're talkin about tho
Does weed help with not cumming? I've never heard about this..
Do you have a source on that?
Why?
Did you get automatically pm'd or what? I wasn't aware this was a notification you could get
You're still not providing proof and are still parading this as the truth.
"This isn't the absolute guaranteed truth"  "The Real Truth.txt"
Literally? Where'd it blow you away to?
What were the two you've gotten?
yeah but he doesn't really do horror games anymore, just random flash games on the internet
vid was taken down.. who was the comedian and what'd they say?
Don't risk it for this biscuit
Since I'm not really a musician (I make beats sometimes but I don't really know much about music theory or whatever) some of this might as well be Chinese to me. Could you point out a specific timeframe in a song I could examine?
Well... What kind of music do ya like? :)
What'd you do/say after?
I haven't heard the Pac album produced by Em, but hear that it was negatively received. What was so bad about it?
..What the actual fuck.
Fuck.
What will this do?
show proof tho
michael cera
How is it specifically a fat person thing?
how were Mark's vocals autotuned? there's just a lot of reverb on them
No, he's a West.
2009 was 7 years ago
damn i had someone tell me it was a public enemy parody lmao
and here i was thinking we had a freddie mercury flair for no reason
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Dre#Violence_against_women
7 years? Damn.. I know it's a short amount of time in all actuality, but it doesn't feel like that long ago. Crazy how time passes..
So "Headlights" wasn't about his mom because his mom wasn't in the video..? Am I being fucked with right now?
What type and brand of controller are you using?
Just known for good covers, like how Odi Acoustic is notable for having covered a lot of Blink-182 (and their side projects') songs
Which is..?
