What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not  If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
I think you replied to the wrong thread there mate.
I could see how followers of all Abrahamic religions might recognise that they're all basically following the same God in a slightly different way. But what about the non-Abrahamic ones - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Taoists? They number a couple of billion between them don't they?
Is that supposed to pass as debate?
&gt; What kind of evidence would be convincing to an atheist?  How about some evidence that prayer works? What if there were observable double-blind tests that demonstrated that e.g. groups of cancer sufferers who prayed were more likely to recover than those who didn't? Of course [those tests *have* happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studies_on_intercessory_prayer#The_STEP_project) and proved the opposite.   What if our increasing ability to understand our history revealed things that proved that things in the bible actually happened - i.e. a flood covered the entire earth and that animal life can be traced back to a single pair of animals on the ark, or that life was first created 6000 years ago and has never evolved at all? Of course, all evidence points to the contrary meaning that most people now recognise that most religious texts are full of fallacies.  What if someone proved that virgin births were possible, or that in some cases people return from the dead? Quite a lot of evidence that they're not.   You might say that those are all facets of religion rather than theism, and just because there was no talking snake and virgin birth that doesn't mean there couldn't still be a God, and I'd probably agree. But most religious people claim these as evidence for their God despite a lot of them being disprovable. Even forgetting religion, I still don't see anything that makes me think there's some kind of deity designing or controlling everything.
An argument isn't evidence. It's an argument.
Yeah, my point was to demonstrate what u/sotonohito said:  &gt; Basically the ontological argument is just fiddling around with definitions and thinking that somehow proves anything
&gt; the King's English  English people don't speak the King's English and haven't done for some 63 years now.
&gt; I can redefine things in mathematics all I want to equivocate concepts, but it would be a silly argument. Just like it was above when you did it   Well, ignoring you just starting to chuck out the childish insults, the *whole fucking point* of what I said was that it was meant to be demonstrably pedantic to reinforce the point to you that anyone can dick around with words to change the meaning of something to suit their own ends. It remains true that I am a Bachelor of Arts yet am married. I could have also said that I went to school with a kid called James Bachelor whose parents were married. Both of those statements are true, and negate what you said. Don't they?  &gt; And my definitions aren't ambiguous either  No-one in the history of the world has ever uttered a single sentence that was completely unambiguous. You certainly haven't become the first.  Let me remind you of where this started:   &gt; You can't just sit around diddling with words and claim to have discovered anything real or valid  And that is the point, which you seem to be missing. Playing around with words alone never brought a physical thing into existence, so a bunch of theologians cannot debate something into existence. Maths is akin to a language where the words are completely unambiguous, but again, as with language, no-one ever brought a tangible thing into existence by maths alone. Maths creates concepts and models which can point the way towards understanding of the real world, but it doesn't actually cause real things to exist.
&gt;  You're so smart, much more so than us lowly ~~atheists~~ aethists  FTFY
New year, new troll. Nothing to see here, unless of course you fancy a nosey through OP's very revealing comment history.
Rule 3: no low effort posts. It's called "Debate" Religion for a reason.
Right, but back to my original point: theology is not trying to find the answers to life, the universe and everything, it's aimed at finding explanations within the existing constraints of religions.
Is it? You're pleased your entire essay was halted at the first line?
You're saying your God exists outside logic? Then what use is it to label him anything at all? You might as well just label yourself right and Atheists wrong and be done with it - it'd be just as pointless and meaningless.
So many logical impossibilities to pick on here, but I'm curious about your belief that God is immutable as well as all the omni-s. Where do you stand on evolution? Because I know a lot of theists now recognise evolution.   If you don't recognise evolution, then there's no point having a conversation about evidence so we'll stop there.  But assuming you do, at least to some extent, then how do you feel about the fact that humans are not what God created? God created single-celled animals and evolution did the rest. He didn't create us in his image, because we evolved from apes. Did God basically hang around for a few billion years until modern-day humans evolved and only then start testing them, or is heaven full of neanderthals and paleolithic man? Or earlier, full of apes and dinosaurs and other animals? If I'm a mouse how can it be heaven if it has cats in it? Did God somehow direct evolution knowing that eventually man would be formed, and if so, how come I can be a dog breeder and I decide to develop a new breed of dog - doesn't that mean I am changing God's immutable world? And if God is so immutable, how does he respond to the ever-evolving life on earth which can be shown to have changed beyond recognition over billions of years?
TL;DW.  Make the effort to actually bring the arguments here, or stop wasting everyone's time.
Uh... aren't you in the wrong place? If you're looking for reasons to believe there's a God, surely Atheists are the last people you should be asking? Get over to /r/Christianity and try them.
It doesn't exist for me, obviously - but unfortunately not believing in religion and all the crap that comes with it does not mean one is insulated from the effects of the credulous who force their fairy tales on others.
There are plenty of parts of the world that have no recognisable government control. The sea, for one - plenty of people live on their boats and barely ever make land. There are thousands of uninhabited islands across the world where no tax collector is going to come looking for you. There are numerous parts of even civilised countries where you can live completely off grid and untouched by civilisation and no-one will ever come and find you. Even within about 30 miles of London you can find [The Principality of Sealand](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality_of_Sealand).
So what, you can't be hungry until you've learned the word 'hungry'? How does this make any sense to you? Thought comes first, and language evolves from that. You might talk to yourself inside your head, most of us are more capable of having thoughts without needing to articulate them in language.  What's this got to do with atheism? Are you going to posit some idiotic creationist idea that God invented all languages of the world, despite the fact that we can see how they have evolved (that darned word again!) from early civilisations?
Loads of people would have benefitted. Oral tradition in pre-enlightened societies meant that thousands of people earned their evening meal by telling stories, and the more flourishes the better. Then once a story starts the credulous latch on to it and start to believe it.
The existence or otherwise of something is in no way influenced by whether or not people claim its existence.   We know Superman is fictional because we can trace his origins back to literature that talks about his life. Oh wait....
It's not George Osborne. He signs off the budget, he doesn't write it. There are 1000+ people working in the Treasury, they're not there just to bring him cups of tea and mop his brow as he slaves over the minutiae of every budget.
Ah, sorry, my mistake.
Well, there's always a silver lining.
[We've already got a Washington thanks](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Washington,+Tyne+and+Wear/@54.9032871,-1.7982628,10z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x487e64c8cbe0fc97:0xa8135c37990656ba!8m2!3d54.897432!4d-1.517366)
With Labour and the Tories both tearing themselves apart, what are the chances of a pro-Europe bloc forming with Tory left, Labour right and Lib Dems?   Given that the Brexit voters would split between old Labour and Tory right/UKIP (who would surely never come together to win) I could see the centrists winning with a mandate to stay in the EU.
&gt; and so did much of Wales  Wales didn't - very much voted to leave.
So you'd say the vote in 1975 where the UK chose to join the EU (or EEC as it was then) should still stand then? Or at least it's 1-1 now and we need a decider?
Any legislation has to pass through parliament, where nearly 500 of the 650 MPs were elected to government on a platform of being in favour of staying in the EU. If it comes down to which is more binding out of a general election and the EU referendum, the GE wins hands down. Which is why we will most likely have another GE.
He made no promise about what he'd deliver in a coalition.
That's what usually happens here too, but for some reason this time David Cameron decided to stake the entire economy on a coin-toss and lost in an attempt to save his own skin. What's more the defeat was so unexpected that it's not only taken out Cameron, but his main rival for the Tory leadership and looks like the main opposition party is rapidly descending into civil war as well.
The main thing would be to find some new paddles after the last ones were thrown overboard by the Leave campaign.
&gt; Atheism requires faith  Faith in what?
&gt; try to expand your thoughts a little outside of this circle-jerk of a subreddit.  Sorry, stopped reading there.
If you insist on a policy of re-patriating EU nationals away from the UK then that has the inevitable consequence of making other EU nations do the same to British people. It's childish not to accept the consequences of your actions.
But that information isn't available to anyone who might stand against them in their constituency so that's not a valid use of it and should be prohibited.  And then when you start to consider that a sitting MP might have access to the browser history of all their future competitors it gets a whole level more sinister.....
How do we know that the government won't use the information to discredit their opponents? Let's say you were the incumbent MP in a constituency and you got a whisper from one of your party colleagues that your main opponent had some kind of porn fetish? Do you honestly reckon they would never find a way to leak that, and how would that not be considered compromising democracy?
Skill.
Norway is proof that you can be outside the EU but inside the single market.  The referendum asked only about leaving the EU, not about leaving the single market.   Those two statements are 100% fact, you can so stop trying to spin some kind of narrative that claims otherwise.
&gt; The single market is intrinsic to membership of the EU  Once again: Norway. Stop avoiding it.
I was thinking more about the Leave campaigns in general than May specifically - but they all led us to this point.
&gt; Both sides lied - so there is no moral high ground argument  Not really - 'remain' was just a vote for the status quo, whereas the Leave campaigns could promise all things to everyone with impunity. Hardly surprising that leading Leave campaigners all fucked off within a few days of the Leave vote.  &gt; she isn't pushing through anything  Well, she was trying to until the Supreme Court intervened.  &gt;  she is following the manifesto commitment her party were elected on  She's taking 'leave' and extrapolating out to things that nobody voted for and therefore don't have a mandate. It's all well and good people saying "well it's more or less the same thing" - nobody has ever voted for hard Brexit.  &gt; letting parliament decide whether we leave or not  I'd like to think our MPs would vote based on their conscience since most of them were initially elected to parliament on a pro-Remain platform. Some hope though.
&gt; What is it with you not getting the point?  Well, your point seemed to be that May couldn't have any future blame attached to her for screwing up Brexit in the way that Tony Blair did for screwing up Iraq.... so in that context, when Blair got parliament to vote for Iraq then the Brexit vote in Parliament doesn't really absolve her. You said Iraq was based on lies, I say the Leave vote was based on lies. You say she wasn't pushing anything through, I say she was trying to until the Supreme Court intervened.   So back to your original point: if Blair can be pilloried for Iraq when that turned sour then May undoubtedly can be for Brexit if that does the same.
This is incomprehensible.
Ah, but although it said nothing about it in the referendum, we all *know* that a leave vote actually meant a vote to shaft certain industries when it becomes politically expedient to do so.
