The only "supporting evidence" is the fact he isn't voicing Big Boss. It would be cool if him/Snake made a cameo but I don't care
RIP old hot Anko.
You're right Raw was on Spike (was thinking TNA) you sure WWE was on Spike when Adams show was on Spike? WWE left Spike in 2005
Got anymore of that Max and Chloe?....
Idk why but I can't see those spoilers
Did he get the hook out?
Naruto
So did Hiruzen fight Oro's arms until he was Edo?
Room for one more on your sunken ship?
That was burnt by the awfulness of Reach,4 and MCC. 5's beta felt like a cod ripoff.
Because they own the ip, they can either kill the ip and never use it(banjo and conker) or support it like with Killer Instinct. If Ono/Capcom went to MS for funding/resources for SFV and there was a profit to be made, I doubt Phil would've refused.
Thanks Sherlock Holmes.
Then any medical Jutsu user that used chakra to heal puts their DNA into people? Is Garaa part Granny Chiyo?  Naruto's heart filled with Sakura's DNA?
Just watch the documentary "Courtney &amp; Kurt" on Netflix. Great documentary and It made me a believer of the conspiracy.
I wonder about DayZ on Ps4
Sorry I got a bit confused for a second lol.
Toriyama will find an excuse for Gohan.
No it isn't......
Not to make bad games like 4 and MCC?
What's on his shoulder?
People in Japan.
Got any source for that?
Refresh my memory.
It could be /r/jontron
Right now.
No unless they change their mind.
Christmas DDoS came late.
And that's why Ubisoft blacklisted them.
Make your account primary when PSN is up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_8nQWsZuYI
How? Live also gets DDoS and they made bank from the deal.
Off topic ish: now that Smackdown will be live again, it would be cool if they did the split brands again and had two titles.
Super Monkey Ball from Sega pls.
/r/PS3
It really isn't ending though. Kishi is still allowing the ip to be used and is supervising the new mini part 3, any new novel and if they do more movies.
This has nothing to do with PS4
Allegedly. Dude won his court case and shouldn't be linked to it but just the fact his name was on something that his name will always be tarnished.
The plot thickens.  If true, Doc shouldn't be a hypocrite or in the HoF either.
No recaps and will pick up during the war in shippuden. You won't understand the characters and the plot without watching/reading Naruto and Naruto Shippuden.  Great anime if you don't mind watching  663 episodes and counting.
That's why they made GTAO
/r/games cry about everything.
Steve Kerr when he left.
I wonder if It's a console exclusive or will it be on X1. They were never clear and originally it was just PS4 first and PC later.
He spent time charging, same with Naruto but he uses clones and Kurama.
I wonder if Darvish picked that song or even knows about it.
Ayy lmao
That's probably it. Montage of 2016 games with a logo at the end saying "Let's Play".
People probably are, but it's hard to get excited for a game that probably isn't coming out until next year and we've only seen one small gameplay.
Makers have nothing to do with it.  Shu announced that it's coming.
That was when OnlyUseMeBlade ran their channels.......
