Lol I've never seen spy kids 2 but yeah exactly like that
She came and started farting
Going over rocks and such
Wait. He was just selling stolen credit cards?
Always sunny, breaking bad and trailer park boys although they're due for 2 more seasons. There may be one or 2 other shows but I can't think of them right now
Bitching
Oh shit. This is the best example of this I have ever heard
Oh they won't hatch though
Nerite eggs don't hatch in fresh water
Freshwater tanks doesn't always mean planted though, they're just usually just talking about looking nice
I sure did!haha I noticed right after posting but decided to leave it anyway
I don't remember but I think they were a peice of petrified wood looking stuff that I smashed into a couple smaller peices
Here's the proper way to drink coffee  Step 1. Go to the break room.  2 grab a paper cup  3 full cup with ice  4 pour coffee over ice  5 open a straw. This is to make sure it spends the least amount of time in contact with your teeth as possible to avoid staining  6 chug that shit as quickly as you can because it tastes fucking nasty but caffeine is definitely needed.
"Despite having special needs, Simms says Nicholle is not capable of feeding herself without assistance"  What?
I don't have any experience with palidariums and very little knowledge but I recommend posting this over on r/plantedtank it isn't necessarily the perfect sub but it is much more active and I'm sure someone over there will be able to point you in the right direction.   Edit : a couple points.  I would recommend a 30 or 40g breeder Tank , they are less tall than some other tanks which will give you more ground area to work with.  Also I really don't think a soil and stone floor is a good idea as water won't run over it as much as just seep into it and make mud
Toms friend, that's who
God damn
I read "feets" instead of feet, which seemed way cooler. This is by first time on this sub. I'm not a short dude but, fuck those girls. I would like to see some kind of reversal on this and what kind of reaction it gets
Lol I'm glad I got to read that before it got deleted
No, it's a watch with... marbles and space and stuff? Just a shitty one
It does not
Ah. That's kinda what I meant. Not compared to competing body builders but just the general population
What? It's only the plastic cover being replaced
For the general population?
Landmine press?
What kind of light is that?
Good point.  I just threw the light on to see what I was doing and put it on the side I wasn't working on to keep it out of my way
Home depot it's a light diffuser I chopped up
HO   LY  FUCK
Seriously. The guy to the left has a camera too it looks like.
That didn't fuck up your paint?
Your dry start looks a little too wet
They crashed
Break a couple twigs off of the wood to make it fit or once you smash the one rock up, use a bunch of little peices to fit into the roots.   Edit : also thank you,  setting up hardscape is probably my favorite part of aquascaping
You can always break them off but still use them in the scape. In my 40b there are like 6 peices of wood but I tried to make it all look like one peice
Also keep in mind that depending on how you plant it, the plants may overtake the hardscape
Got any more info on this?
Brendan fraiser is in some dope shit
It's called fat
Like playing Yahtzee!
Chooooosen ooone   I'm coming
Evil con carne
The already got a bunch of neons
Not exactly what I was referring to but that's cool too. Never mind it's the right thing but the link was to the comments
What is another example of a black comedy? I'm not trying to be a dick, I've just realized I don't think I've ever heard of any other movie described as a black comedy
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Id like to see a version of this without the wacky filter if you have it
Oh man I should've read your reply before posting the same thing but with shittier words
A girl at my friends old job got caught doing heroin at her desk. She then had to sit next to a supervisor
