Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself.   Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back".   It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad.   So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China.   Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back.   Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering.   Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then.   By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
It is not standard for the screenwriter to get 50% of the gross profits in any universe.   Even in the 1 in a million case where the suit isn't filed by a crazy person all they get is a small sum and credit, e.g. just like Harlan Ellisom and Terminator, he didn't end up making 50% of the fucking profits, he got a settlement and credit.
Because that is a pulled pork melt not a grilled cheese.
Satan was an angel. Reminds me of the story of Satan offering Christ dominion over the world.
Actually they explain this in the Wachowski approved canon MMO, you find documents during a mission that show that Anderson was an experimental unite that had wireless hook-ups in his physical body, the machines were testing Matrix WiFi to potentially make humans who could be shut down and re-Matrixed wirelessly, thus making future Zion invasions easier/cleaner/less-costly.   The Oracle knew about the program, and positioned it so Anderson would be "The One", knowing that his wireless hook-ups could be harnessed to allow him to effect machines outside of the Matrix and thus break the cycle of Zion being destroyed over and over.
He actually had special hook-ups, it's the reason the Oracle chose him because she knew he would be able to use the hardware to stop the machines IRL, they explain it in the MMO which was canon approved by the Wachowskis.
That the briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains Marsellus Wallace's soul.   The entire point of the briefcase storyline is that Jules is going to escape the cycle of violence that eventually destroys all criminals because of his spiritual awakening, Vincent refuses to acknowledge the miracle and continues down the path of evil.   If Vincent personally witnessed a soul contained in a briefcase, why in the hell would he spend the rest of the film arguing with Jules about miracles and god?
I am seeing a lot of parallels to the comic "Irredeemable", which would probably also be impossible to get made conventionally.
The good thing about that money is that the government makes new money in tax revenue every year to do new stuff with.
The government provides services, we pay a membership fee for the services they provide, they pull in new revenue every year from those membership fees.
That isn't a bad thing though, we're paying off the debt, we don't default on it, our securities are good, it's why people invest in us.   And we do have money, we sell securities for money we'll pay off for money we can flip around and invest now. It's one of the ways we keep the economy growing as fast as it does.
Fingers and toes crossed.
We pay off the securities as they mature, while getting more credit for new programs which we then turn around and pay off when they mature.
They are 1500 light years away, if it is aliens and they are just now building a sphere, that means that probably stopped using tradition radio decades or centuries ago.
Yea. Contact Amazon and tell them you accidentally got the wrong book.
Tell them "I bought this here a few weeks ago as a present for my Cousins birthday, but after the party I realized it was the wrong set, but I had already tossed the receipt, here is the card I bought it with."   They won't be able to find it on the card if they even ask, and will ask if a gift card to Walmart is fine.
With Ebooks, not if you do it within 15 minutes.
That's what the bag is for.
This is a thread about how to do illegal and unethical things.   No of course don't take advantage of people and lie and abuse customer service people.
What would be the motivation for the future Omni Bank that controls all wealth to punish an external economy that can offer it no more wealth?
If 10 people own all of the wealth, then they've won, they have all of the money. What would they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy that can't offer them anything?
Right, in the scenario they've already won, what do they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy with nothing to offer them?
Right but once again, in this future scenario they have already won, they have all of the money, why try to attack an external economy that can offer nothing to them and never threaten them.
You would if the Ants created an entomologist.
He said they look like Batman, either he means they look like Batman out of the costume, or he's referencing the fact that they are wearing martial arts armor?
Maybe he just really wants to be ready for Suicide Squad.. it's hawt today.
Well not grow in the same way. How it's been happening is that manufacturing jobs come in, and it allows people to move out of a rural existence and move up, they can invest in their child's education using their blue-collar job, start owning things, and their child can have a white-collar job.   All economies transition, and things come in and out of them that offer profit.   Once we have mass-automation, the last few countries which haven't had a chance to see a mass of manufacturing jobs come there will be able to switch over to machines.   The question is how do we transition from humans having those jobs to robots, how quickly is it going to happen? Will there been any developing economies actually left by the time we get there? Will the economics of scale factor in and it still be cheaper for a lot of those jobs to remain with humans if there are other infrastructure issues?   Will we be able to transition globally into some variation of the basic income system if there aren't any jobs for people to do? Will new jobs emerge which we can't imagine now?
Your clothes can smell because you were around people smoking or smoking previously, but you weren't currently high.   Maybe he gave a lift to some people who were themselves either smoking recently, or around people that were smoking?   So you can't even be certain that the people that left the scent in the car were high much less that the driver was at all responsible.
And the only forces that can in any way compare to the Federation in size and power are the Dominion and the Borg, both are over a thousand years old or more by the time that the Federation meets them, and even though the Federation faces horrible initial battles, they quickly rebuild and adapt.   The Federation is able to rebuild the fleet after the Battle of Wolf 359 within a year, the Federation was able to spring back almost instantly from the initial failures in the Dominion War.   So the two wars with superior-teched organizations of equal or greater size ended in Federation victories. A single star-ship was able to spread a technological virus to the Borg and destroyed their Transwarp hub killing billions of Borg, and leading to a civil war where reawakened Borg split away and fought against the Collective.   The Dominion War ended with a peace treaty.   There are many forces in the Galaxy more powerful than the Federation, but there are few that can adapt as quickly, once the Federation is faced with a problem, it gets solved quickly.
Zionism was founded by athiest socialists in the 1800's to escape the rabid anti-Semitism of Europe.   Religious Zionism is a movement of it's own. Zionism is merely the belief in a Jewish state in the name of political self-determination, anything else you believe is extra.
Except there are dozens of sub categories of Zionism.
Conceal-carry has doubled in the last 20 years, the percentage pf women owning guns has doubled, gun-sales have skyrocketed, and other polls have suppprt contrary evidence that gun ownership rates are stable or rising.
Israel never actually utilized the AK in any significant numbers and definitely never picked it over the AR. Their primary weapons were Enfield's, Stens, Thompsons, and Czech bolt action rifles, until the 50's when they switched over to the Uzi and the FN FAL.   The tested the AK but were never able to get a lot of them, so they dropped the idea of utilizing it and developed the Galil which had sought to balance the hardiness of the AK with the accuracy of the FAL/AR platforms.   They used that until they switched over the the M-16 and M4 in the late-90's/early 2000's, since the platform has gotten far more reliable for desert usage.   They are now phasing out the M-16 for the Tavor by 2018.
"Oh what a lovely teaparty!"
There was something special about him, he had experimental plug hardware that had Wireless hardware built into it, which is why he had powers outside of the Matrix.
There are ways to see what devices iPod's are associated with, you could potentially get an iTunes account name from it.
There are a lot of people to support other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there is Bernie Sanders, who could still deny her enough votes to lead to a contested convention, there is a third party like Jill Stein at the Greens, or Gary Johnson who just clinched the Libertarian nomination.   There are a lot of viable options other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and being against Hillary Clinton does not mean being FOR Trump.
He has a ship that effectively makes him one of the most technologically advanced people on earth rivaling Tony Stark.   Not to mention there are a lot of people who would want to talk to him about stuff going on in the universe which he has a direct knowledge of.
Most species that have existed don't exist anymore, if we killed off half of the species on the planet right now, in a few million years things that look remarkably like those species that were wiped out would have filled the niches left.   Life fills niches, that is all it does, pick any random species, and there was another version of it in it's niche before the previous creature got knocked out for a million different reasons.   Individual species aren't important on geological scales, only on human scales.   We don't want to wipe out species because it can upset the ecosystem and make things harder for human beings if we wipe out too many.   Not wiping out a species only matters on human scale, we shouldn't do it for us and us alone.
He can't stop referencing it, Earth seems to be pretty important to him still.
Why is he wearing that Hausu T-shirt...?   https://s3.amazonaws.com/criterion-production/shop_product_images/679-39fa5fe49c1e816075b5e2a918325d39/mens_house_shirt_900_brighter_original.png  It's so weird...
Correct, the Brain Bugs are psychic, and the bugs are known to take human prisoners and keep them alive.   So I imagine that if a Brain Bug wanted to interrogate a human they would do it psychically instead of absorbing the brain itself.
We were, but Reed Richards fixed it so we aren't aware it happened.
Unnamed sources straight up say that. No official statement has been made other, "Calm down guys, reshoots were planned at the beginning of the project, and are totally normal."
He focuses almost entirely on high-level organized crime, Batman spends almost none of his time focusing on petty criminals or "poor people".   Or did you miss the part where the criminals in "Dark Knight" literally had a small mountain of money.
The covers were almost never accurate, they were almost always a silly over the top situation that never turned out to be how it actually was in the book just to attract readers.   Regardless of variations in how the character has been written, and an occasional Elseworlds story, there is always a singular core that has persisted that makes the character recognizable as the character, there is always a continuity of the character.
Pretentious simply means, a work of art claims that it has stuff going on, but is actually empty.   It's something that claims or presents itself as having meaning or something to say, but actually does not.   It's not about style, or tone, or differences in how information is presented, it is merely if it actually has meaning or not.   If it is devoid of true meaning at it's core, it's pretentious.   If it has meaning at it's core, it isn't, even if it's a stupid meaning, or an overly complex meaning.
