Because it increases the usefulness of bitcoin and therefore its value.
&gt; into either the 1mb chain or 20mb chain or both
&gt; I want to design for the worst case Are you? Are you designing? Are you working on bitcoin? Do you contribute experimental or simulation data to the mailing list? Are you sending pull requests?
It was an honest question and I haven't talked to you before, so I don't understand the hostility. I specifically quoted this part of your sentence: "I want to design for the worst case" and asked my question regarding that. And the reason I ask this question is that you make it sound like you're one of the core-devs with all and absolute answers to any problem in the bitcoin space. But personally I don't see you anywhere other than on this sub reddit, unless you use different names there. Hence my question. One of the complaints Rusty Russel had when entering the Bitcoin space was that there is so much freaking noice and it's nigh impossible to distinguish self proclaimed arm-chair experts (if not flat out trolls) from the few truly knowledgeable people.
And c is the portion of full nodes run by people over 18. And d are the trolls on Reddit. O(abcdn^4)
Unfortunately that's what the sheep following him think. In the meantime he's just a huge distraction wasting valuable developers' time.
You've been explained exactly that a million times, but you chose not to listen. Your loss.
Lies. Doubling is already in progress.
If you read this as "quit whining", the whole freaking post is one huge whine. Definitely not honest or less despicable. Well, I guess it still could be if we never heard from him again...
He's talking about the "scaling problem", not about scaling. And that's the whole problem why people don't understand and why they're judging things only by superficial promises of endless rainbows. If you blow more air into a party balloon you are scaling. But you're not changing the scalability. The "scaling problem" refers to the fact that it's going to pop at some point! To improve scalability you need to improve the quality of the balloon. Thicker skin, better material, etc. THEN you can start inflating again.
Yes LN can run on Bitcoin as it is now. Maybe if you would have invested 1 hour of your time to listen to for example the initial announcement presentation video of LN instead of wasting your time listening to trolls, then you would have known not to parrot lies and FUD.
Actually no. He's a valued member of this community and a voice of reason. I can't believe people can remain that calm in the face of disgusting trolls. You on the other hand...
You can leave that to PeterR... UNLIMITED!!!!11 He's already scientifically proven that no limit is necessary. Well maybe not peer reviewed... well... ignoring the peers that had any comments... well... maybe not at all... but still ! UNLIMITEDd !!!1!
Lies. FUD and ignorant parrotting.
That's because it's much more efficient with malleability fixed. But it can be done without.
Lies. It's so amazing how you trolls come up with your lies. From the very first announcement of sidechains it was said they're not for scaling. But don't listen to me. Don't check it for yourself. Ignore it and repeat the same FUD tomorrow like a proper troll.
Sure then don't educate yourself. Your loss. Poor people reading and believing your bs though.
The word scalability appears twice in the document, both not in the context of scaling Bitcoin with sidechains.
Smart people already have. They're bogus as well as the writer. You don't need an academic background to recognise the butthurt 3 year-old tactics.
Then how come any post by R screams butthurt ego?
That's what underway means. Shit takes time you know.
&gt; You could (implement LN without a TM fix), There you go. You educated yourself. Congratulations! Cookie for little horsie.
The general code exists for 6 months. It's being adapted and fine tuned and debugged. Bitcoin is a million times harder than normal software and you can be sure that even Microsoft takes their time with updates, so it shouldn't be surprising that it takes some time. Besides that huge amounts of time is being wasted debating trolls that spread misinformation and lies and thereby confusing everyone.
That whole site means absolutely nothing if actual developers and others that know what they are taking about don't join (and that means Core, Blockstream and some others). And tbh I'd seriously doubt they'd let themselves be lured into another sesspool of a miss america competition.
The whining is large in this one.
Well good luck. In the meantime i hope you can put your coding skills to good use. Try not to make yourself an outcast.
Vile person
That makes no sense whatsoever. A whole network of people running different settings is going to drown me out? Meaning i can do a double spend for every single permutation of settings that exist in the network. And that network is then after N blocks going to come to a magic consensus on which one of my double spends was the valid one. Like I said: not only is 0 conf killed by BU, N conf is killed too.
You people are vile and disgusting. Displaying an obvious and complete lack of understanding of even the basics of LN or Bitcoin, yet coming here badmouthing, misquoting, lieing, and parrotting FUD not just about the technology but even about the experts that actually know what they're taking about and are doing the actual hard work. All in the open, as open source and for free, might I add. If you think you can do better than go do it instead of wasting everyone's time with your childish misquotes.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
&gt; For people using money on their mobile phones, running a node isn't something they are going to want to do. Which is why we need fraud proofs, so we can give light wallets at least a bit more security and we can have medium nodes in between full nodes and light nodes. For fraud proofs we need SegWit, which also doubles the blocksize. So no drama necessary.
And what have you got to show for yourself, claiming to be such an expert? Why would anyone trust a random blabbering FUD troll whose every word proves he has no clue whatsoever, over multiple independant experts with some 20 or 30+ years experience in Open Source and cryptocurrency space? If you're too stupid to understand what they're saying, maybe you should have the decency to STFU instead of making up FUD and accuse them of all kinds of ridiculous conspiracy BS. K.I.S.S. my ass. I dare you to make one coherent post that shows you have a single clue about even the basics of what's going on.
Published on Dec 10, 2014 What's your point?
&gt; Sounds more like an attack on bitcoin especially if it is coming from Core. Congratulations a new universe has just been discovered where your logic actually makes sense. Please board the one way express asap.
Because the large miners don't care about the global orphan rate, they win most races anyway. You've just found another angle to look at the same centralisation problem.
No it's proof that the centralisation problem is real: large miners win most orphan races so of course they don't care about them.
You're ignoring huge efforts by core devs that made big improvements as well as the fact that the whole network is currently dependant on a centralized solution by the name of Matt's Relay Network, without which Bitcoin would have been dead right now.
Fractured. Which is good and was bound to happen. People that invent their own logic will never be in consensus for long.
Thank you Core for your hard work and professionalism! Awesome job so far and excited for the many upcoming features and improvements!
You can create BIPS and discuss those all you want. Any other method is just hijacking and abusing the platforms built through the hard work of others to promote your own dishonest crap, while being poisonous to the real project.
Exactly.
Because that alt shit is set on destroying Bitcoin as a whole. Why poison yourself with it?
I wonder how you dare to make such absolute statements while clearly not actually knowing the facts. (See Adam Back reply.) Are you one of those people that just throw some buzzwords around and build your own reality on that? Quantum Computer! Or are you just one of those people that likes to make up FUD made to sound valid because of some buzzwords and intent on derailing honest discussions? There's certainly plenty of those people around. Either way if you would have been honest you would have posed your point as a question to experts instead of such an absolute statement 10x around the thread.
Do you have data to show why 16 or 32 are somehow optimal? Then why bikeshedding? When you pull numbers out of your ass any is as good as any other. Now Core actually has data to show that 1MB is currently at the edge of what's possible. Many optimisations and improvement (i.e. hard work) need to be done to allow a safe increase in block size limit. Luckily they have set out a roadmap and ARE working hard on doing exactly that. SW is a part of that and a big enabler for future improvements AND it doubles the effective size. A simple hard fork for size increase will probably happen later. Literally no one wants 1MB forever, that's just a troll srrawman.
FUD. 2 MB is already in progress. Have you seen the roadmap?
FUD and lies. Go troll somewhere else.
Yup sound like him for sure. He did that before.
Aaaaand paartyyy!
Nonsense. In a few months. Grow up and educate yourself instead of insulting educated people.
SW is ~doubling + shitload more actual improvements.
The ONE thing I was so afraid of getting into Bitcoin: an open source project with money at stake, that's going to amplify the normal open source project infighting and bikeshedding. But I didn't expect it this soon and I didn't really realise it was this bad until quite late.
You should see the loads of white space optimisations they've already committed to their github fork. Very impressive. Love your show guys. Just finished catching up to all old episodes. Great breath of fresh air that gives me hope that not the whole community is stupid.
Oktober 2015
Just to add: Sometimes referred to as BIP248 but definitely not official. Makes a lot of sense to introduce a BIP when the time is right and consensus has a decent chance instead of pointless bikeshedding and pretending BIPs are political pamphlets that we see now.
Finally a good episode again. He didn't go into fraud proofs although he promised. SW opens up the path to a dozen new features that can be worked on in parallel and then "voted" on through soft forks with versionbits.
A lot more than a few 100.
He's often wrong on details, true. He admits that too. At least this time he understood the gist and conveyed it well.
Haha amazing. Never realised that. So ethereum really doesn't have anything at all on bitcoin. Not even the claim to the irrelevant sales pitch "first turing complete". Cool.
How can be people be so stupid to keep putting their money in webwallets and exchanges? I couldn't care less about your loss, but you dumbfucks are hurting the entire bitcoin ecosystem as large numbers of bitcoins come into the hands of crminals which (best case) dump them lowering the price.
The Other XT .... Hmmm
True heroism confirmed by plenty proof of work. As opposed to 0 conf armchair trolls. Eternal respect! (And to Greg and many others!)
His tool is probably older than coinbin (whatever it is, i didn't check), in fact coinbin probably uses his tool. Just look at the trollery against RBF recently to see how people still can't get it into their heads that 0 conf is unsafe. Or even half of the replies to that twitter thing. True innovation is being stifled by ignorance. We need more if these demonstrations.
You should pay a little more attention, his tool is multiple years old and he's been taking about it all over the place for at least as long. 90+% success rate years ago. I guess it gets buried in the RBF and other 0conf related trollery.
Actually LN will allow you to do 0conf with 100% security. You might want to invest in that technology to try to speed up it's development. I can hook you up with a dev that's currently working on it part time but would be willing to do it full time.
You're failing by showing ignorance. Try it.
If only you would drop your RBF FUD and ignorance. This whole thing has nothing to do with RBF. The tool he used (and created) has existed for years. Oh now i see you need to mention RBF to validate your conspiracy theory. Pathetic.
It doesn't. And you don't. 90+% success rate and probably higher in this situation, although coinbase might learn from this.
As far as i know ATMs require at least one confirmation. At least the ones I've seen so far.
&gt; The purpose of the blockchain is to prevent double-spending. Coinbase wasn't using the blockchain, that's the whole point. Rest of your post is ignorant and unrelated FUD. This had nothing to do with RBF.
No you don't. This tool has existed for years and had 90+% success rate. RBF actually adds an extra warning to the receiver but otherwise doesn't change the likelihood of success.
Sure twist it into a conspiracy. Lamest in the book. 1) Double spending has been THE problem for digital currencies for 40+ years. 2) Blockchain solves that. 3) You don't use the blockchain (i.e. 0 conf -&gt; no blocks -&gt; no blockchain) then it's not solved for you. Parlez vous kindergarten logic?
Of course it's not 100%, noone ever claimed that. It almost can't be if the receiver is not completely stupid and you don't have all the miners in your pocket. But 100% is not really the goal here and even 1% is be profitable. Anyway, seems Peter is going to help you troubleshoot.
Lie and FUD. This has nothing to do with RBF. The tools were made and published and working almost 2 years ago and others have done similar things. And it works _without_ using RBF whatsoever.
I'm not sure what is scarier. Mining centralization or this ownership centralization. Exchanges are a lot easier for governments to confiscate. 10 fold MtGox waiting to happen and the worst part is that it affects the whole of Bitcoin if those coins get dumped (aside from the negative press).
Dude seriously. Why do you have time to parrot FUD around and insult hard working smart developers, but you yourself don't know the first thing? Stop posting anything and educate yourself! FCOL Payment channels are 2 / 3 years old, if not more. They're implemented. They're in use. They're gonna be even better and simpler with SW and CLTV.
Satoshi whitepaper, first paragraph: &gt; We propose a solution to the double-spending problem The blockchain + PoW was invented to solve the double spending problem (in a decentralized way). Which is THE biggest problem all predecessors faced.
https://streamium.io/ and it's been implemented in bitcoinj (the underlying library a lot mobile wallets use) for a while now.
I agree mining centralization is scarier, I was just comparing the two to indicate that this is also very bad. The problem is that other people (apparently) store millions of coins in centralized places and if those coins get stolen (a la MtGox or by governments) and get dumped then you can bet the price will tank for at least a while.
I have no idea what exchanges are holding but the OP says several million bitcoins in total I don't know very many large exchanges so several million divided by 5? Is still a shitload of coins in the same order of magnitude as MtGox, if not larger. Any of them can still do an exit scam, get hacked or get raided. I don't see what's so unlikely tbh.
Armchair trolls do neither, so still infinitely better.
Exactly, all the RBF FUD is trying to accomplish is block proper innovation and progress.
Nah, we're just shedding our fur. It was infested with fleas and leeches.
Why copy/paste a troll that was already debunked right there?
This exact tool is ~6 months, but the older replace-by-fee-tools were used to do a similar demonstrations. https://github.com/petertodd/replace-by-fee-tools
Finally some sense in this thread, after so much scrolling. +1
I am not (and I don't think anyone actually is) claiming 0conf should never be used. Of course anyone can decide that for themselves and there are a lot of measures people can take to defend themselves and lower the risks. Both with bitcoin as well as the physical world (cameras, face to face, Insure against the risk, etc.). One problem is that people think it's safe. Safer than it actually is. Low awareness is bad. It leads to things like mtgox, address reuse, miner centralisation and other bad things. Bitcoin must be robust for it to have value and that robustness must not depend on people dozing to sleep thinking everything is fine. And it can not rely on chargebacks either. Another more immediate problem is that preserving an accidental minor feature ("0conf is not impossible") can make people think that 0conf is one of the design goals. That causes roadblocks for actual innovations that do make Bitcoin more robust. Like RBF. And in this case it's even worse: RBF doesn't change the safety of 0conf at all and still people are throwing up roadblocks. Anyway the good news is that LN will enable 100% safe instant payments, so the future is bright. I agree with your comment on credit cards. It still seems insane to me that it would ever become popular but then again i sat that about facebook and twitter too.
No, when it fails you get to keep your cup of coffee so you lose nothing. &gt; Since it's an exchange, I suppose you can withdraw and then purchase from them again There you go. &gt; but you would be losing fees on each transaction which should make 1% unprofitable. Bleh. It's 90+% in reality anyway, so 1% was just an extreme example that may not be applicable in all cases for out of context reasons.
Why not do it yourself?
Of course. And that's the reason why 0conf will still be fine in a lot of cases as long as people remember and deal with the risk. And that's why it's good that people remind them every now and then with a small amount of money and some publicity.
And what decade do you think to have even one of these features finished, in this one man charade? Also noting that none of these features are novel and have been in the works for sometimes years in core. There are reasons this shit is difficult. Why are you giving these trolls any excuse to think they stand a chance with all this poisonous nonsense? You really think they will support you with anything other than armchair demands for the impossible? And that they will support you longer than your first slip up or first slightly contentious decision?
What magic happened in 1996 that any currency attempt before that failed to see?
Those people are idiots because it's "The longest VALID chain always wins." Where longest is defined as having the most total work behind it. And by definition a hard fork changes the definition of "valid". Maybe he should stick to his failed altcoin. Here's an idea, why not move Ethereum from PoW to PoSS? https://twitter.com/el33th4xor/status/686930653556944900 "Proof of Social Shaming"
I'll start believing the XT/Unlimited/Classic and other failed altcoin devs, the moment one word of sense comes out of them.
And for completeness Vitaliks reply: https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/687050844928348161
So the classic website is already lying right off the bat: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". All kinds of nonsense will be included as well fit political reasons, yet without letting the ignorant sheep (your demographic) know what they are actually choosing. Just shoving your own dishonesty under your own nose.
&gt; We need a solution. is not a reason to do braindead stupid shit!
https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/DigiCash And that's not the first.
Don't you think we've drifted far enough from the context and the original point. I said something like 40 years (can't even bother to look up the exact details), by which I meant "multiple decades", not literally 4 years to the day. And then... I have no idea how we got here and I don't really care either.
You can add: The website says: "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB.". But even if that were possible (I don't think they're stupid enough to only change one constant, maybe they are) there is already plenty of talk of piling up all kinds of other stuff. For example removing RBF: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/40lo56/bitcoin_classic_we_are_hard_forking_bitcoin_to_a/cywfk6g
This +1
Yeah right, you pull a number 1996 out of your ass, without so much as a reference or even a name to what that year relates. That's proving me wrong? The link I provided just proved you wrong by 6 years and it contains a reference to a paper from 1983. &gt; Anything else I can do for you today? Go waste someone else's time with trivially wrong and off point nonsense.
Well said man. I feel very similar.
Yeah I missed that link. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cypherpunk &gt; The technical roots of Cypherpunk ideas have been traced back to work by cryptographer David Chaum on topics such as anonymous digital cash and pseudonymous reputation systems, described in his paper Security without Identification: Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete (1985).[1]
Oh i have an idea. Let's post even more spam and nonsense so we can waste more time of more readers or even better it gets removed and then we get to cry "censored". Win-win.
100.000 and i would donate them to Blockstream and other core devs. No strings attached, except maybe some would have a locktime. Expect a price rise soon!
A 2 MB hardfork wouldn't be rolled out significantly quicker than SW anyway. And with a hard fork reaching a support majority before activating is critical. SW needs a lot less and allows people to slowly update when they're ready.
&gt; cambrian explosion of lying shills Love that description. Very fitting and recognisable
Very good podcast. No bs, good questions.
You're parroting the ignorant claim that bitcoin is some sort of magic democracy machine. If you had actually any clue you'd know this is all bs.
&gt; No, we will not put our trust in you or any "range of individuals" You already are, dummy. They are the range of people that built this thing for the last few years. You are running their software. But don't worry, luckily for you they're also the range of people that actually do know what they're talking about and actually do have the right intentions. All you need to do for things to work out is sit back and shut up. Anything you do our day is counter productive as it only wastes time.
This censorship whining is getting old. You guys need to come up with the next meme.
&gt; The network will the decide if that fork is worth following or not. That's not how "the network" works and certainly not where the network gets its value from, in fact it's value will be pissed away if the network turns into a Miss America contest. &gt; Your "benevolent dictator" approach is the exact contrary of Bitcoin's Spirit Your putting words into his mouth. That's not what he said at all. But funnily you should investigate what Mike Hearn and Gavin want on that front.
Then you completely misunderstood and have been ignorant for all that time. You better sell.
All wrong. Rules have been established to define what consensus about transaction ordering means and those rules are very specific for the currency application that bitcoin is. Consensus about those rules is a whole different level of consensus. That's like a 3d printer that can print itself, which 3d printers one day might (not yet) but bitcoin never will. If you want to get consensus to get your grandma for president then OBVIOUSLY that falls outside the scope of bitcoin, no matter how much out of context you quote satoshi. Same goes for getting consensus about changing the rules of Bitcoin itself. You are confusing different contexts for the same word "consensus" which have absolutely nothing to do with each other.
And THAT's the reason why miner centralization is bad. And thus are Core people trying to stop it from getting worse, by doing hard complex work to actually improve Bitcoin efficiency instead of simply changing a constant that WILL make it centralization exponentially worse.
&gt; I guess you never heard of this magical thing called a trustless p2p network, have you? Actually, no I haven't. Is that like Bittorrent with guarantee from God that the software is not backdoored? You're the one using the censorship card for your protection here. Anyway, don't feed the trolls and all that... shoo...
I will, once stupidity truly takes over. One of the appeals of Bitcoin is the amount of scientific brainpower backing it. Once the combined IQ of the people doing the actual work starts to plummet it's time to sell. I have high hopes though that the trolls only occupy a small minority that tries to make up for their numbers by being extremely loud and hostile.
Yeah but dummies like you can't build and maintain something as complex like Bitcoin, so it's never going to fly or survive. The only thing you could accomplish is to ruin it for everyone, like stupid people have done throughout history. "The earth is flat, and if you bring up scientific evidence otherwise we'll burn you!" Also, there is nothing ivory about those towers. Anyone with a clue is allowed in, you don't need to be of royal descent. If you're jealous that some people are smarter than you and have to call that elitist... well, your loss.
I've always wondered what the best/fairest way would be. Starting anew might be very difficult. Bitcoin probably had the one and only chance at a reasonably fair distribution. Resuming from a snapshot of Bitcoin solves that, but has many downsides too. A one or two-way peg (optionally for a limited time only) to the new coin sounds like a nice middle ground. Please keep us informed if such a thing ever happens.
&gt; Thanks for contributing to an open source project. I can't take any credit. I try to answer questions (only the ones that I feel qualified to answer) and I help out at some meetups, but that's it. I'm simply in awe of the rocket scientists that took us to the moon. I have an above average understanding of the intricacies involved, which allows me to see the beauty even better. I'm however nowhere near the level of those rocket scientists themselves. I am completely and utterly pissed off at the unfair treatment these people are getting for not delivering the impossible, pronto. Especially since it's coming from people that can't do anything themselves and can't manage to put two sentences down that are not riddled with inaccuracies or complete lies. I'm sorry if I can't stand dumb people. I'm dumb myself in 99% of other fields of life, but I don't claim otherwise and in those contexts I try to shut up. Not all of this frustration is directed at just you, btw.
The oracle is actually harder than you'd think. Although with some trust a centralized system could work quite well. Having a few oracles and majority rules sort of setup. Sybil attacks and exit-scams always remain a problem though. The other option might be http://bitcoinhivemind.com/ which can do more than just binary options and forms a decentralized oracle of sorts.
Too high??? For a fking hard fork??? 25% is not contentious enough??? The lunacy increases. Are you afraid your hostile takeover is not going to make it? You do realise that 40% of the hashing power means more than 51% of your 60%, right? WTF does the US constitution or anything like that have to do with any of this?
This whole choice thing is bull shit. Someone needs to explain to you that bitcoin is about reaching consensus on ___transaction ordering___. Period. That's it. Nothing else. Order of transactions. One before the other and double spends get dropped. It has jack shit to do with voting or democracy! Bitcoin doesn't do miss america elections! The bitcoin rules describe how to get consensus on transaction ordering. They don't describe presidential elections or US constitutions. And the bitcoin consensus rules fucking certainly don't describe how to get consensus on the bitcoin consensus rules themselves. (See how i put the weird consensus in two completely different contexts in the same sentence? Think about it!) A fork is a fork. A split. Out of consensus. Division of chains. Splintering. Two separate ways. NEVER to merge again. Never to come back to consensus. Im-fucking-possible. So there are now two Bitcoins. Doubling the number of coins in existence, tanking the value for all and confusing the hell out of everyone. Lots of people getting scammed out of at least half their coins. Complain about RBF regarding 0conf? How about this shit for not knowing where your coins are going to end up even after 50 confirmations on one chain? Hashing network power gets split 60 - 40 so security for both chains is completely to shit as both have an instant 51% attack sword over their heads. So there are now 2 Bitcoins and all this voting bs you talk about is people voluntarily destroying one of them and orderly switching to the other? That's the plan right? And then you are going to do all this shit for every little change ever? Blocks are full of spam again, vote for another doubling! SW yes or no? Make your vote now! CT? cast your vote here! 10 minute block time outdated? Click here to agree. Jtoomim not benevolent enough? Vote here for Roy Rednecks special sauce! 21 million? No the US needs 1 million extra to pay off its debts: be patriotic and vote here! So there are 20 votes happening simultaneously. 20x more coins, 1/20th hashing power. All chains attacking each other, whoever said voting must be a clean process? Why wouldn't all altcoins be reimplemented again as vote? Silver to gold, sure. Zero, very anonymous. Vote for a picture of a dog on the coins today! And after this precedent the rest of the world looking at bitcoin from the outside are going to have to trust that this bitcoin clusterfuck is as solid as gold and therefore valuable? Are you seriously fucking stupid? Humanity is just too stupid for this stuff. It doesn't deserve bitcoin. Sorry Satoshi, the earth is still flat. Please come back after the dark ages.
Dogecoin all over...
+1 Unlimited and classic to follow soon. Bye Gavin and jtoomim
I don't mind letting the line slip a bit and then I'll buy later. It's good for everybody if weak hands just leave.
Thanks. Together with getting it off my chest, makes it worth it. Anyway, completely done with these jokers. I hear there's bitcoins available at a discount, time to get me some!
You think a solid roadmap backed by 98% of all experts and developers is causing a collapse? Not by any chance the threat of a hard fork by one single nobody to activate end of March with a mere 60% trigger? Or the timed and paid propaganda by hero of the other troll fork, XT Mike Hearn? If Bitcoin can be split by a 60% mob rule, no matter good or bad, then what's the point of Bitcoin at all? Of course the price would plummet, no matter what happens.
He has. Thank you very much for that Gavin. Good bye to you.
This! Huge amounts of work are being done and a doubling is already on the roadmap for a month now, in a fundamentally safer and better way: SW! SW is going in around April, so Classic is trying to undercut that by going to TRIGGER in March [1]. A totally untested and unprepared and enormously contentious HARD fork in two months!!! EVERYONE in the whole world needs to update within 2 months? Bitcoin will be dead and ClassicCoin will be the new one, within two months?! Oh and just to make sure it's not contentious enough, they're talking about making the threshold 60%, not 75% like crazy-XT and certainly not like around 95% like normal people think about when talking about hard forks. [1] https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/410kxj/now_is_the_time_to_fork_bitcoin_because_core/cyz1j4t [2] https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin_Classic/comments/40wnre/on_activation_thresholds/cyz0y3f?context=3
Reading comprehension much? The post you are answering to says there IS action going on. A huge amount of it. In short: you're just spreading FUD and lies.
Only to the clueless side of the community.
&gt; They are not mutually exclusive. They are when 2 different (software) forks introduce them right at the same time and make a big fight out of it.
It's in the fucking FAQ right beside the roadmap: "we do expect to make hard forks in the future". Stop spreading lies and FUD.
&gt; reduced malleability Not "reduced". _Complete_ elimination of all malleability that matters. But sure, downplay that as if one of Satoshis biggest mistakes is trivial and unimportant.
You listen to FUD too much. Time is not running out. SW is not complex, it's actually much safer than a hard fork. It's been running and tested for more than half a year now. SW actually opens up avenues for _scalability_ improvements, unlike just changing a constant and sticking your head in the sand.
False, wasn't a hard fork. https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/2s2utx/the_hard_fork_missile_crisis/cnlqcd1 http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/36090/has-a-hard-fork-ever-occurred
Lies. SW is a 2MB soft fork and further hard forks are already mentioned in the FAQ to the roadmap. And has actually been talked about (in a non troll setting) for much longer.
&gt; Bitcoin classic is only a one time increase as well. Actually Bitcoin Classic is a complete hostile takeover, they're already planning many other contentious nonsense. Opt-in RBF is probably the first to die. And they'll just put in a lot of checkboxes into the GUI so that everyone can configure their own flavour of Classicoin, none of which will of course be compatible with each other (but they don't understand that yet). But just in case that would scare you or Sam Cole. For now they have a real hard promise on their website that says it's only a one patch thing. And nothing else. Troll's honor.
&gt; Segwit only works once. 4th time (yeah, I counted) you are saying the dumbest thing in SW context. Your job must be to parrot lies and FUD. I hope it pays well. SW opens up a whole spectrum of future improvements. Some of which us mere mortals (and maybe even the wizards) have not even thought of. It's like you are only interested in doubling the length of your spear, but the wizards have just invented gun powder.
They backpedaled on 8. But there are fine with 2.
&gt; create the illusion of consensus. Very good description. It's all smokes and mirrors based on pseudo science and wishful thinking. Too bad people are so gullible to whoever promises them more.
Glad you're still around, Greg. Take your time, but we're missing your highly informational and educational posts and videos. And for all the trolls, it appears there's still hope for you: http://feed.thisamericanlife.org/~r/talpodcast/~5/AP3kjgj-V5Y/545.mp3
Not Core, I can tell you that. If this Classic shit comes off the ground, Bitcoin is dead and Core people will switch their time on better things. But people around here keep thinking one single failed altcoin dev can do what 60 experienced devs, some of which have 30+ years experience with open source, digital currencies and decentralization. Laughable and sad.
&gt; Jonathan Toomim Failed altcoin dev nobody. Has displayed complete misunderstanding of decentralization and consensus multiple times already. &gt; Gavin Andresen Good dev and engineer, but also lacks fundamental knowledge. Was the one that plunged us all into this mess by splitting the community and then hiding behind trolls. &gt; Ahmed Bodiwala Unknown to everyone. &gt; Jeff Garzik Great engineer, but Bitcoin is a whole different level than Linux. &gt; Peter Rizun Just mentioning his name in a list of developers is just a complete insult to all developers. Butthurt failed acadamic that came up with some nonsense that was quickly debunked but now keeps repeating it until all dumb people believe it.
No changes yet. But announcing a hugely contentious HARD fork with untested code, that will completely ruin consensus, to TRIGGER in March with only a 60% threshold, instead of something like 95% or more that Core or Satoshi would have used. Nothing short of a hostile coup.
A hard fork is supposed to have consensus of 95% of the economic parties (NOT just some miners) at the very VERY least. What are exactly your plans to splinter the community?
&gt; Segwit implemented via a hard fork is much better, cleaner, and safer than adding it via a soft fork. You know that better than the people that work with this code base daily and actually already implemented the whole thing, including rigorous test cases? Don't you feel like you are shouting at football match on TV from your armchair? &gt; Core has chosen to avoid hard forks at all cost because it may set a precedent which threatens their central control over development. There are VERY good reasons to avoid hard forks. One of which is that Bitcoin is supposed to be as stable and trustworthy as gold. How is anyone ever going to believe it will be stable for hundreds of years if it gets changed around every year at the whim of what some majority of fools wants? And two because hard fork by definition split the community and split Bitcoin, unless they are 100% uncontentious backed by everyone (not just miners). And that's exactly what's about to happen is Classic gets it's way and it will be a mess that destroys Bitcoin for years if not completely. In short: let the people that know what they are doing do their thing. Just keep an eye on them and verify as much as you can. So far, they have done absolutely nothing that shows they're not completely aligned with the success of Bitcoin.
Your post clearly shows that you have been fed lies. Please be VERY careful in taking things for truth. The lying and FUD is really rampant. Imagine it's the US presidential elections, but only one side has hired those election advisers that make up dirt (like misquoting, exaggerating, out of context, etc.) to smear the other side, and they just keep repeating lie after lie, knowing that when people hear it often enough it will stick in their minds.
There is no such thing as compromise if the facts are clearly showing they are correct. This is science, not some popularity contest! Wishing for something doesn't make it possible. The shitty thing is crooks come along claiming they can provide for those impossible wishes and people will start following them.
It's actually an excellent argument, because that's exactly what a hard fork means. It sets a precedent that Bitcoin rules can change at the whim of some majority. &gt; Larger blocks are technically necessary Not technically. And if the experts say that it's currently impossible then there's no amount of wishful thinking that is going to help. Let the experts improve the rest of the system in preparation for an increase WHEN it's possible. In the meantime we get SW which is a big increase already anyway.
Telling the truth is not "classic"'s method of operation. It's easier to convince the illiterate with lies and promises.
Not true... SW is merely on their TODO list along with a lot of other things. Problem is they don't have a dev that is capable of even implementing it, so they have to completely depend on stealing it from Core. As long as Core is still being updated that is. Unless "one-feature patch" on their website is a lie, which is actually highly likely as they are already talking about dropping opt-in RBF. Well, I guess you're right. There's no way to know what they'll do. Just sign their blank check and have faith, why don't you.
Only the ignorant part that has no clue what it's about. I guess we'll see how large that ignorant part is when classic launches.
And the FAQ that goes along with it talks about a hard fork in due time, when it's non contentious. As any hard fork ever, should be. Besides it doesn't matter as they can also increase the size with a soft fork when necessary.
Sure, kick them in the nuts for no reason and then expect them to keep working for you for free? Because that's how open source works? No mister, you better make sure you find some more than mediocre developers to do your work for you. The ones you have now do not have a single clue.
Disgusting! They are not your employees, you are not hiring them, you are not even paying them a dime! They are volunteers that have dedicated their lives to this cause, even before Bitcoin existed. They work hard, deliver awesome code, kept Bitcoin afloat and made Bitcoin 100x better than it was when Satoshi left. But what gratitude do they get? "I want feature X, you're taking too long and I don't understand your reasons because I'm stupid. This other guy I've never heard of before is promising me that feature tomorrow, so you're fired I'm going with him."
Yeah that's what they say about all the altcoins. Funny how none of them do that. Maybe because even copying complex code is too difficult for mediocre devs. Also: the reverse is true too: Bitcoin can copy from good things altcoins do. Want to know why that has never happened? Because those mediocre devs can't come up with anything innovative and worthwhile. Want to give some data on how the devs behind classic are more than mediocre?
They're also going to filter out opt-in RBF.
Can't handle facts and truth and logic? Your little brain hurts when you have to think for yourself? Poor you.
Correction: He's been working on destroying Bitcoin from within for years. Remember passports? All this pushing towards centralization? Adding easily DOSable feature to Bitcoin, just because he needed them for his pet side project? The constant whining about soft forks more dangerous than hard forks? (Which people are still parrotting today.)
Nothing insulting about the truth. Are you going to be flying in an airplane built by the general populace?
It is. it IS exactly "anti-intellectual, sound bite driven". It's the perfect description. The fact that you don't see it that way merely proves the point. You're falling for the sound bites. Also: 6 months is nothing. You shouldn't even have the right to post anything on the Bitcoin topic other than polite questions. Bitcoin is complex shit.
The fact that you promise unlimited first, with a huge amount of divisive rhetoric and insulting. Then at some point you get it into your thick skull that maybe unlimited isn't gonna work, but instead of acknowledging you were wrong you go for 20MB and then 8 MB and now 2MB, because _finally_ you're seeing what experts have been saying all along (Are you really seeing it? Er is it your latest populist dream pusher du jour that you happen to listen to today). In the meantime the smart people have moved on and are en route for 1.75MB in a safer and fundamentally better way. But instead of admitting that you were wrong (and still are) and seeing that the difference isn't really worth arguing about anymore anyway, what do you do? You want to destroy what's left and insult every hard working person in this project some more. Clap clap clap... feel like a big boy now? It took you 6 months to
&gt; So he took Gnutella and expanded it. I'm sure he has a lot more to show for than you. I can tell from just that one sentence. Don't be sore about it.
It's probably fair to say that it has done that to everyone who is currently into Bitcoin, at least once. Not aversion per se, but at least the thought "that can't possibly work". I wouldn't trust anyone that claims otherwise.
Yeah like Hearn when he changed his mind 1 or 2 years ago. "Let's use XT to do a hostile takeover."
Welcome back to sanity. Any tips on how to persuade others?
Mike Hearn has actually been quite irrelevant and hasn't been active for Bitcoin for quite some time now. Regarding the rest of your post: Scientific experts lay a foundation of facts and truth, built by logic. Of all people, you as a politician, know how important it is to listen to the advice of experts in the field. There are none better or more qualified than the current Core team. The social problem you talk about is that people refuse to accept the facts and are turning to quacks that promise them what they want to hear. In that regard the problem is not technical indeed. In fact the technical solution has already been put into motion long ago. The facts say that any hard fork is very ill advised right now. Splintering a project is always dangerous, but even more so if the project is "money". Money is nothing but "trust: trust that all is well today and trust that it will be tomorrow". War (a hard fork) is definitely not good for "money". So, you think there is a social problem and the geeks only look at the facts, which clearly don't convince everyone. Could you please try to see if you can be a solution to this social problem? You probably won't be able to convince them that the experts are right, maybe better not even try. But tell them not to go to war, for a victory cannot be had. Not even by winning. Core is working hard on readying Bitcoin for true democracy. A situation where literally everyone can create any feature they wish and then convince others to join her. Without having to wait for consensus (so innovation can be very quick) and without having to start a war. Because those features can coexist peacefully beside each other. Good features will grow in popularity, bad feature will simply not get used much and eventually die off. People get to vote by simply using the features they like. Improvements and features (most already in the works even before the block size debate started) that will enable democracy: - Side chains to allow experimentation and rapic innovation without risking Bitcoin. - Version bits will allow multiple soft forks to happen at the same time. Features don't need to wait months before being rolled out, or get delayed because the previous feature is progressing too slow. - Refactoring the code, not only to make it cleaner and easier to understand, but also to separate the really difficult consensus part into the libconsensus library. This will allow for completely new Bitcoin implementations that are still compatible with Bitcoin. - Core has come up with methods of doing almost any conceivable new feature as a soft fork. So there will be no limits to what eager developers and inventors could come up with. - Better documentation every day, to make it easier for new developers to come in. - many more I am convinced we can have the first parts of true and peaceful democracy within Bitcoin within a year or so. The immediate block size problem will already have been fixed by Core within a few months, so there's plenty of time for a democracy to spawn.
That example shows EXACTLY why you should listen to experts that apply the scientific method instead of handwaving guesses. Note that your example is from a time when the scientific method did not exists in the medical world.
&gt; who could have been considered experts Nice way to turn an argument upside down! Classic devs are quacks "who could have been considered experts". Meanwhile Core experts have facts and data on their side and make convincing logically sound arguments (i.e. science), for those open minded enough to listen.
Almost all core people have been explaining every little detail of everything countless times. Here and in forums and on the dev mailing list, on IRC in Youtube video of conference and meetups. If you want knowledge all you need to do is look around a little bit and read/listen. The only excuse you could have for missing it (besides not trying) is that it's getting burried in downvotes and lies and FUD by trolls. If you want easy-to-digest no-need-for-a-brain type promises, then yes there are also people that will promise you anything you like. Snake oil salesmen keep finding new markets.
And it was never even put into a BIP because it turned out to be, yes wait for it... impossible to do safely in the current Bitcoin. "Impossible" is not disproved by changing one constant and saying "see, it's possible!" There a bit more to software development than that and Bitcoin happens to be complex.
Flawed logic. Not only is this minority as you call it, the only group of people in the world skilled and experienced enough to work on this stuff at the moment, so there is no choice. All their work and discussion is in the open though, so this is easily mitigated by simply verifying. Also they have been and are working hard on embedding democracy into Bitcoin itself. Soon it will be possible for anyone to roll their own preferred feature into a sidechain or soft fork and do just it. Completely permissionless! End users will get to decide which soft fork survives and which doesn't.
You do their bidding, so you know.
I can guarantee you there is no shit throwing in the technical arguments and logic coming from Core. They may have their personal shit throwing between each other and Mike and Gavin and others every now and then. But the technical stuff is very solid.
Incorrect. &gt; The majority hashing power sets the rules per Bitcoin. That's not true at all. It's about the economic majority. Full nodes and exchanges and merchants have a say in it too. And even then: it's still very bad if that majority is anything significantly lower than 100%. Bitcoin is supposed to be as stable and trustworthy as gold. A change in the rules is a very bad precedent.
Economics is the LAST thing that has anything to do with this. No economic argument is going to change the fact that something is physically impossible. Just as much as no economic argument is going to make pigs fly. Economic arguments merely spur the wishful thinking. No they didn't know 1MB was perfect, it wasn't perfect in fact it was waay too large still. But luckily blocks weren't full yet and they had time to do a shitload of hard work to improve Bitcoin technologically and they now believe that together with some future enhancements (some of which SW enables) they can now safely go to 1.75MB.
The danger that some populist persuades "the market" to commit suicide without realizing until its too late. Yeah that's the single biggest danger I saw when I stepped into Bitcoin. The tech looked awesome, the people behind the tech looked awesome. But what happens when some quacks come around and promise people more and people follow... mobs can be so unbelievably gullible.
Capicity planning means thinking about smart ways to increase capacity safely. It doesn't mean just blindly turn a dial. And precisely because there is $7B at stake, we have to do it in a scientific way, thinking, modeling, experimenting, keeping values on the safe side, testing, proving and only then roll it out.
He fucked up flight XT already...
No you let the only group of people in the world capable of doing this stuff do their stuff and you verify that nothing goes wrong. They are working as hard and fast as they or anyone can and they are going in the right direction: more robust Bitcoin and bigger scale. If something is impossible there is no point in demanding it anyway. There is not much you can do to speed it up, except stop trolling.
&gt; Bitcoin is supposed to be an irreversible payment system. And the Blockchain + Proof of Work was invented to make it so. If you don't use the blockchain, which you don't if you do 0conf, then the above statement doesn't hold. Also: RBF breaks nothing that wasn't already broken, saying otherwise is FUD. And this implementation of RBF is opt-in, so people have a choice. And RBF actually solves a problem that people have a lot: stuck transactions. Stuck transactions do not make for a good first impression for people new to Bitcoin.
I was responding to the analogy you made, which funnily enough made the perfect case against your argument. So no, I wasn't responding to the excellent expert opinion that was in the article.
I guarantee you it will not be yawner no-op. It will be the end of Bitcoin. Noone is ever going to trust a "digital gold" that just changes the rules whenever half of the sheep start following some populist du jour.
Lucky guy in that seat 47H then.
Of course it has to do with stuck transactions. They've been happening for 3+ years now and no matter what happens, they will become more frequent. No, there are actually not a whole lot of ways to solve that problem. As with everything in Bitcoin, most simple answer you can come up with don't work for some intricate reason. RBF and CPFP can work, if miners accept them. &gt; taking days Nice hyperbole... I don't think the 0.25MB difference between the roadmap and hostile takeover is going to make that much difference. I don't have an agenda, I want Bitcoin to succeed long term. The only people in the world that can handle that right now are the Core people. And no, I don't have anything to do with Core.
Core is not a centralized power structure. You are free to hire your own experts and have them introduce BIPS. No they will not take suggestions from idiots, you do need experts. If you don't require influence you can simply verify what they're doing through the normal open source means. To make that process easier and smoother, they are also working hard on making the development process itself democratic, whereby anyone can introduce new features and the market can decide which ones they like simply by using those and not using the ones they don't like. Without having to do community splitting, market trashing, mob rule hard forks for every little step.
There's an active dev mailing list for lightning.
I just explained it. Just changing some constants is not enough. Litecoin is not only a joke in itself, it also proves nothing as the value is practically zero (no incentive to attack) and the transaction numbers are non-existant too.
Anything with not a near 100% consensus among all economic parties (miners, exchanges, merchants, full nodes)
You are about to destroy Bitcoin by claiming to be able to single handedly run the whole forked community with the experience of contributing exactly NOTHING to the Bitcoin project. You have never shown to understand consensus code at all, quite the opposite actually. You are deliberately undercutting Core's timelines just to get your own shit through. Using a highly contentious hard fork no less. In one and a half months with currently not a line of code written. And for what? For a 0.25MB extra size? Even if the risk is small. You cannot deny that a hard fork is a risk. And you risk ruining everything for 0.25MB of block size. Sickening!
&gt; Doubling coins will not double the market cap. No of course not. But those that get doubled stand to gain over those that don't. How about not increasing the 21M yet, but simply taking away all the coins from Satoshi and other early miners that never moved them? Re-issue those coins. Slippery slope eh? &gt; The fallout from a simple 2MB block size increase will be literally nothing. It will mean the only experienced developers in the entire world will leave. How about that for fall out? You think the pace of change of the last few years can be maintained by one failed altcoin dev with literally ZERO experience and burnt out Gavin?
Adam didn't put that into a BIP for a reason.
They're talking about triggering on March 1 with 60% or less majority. Less than one and a half months with not a single line of code written yet. And the community is going to trust one single developer with ZERO experience in contributing anything to Bitcoin and a burnt out Gavin, to do this job + the job of the many contributors that will be leaving for different projects after that shit hits the fan? Someone needs a big dose of reality.
&gt; Re-issuing Satoshi's coins would also never be voted by a majority, because it would imply that anyone's dormant balances can be stolen in the future. How come you have such trust in ignorant sheep but not in experts that have proven track records that they know what they are talking about? &gt; First, the pace of change over the last year has been nothing Now you are just being an asshole. Do you seriously think the block size is the only thing that has happened in the past years? Are you really that blind? The fact that Bitcoin can barely run with 1MB right now is completely 100% thanks to the improvements Core has made! &gt; months ago Oh geez.. months eh? Yeah we can't ignore wishful thinking for months now can we. Step aside mathematics! Wishful thinking idiots want the impossible so we can't let them wait. What is that? Experts came up with an actual solution? No too late... we're going to destroy Bitcoin with a hard fork now because we had to wait for our pony for more than a month. And we're kicking out the only developers in the world that can do this work. Doesn't matter, we'll make up some FUD to justify it. &gt; The other developers won't leave either. I'd bet many have large stashes of coins and a vested interest in the whole system. If any of them actually throw a hissy-fit and stomp away after their version has been forked away from, I don't know if they're in this for the right reason. Why would they keep working for free for assholes that don't listen to reason anyway. Certainly not for a few coins they have stashed... the can just dump those. Anyway, there's only wishful thinking in your posts, not a single line of logical reason. So there's no point in going on.
My impression changes minute to minute... I'm getting a lot more appreciation for the central bankers that refuse to listen to politicians and firmly keep their own course. I still hope Bitcoin can one day replace them, but it's obvious it's important to have stability in a currency. Not so much price stability but stability and predictability in the underlying rules.
Classic devs are not even qualified to do any dev work on bitcoin so you can be sure they won't have control. It will turn into a bug ridden disaster. Even if there was one wizard among them (and there isn't) that's not enough to do proper peer review. And if you want examples of an economic majorities fucking themselves, history is littered with their corpses. Besides the bar is a lot higher: also the economic minority should not be fucked as that is a precedent where next time you are the minority so there is 0 reason to trust the whole thing. Sure way to oust anyone with a brain.
You better not believe the nonsense about coexistance. That will last extremely sorry and will be nothing short of a bloody war where everyone loses and outsiders will shy away from ever investing in for decades.
If you want conspiracy why not go for the simpler version: why both sides? Why would people like Adam Back and Gregory Maxwell with multiple decades of proven track record in open source and freedom, let themselves be bought? Well anyway. History in open source has shown us many a project that falls victim to infighting and demands for the impossible by users that have no idea what they are taking about. snake oil salesmen pop up to promise what people want, and they can't deliver so everything goes to shit. Normal open source can sometimes be saved by forking. Unfortunately that doesn't work here as you can't fork a money supply.
He was attempting the takeover and he was clearly hostile.
That is an excellent point. When you see this much turmoil and you don't know who to trust you simply have to err on the safe side and let things go slow. Both camps are now talking about the same increase in block size in the same timespan so there is no reason anymore to do any dangerous hard forks and ditching the whole dev team.
You are absolutely right and thank you for reminding him and me. My excuses: 1) I'm not skilled enough in discussion. Learning and practising though. 2) I see others (up to even Adam and Greg) do it and i admire them for it, but then the replies are still appalling that it looks like just a waste of time (i know it's not, because other people read it to, not just the trolls replying). 3) the sheer stupidity of some of these post is so incredible. People with literally no idea (and yes that's often really easy to spot) that claim the biggest claims with the biggest possible confidence. So insulting to anyone with the level of understanding that i have but more importantly exponentially more insulting to people smarter than me and that do the actual work on this thing (for fking free!). 4) nr 1 is the reason i only recently started posting. And i might stop again soon. When i started posting, this reddit was almost void of any responses to the lies and FUD being spread. I'm happy to see there are now a few more (mostly smarter and/or better) posters. And I'm seeing that finally the better posts are getting less downvotes and/or more upvotes.
Don't worry about me. I'll have sold them far far earlier for a lot more. There are plenty of gullible fold by the looks of it. And it would be free money if not for the fact that it's going to ruin bitcoin for everyone. Both sides are going to tank and the only question remaining is if the core version will be able to recover at all and how many years that will take. Classic is clearly a dead end no matter what with a 3 jokers dev team. Where the one running the show has ZERO experience.
I'm speaking for myself although i believe to have read this being said (better) by different Core devs. I haven't been corrected by anyone yet so far. And it does make a shitload of sense if you think about it. "Money" is "trust". Trust that tomorrow you'll be able to spend what you receive today. A hard fork changes the rules of the game mid-game. That's already a rumbling warning if that's even possible. But then if a contentious hard fork happens there is going to be a minority that gets fucked over. 40%, 25%, 10%, 1%... The number doesn't really matter because for everyone with a brain, even those in the majority this time, that should be a glaring warning that the next time THEY might be the minority. By that argument only 100% would work and seeing that Core has invented methods for doing almost anything (including block size limits) through soft forks, we might never even have to try. And note that soft forks are (especially after some upcoming improvements like versionbits) akin to a democratic system where devs of even different teams can independently introduce new features and users will be able to vote on them simply by choosing to use them or not. If we do have to do a hard fork, of course in practice absolute 100% is impossible. For one because it's actually impossible to measure. Another reason is that there are bound to be people that are lazy or simply forget to update. People still run Windows XP or even older. The only way to alleviate that is to make the update itself not be a fuck-over but a really transparent obviously-good and without doubt a well intended change that simply had no alternative way to be done. As you can see the slippery slope starts already. But you can also see that it doesn't matter that computer code doesn't have a definition for "near" as these things are impossible to express or even measure in computer code anyway.
Nothing to do with democracy. It's war. And next you will be in the 40% minority. Good luck trusting your life savings to that. In war both sides lose and it sets a precedent for more wars.
&gt; If your users want a flying pig, then you tell them exactly why a flying pig is impossible. That's exactly what Core people have been doing even before Gavin started his XT failure. They convinced me fairly early on. I too wanted a flying pig (everyone does) and i naively assumed it was possible. Reading a few clear posts outlining the problems convinced me that unfortunately flying pigs are not that easy. Which should be no surprise to anyone with two feet on the ground: bitcoin is brand new uncharted territory, a lot of learning and work still remains. Also if you read the roadmap that came out of that "committee" you will see that there lifting of the pig has already begun. Soon it will be 1.75m in the air. I guess a pig just isn't one of those bird chivks that can fly the very first time they jump out of the nest. Reality can be harsh sometimes.
Yeah it is funny. I guess the day he stopped cooperating with his copilots and thought he could do it on his own.
Yes, 2MB has now become feasible thanks to the hard preparatory work on optimisations by the Core devs. Have you seen the changelog for the release candidate today? Splitting the community and instigating a 60-40 war can obviously not be a good thing for anyone, therefore a hard fork is out of the question.
Huh? How does that do anything if not confirm my statement? He was irrelevant in Bitcoin, so he started his own software fork. He hasn't been active for bitcoin anymore since. Then Gavin wanted to start a chain fork so they hooked up with him and they rebuilt it into the attack platform to hard fork the blockchain. Luckily it failed because in the nick of time people started to realise that blocks too big is actually dangerous. After that poor choice on Gavin's part he doesn't admit anything, instead he puts his trust in some random nobody (jtoomim) without a single day of Bitcoin development experience (let alone any indication that he has the deep insight needed to reason about consensus and blockchains, quite the opposite actually).
I'm on phone right now so can't look it up. If your open minded is shouldn't be very hard to find though. One way you can intuitively get a feel for it is if you think about the huge improvements in efficiency that have been made the last few years. Yet when you start your full node is still takes quite some time to sync up. For me it seems it got faster about a year ago, but then it started to get slower again. This indicates quite nicely how we're balancing around a point where code improvements are on the same order as the blocks are growing in size. Grow faster and it will quickly overwhelm any cide imprudent can offset. Remember that many scaling factors are not linear and can grow out of hand very quickly. Of course a full node catching up is different from miners and others trying to follow the tip of the chain with the lowest latency possible, but there is overlap there.
&gt; why do you think Gavin or Mike or Jeff Garzik are still pushing for an increase? That's quite easy actually: because every single person in this space wishes larger blocks. The fact that there are people that go against their own wish and say: "sorry but not yet possible." That should have you thinking really hard: maybe they are not taking the easy route because they know something. Maybe they are being realistic. If you really want to talk puppets, then it's obviously clear that Gavin and Jeff are of a whole different calibre than for example Adam and Greg. Not only by the decades of difference in experience in this very space. The problem is that it requires quite a high level of understanding of the intricacies of Bitcoin to recognise that. Gavin and Jeff don't themselves, let alone the poor sheep falling for the classic snake oil salesmen. I (and everybody) understand the economic argument: more users, higher price, more investments, etc. I started out with that being my only thought as well. But economics doesn't make mathematically impossible things possible. Economics can only come into play once the mathematical foundation is solid. Once that foundation allows for it, then obviously everyone will after the bigger the better. It's not like the economic argument is stupid or flawed. It's that it's not yet relevant because it's being precluded by deeper more fundamental problems. Not unsolvable problems luckily. Which is why were getting 1.75MB soon.
No and that's exactly what i mean. Things seem simple but they're not. To begin with there is no such thing as time in a decentralised system, that's why the blockchain is necessary in the first place. You don't know how old a transaction is. What if it gets reintroduced after you threw it out? Yeah i know you'll be able to come up with answers and what-ifs to those questions, I'm not going to do a full analysis here even if i could. Core devs have done those. You can be certain that anything simple has been thought and considered a hundred times by the devs. It's a bit like thinking of ways to do email spam filtering. Seems simple from a distance but once you start polling at a few naive simple ideas it turns out to get more and more complicated.
Months really isn't enough to get the deep understanding of bitcoin to be able to reason about these things. I'm not sure if you meant that by months, but there you go. Further, have you checked the presentations done at the scalingbitcoin conferences? I'm on phone right now so i don't have any direct links handy.
When you think about it it makes perfect sense for such an illusion to form. Here is a group of smart experts with decades of experience and formal scientific training. They do their best to seriously look at any ideas that come up (i regularly see them discuss things on IRC in the wizards channel). But it should be blindingly obvious that 99.9% of the ideas that come their way are the same or variations of the same. Add to the fact that bitcoin has sides that seem really easy to understand on the surface but are immensely complex only one later deeper, and you can easily imagine them being drowned in ideas. At some point their answers are going to get shorter or become absent. That will give the impression of disrespect and elitism and whatever else you want to read in it. But it's just a natural progression that needs no conspiracy theories. You can also flip your viewpoint around and say: the devs are offering their limited time and expertise to the public free of charge to do peer review of their ideas. Because of overwhelming response they've had to increase the quality requirements, just like any scientific paper would or in fact anyone with a full mailbox. If you haven't taken at least a little bit of time to understand the basics of bitcoin and at do a minimal effort to see if your ideas has already come up before. That doesn't show much respect for valuable reviewer's time time.
That's why I'm saying it's not the same thing and it will give you a fell for it. Of course it's only annoying if i have to wait an hour to get in sync. But PART of that wait is also incurred by the miners that depend on moving to the next block ASAP. You're now handwaving away problems that you agree might exist by saying they'll be easily fixed by software optimisation. Well luckily most of the ideas on how to do that have already been invented and worked out by the core people already, but it still takes a lot of hard work to get that implemented. Why don't classic people work on that instead of first making the problems exponentially bigger before promising to think about solutions?
Oh wow 2 days ago a few constants were changed. Yeah that completely undermines my argument. Yeah i realise classic is proposing a simple patch that will break consensus leading to two chains growing apart NEVER to come back together. Thus a hostile contentious split in community as well as money. That's outright war that will destroy a lot of value for everyone immediately and will undermine any potential future trust outsiders might have in bitcoin for decades to come. What idiot would invest money in a system that is ruled by mob law and can change direction completely on the whim of some populist du jour? It's not like the promise of government independence means jack shit in a situation where any government can push in a new populist and change whatever they like. Please think shit through before parroting FUD and following some dunbasses just because they promise you golden unicorns.
That's not really how mathematics works and u was using mathematics in the broad same to include game theory and computer science. In a real life system there you have to look at tend and correlations and look for evidence of causations and theoretical modeling. That there is. Core is also going to increase to 1.75 MB, so there's absolutely nothing magic about 1MB.
It is THE problem. It's not seconds. It can easily go to minutes. And in this sort of game average didn't mean anything, worst case (adversarial case!) is what counts. Big miners can easily kill off small miners by giving them 10% or more orphan rate. That's what centralisation means. The only thing that saved it up until recently was Matt's (core dev) relay network, which is a centralized system that was supposed to be temporary until real fixes were done. Unfortunately it caused everyone to become blind to the problem and noone really worked on solutions much. Except core, but it's hard and a lot of work. So because of Matt's hard work in trying to keep Bitcoin afloat, the classic devs are now running around that there's no problem at all and promising people things that are not possible. Instead of joining a perfectly fine running team of expert devs they vilify them, go around telling shit about them and claiming they can do better. And people are falling for it despite them having 0 track record. Anyway. It doesn't really matter whether core is right or not, core has an increase to 1.75MB in the pipe line. So the increase comes either way. The only thing that matters is that a contentious hard fork is going to destroy bitcoin. 25% of the community is going to get fucked over. That is a very bad precedent and anyone with half a brain should know that next time they will be on the minority side. Bitcoin was supposed to be solid as digital gold, yet its rules get changed at the whim of some populist snake oil salesmen. Nice solid store of value that is. And for what? For 250 kilobytes! For 250 kilobytes the one and only group of people in the entire world with enough experience and skills will be kicked in the balls and sent off. What's left is a burnt out gavin, jeff and jtoomim with 0 contributions to bitcoin as main dev. All 3 of which have on multiple occasions been shown wrong in their understanding of consensus game theory. And even if they are capable they can't replace 30 experienced devs. Oh you want proof that there is a problem? Think about it: until very recently they were screaming unlimited is fine, there is no problem. 20 GB is fine, there is no problem. 20 MB. 8 MB. 2-4-8 MB. Now they realise that yes actually there is a problem but because core has already committed to 1.75MB (yes core was first!), let's just outdo and undercut them really quickly with an incompatible competing 2MB... Roll out an untested highly contentious hard fotk in 6 weeks. How is that for a disingenuous hostile takeover?
We're about to go into mob law soon, so if day it's VERY relevant.
Suicide by mob. Burn the libraries!
Core put out the roadmap with increase to 1.75MB a month before this classic crap began.
Economic wishful thinking doesn't make golden unicorns possible.
Very lame comparison and your core count is completely wrong. Only jeff and gavin have actually low numbers of recent contributions to bitcoin under their belt. You only have 2. And note that they and jtoomim, on numerous occasions have been shown to lack important understanding of consensus game theory, fundamental to bitcoin.
Good thing core had 1.75MB on thr roadmap long before classic was even made up.
They're NOT the same blockchain, whether they have same genocide block doesn't change shit. Different blockchains. Incompatible money. Alt coin. Rest is whiny bullshit. People work hard to create a platform, you have zero right to use that platform to destroy what those people are working on. And that's not censorship either, that's common sense. And you are a despicable person of you expect otherwise. Yes your altcoin crapforks will destroy bitcoin.
Of course not. What gives you the idea you have the right to use a platform that other people built to make popular so that you can advertise the bullshit altcoin whose mission it is to destroy the bitcoin that these people worked hard for. If you want your own alt coin go build your own platform too. This community are pussies for not cutting off that shit waay earlier and harder.
A contentious hard fork is a terrible idea by definition.
I've arranged for a meeting with my mob in your living room tomorrow afternoon. We're going to discuss the details on demolishing your house from within. Can you handle the tea and biscuits? Thanks.
Ok years :) I agree it's hard to find exact data. I have come across some every now and then but I'm not organised enough to keep good track. I should try using bookmarks again, probably haven't used them anymore since google. It's always going to be blurry data at best though. For example it's quite obvious that mining centralisation is quite bad at the moment. But how do you put that into a number? How do you measure improvement? And as soon as you do, what stops a large miner from pretending to be 2 smaller miners. Does your number now change? I have seen numbers that clearly show that orphan rate grows with block size (smaller blocks less often get orphaned, which is actually a statistic you can measure with some effort). When you put that in a graph 4MB or 8MB quickly goes to minutes in propagation time, which translates into multiple % orphan rates. The only other fact you then need to realise is that a 30% miner doesn't get orphaned 30% of the time while a 1% will only be so lucky 1% of the time. Over time the small miner either goes out of business or maybe merges with one of the bigger miners. Either way: more profits for large miners. So centralisation pressure. That doesn't stop with 1% miners. Eventually, with only 2 miners left, a 40% miner will have a lot harder time to stay in business than the 60% one. That last scenario might be a bit extreme in practice but even if only everything below 10% or 5% gets killed, that's already very bad. I'll try to find the link to that report.
I think it's a good thing you're letting bitcoin stand on its own feet now. No more centralized hand holding. Puts the pressure on implementing improvements into bitcoin itself.
Nothing false about it. I specificaly said "talking about", nothing is final yet, and certainly wasn't then. And that was the project lead who said that. I linked to it elsewhere. That fixed thing was already the promise on the website originally, but then they suddenly started including doublings in it again. So now it's back to fixed again? Flip flop much? So this thing is already set for March 1, but they don't even know what it's gonna be yet. Yeah I feel real confident that my money is in safe hands now. I'm sure the whole world will think "Wow this dev team is so solid, and look at their immense experience, wow! Let's invest in bitcoin!". NOT
Alternative coin .... not the main coin. Not directly inter-exchangeable. Like EUR and USD. Go dream up your own definitions elsewhere.
&gt; Indeed. But I really hope that you will not quit Bitcoin if the fork proposed by BC is adopted. Bitcoin will be dead if the fork happens. Noone can trust their investment in something that changes the rules mid-game on the whim of some mob du jour. Even if anything survives out of an outright war like that, growth will be over. I support all Core people leaving the day that it's clear that classic takes over. Till the last penny I have invested in Bitcoin. Experiment failed. Humanity loses. We'll try again after the dark ages are over.
That's a very dumb and dangerous thing to say. you are falling for their word games and empty promises. The only voting going on in the design of Bitcoin is voting for the next block! That comes down to voting for the order of transactions. That's it. One other design goal of Bitcoin is stable (ideally FIXED) rules of the game. Like the 21M. Stability is required for trust (not talking about price stability). Now Satoshi didn't leave us with a completely finished piece of software, so it makes sense that updates are necessary. Someone who has no idea about how the system works at a very deep level has NO business deciding anything. They can "trust, but verify" from the sideline, but it's bonkers to give them a say in anything. You don't give passengers a say in how to engineer an aircraft. They may express wishes like "smoother, faster, more comfortable" but that's it. They don't get to chose what type of glue is used or the shape of the wings. Fk off with that nonsense. True democracy will come with the upcoming versionbits and sidechains improvements (amongst others). Then it will be possible for any dev team to create their own features and deploy them. THEN users can "vote" for the features by simply using them (or not). That's the way we can get massive parallel development. Now you can say everyone is free to make a fork and try to get everyone behind him. Yes, that's true... fork away. But people need to realize that when that succeeds, everything is over. Bitcoin is worth nothing if it can be forked. The only good outcome is when classic crashes and burns extremely hard, the earlier the better. Then it would be a great warning for future quacks that claim single handedly do what a 60-man well oiled dev-team full of experts with decades of experience can do. That would show the world that yes, Bitcoin will survive infighting and yes the rules of the game are set in stone, your investment is safe with Bitcoin.
First if all there is currently no failure of consensus. Everyone who knows what they are taking about I'd in consensus. Also a blocksize increase was already on the road map even before classic was started. To 1.75MB initially with easy further updates to smoothly go to 2 and beyond. 2nd a hard fork is not like a normal fork in other open source projects. In normal software it only splits the community, which usually brings a lot of damage and often years of setback to ask parties. In bitcoin it also splits the money supply, together with the messy war that will follow and a minority that was fkd in the culo (next time you will be in that minority!). Outsiders for sure will judge the willy nilly flipflopping of the fundamental rules of bitcoin mid-game, as a sure tell sign that bitcoin is not to be trusted with any investment. Digital gold, with a different definition of gold every year... If even only 1% of my point turns true, then it's certainly not with risking everything for a mere 250kilobytes (and shrinking) extra increase. Completely irresponsible!
Site set up by trolls reflects troll wishes. Other news at 8. Hope the site gets sybil attacked soon, see who starts censoring then. Also i don't need my voice to be heard because I'm not an aircraft engineer nor blockchain wizard. I prefer people that know what they are doing to do that. I'm glad i get to express my long term wishes and then i humbly stfu like any ignorant fk should. Mob rule kills. It's stupid.
Maybe you should compare that to the amounts of changes they do EVERY SINGLE update.
Actually that's one of the things I love about his posts.
+1
They are. Humanity can not be this stupid.
That's what "release blocker" means.
Big thanks to Greg for the inspiration and another perfect analogy: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/41aocn/httpsbitcoinorgenbitcoincorecapacityincreases_why/cz1d3vx
Of course 2 chains won't last more than days or weeks. But for economic reasons and maybe because of 51% attscks. Not for technical reasons per se. &gt; a case where there can be two coins on the same chain for one of them to be called an 'alt'. That sentence doesn't make sense, but it doesn't look like a typo. So clearly you don't understand what happens at a chain fork. 2 coins that are not on the same chain cannot be on the same chain. The moment the fork happens all coins are duplicated. Each chain has all coins, but from then on they can not move from one chain to another anymore. The only thing that can happen is that you make a transaction for one chain and maybe that transaction is valid in the other chain two so both coins get moved in both chains, maybe. Both chains are altcoins of each other. The bloody all-destroying war that ensues will be over which one gets to be called bitcoin. P.S. you do know that there is no such thing as coins, right?
&gt; Nakamoto consensus is a method of reaching consensus ON the ordering of transactions by means of PoW, a blockchain and rules that define all of those. It is NOT a method to reach consensus ON the PoW nor the blockchain specs nor the rules that define them. Pretty straight forward. So that means that those PoW, blockchain specs and rules were hardcoded by satoshi and have been updated (not the PoW, yet) by him and later developers. The way these developers reach consensus on what to implemented and how is a human protocol, it's actually impossible to put that into code. And this is true with any other open source software project. After the devs produced something, the way the economic users come to a consensus on where they agree with the update is by running it or not. Again an entirely human protocol and something that is true for any piece of open source software. Still with me? It's pretty simple actually. Ok. &gt; A hard fork literally means that there is failure to find consensus on the rule set itself. No. No consensus simply means no consensus. Dead lock. A hard fork literally means that someone has decided to start up a client with different rules and then tries to convince as many sheep as possible to follow him. The reason for starting the hard fork actually didn't even need to be lack of consensus, as long as the actor can instigate as much sheep to follow him. You want to know how? Ask politicians how they get people to support then to defeat communists in the jungles of vietnam. Ask them how it's important to wage a war on drugs that kills more and costs more than the drugs ever would. The answer id FUD. A hard fork is literally a hostile takeover because you are not skilled enough to convince others to join you in consensus. Ok. Enough explaining. The rest of your post is also riddled with series, but I'll give you time to process the above first. Think about it. P.S. bitcoin is about getting rid of regulation and government involvement. Bringing in US elections with all the mudslinging and lies is not a smart thing to do. Also, looking at history, it's usually the popular good looking guys with the biggest promises (tax cuts!) and experience in spreading FUD and elbowing that get elected. Not the smart ones that know what they are taking about and that have experience to know that tax cuts are impossible right now and have the guts to tell you. That right there should have your alarm bells ringing that your rooting for the wrong side. Rooting for empty promises that they can't deliver. Mind you they are not only promising golden unicorns and don't worry about the dangers. They are also promising to replace a 60+ people dev team with years of experience each and some decades of experience in this field. 3 people with either zero bitcoin experience or zero contributions for more than a year. All of which have been proven to lack the full comprehension of the intricate details of consensus game theory.
Very very well said. +1 The only reason i can think of for miners supporting this: Notice how it's only big miners? The game of pushing out the smaller ones has begun! Expect mergers between medium miners and small miners going extinct. Of course this won't happen in public as they will become more and more secretive and simply pretend to be 2 or 3 polls each.
Propaganda is a dangerous weapon, Gavin!
Actually, the tides seem to be turning. The down voting is not as bad anymore and there's even some upvoting going on. A lot less trolls showing up... Maybe just maybe...
Thanks for asking the question, I hope you consider all answers. . Bitcoin consensus is a method of reaching consensus ON the ordering of transactions by means of PoW, a blockchain and rules that define all of those. It is however NOT a method to reach consensus ON the PoW nor the blockchain specs nor the rules that define them. I think you know this. And i don't think you can deny this. . Core already had 1.75 MB on the roadmap before this classic thing even started. Are you willing to risk it all for a mere 250kb more? Sounds dramatic but that's how risk works: if there's a tying chance for something to happen then that's a risk you need to take into account. . 75% is clearly waaay to low and contentious. Especially if the only thing that's measured by (can be measured by) is mining support. Don't say representative democracy because if there's even slight margin of error where miners don't represent 100% correctly (and by definition there is) that means your 75% may be significantly lower in practice. . You are taking about replacing 30? 60? experienced developers with two brand new ones. . It means at least 25% are going to be fucked over. This time you claim to be the majority, but some next time you will be the minority that gets fucked over. That is exactly what will be in the mind of any potential investor: why invest in something where the rules can change mid game? A very dangerous precedent. . A hard fork is literally a hostile takeover because you are not skilled enough to convince others to join you in consensus. . With 25% and the timeline now being threatened! you know it's going to be very messy. Even just the number of people that don't know they need to update
&gt; "takeover by special interests" Like 3 non active developers in the service of already centralized miners, readying themselves to push out the smaller miners. Oooh no...you were talking about the 60 developers that have already years of experience and proven track record under their belt? Some of which have been dedicating their life to open source and freedom for decades and have huge accomplishments there too. Beside the fact that they actually make sense to anyone who knows how Bitcoin works. The fact that you are parroting nonsense about CPU votes and waving away facts that don't suit your wishes clearly shows that you still have a lot to learn. In the meantime, it would be healthy for everyone if you step aside and let the grown ups do their thing. Just like you do when a house or a car or a bridge or an airplane gets built. Blinding yourself with unobtainable wishes is not helpful.
Luke is not Blockstream.
You are pathetic. He was doing this shit when you were still in diapers. You have never done anything whatsoever to prove yourself. Edit: Hmm wrong/fake toomim. Same story.
LMAO! Good find!
Core is putting up a great fight to talk sense into people, that's definitely not easy. But it's easier to attract and persuade numnutts than it is to get people educated. So in numbers it's always going to be a losing battle and that's exactly why it must be made as hard as possible to change Bitcoin's rules, otherwise it will lose to mob rule eventually.
By having shown that you are a troll a 100 times over already.
They don't like their half finished snow man masterpiece, being pissed on and destroyed by hang youth.
No, we have waay more people that THINK they know bitcoin. Those are the most dangerous types as they go around claiming absolute truths that are in fact completely reverse. Ignorance with arrogance. Mike Hearn was one such person. jtoomim is another. Even the fact that he's running around as lead developer, while having programmed not a single thing for Bitcoin in his entire life is enough proof. Noone is born a Bitcoin expert and noone becomes one in 6 months, even with writing pull requests 24/7, let alone by doing nothing.
LOL timeless and still very accurate.
So the only solution is to make Bitcoin immune to political flipflopping and populism is by cementing a stable and rigid set of rules that can only change through many small soft forks (using version bits) where the actual users (not the shills and not the miners) get to vote by using the new features. And certainly not allow any contentious hard fork to ever take place. Even leaving the possibility of ever doing a contentious hard fork is like inviting the populists to come give it a shot. Slam that door shut in their face right now and we might not have them come back for a little while and when done enough times maybe they'll stop trying altogether.
Excuse me, but I assume any successful investor will know _very_ well where his own expertise ends and where he needs to trust either his own personal expert advisers or simply the expert that are running the project. If not he will not be successful investor to very long. So. Are you an investor aiming for success?
Rusty Russel (famous long time Linux developer) took leave from his payed job and "wasted" 6 months of his own time on his Pettycoin project because he couldn't figure out who the non-trolls/scammers were in the Bitcoin+altcoin space. Eventually he found them and now joined Blockstream to work on Lightning. If such an open source experienced expert can't find his way around, it's not surprising a lot of people can't.
Thing is libsecp256k1 is already finished. Bitcoin Release Candidate which includes it is just out yesterday. "Unfortunately" (in this context) the quacks can simply steal it. Still a milllion ways for them to fk it up (they know better afterall) and make a vuln out of it of course. One can still hope, right?
That's an extra argument to appreciate them then. And not get rid of these excellent garbagemen, just because some new garbagemen came around with a promise to make the garbage truck bigger. Without showing even an understanding of what the old garbagemen are pointing out: that the bigger trucks aren't going to fit underneath the bridges. "Ah don't worry. I'm sure the bridges are higher than they seem. Our users demand bigger trucks, so just do it."
That link answers absolutely nothing of what he asked. All they do is flipflopping between 2MB+doubling to just 2MB and back and bikeshedding on an activation period that is orders of magnitude too low to be safe anyway.
They have for a very long time and it's in the roadmap a month before classic even started. Your remark about the Chinese is extremely ignorant because they have the majority so it is the rest of the world that has to worry about staying connected.
Be happy then, because you are mistaken to the extreme. &gt; If bitcoin fulfilled its awesome potential as mentioned by Satoshi, what reason does Blockstream have to exist? The fact that Satoshi left an unfinished mess that needs years and years of hard work by many experts that need to pay their rent? Have you given up your job yet to work, without any pay, more than fulltime on Bitcoin contributions, for the last 4 years? That is literally the ONLY situation in which you could be forgiven for making such an incredibly ignorant remark. Why are you jumping to conspiracies?
They do many times bigger changes every single release, in code that is just as delicate or more sometimes. Also this patch was simpler and smaller than BIP102 for example.
NO! No no! Of course not! I said they can steal it _unfortunately_. And I'm saying I wouldn't be surprised they would even fuck that up. Not sure how you read support for classic into that. What I was saying is that because libsecp256k is finished, your argument to hope that Greg will stay working on it is kind of moot now. It's not going to get orders of magnitude faster anymore no matter how much he works on it (I'm assuming, as they've been squeezing very hard already).
You are saying a controversial hard fork is the exact opposite of what experts say. Clearly one or the other is wrong. One version comes from the people that have literally been working for decades (each) to INVENT and BUILD decentralised money. The other version is some random words thrown together in such a way that it sound anti-oppressive, by some conspiracy troll three months ago. That version has been echoing around for a while and note you are parroting it around because you like the ring of it. Guess which version sane people believe? Also the believe that you need a hard fork at all to get rid of a dev team is based on nothing either. Why a hard fork? Why not just a different but compatible version and get people to install that? Why not start with some soft forks? Why not build a reputation that you can actually handle a community and the development of the most difficult piece of software in the world. Build a bit of experience and confidence? Get a user base. Why not show users you really have what it takes to implement promises instead of just making them?
Phew thanks. If hate to be accused of being a classic. Yeah totally agree with your points and conclusion. Interesting idea too of Greg there, hadn't heard that before. And actually the first good use of an altcoin I've ever heard: incentivize people to come up with the most efficient implementation of some algorithm. Or a step further: an incentive for people to design an asic for an algorithm. Thx!
Their interest in bitcoin succeeding is a million times larger than possibly maybe ever earn anything on sidechains. If bitcoin fails sidechairs are dead too. They have explained very well what the problems and reasons are and anyone capable of seeing the logic agrees with them and sees the centralisation dangers. A conspiracy theory is simply not necessary right now. Also these people have dedicated their lives to open source and freedom type stuff. It's not like we're talking about bill gates or Steve Jobs here. They have turned down better job offers and patents. Actually fought against patents. Actively fight and circumvent the us government banning of export of cryptography. I don't ask for unconditional trust, but does an amazing track record not count for anything anymore? A little benefit when there's only doubt and no evidence?
You are pulling something that is obviously false out of your own ass and putting it in his mouth. Of course consensus does not come from "hard to fork". Consensus is a consequence of hard to fork? That doesn't even fking compute! Some strawman. &gt; Bitcoin is hard to fork because its consensus rules are valuable. This is true but the reverse is as well, it works both ways: consensus by itself has 0 value if it is forked every day. So it's more like: Hard to fork + Consensus → Value I commend you on realising this though: &gt; If you upgrade the currency by changing a rule, you lose the value of consensus in the changed rules Maybe you can explain this to everyone around here. Put it on the website, why don't you? Just add that despite that you feel that the benefits outweigh the loss in value. Honesty goes a long way when you are building a brand new community. What i don't expect you to add there is that this idea that you came up with is completely unoriginal and had been debated in various forms for years, however the consensus among experts is that it's not possible and worth it right now. Especially now that a far superior solution is available and ready. The option is still clearly open as a next step for the roadmap however, see FAQ. &gt; Classic's fork scares Adam. He thinks we're going to ruin the world with a fork, but we're only blowing his mind. &gt; Welcome to Bitcoin, Adam! Join us! This makes you pathetic. Diaper boy pushes himself into the scene and within 3 months of 0 contribution whatsoever or proof of knowledge of anything, waves of the 20 years veteran and the team of 60 experts that have been building on it for years. Yeah right. Not-welcome to you.
&gt; We have compromise all the down to fucking 2MB!!! Gee I wonder why that compromise was done. Was it perhaps because people _finally_ started to understand the dangers that Core was talking about? "Oh not unlimited ... hmm... 8GB too much too? You're busting my balls, Core. 20MB? Busting my balls! 8MB? My balls, Core! 4? ok ok ok, I get it now it's dangerous. 2MB, final offer!" So now you're a meager 250 kilobytes away from admitting defeat. What's the point anymore? Noone is interested in your dead featus! Just drop it and let's go to the moon.
You're only 250 kbytes away from the roadmap anyway, so why the hell not?
Oh you're in it for the mansion with pony that you promised yourself? This year, no time to wait! Yeah that explains your actions. Fuck 2017, I'll be out by then anyway.
You mean like classic is doing? Declaring war.
Miners are hired and paid to work for the Bitcoin network. If they screw that up, why would we pay them anymore? That threat helps to keep them in line, hopefully. Although I'm starting to doubt the mere threat is enough.
You can leave peacefully right now and go play with Classiccoins. Noone is stopping you.
laughed. +1
Still can't make your point without repeating the same old lie? Transaction capacity will soon be 1.75MB.
4 cases of ignorant parroting of lies and FUD. nice job.
You're contradicting yourself in both sentences. &gt; the value of a company can continue to increase indefinitely So can the value of Bitcoin... &gt; When your stocks increase in value you are not preventing other stock holders from ever owning that particular portion of the profit. Yes you are. You own the share, you get that profit. Noone else.
The value of "the total available bitcoins" can also go up or down.
Thank you appreciated.
The one dimensional thinking is strong in this one.
Gawd you guys just don't stop blabbering. Long live speedplay. Keep it up guys. The longer the better!
That what he reasons about however...
Because you're using lies and dirty strawmen to be mean to Adam. Because you're enticing the less educated and trolls with empty promises you can never fulfill as well as lies and FUD. For what? I don't know. Destroying someone else's credit to compensate for the complete lack of your own? Ego? Arrogance? Honest lack of understanding? At least that last one would be fixed by growing some humility. Anyway I'm talking to you as if you're jtoomim but i have no idea who you are. All my points were with regards to your posts, so it doesn't matter.
Because "want" makes things possible? Not countless of man hours of hard work and deep thought. Just wish, sit back and all your dreams will come true.
Why don't you reverse that question? For the longest time purple have demanded first unlimited and 8GB, then 20MB, 8Mb, 4MB, and now finally 2MB. Why did that go down? Because people are realising that the problems choir has been warning about, and they were handwaving away before, actually do matter. At the same time hard work has been done on efficiency improvements of bitcoin, see latest release candidate for example. Making now a decent increase possible, especially since the way it's done (SW) had so many other benefits now and in the future, including around scalability and scaling. Both factors are now actually nicely converging, so 1.75 is a perfectly fine increase that everyone can be happy about.
Yeah i thought that much. But like i said it was as a response to your post so it stands. Sorry. Maybe you can bring some humility into the family then. You're not going to conquer the (bitcoin) world and replace 60 experienced devs, no matter how smart or skilled you are. And even if you could, you certainly can't ask anyone to have trust in you that you will without first proving that you are possibly that smart and skilled first. There's only so many sheep that fall for empty promises and rhetoric. And don't expect those sheep to be loyal supporters either (they already spit in the face of the team before you).
You may want something, but you won't get it if it's impossible.
"That logic" doesn't continue to below 1MB. So your rant in that direction is unnecessary. The trend was not "down as far as possible". Instead the trend was towards a compromise point, with status quo 1MB as the bottom/worst case. The trend was also not a sign of weakness, it was clearly fueled by a growing understanding by everyone that too big really is too dangerous, so different points were tried and discussed to see where a safe balance could be struck. In the meantime core worked hard to attack the problem from the other side as well: by improving bitcoin's efficiency and defusing some of the danger to a degree. That achievement is paying off by to the point where an almost doubling of the transaction capacity is deemed not to be too dangerous anymore. So it makes perfect sense to now go with that compromise and in the meantime continue to think about how we take the next step. SW itself can be further optimised to become a bit more efficient and SW also opens up several different avenues of improvements. Plus all the other ideas that were already thought up or under construction. All those can be worked on by independent teams of developers: more parallel instead of sequential development should speed up progress. If we work together we can have bitcoin efficiency further up ready for the next doubling or whatever it will be then. Then hopefully we'll also have a fully operational LN, which will buy us a huge amount of time, so we can easily be ready for further increases a few years later.
Yeah the voting website thing. It might well work, i really have no idea and didn't look long enough to judge it. Reddit sucks for sure so you might stand a chance. A huge problem you will run into is that your visitors are too one sided right now. Noone is willingly going to stick his head in a bees nest that's too small (yet) to give them anything positive back. (Except Luke, so typical, he must have divine protection.) Same as that they hardly go to subreds where they get downvoted to oblivion (if not outright mistreated). A discussion platform is only useful if smart people from both (all) sides can discuss freely, without fear and without too much noise from trouble makers burying information with noise. I'm not saying the current situation is your fault, at all. But regardless it's your problem if you this thing to be taken serious. That's a huge chicken and egg problem you have to overcome somehow. Besides all the "normal" problems of making a site user friendly and sybil resistant and moderated to a certain degree, low enough to not be censorship. And I'm sure you can name a million other things. Anyway if you want to see me reasonable, maybe this discussion makes sense: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/41uu0j/if_everything_goes_well_the_earliest_a_block_size/cz6hwo0 &gt; Please don't be mean to me yet. Deal, if you're not mean to Adam anymore. And Greg (not saying you have). And Todd. And Matt. And all my other heroes. It's not that I expect them to need a random internet nobody to protect them, I just hope that I can shave a few seconds off of the ir time wasted on reddit, so they can work their magic instead. I'm sure we'd all be having vacations on Mars, with our pockets filled with Bitcoins, by now if humanity had been kinder to its geniuses over the centuries. In the mean time, good luck with your project.
That's what it comes down to. You don't double the horse power of a race car engine by simply doubling the displacement. All kinds of other shit needs to be changed, redesigned and strengthened as well. And since this race car is in motion you have to do stuff incrementally and in the right order, otherwise the engine will blow up and we don't have anything. 1.75MB is underway right now. So don't worry.
LOL mounting altcoin competition? You mean there are so many of them? And you seriously think that any altcoin can scale to even close to what bitcoin does today let alone past it?
Why together? What's this obsession? Why not SW now and a doubling a year later? Like is in the roadmap+its FAQ already? How about being a bit risk averse with my money?
Hmm. I wonder why he never put that into a BIP. Was it perhaps because there was no consensus around it? See how some people are trying to reach consensus instead of just bombarding us with BIP after BIP that goes nowhere? All the while working hard to attack the problem from the other side too: by improving bitcoin efficiency.
maybe you missed this bit: &gt; that's on a beefy computer, I don't know what that is on a raspberrypi
July now? Has classic foregone March 1, or is that your date? I haven't been keeping track today. As per your suggestion: I'm not one of the devs so they might think otherwise, but i imagine doing 2 things at once will increase code complexity and the dangers of something going wrong during the rollout. But at least longer dev+ testcases+ testing+ release cycle. Also a hard fork needs a much higher consensus level' 95% out more. And everyone needs to upgrade before that time, not just the miners, so that will probably take a lot longer than just doing SW now. Also you're losing the benefit of SW giving us a smooth growth as wallet and user adoption rises (and is a beautiful way to push people to upgrade their wallets to use SW), instead of one abrupt jump. Sort of like a shock absorber that dampens the drop in fee pressure (everyone will want lower fees again, since there's plenty space anyway) but it also dampens problems if a bitcoin gets a huge influx of more users: growing pressure for people to use SW, but not an immediate sky rocket of the fee. What makes a soft fork in 2017 better than a soft fork now? Also note that further than 1.75 can be achieved by relatively minor extra changes after SW, so it might already be more than a doubling during 2016.
Not true. Classic can threaten to quit any time. No problem.
&gt; I find it common that these things are often much more complicated than they appear on the surface in cryptoland. That's exactly what i keep discovering nearly every day, even after all these years. It's part of the fun of bitcoin. Unfortunately there are also people who at some point (usually very early on) decide that they understand everything completely. Sigh. "When you think you understand it, you don't."
True. Not your threat. Classics's threat. I'm willing to bet all my coins on Core, whether a classic hostile takeover attempt happens or not. Any other outcome than Core is doom anyway. I wrote off my coins the second i bought them, boom or bust, no weak hands and no giving in to terrorists. Bitcoin is already very nearly centralized right now. That makes it hardly better than paypal. Anything (other than decentralisation) that bitcoin has going for it will eventually be copied by paypal or those private blockchain companies once they find out they don't need blocks, or a chain. It's decentralize or bust!
+1 But I wouldn't call holding classiccoins hedged. More like a sure loss. Actually they should include a mechanism whereby you get bitcoin 2.0 coins for every transaction you do on the classic chain. The more expensive the better. Use classic as the scaling platform.
I ask for it. I've never had even the tiniest test transactions get stuck, but that's because the blocks are far from full. If it ever does happen it'd be nice to be able to do something about it.
0conf rules have been the same as they were in the days before bitcoin existed. That's because 0conf transactions don't use the blockchain, see? And the blockchain+PoW is what sets bitcoin apart from sending someone an email "i owe you $1".
Exactly. Everyone seems to have already forgotten Peter's demonstration of near guaranteed doublespending success without RBF.
Do 2 payments in one by replacing the earlier single payment RBF transaction. Not just lower fees. Currently wallets oftrn lock coins until there is at least one conformation. Meaning you can't even make a 2nd transaction for 10 minutes or more. With RBF you can.
Todd: &gt; The big problem is hashcash is inflation. Mores law plus vastly increasing supply. We'll end up with insanely high inflation rates if we're not carefull, at least 100% every 18 months. So close Peter... So close!
lol See ya soon.
You have to use a procedure like -johoe explained. You need to untangle the coins from different chains so they are actually on different addresses. Otherwise if you make a payment to a merchant on one chain, that merchant (or anyone else) can send the same transaction to the other chain and then you've lost your coins on both chains.
Actually no. 1) SW is a soft fork already goes to 1.75MB with possible future small increases to over 2MB. 2) Also the Core devs have actually come up with ways to do even "normal" block size increases as a soft fork.
Only if you want to fix the _wrong_ problem. The problem is _centralization_ !!
Absolutely. Nothing to be ashamed of!
Bitcoin is still an experiment or beta if you like. Very much still growing and changing. You can't really expect otherwise. You can still continue with your current wallet. Just don't accept 0conf from transactions that you can't verify yourself (nothing to do with SW, there are many other transactions like that). Next step would be to at least be able to verify SW transactions going to you. And the last step of actually sending out SW transactions you can do whenever you feel like it. Just wait for other wallets to do it first, so you can learn and copy from them.
Thanks. Too bad _right_ answers get downvoted in here. Have to keep explaining this over and over.
We want DEcentralisation. That has different components, but the worst currently seems to be mining centralisation. 2 or 3 pools have &gt; 51% together. 10 people own 90% or more. This video explains it quite well (have a good look at the graph somewhere around the middle). https://youtu.be/7S1IqaSLrq8
I knew you knew that. Simple typo. Well "transaction never confirm" is quite an exaggeration. Like in any economic supply and demand situation: if the demand goes up and the supply can't follow then the price will increase, and the price increase makes some people stop putting their small-fee transactions on the blockchain. The rest of the system simply keep chugging along. Anyway, SW fixes real problems, opens up paths to big future improvements and it increases the blocksize to 1.75MB,
FUD lie
FUD and repeated lie
Voting among trolls. That's gonna work...
Amazing how you know exactly which FUD words to pick up and parrot from the trolls. Yet when someone tries to help you understand a few basic things that you obviously have no clue about then all you do is jump onto the next FUD BS.
Yet the website still lies about this.
In an ideal world you'd have techs do what they do best and then some socially skilled people do the explaining to back them up. Some are, but a lot are just backstabbing them and completely disregarding their hard work and expertise. Doesn't help that Gavin keeps enticing more trolls.
Especially if that change of constant is nothing innovative but merely intended to create a rift in the community AND something no open source project has: the money supply.
Nothing buzz if noone knows them. You clearly don't.
What he says had nothing to do with RBF out the difficulty of the current design. Every 0conf transaction can be double spent. Regardless of RBF.
You don't. You can't. Regardless of RBF. That's what the blockchain is for. 0conf doesn't use the blockchain.
Good idea! Merchant can see that RBF and "committed" non-RBF transaction have the same output so he didn't care anymore which one gets eventually confirmed.
And the fact that it's happening less is a pointer that centralisation has happened. Multiple pools are in fact one or there are gentlemen agreements between the few remaining. Good observation.
Need to call in your troll buddies for downvotes? All you need to keep posting dumb shit until the expert days something you can quote out of context.
&gt; But an earnest criticism is only the same as a reputation attack when the person's reputation is a house of cards. Beautiful! This one is going in my favourites!
A lawsuit over an open source fork? Too bad it was privately, but don't worry, I'm sure this subred will take your word for it anyway.
Citations was too much work eh? Work is not troll worthy? Got it.
Protocol - network. He explained the difference 10x already in this thread.
Because there's an already better compression mechanism in place right now. You can't compress shit twice and comparing compressed to uncompressed non reality makes no sense.
&gt; this is disingenous. Coming from a troll... Nice. &gt; Classic hardfork does not take money away from anyone, I didn't say that. &gt; duplicate coins are created on the Classic chain so no one gets disenfranchise or loses money. Oh great... Duplicate coins. Can you fork 50 more times? I feel like getting rich? Oh it doesn't work like that? &gt; all Lie &gt; it does is reset a blocksize parameter that Is a dangerous and useless parameter for ignorant devs to stay the hell away from.
Yeah certainly shows how he disingenuously quoted them out of context. What a surprise too. Peter even took the time to highlight conditions: &gt; with consensus Bitcoin can be changed very rapidly; an uncontroversial, supported by evidence And theymos: &gt; If the max block size actually causes serious problems ... then it should be easy to get consensus to do an emergency hardfork
Either you don't understand the word contentious or you're a troll that uses misquoting people as a means to an end. Glimpse at name: ah yeah, troll... Peter: &gt; with consensus Bitcoin can be changed very rapidly; an uncontroversial, supported by evidence And theymos: &gt; If the max block size actually causes serious problems ... then it should be easy to get consensus to do an emergency hardfork
&gt; You literally seem to have things completely backwards. Of course he does. But don't you dare take away his vote! Sigh. Humanity is just doomed to fail.
Why are you so easily picking up and parroting FUD from scare mongering trolls but accept nothing from the people that have actually built and designed bitcoin into what it is today? Does the fact that you've been shown wrong 3x in your last 3 posts not make a bell ring in your head that maybe it would be better not to listen to the easy-listening rhetoric of the people trying to do a hostile takeover? The people with the easy answers and easy solutions and golden unicorn promises?
But why the hell are they bringing their presidential election crap to bitcoin?
To whoever wrote this: your F key is broken. +1 for article.
That's why Greg is not making claims about the network, in its current form , being decentralised. Just the protocol.
Sigh... As long as your derps fit your preconceived ideas and you don't need to use the other half of your brain.
He never said we have a solution. That's the whole problem. And he explained the diff between protocol and network. You have any other dishonest and delusional comments that need debunking or can you just start thinking for yourself for a few minutes?
That's gonna be the best meetup in the world then. No more altcoin bs discussions and idiots that think they know more than the experts.
Sigh... Really... Out of context quoting is the only thing people can on this red, isn't it? You: &gt; So it's not decentralized in any practical sense, yet he still claims we have a solution. I: &gt; He never said we have a solution. (Solution as in what we need for bitcoin i.e. DECENTRALIZED) And you quite him as dating: &gt; We already have a non-centralized solution. Yaaah... A non-centralised solution duh. And continues: &gt; Please stop conflating a efficient transmission protocol with one of the things that uses it. The NETWORK we currently have is centralized. The PROTOCOL isn't. Anyone can start their own network. Remember the thing you said dishonest and delusional? Learn to read yourself! Although i fully understand you don't, since noone in this red does.
Another awesome one... so far... I'm not at the end yet... is it endless? Maybe tip: can you turn up the volume of the guest a little bit. Just to compensate for the loud mouths. Sometimes you two laugh or blabber right through the guest and I miss his comment.
Glad you agree otherwise.
That's exactly the parroting of FUD I'm talking about. You just did it again. Just some superficial sound-bite that does not stem from problems in the current situation and the proposed solution doesn't make sense.
Aaand yet again... keep it up, keep it up. One day you'll understand how leaving a word out of a sentence can sometimes completely change the meaning.
Ha! Wha! Waaha! WHAHAHAHAAAAAAaaaaaAa! OMG ROFL ooohw... Snif... Haahwahaaahaaaaa
Yeah Gavin getting better and better at drumming up trolls. Recently he was comparing block size to SMTP max email size. And then he admitted that smtp is centralized as fuck and maybe you can't compare the two. But in the meantime the clueless have more fodder to play with.
&gt; He just helped his brother come up with the scam. FTFY
&gt; People want to use Bitcoin Core patched with 2mb. That is exactly what installing Bitcoin Classic will do. Actually that's a lie. It's a complete lie on their website. I pointed it out to them at least 5x now. Still there. Says one patch hard fork. Yet they are already ditching RBF too and planning lots of other shit. Besides a one patch block size increase would be DDOS fest, they know they need to do more. Of course, core people have been thinking solutions for years yet classic think they can implement a solution in a Saturday afternoon, in between joints. Doing it in a totally wrong way, not compatible with how core is going to do it.
That's why smart devs have come up and perfected over the years the skill of updating using soft forks. Soft forks in general are much much safer and more democratic as people can choose not to update without bitcoin tearing to shreds. Soon it will be posdible to have multiple soft forks "in flight" at the same time. Huge dev speed increase as well as true choice for users. Also once stuff had calmed down, it's quite likely that a non-contentious hard fork to raise the limit can be done. Non-contentious makes it a whole different story and can be (again assuming important caveat non-contentious) quite easy and smooth.
There literally nothing common sense about classic.
He buried his head in the sand too deep already. Can't admit ignorance anymore.
And that's why great minds are working on (in consensus might i add) on 1.75 MB increase that includes actual benefits. Average minds are trying to save the whole bitcoin experiment from being destroyed by feeble mind.
Lie. 1.75 MB with actual scalability benefits and the backing of 60 very experienced and hard working devs. vs 2MB, zero scalability benefits, maybe no DDOS holes, completely ruined community as well as ruined money supply by 2 burnt out very inactive former devs + 2 failed altcoin devs with zero experience. Peter R is not even a dev. For what? 250kb difference while blocks aren't even full yet.
I find it amazing that you can do so much handwaving with your fingers in your ears.
Excellent tl;dr and conclusion.
Living proof. Come to think of it... Are you alive? Or has trollware come this far yet?
It's unfinished and unproven shit that's already been proven broken. Which is unsurprising since people have been trying to build that sort of stuff since dawn of computers and pre computer versions for millennia. Sybils are a bitch for one.
And these boys are far from experts, nor do they know what users want because their black box magic system is sybilled and even when not: garbage in garbage out.
Peter R?
Is that his secret strategy? push out the morons one by one to clear the way for smart people. Gavin! My hero!
&gt; Does it matter who's in charge when the code is open source? Lol... Yeah it helps if they know the subject they're claiming to be able to reason about. They're making golden unicorn promises afterall. &gt; though 2mb is supposed to be the main/only change Supposed to, as in "hard promise on website". But it's already a lie. There going to be more than one patch. And dropping RBF is also post of it.
The family name that almost ruined the bitcoin experiment.
This. It's literally back to mediaeval flat-earth-science-bad mob rule of we let this slip!
You don't understand bitcoin or consensus. That is very VERY dangerous!
&gt; all the open source contributors Excuse me? You're having a laugh, right? Toomim 1 - jack shit Toomim 2 - see 1 Ahmed - failed scamcoin shit Gavin - not much for last 2 years. Burnt out. Hasn't committed. Only drums trolls of late. Jeff - i have no idea but the satellite i was promised and sponsored isn't flying yet that's for sure.
Willing. Eager. Naive.
They're awesome! I completely ditched LTB and all other podcasts when i found them. Binchlistened to all earlier episodes and things. Absolute heroes not afraid or PC to say what needs to be said and to call out scams when they see one.
1.75MB is already on track in core. In a better way with actual scaling benefits. And not handled by jokers. Let's not destroy bitcoin here. Deal?
They are the best assholes in the business. If i ever become an ass kisser i sure hope it's theirs. Best podcast around. You should listen to a few. Mind opening and very relieving to realise the space is not just full of parroting morons like you.
Cause they're scam.
Heroin actually.
Yeah exactly. It's the perfect example of why not to increase. Even though i don't think smtp compares at with bitcoin, the centralisation effect is obvious. Was on /r/btc so you can guess what happened to reason.
"Choices" is a load of crock that is meant to sound nice when uttered by politicians, but it doesn't mean anything. Bitcoin simply doesn't work like that. Sure, you have plenty of choices. You can enable RBF or not, you can choose to change the minrelayfee and more of that sort of policy decisions. You can even decide to mine smaller blocks than the limit. But consensus changes need to be done by everyone at the same time, which is dishonest and dangerous to do if not done in a friendly non-contentious manner. And don't confuse "consensus" about the longest valid chain (that's what Bitcoin does) with "consensus" on what software to run (that's not what Bitcoin does, that's what BIPS are for). They are different contexts of "consensus" and are determined using different methods.
&gt; sngular difference That's what the website claims, but as all their promises: it's a lie. RBF removal is already in. And raising the block size limit is impossible in one patch anyway, so it's bs.
&gt; it needs to listen to and provide what the community wants That's just dumb. You want golden unicorns and you're screaming like a 3 year old "now, now, now!". What Core needs to do is explain why it's currently impossible and not a good idea to raise the block size limit. And come up with better alternatives and a road map. Gee... guess what the have been doing and have done? I guess Core needs to further ELI5 their explanations, that's the only thing you can ask of them. They're doing that too. Have a look at https://bitcoincore.org/ and endulge yourself.
And anyone with a decent understanding of bitcoin and/or what's important for trust in a brand new growing currency.
The fact that the word consensus is used in two different contexts might be confusing you. Bitcoin uses the blockchain + PoW to allow every node to automatically reach consensus on the longest valid chain. However, the definition of the word "valid" in there needs a while different sort of consensus. One that is determined and progressed through BIPs and discussions and small incremental changes. Why slow? Because money is trust and people need to be able to trust that the rules underlying their money don't change on the whim of mob rule. Anything not doing that is monopoly money. Anyway. 1.75 MB is en route. There's no capacity problem currently out before that time. Many more more improvements are on the roadmap and in the pipe line.
Every single combination of two words in your post is wrong. Misunderstanding, ignorance, FUD, lies. Call it whatever you like, but everyone who understands bitcoin will recognise your full of shit. You're talking above your comprehension level. Everything has been pointed out hundreds of times already but just for fun your last sentence: &gt; However, 2mb is a much cleaner, safer change than to do a massive code change for segwit, which only just entered testnet SW patch is smaller than 2MB hardfork patch would be. The way jtoomim is about to implement it is definitely not cleaner. Contentious hard forks by definition are not safe. SW had been in testnet for a month now and has existed in live code something like 6 months before that. 4 factual errors in one sentence. All your other sentences were just as bad. Don't bother replying cause i know what you're going to say and you're wrong about that too.
Ask the inventor of the system they are trying to bodge together, Paul Sztorc. Also, it's built on a scam platform, so it might not be their fault. Anyway, if you haven't noticed yet. On the internet it's best to assume something is a scam until proven otherwise. Doubly so in Bitcoin. Be on the safe side. Maybe that's what you're saying in your 2nd sentence. Not sure, I can't parse it.
Apart from bikeshedding different block size limit BIPs that have gone nowhere? And satellites not even launching? https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/graphs/contributors search for garzik there. I know he's smart and has done a lot. But Bitcoin consensus stuff is a whole different ball game, which he clearly doesn't fully grasp.
Fking conspiracy nut. &gt; blah blah blah ... cuts off the other 9,999/10,000 people on earth Yeah cause that will maximize the value of Bitcoin... /facepalm
&gt; &gt; You're misreading his words. &gt; I am not misleading WHAhahaa 1!! EPIC !!! stupid troll.
I'll go for the risk assessment by people that know what they're talking about because they've implemented and reviewed it and have years of experience with the surrounding code. Thank you very much. Are you making yours on the basis of being a highly experienced low level language developer? Or do you just listen to trolls around you parrotting some nonsense that some failed web developer came up with?
More informed than you. Listen to some more Bitcoin Uncensored podcasts. They can be very eye opening if your head it not too deep in the coolaid.
Gee sooo silly that silly reddit never thought of that brilliant idea... verification. Wow. A millennia old problem solved... poof... gone... where is that Nobel prize when you need it? P.S. You've just verified yourself as utterly and completely incapable and unsuitable to take part in anything relating this discussion or bitcoin or software development or internet or computers. Thank you.
I did. Never had a single stuck transaction (because blocks aren't full) but I thought it might be handy some day. Thank you to all who helped implement this!
Thank you Blockstream friends. I love this feature. Can't wait for it to be implemented in all wallets. No more people (newbies and cheapskates) complaining all over the forums and reddit on how to get their stuck transactions. I bet a good % of people trying bitcoin for the first time having that experience will simply quit bitcoin right away. So that's gonna help inflow and staying of new users right there. To the moon, thank you Blockstream! And fuck the 5 minute censorship crap on this sub. Pteww. Disgusting!
Lame. Lies. [ looks to subreddit ] Ah and typical...
Irreversible for transactions that use the blockchain. 0conf transactions don't use the blockchain. It's hard eh? To grasp. Take a breath. Read it again. Ok so the white paper argument is out the window. Remains only the little detail that satoshi already had rbf in there from the very first version. It was disabled temporarily because it had a DDOS vulnerability, as many other things around that time. But let me guess. You've been explained all that many times before.
You just got your baby ass wiped and handed back to you on a platter. And the only thing you do if continue lying and parroting nonsense. Nice.
&gt; &gt; reasons for not expanding the block size are fairly technical and hard to understand &gt; No they're not. Yet you still don't. Whose half brain are you talking about exactly?
&gt; why did the inventor include signatures in the first place if they are such a waste of block size ? /facepalm Signatures are not going anywhere. They're still in the blocks SW or not. Their just easily separable so nodes that are not interested in then (anymore) can choose to not download or drop them. As for why the inventor didn't do this in the first place. Huge oversight. Simple as that. Many many problems would have been prevented from day 1. Like malleability.
Tip: since you're clearly new and not very well aware of how bitcoin works, is better if you post things in the form of a polite question instead of parroting what you hear others say as factual statements. Makes you look not like a complete retard and you might learn something.
&gt; Nobody ever claimed transactional demand was unlimited. Of course it's unlimited. Have you ever seen the endless number of terabytes available on piratebay?
They were just put in their place by future Nobel prize winner Adam Back. It's a fart around show (obviously) with some damn insightful farts. They're not going to win dumbest in Bitcoin awards anytime soon.
Wasn't ad hom at all and your post was utter bullshit (you can count that as ad hom if you prefer), let alone factually correct. But sure, keep parrotting whatever you hear other trolls say.
WTF does file size or transaction size have to do with anything? We're talking about data storage. And a pretty damn special unique in history of mankind type of data storage. It's the wet dream of any movie pirate to put it somewhere where everyone can download it and it can never be taken down or be censored. Of course demand is infinite.
Either way, a 2MB blocksize limit increase is actually larger patch, riddled with DOS and vulnerability fixes. And if those fixes are not carefully considered, we're gonna be stuck with bad crippling decisions for years to come. Also the deployment method is much more dangerous and needs to be non-contentious or it can't be done at all.
&gt; That is still far from the point, where only one operator can run a fullnode It's not just the ability for multiple people to run a node. There are other problems that have a much lower threshold. And even then it's not about any particular node: it's about the network as a whole being healthy. Just running a full node with 32MB blocks is actually relatively easy with a decent internet connection, big harddisk and decently powerful CPU. I doubt many people would have enough insentives to do so however, because at that level Bitcoin would be dead and just be a bad version of Paypal.
&gt; Fuck blockstream core Haha the irony! OOooh blocks are sooo fuuullll... fees will go through the rooooff... oh heaven dear, we need bigger blooohcks!! NOHW!!!
It increases scale. not scalability. Like blowing up a balloon. Scale is how far you got, scalability determines how far you CAN get.
&gt; I am rooting for most grandiose promise FTFY. There is 0 code, 0 indication of even the capability and capacity (brain and man hours) that even a fraction of the promise can ever become reality. In fact the opposite has been shown as it's obvious from this OP that the brains and man hours are completely lacking in the classic promise. So sad you still can't get it in your stupid little head that promises by nobodies don't mean shit. It's actually an insult to hard working people that have been delivering on their promises for decades.
Lie. They don't.
But we, the listener, would still like for him to go on your show. Thanks both!
blah blah blah parrot parrot blah blah stupid blah
I hear you. Same here. I hope you are sharing your wisdom through other means.
It's actually hinted at if you read the FAQ to the roadmap. Keep in mind difference between starting a HF and it triggering.
Any comparison to democracies is irrelevant. The rules are supposed to be fking rocksolid, that's the promise of bitcoin. If you can't make an uncontentious proposal then there's something wrong with your proposal and bitcoin just chugs along until someone comes up with a better one. If people invest in rocksolid but it turns out a minor majority can change the rules because some populist promised golden mountains, then it all turns to moush. Nothing rocksolid when once every 4 hard forks it's your turn to get fucked over. So also no reason to invest in it in the first place. Bitcoin needs to be completely without politics. The moment you let politicians through a crack they'll destroy it from within.
You should explain SW as about 1.7 MB effective block size. That's a fair estimate assuming a fair mix of normal and multisig transactions. SW gives more benefits to multisig transactions than to normal so it's hard to exactly predict. No need to overstate it as that gives ammunition to trolls.
It's contentious so by definition the community will split. No amount of wishful thinking or handwaving will prevent that.
75% means once every 4 times you get fucked over. Are you investing in something that promised you that?
Yeah i was on this train of thought recently too. I say after this crap is over (or even before) SPV wallets should be protected against this kind of attack too. They need to validate a lot more and at the very least warn the user. I understand some things have been proposed over the years but Hearn was always blocking those improvements. Anyway SW and pruning and fraud proofs open the way to have not just black or white (full node or spv) but also gray: light nodes that have practically the same level of security as a full node yet at near SPV like bandwidth use. That looks like a bright future.
And another confirmation the promise they are making is an outright lie: "one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB". They're also dropping opt-in RBF.
I agree. One of the reasons they're less used currently is their extra overhead/fee. There are others reasons too. Last I saw on the bitcoin-dev mailing list was 1.7MB effective blocksize in an apples to apples comparison with current usage patterns. It takes a while to actually get there, as wallets update, but it's likely that eventally it will go beyond that too.
The problem with you people is that you're not looking deep enough. You get stuck at some banal level. Applying real life experiences like democracy and markets. You're missing out on the most beautiful parts of Bitcoin. They are much much deeper. It's like applying democracy and markets to the Big Bang and the creation of particles and atoms and stars and galaxies. It just doesn't make sense.
yeah the fact that trolls would infest the community and rot it from the inside out was always my single biggest hesitation getting into Bitcoin. I think we're healthier than you make it look though, so we'll just come out of this stronger than ever before. THAT is what's going to trigger the next stage to the moon. Anything else can only cause a tanking. It's all about trust.
Of course not. Besides, "betting" is the dumbest thing you can do here. Handwave problems away and hope for the best... yeah that's a great strategy. Merely that proves the point of why the whole classic needs to be called off, it's just idiotic. Damage will be done. The brightest devs, and frankly currently the only ones in the world that CAN pull this thing off, will stop. Bitcoin will be dead.
&gt; under the assumption that some other things will be implemented first. Correct. Plus the assumption of future improvements that SW makes possible. &gt; I don't believe a serious hard fork will be attempted under these circumstances. Miners don't want to play it dangerous and will follow only if a consensus has been reached. Let's hope they realize that themselves. Do note that in principle large miners do have an incentive to centralize and push out the small miners (by for example increasing the block size). You would hope that their incentive to see Bitcoin grow and be successful is larger...
Not so much one dev. But if the top ~5 + some more stop tomorrow then yes, it will be years before that experience and brain power will have been replaced and Bitcoin is back on track. And if the wrong devs grab power during that time (either evil or simply incapable) then Bitcoin is fucked altogether.
Very disappointing.
&gt; But Bitcoin is not as complex a beast You seriously need to start shutting up now, you clearly have not the slightest clue. This is seriously laughable. And that explains exactly why you don't understand anything of what's being said and all that's coming out of your mouth is noise at best or parrotted FUD otherwise.
Yup, they shat their pants when SW was thrown on stage. Anyone honest and sane about block size would have jumped on it, shout yes and start working hard to help with it. Instead... They had to do a U-turn to try to bury SW and Blockstream with even more FUD and Blockstream and Core.
I wonder where the BIP is for that one. Oh wait he realised Bitcoin isn't ready for that yet so he didn't make it a BIP and went back to working on improving Bitcoin. Instead of wasting time and writing towards the destruction of bitcoin as bigblock shills have been doing.
Which he didn't even make a BIP out of for good reasons. Because he understands what's at stake here. Unlike you apparently.
1.75MB and then 1000x scaling is already en route. No need to worry.
Noone is waiting. Who told you that? Make sure not to listen to them anymore. Forums are swarming with FUD parrots.
Would suit you not to speak for Satoshi. Especially since you have no clue. He just told you that even 3MB is already too much according to the bigblock dev himself. You just ignore that and repeat your blabla.
It IS a huge risk. It means depending on which full nodes it happens to connect to, your spv wallet will see a different chain every time you start it up. And its especially easy for any MITM to direct you to the chain of their choice.
A rocket too. The crew compartment can be ejected when the rocket fails.
Perfect example! Crew compartment safely ejected and ready to try again on top of another first stage. In fact, since this is the virtual world you can have the crew compartment on top of several alternative 1st stage rockets simultaneously and 9 out 10 can blow up and we still reach the moon safely. Just don't fuck with the crew compartment!
You seem to be asking an honest question here, so a friendly tip seems in order. Please note that you're in the wrong forum for that. /r/btc is reserved for liars, trolls and dumb sheep. If you want to get close to an answer, look at the most downvoted posts.
Annoying how truth and facts sometimes creep through even though they're not welcome here, eh?
I wish you luck injecting sanity in here. I'm afraid you'll be somewhat of a loner though.
Ah fuck off with the censorship whining. It's purely about competence and level of understanding. Idiots that don't understand the first thing about bitcoin don't get to make claims and absolute statements, let alone offensive bullshit. And they can just piss off with their infantile conspiracy bullshit based on 0 understanding of reality. Normal people intuitively understand that and either politely ask questions or shut the fuck up until they've educated themselves enough to have an opinion and debate on an adult level. It's trolls and dumbfuck sheep that blabber the biggest nonsense thinking they have something to contribute. So obviously some people throw the garbage out of the walled garden, otherwise it wouldn't be a garden at all, just cesspool like this. &gt; Oh and a ban would be in order for using language like "trolls, liars and dumb sheep". Oh so you are pro-censorship afterall? Bring it on. I've said worse things in here.
You just got your ass handed to you on a platter: literally every single sentence of your post was proven wrong, lie, twisted, conspiratorial and dishonest. In the real world you just lost talking privileges for at least a year so you can regain some humility and educate yourself with facts instead of parroting troll FUD. But how do you respond? In the typical cesspool troll manner. Avoid and accuse, sprinkled with conspiracies and outright lies. And you are surprised that noone gives a fuck about what you say? That you got demoted to /r/btc? Literally everything you say and do only confuses the hell out of other noobs (including newcomers) and thus hurts Bitcoin adoption and the spread of general honest truthful and factual knowledge. Clap clap clap. Nice achievement. Disgusting loser.
So basically here you are saying you don't know the first thing about bitcoin, like: who decides the 21m. But merely 2 posts up you are attacking the single most important expert in the entire field with some parroted bullshit you picked up somewhere and don't even know what it means either. Cah-lassic. Yup, you're seriously doing yourself a favour hanging around these dumbfucks you are getting your misinformation from. Keep it up kiddo.
Dumbass lying fuck feeding misinformation to a clear noob. 1.8MB in the upcoming version, THANKS to Greg Maxwell, Peter Todd and the others in Core! Feeling proud doing nothing but complaining and whining and FUDding? Your get rich quick scheme not working out for you?
That's his call sign. And he's right.
Dude... 100 shops/obscure merchants is great and probably a world record on density. But it's not an entire city by very far.
Wonder where you got that number from. Is there an Arnhem, USA ? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnhem
Let's start a DAO to fund the full time production and deployment of such exploits against incompetent wannabe forks and scamcoins.
No, cause it's actually very sucky oversold obsolete tech that XT/unlimited/classic/Whatever is trying to sell to you. Don't fall for it. Core has something far better even as a proof of concept version with the future potential to eliminate some of the scaling hurdles.
It's almost like he's trying to sell you something. Shiny pictures. Lots of handwaving. Big percentages. Huge promises. Not a single downside. I recognise those tactics from somewhere...
You were talking about latency. Nullc responds on topic all about latency. Apple to apple.
Too bad your con artist recognition skills are rusty too.
&gt; The same thing is happening to the 1MB block limit. It was originally arbitrary, but now it has become something people feel is really important to bitcoin, and will likely never change, unfortunately. What is it with you classic dumbfucks that you need to keep denying that 1.8MB will be in the very next version? WTF "likely never change"? Even ignoring all the other onchain (and offchain) capacity and blocksize scaling solutions actively being worked on. Freework my ass. Do some work yourself if things aren't fast enough for your liking instead of a whining about clear falsehoods.
Can't wait for all of them to fuck off to eth. Maybe we should postpone segwit some just for that reason.
&gt; Wrong. I'll explain. You? Proven dumbfuck and troll? Explain? Ha, this is gonna be good. &gt; Nobody knows how to make the LN be truly decentralised, ie: uncensorable. Eh... you're saying you are too stupid to imagine there are people in this world way smarter than you who can actually take the best parts out of already decades old p2p implementations that already do the above, add some of their own tweaks and then just build it? Yeah i guess you're right. You are too stupid for this world. Not just you though. let's not forget the troll fairies that whispered this bullshit into your ear and that you are now repeating for them for free. That's right. Not only are you too stupid to come up with your own arguments, you're not even getting anything out of repeating them for someone else. You work for other dumbfucks, for free! Hilarious.
FYI: you're talking to a well known hardcore classic troll. I appreciate all the excellent explanations and facts you use to debunk him. That's really useful to other readers unaware of the trollery going on. But truthfully: he's heard all this many many times before and he's just out to waste everyone's time. Note how he keeps avoiding your points and coming up with new (false) ones. First it's "core is blocking any increase above 1MB", then it's 1.6 but after enough people told him it's more like 1.8 to 2.0 he changes the subject to how a HF could be done a year ago and how SW isn't here yet. After your skillful debunking then it's suddenly "usability problems for users" or "SW is good, but it's the ONLY thing core wants". On and on and on. These trolls are passing each other checklists of FUD items and they take turns on rolling then out step by step, top to bottom. Probably through multiple accounts, but even just the same account will be reused within a week. Thank you and upvoted. $1 /u/changetip
All those points have been debunked and proven wrong so many times, it's just proves once more you're just a troll. You can find facts on github commits, the rage quit blog post, the 20GB block size that Gavin said was perfectly safe snd fully tested (proven to be complete recklessly dangerous bullshit by jtoomim data, thx to Core for stopping Gavin from destroying Bitvoin on many such occasion!) not to mention all the other dumb screwups gavin made. Vitalik let himself be set up as the fallguy for the biggest and dumbest scamcoin yet, but certainly didn't do shit for bitcoin. I never said others didn't do a lot as well. I can name many. Many who have depending on the metrics used have done even more. Yes "most important" friends on subjective metrics. Tomorrow it will be Peter Todd and the day after it will be Adam Back or Pieter Wuille or Matt or Vladimir. Doesn't take away any thing of my qualification above in that context. &gt; who 'proved' bitcoin could never work. Not only grossly out of context misquote but clear sign of your dishonest below the belt tactics. As well as complete lack of understanding how science and proofs work. Congratulations dumbfuck.
Well "relative to the Bitcoin network" is actually probably the most relevant comparison to make, be afterall LN is meant to be an alternative to certain kinds of Bitcoin Network transactions. Other p2p networks to get inspiration from are BitTorrent (and loads of other file sharing networks), Tor and possibly some Mesh networks of different varieties. Plus of course the decades of academic study.
That it didn't hold up to peer review at. It was debunked and torn to shreds by peers. IOW it was (and is) full of holes and mistakes that make it not applicable to Bitcoin. That's how science works.
And again deceitfully out of context. He made a well educated gamble with the information public at that time. He could buy coins at as low as 10% and figured it with a shot. Thereby even helping out parties that were desperate to get out of mthox. Literally no one besides Karpeles (and possibly not even him) knew the amount of bitcoins that had been stolen. That amount was impossible to know to anyone, so no not even a pretentious fuck like you saw that coming. Greg's gamble was hardly any more dangerous than having coins on gox during 2 years prior, including several extended down times and near collapses. Which means it was pretty dangerous as many including Greg himself has earned people for day after day. And that danger was what made it a gamble with enough upside and reasonable estimate of risk to make it well worth the shot. Which is further proven by the fact that he's now probably getting roughly his money back. Suck on that.
BS. He started at 20MB (already order of magnitude above the jtoomim limit) and would double at insane rates (faster than Moores law). And that was before Core rolled out huge performance increases that saved Bitcoin from doom at even 1 MB today. Yeah he underestimated the number of stupid people that would blindly follow him on his path to paypal 2.0. Luckily a majority recognises the actual important properties of Bitcoin.
Bitcoin expert and poet. $10 /u/changetip
$1 /u/changetip You're right. The majority knows it. The majority also totally ignores these dumbfucks. That's why sometimes it seems there are so many dumbfucks. But in reality it's just the same 10 dumbfucks that keep running their troll tricks and mess up any decent discussion and education. /r/bitcoin is less bad than this cesspool, although the same usual suspects vote brigade there too.
&gt; In Bitcoin everyone sees all transactions Which is a good point to do a comparison on. &gt; which in some ways is more efficient Not for scaling for sure. Conceptually easier? Yeah sure. Similar to your local wifi network where all devices are basically broadcasting to ask others. Easy to see that that doesn't scale to much further than a few hundred feet and/or more than x devices. ZWave and such protocols solve this by decreasing the range to 30 feet (or whatever) and then having devices forward packets so multihop transmissions work seemlessly. So yeah they do a bit of automatic (non centralized) pathfinding and when one path turns out to be temporarily gone it tries a different path. Not really rocket science, although sure there are many many options and variables to play with.
Yeah very understandable. I've given this guy (and many others) the benefit of the doubt a few times as well, months ago. I even re-try every now and then, see if they've learned anything new.
Claiming your statement is bs, literally cannot be a lie. Work on your logic please.
Still not scrapped that infantile bullshit from your troll checklist? You know you have to take items off when they've become obvious bullshit to not just people with a little bit of topical awareness but any random bypasser, right? Keep on proving the point that you don't understand shit, dumbfuck.
That was actually a very specific promise in the first 2 sentences of their website for a very long time, even after they had started breaking that promise, like with RBF. But lying to a troll following isn't really lying, is it?
Actually I'm laughing my ass of at the expensive of dumbfucks like you. Hahaha... Here he is asking stupid noob questions to his troll buddy and here he is trying to lecture a dev with 6 month old debunked troll FUD with words he clearly doesn't even understand himself.. omg what an infantile dumbfuck! Hahaha, loser.
Hahahaa this is so classic. He eats troll posts for breakfast and wipes the floor clean with all your asses. Literally not a single assault or dumbfuck post that he categorically debunks with hard facts and logic. And that makes him... &gt; probably the most toxic and aggressive poster on bitcoin subreddits. Bwhahaahaaaaaa you people are so hilariously stupid.
Wow they didn't want to be associated with Satoshi anymore? Who had RBF equivalent in the first version. &gt; but I won't speak for them You just did in the same fucking sentence. To other readers: known troll, not worth trying to talk sense into him.
Are you really making excuses for an outright lie like that. Even if it was just for "innocent" marketing purposes, is still a deceitful lie.
&gt; So in reality bitcoin changed from PoW to PoS? And you are happy with this? Except there is no Proof of any Stake being delivered anywhere. Might as well call it Proof of Existence, because the existence of Bitcoin itself proves there is consensus among stakeholders. Consensus gone -&gt; Bitcoin gone.
Or at least fade into one at the end (queued by music).
Except for segwit which has the beautiful property that it lets users decide whether they think it's worth it to use or not. Therefore the hard 1MB limit can stretch to roughly double the size entirely at a pace that users want. Not decided by Core devs, not by miners, not by Gavin and not by /u/MemoryDealers (Roger Ver). Purely by users. Ultimate democracy. That should provide nice data on how much true demand there really is for block size.
Thanks for proving, once again, that completely disqualified quacks and scammers like /u/cypherdoc2 and /u/awemany don't understand shit about Bitcoin and consensus.
Pwaaakk pwakpwakpwapwack chiiiicken chicken chiecken scaaammy scammy little chicken chicken chicken pwackpwak liar pwak pwak pwak looossser chicken chicken chicken
Even all together they don't reach the IQ of a chimp, so why not?
That's actually not what they're saying at all. What they're saying is that they have a vastly superior way to get to 2MB AND BEYOND. And that's exactly what they're rolling out right now. As in improving "the time's tech and protocols" in preparation for going beyond 4MB. But sure, keep putting up strawman and then thinking you're a ninja when you strike them down. All I see is some dumbfuck in a cornfield threatening the strawmen.
And never answers any. The more FUD around the better.
No such person exists in the world, you might want to finally update your FUD.
Adults don't claim others are saying things they never would, just to win an argument or spread dishonest disinformation to the unaware. That's kindergarten tactics. Suitable, I know. You claim: &gt; And Core's main argument against the HF is that it would be dangerous to raise the limit to 2mb Literally days/weeks before they're rolling out a doubling. /facepalm But yeah of course pointing out where you are (still and yet again) trolling and FUDding and just being a general dumbfuck makes me not an adult... Sure. Obvious troll proven. Again.
Are we now opposed to people start using new features whenever the fuck they want themselves? What happened to democracy? And not forcing things down users throats? Ah... yeah those were just words that happened to sound nice to your own sheep. Also, where is your study that explains all those unlikely numbers that you pulled from your ass? It's the other way around: uptake of SegWit will possibly be an indication of how much the extra block space is really needed. If the blockspace isn't needed, then there's hardly any point in using SegWit, so people will postpone. Anyway, I'm glad you don't have any problems anymore then, cause as you say 1.4MB will be reached and 1.4MB is your threshold of acceptable. Thanks for accepting SegWit and the SoftFork. Please let us know next time you do have an unacceptable problem. We're very interested to hear.
Haha. Haa. Hilarious. Well, like I said. You've accepted and are all okay with the SegWit SoftFork, so you now can stop wasting everyone's (mostly your own) time commenting on it and on the lost 2MB HF. Oh yeah, I suddenly remember you caught me on a misreading of one of your posts recently. Apologies for misreading, that made my post out of context. Not that it made your post make much more sense, but whatever. Welcome aboard the SegWit SF train. Just in time too, cause it's rolling out any day now.
&gt; Most people use SPV wallets. SPV wallets have a huge security flaw that the 2MB HF intends to abuse, as those wallets &gt; will connect to multiple nodes, and will select the heaviest/longest chain among those reported by that set of nodes. FTFY. Beautiful display of dev centralization and how classic is a hostile takeover attempt by misleading (SPV) nodes.
Typical that you focus on that one little unimportant detail and conveniently ignore all the rest in multiple posts. Yeah i guess blocking would be easier.
The same way they took our hand while freeriding on the Bitcoin created hype and elbowing Bitcoin into the dirt as mere 1.0 and not even Turing complete?
Funny how you get your vote brigade to up vote this dumbfuck stupidity. Yet they're not around anymore to help you on your further dumbfuck replies below.
&gt; 1MB blocksize limit forever In case you didn't know. SegWit IS a blocksize increase. So maybe you should take that lying dishonest troll shit back to where it belongs. Try to come up with something better next time. Or better yet, fuck off to those experts you like so much with those limitlessly scaling altcoins. I hear Eth is cheap these days.
&gt; The law Maybe in your "the law". But not in cozy North Korea. Why are you being racist? Does everyone have to abide by US law now?
&gt; &gt; This is exacerbated by defenders of this approach outright misrepresenting Bitcoin's history and scrambling technical terminology in order to stretch to justify the activity in ethereum land. &gt; Reverting the DAO exploit is little different than the bitcoin fork and rollback to fix an overflow exploit. Forks and rollbacks are possible in in any blockchain. Regarding rest of your post: OMG you are dishonest and dumb.
Good question!
Buggy code, full of crappy workarounds and security holes, for obsolete ideas. Untested and not peer reviewed whatsoever. Oh but with pretty gifs and 190% statistics.
/u/petertodd said it was like the next step up from double entry bookkeeping. Double entry bookkeeping also is moslty just added redundancy and complexity over single entry bookkeeping, merely to avoid errors and make fraud harder to pull off and easier to detect. Blockchains (without PoW and possibly without actually using blocks) would add another fraud protection/detection layer. As long as different third parties have access to that blockchain (or only the merkle headers) and are able to check among each other that they're all looking at the same ledger as well as detect any rollbacks/forks, that makes many (most) forms of fraud impossible or at least extremely hard. Makes sense and should definitely be a net positive for any two+ parties with non-100% trust. And can replace huge parts of third-party auditors need to come in at $400/hr for a week to check all the books. But it doesn't really have anything to do with Bitcoin and still makes the whole "blockchain without Bitcoin hype" one steaming pile of BS. It just proves those banks have been sleeping and not innovating for at least 25 years, as hashed-linked-lists and basic public/private key cryptography are common for at least that long.
It's a hostile takeover attempt. The 3rd actually. Run by 3rd grade devs with no clue what they're talking about, promising golden moons to dumbfuck wannabe believers. Best stay far far, far away.
You can keep denying facts all you like, but truth is that Core created SegWit which is a block size increase: and a damn good one at it. And it got consensus a hell of a lot faster than anything you ever proposed. You in the meantime have accomplished _nothing_ at all (well, if not counting all the negative shit you and your troll armies have accomplished). Whether that's because of you choosing the wrong path or because of you choosing unqualified, dishonest and outright scammy people to work with or because it's a problem with your own abilities, you may be the judge yourself.
The whole fucking point is that the blocksize doesn't NEED to be increased (if it were even safe to do so, which it isn't). SegWit and Schnorr and Signature Aggregation and MARS and LN are far far superior and safer _scaling_ solutions. If you just want to not understand and keep crying like a baby that you want a bigger icecream, the r/btc is for you.
Which proves blocks would grow to their maximum size quickly no matter what (or beyond if there is no maximum). Which was already obvious to a kindergartner as demand for free perpetual storage is of course unlimited. Which means Bitcoin would be fucked. Meaning your suggestion is a dead end, whether you make that blogpost or not, you've already shown that right here. So you (or someone else) either come up with a solution make it work _with_ the supply quota in place or the whole experiment is over anyway.
