I honestly don't get the joke.
It's a myth. I also bought him a house. edit - shit, forgot to logout of the throwaway
I remember something about how she wanted to try for a role on Becker. Which in her defense she was on like 7 seasons of when I think that season when she left was the last one. I can understand the decision. They should have just killed off Dax altogether.
The Dominion War arc was my favorite arc in all of Trek. I prefer the serialization. I think those two things gave the show a certain edge. You can see it in Ron Moores post DS9 show BSG. Everything just has a more realistic feel, and non-serialized shows are more for the casual viewer. I guess at that point they figured a large portion of fans who watched every week could handle a storyline that lasts longer than 44 minutes.
Yeah, Federites mimicing Klingon culture was always cringe, Sisko was the only one who could pull it off.
Ah, ok, interesting. I mean, he is a tailor after all, he's already half way there lol. I thought it was going to be about Bashir and that time he and Obrian were talking about how much they liked each other and how Obrian likes Bashir more than Keiko.
They spoil Raw every week as well.
I prefer the instrumentals. Especially ones with a 2-3 second intro like Brocks and Ambrose. Edit: At least I dont think theirs have lyrics, if they do I guess that shows how much I pay attention to the lyrics.
&gt;There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again. -/u/SuperkickParty
The left hand never shows up.
Thats how my LED lantern works, I guess it has a sensor in it or something. Wyatt fumbling around on the bottom for a on/off switch doesnt seem as cool.
Lol, but you are blowing it out right? The air flow is detected by an electrical switch which switches to "off", which stops the current. It's the same concept, but we are in the middle of the "Forever" part of "Then, Now, Forever", so they are still trying to find a way to seamlessly integrate the technology. The Raw set/lighting is fucking bland, as long as we are talking about technology. Like look up 3D Projection or crazy light painting on youtube, I think WWE really needs to adopt some of that stuff. Growing up the pyro and entrance music played a huge part in getting me amped for the show, it's something that's missing and is being overlooked, imo.
Good Lord. Has the cape always had spots or is his the first one to use them?
I was looking it up and found that it either is/was used to represent Ermine tails, which were apparantly super expensive and thus kingly.
For some reason that cape looks way better, even the spots.
The Naziland episodes were some of my favorites.
Muradin was allied with the Paladins, which were Alliance at that point, before he was killed by Arthas after he was consumed by the sword of the Lich King. So I'm thinking it's just a new hero card. Did Muradin reappear in Wow? I never played it.
You're so jealous. It's sad but also kind of cute (:
Oh Jesus fucking Christ.
It just bugs me because Arthas was obviously being a cunt before they got to the mountain but that was like the final act that really just destroyed what little humanity he had left. I really liked the character of Muradin so it's not that I'm upset about seeing him again, it just kind of takes something away from Arthas' betrayal.
That's a good point. Although I don't think Gul'dan can ever really die.
There entire streaming service is on Game Of Thrones back. I'm not saying if that's good or bad, it just is.
Untrue. He is in a very secure financial spot and able to do whatever he wants *because* of this guys and everyone else buying his shit. He does have a responsibility.
My real problem is balls in water.
Crap. My opinion doesn't matter though. As long as their data shows people aren't spending less because of it and also as long as they need the money they are saving off it is what's best for business. But seriously Big 4 at least need their own sets. EC has its own set, which is the chamber itself.
Have you watched any of the "30 for 30" ESPN documentaries? They cover a wide range of topics, each one has a different director. They're pretty cool.
Maybe in like 20 years ESPN and Netflix will do a "60 for 60" documentary and one will be about Vince struggling to hide his condition from everyone
I'd rather spend 9.99 to get the cards I need to at least be somewhat competitive
The once oh so familiar attraction doesn't come back when you're 30 either. The next woman who is able to convince me to hang out with her will probably be the one I marry.
&gt;Edit: Just saw the other 700 Summer comments FTFY
I thought that was the hint since Pratt runs with the raptors in the commercials. They have been domesticated, perhaps only the raptors.
I was, I could be, more here now than before I am
Every move he makes is counteracting the gyros. That thing is fighting like hell to keep him on, but he is instinctively pushing the handles back forward because the counteracting force makes him feel like he's falling backward. If he just stopped moving or lean forward he'd be fine, but he's stopping the lean because he doesn't trust that it won't tip over. Trust the machine!
It's a way to play the game and win quickly which causes thousands of people to bitch because they can't alter the decks. To put it in perspective, is a ring out a victory in Soul Caliber? Yes. The person who gets ring outed then bitches about it being cheap because they didn't have the presence of mind to roll to the side.
Core hound is horrible because it gets outed by BGH with it's battlecry. I've won quite a few games with a tundra on the board. Saved my ass on numerous occasions, especially if you craft a couple Highmanes.
Tornado's create alot of wind. I mean, I'm not a scientist but it's the same reason a boat won't sail through a hurricane.
Found Kripparians account guys.
I believe the Icy Vein deck is just a little older, and is a totally basic deck, as in it only uses cards you start out with. You don't need any crafting or purchase packs for their basic decks. I will say it's better to buy expansions, you *really* need those cards. Worry about the packs later. I always play two tundras. Their high health and ability to give other beasts charge can be a lifesaver. I always run two Houndmasters as well so you can actually make it's health 9 and give it taunt. The first thing I'd do is level up your hunter to 10 to get those class cards. Then you can go into the crafting section and make you two Savanna Highmanes and two Unleash the Hounds, and all trap cards except Snake Trap, in that order (if you can't do it all at once just keep at it, remember you can disenchant cards for more dust, don't overdo it though you never know what you might need, but I wouldn't worry too much as you're just starting out). Highmanes have 6 attack and drop two 2/2 hyenas on death, so what I like to do is save up a tundra, then drop a Savanna, then houndmaster it. That's an 8 attack on a charge from the Highmane. I've never really had messed with the Buzzard, it got nerfed before my time, but try it out, it just depends on your deck and how you play it. Also again, I'd go with the expansions first. Then use those cards to make new decks to use in Arena or Ranked Quests and use that gold to buy new packs. It's a much better investment, you're not gonna get far without those expansion cards.
My hometown news team!
It's on like 90% of paper cups in existence.
So someone saying definitely they do not want to do something is "all but confirmed"? Lol I wish I had your optimism, SCSA isn't that 18yo from domino's who you start talking to and find out she just got kicked out, and then doesn't want to fool around but you guys get drunk and fuck. Then she moves to Alaska for 10 months and comes back with a kid that apparently belongs to you. Yeah, Ive had a bad week.
I honestly was expecting way way more. I think it would have been better suited for posterity to just show close up shots of her face and then the reaction shots from people in the arena. It killed the entire episode for me. And in 5 years it's going to look even worse. Look at something like HP: TDH where they use the dragon to escape from Gringotts, and that was how long ago? 5 years? And it still looks amazing. They should have bit the bullet and sunk a few more dollars into that scene.
I thought she was gonna go get the other dragons to help
I prefer clams.
I have been wanting to say something similar since last season. She's very one dimensional and honestly at this point in the series I wholeheartedly dislike her. I can't really put my finger on it.
Even if he hadn't of redeemed himself the incest thing wasn't a negative for me with him, or any of the characters really. If that's what two people want then that's what they want, it doesn't effect me at all. I actually got into an argument with co-workers about this topic lol.
I just made a post about her in the post-show discussion thread. I thought I was the only one who was getting really sick of her. I can't identify with her at all, and she seems callous and uncaring 99% of the time. The lingering reaction shots of her when Jorah was fighting reminded me of Twilight. I'm just upset because they're ruining what was at one point my favorite character. At this point I almost hope she fails.
I think it would be a nice match as far as "concept" but in practice it would be a somewhat boring brawl. I'd rather see KO/Lesnar as well but I doubt they'd risk that match-up at a WM. Too big of a chance to take on Owens at this point. She was actually from here but her sister had moved there with her new husband so I guess she decided to go there after she freaked out.
I'd find this hilarious. Not something he can get fired over.
I'm pretty sure you can complain all you want, it's just how you do it. Also most of those places have you sign a Social Media policy upon hiring, which would then definitely make it possible. Without that though I'm not sure how easy it would be.
I understand what you're saying, if it was just some random dragon shot next week or whatever, yeah I see your point. But this is possibly the series defining moment, I think it's a little more important than you do, I guess. And yeah I know they had a lot more money but it was almost 5 years ago, usually the price for animation and such of a comparable nature go down over a time period like that.
I don't see it either, any normal human wouldn't turn away from that. The only thing I can think of is that they are downplaying it until the time of the official announcement to get the maximum pop. I mean why else would he say he's not going to do it? I get the whole playing for more money thing, I guess I just imagine Steve/Vince in a no bullshit kind of way. If that's the case then I'm sure Steve knows that Vince knows that Steve knows he wants to do it.
Also the Daily Show live comes on at 11pm, 3 hours after SmackDown, and it's on 4 days a week.
He fucked it up. Ideally it would have went &gt;book it how smarks want it &amp; it'll become mainstream!!! &gt;&gt;FTFY Then maybe it would have been funny.
How old are you? I'm genuinely curious, I'm not attempting to mock you. I can assure you the message boards and sites of the late 90's wouldn't even be recognizable next to their modern day counterparts.
Wait. What do you mean "the person who plays the music"?? All the wrestlers have a unique electronic sensor in their boots that triggers the music when they reach the entryway.
Giuchie, Giuchie, ya ya dada
No. Come on guys, let's bring this baby to the top!
The dragons are still young and inexperienced, this was probably the first time he had to take on a group of humans at once, his first battle. He didn't even shoot flames from the air, he had to land first. I wouldn't really compare them to the super war dragons of her ancestors....yet.
Well. He would have had to have been close by all along. I got the feeling it was implied that she was doing some sort of psychic summoning.
Because if she had then Stannis wouldn't have decided to kill his daughter, and I'm sure she wanted that to happen. If he's weaker mentally then she has more power over him.
Oh, so she's a god-figure of sorts? Ugh. I'm liking her less and less.
The Unsullied strength lies in numbers and their inability to feel pain and emotion. Grey Worm was a special case. Fighting in an actual battle and fighting urban guerilla style are two different things. Their main weapon is a spear, it's best used in combat in groups, not 1 spear vs 5 people with daggers. The writers/directors *do* appear to be trying to maintain their reputation. They are always in small groups when they get destroyed. Look at the end of the episode where they were actually in a loose formation. They were offing those attackers like it was nothing. Also, they got their ass kicked in the arena because of piss poor planning. Dany had like what, 3 or 4 guards in a crowd of thousands? She's fucking delusional.
I have to disagree with the first part about their length of training. I mean seriously, go outside and pick up a stick and imagine 5 people standing around you trying to stab you. One on one yeah, but they looked outnumbered by at least 4-1, if not more.
Who is whatshername?
Fucking apologist.
What does she have to do with Stannis though? Or are you talking about that little brat princess? I thought she was an incest-baby.
The 49th state kind. It's actually pretty common but obviously huge cities don't spring up around places with 3 weeks of daylight, or the opposite if it's winter, 3 weeks of dark, the sun won't rise.
Understandable. Bringing her back could be absolutely the worst thing for her at this point. If she did do something to the princess I don't think she'd be long for this earth.
But...if she does kill him it will be ***shocking*** &gt;finale guys fuck yeah we kept up expectations by totally swerving EVERYONE in episode 9. So uhh...what now? &gt;&gt;Inside the Writers Room, tonight, on AMC
There are book spoils at the bottom with no warning guys, be careful.
North America, however the phenomenon can occur anywhere in the polar circles. Alaska is just what most people think of when it's brought up. Edit: I thought this was a reply to a comment I made about Game Of Thrones haha
Not the bottom of OPs post, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I was referring to the bottom of the comment list, at least if you sort by New and not Top. Edit: I reported it and it's been deleted. The mods are quick on this sub.
Unfortunately someone who disagrees with you isn't proving your point. I thought that before I even knew of Reddit, from personal experience. Sorry if that's too much for you to handle.
I literally thought she was going to explode in a fireball and a trail of fire would shoot away, leading them to where they needed to go. I may have taken it to literally lol.
If it was in the books then I can see your point, but that scene didn't imply rape to me at all.
Ah, the religion of peace. Are you sure you don't want to try to use a Hitler reference to make your point? You're already half way there.
Good. That sub was a toxic shithole full of assholes. Good riddance.
I'm not down with that. Yeah free speech whatever, if you're gonna say hateful horrible shit you don't deserve the right to say it.
You would have been correct about 3 years ago, unfortunately for you I lost 200 pounds and am now healthy and happy. Sorry (:
No, considering I don't know what that is.
The woman who looked like Dany in the whorehouse when Ty was trying to sleep with the whore and couldn't bring himself to do it.
Did you find your dislike for her slowly grow since Drogo? I really don't like her either and I feel weird because I think I'm supposed to.
I honestly don't think it's the same. Posting pics of people from facebook or instagram with the first name and town/city visible, saying hateful things about how you wish people would be dead or die. No. I subscribed to the sub myself and it's not exactly "oh he's fat, haha, loser", it's that times a million.
If you mean "we" as in r/conspiracy, I assure you they wouldn't even blink and they'd be happy we are gone.
There are plenty of other sites, they just all suck. Try Voat, everyone thought everyone was going over there a few months ago. A shift like that happens organically.
You don't register and sign a user agreement when you walk into a bar.
I can assure you it happened. I'm sure the mods deleted it when they saw such posts but the place is a bastion of hate man. I'm sorry but no one will convince me a place like that deserves to exist on a privately owned site. Edit: and even say they managed to get all those posts, people wishing for death and such is toxic and negative and keeps the whole human race down. Some people like to revel in hate.
I didnt, I edited it in before this post. You're right, I have no evidence other than browsing the sub ~~all~~ every day. Personal experience.
I find the vileness of that particularly group of humans interesting. It's like watching a show about serial killers.
He played his character from Starship Troopers in Stargate: Universe.
Rich Catholic donors in her geographic area lobby for Sainthood.
Can we get a kickstarter going for his legal defense? I'm good for $20.
Because lots of people use it and the media runs on fear.
I wish they'd organize a hearthstone tourney. I'd be all over that.
Or you know, any human on planet earth that enjoys pasta. But I guess you're right too?
One season miniseries
Depends on how much money they make. If it takes off it's not going anywhere.
I don't think it's just the close range thing, at least with the SoH attack, they were outnumbered. I swear it's like no one has been in an actual fight. It doesn't matter how good you are, if you're outnumbered 5-1 and get rushed you're gonna get your ass kicked.
They were also missing that reverb yell (Hyah-yah-yah-a-a-a) they used ten times an episode the first season of Spartacus.
I don't think she was sobbing because she felt she was being raped. I think she was OK with it, she was just overwhelmed by everything and kind of freaking out.
Young and childless. Mmmm. Add hairless to that and we have an episode!
*We* aren't, tumblr is.
Disgusting.
I'm fat, that doesn't make me blind. She's gross looking. And the fact that she revels in it makes her even more unattractive.
They only say that because they feel it's what they are supposed to say. 90% of these cows yammering about how hot she is would say fat guys are gross.
Well, they are both characters made up by humans.
I also subbed to the.. sub, but for different reasons. It's like watching a TV show about serial killers. The hateful toxicity was just mind blowing to me, because I don't think in such a hateful way. In any case, posting pics of a model or whatever, it's different than posting someone's tinder pics or facebook/insta pics. It's just wrong.
I'm actually Catholic, just couldn't resist.
I don't understand what you're saying happened.
Any lifting move done on Show gets huge pops, I'm sure that helped. But... I have to say I am surprised at how big that reaction was.
My new Sony doesn't have it. Bummer because I don't have a PS4 yet.
Oh hahaha SHIT
Wow. That's so crazy man. Is that easy injury a sign of steroids?
I don't know about hundreds. Maybe a handful. But again a military skirmish is not the same as an ambush by militants in an enclosed urban setting. It's apples and oranges. I'm sure I could provide as many examples of untrained crazies causing a huge headache for an obviously superior foe.
Well Iraq and Vietnam for two.
Robert's Rebellion is too big of a chance because you're losing so much of your main cast.
Yeah, I just don't see how all this shit can be tied up in one more season, at least not neatly.
Oh, I didn't actually know that, I just kind of assumed he did and everyone knew. But I didn't know he admitted it.
I don't know honestly. I'll be the first to admit I can't put my finger on it. It's just something about her I can't relate to. I honestly think Dario has something to do with it. That's why I'm hoping he dies so I can have my favorite character back.
I know lol. I was saying like I don't see how it can be shoehorned into one more (the final) season.
That was yesterday...
Maybe don't use the same email for private correspondence and fan mail? He has time to review drawings for that dumb coloring book, he gets no sympathy from me.
I know you can't respond but I'm confused. &gt;Any book readers found posting in this thread for any reason whatsoever, even if using spoiler tags, and even if they are not spoiling anything, will be banned. So even if someone said like "Dragon glass is my favorite" or some such they would get banned just for having already read the book? Wow, y'all are pretty serious around here. I like it.
Lmao Jesus. What's the story behind this? What's the significance of parking spot #22?
Wtf lmao
Got it, I really enjoyed that clip
Good riddance.
Oh not at all, just don't bitch about some fucking emails from people who made you a multi-millionaire when you obviously make time for whatever you want to make time for.
I can sympathize with that but come on man. If that was the biggest problem I had I'd be in heaven. I just get annoyed with this attitude like "oh my god my story has transcended it's intended medium and is seen by millions a week and has become a cult phenomenon bigger than anything even I ever imagined. I'm.fucking.rich. Emails?!?! You sick motherfuckers can't you see I'm trying to *"work"*?"
HBO, I will buy two of everything you advertise as long as people keep crying like little bitches about "censorship" when they agreed to a Terms of Service upon registering for a totally free service that no one is forcing them to use.
They might not be idiots. It's logical to think he would know/be able to offer insight, especially if you don't follow along online. Even more logical to think he wouldn't even read it. Edit: It didn't bother me but that might be a book spoiler, I'm not quite sure about the rules yet. Just looking out for ya
Ugh. You're joking right? It's not about TOTAL weight, it's about where that weight is. It's called load balancing.
You're right, that's why I don't read them and have no plans to.
I didn't see the whole video and assumed in the original clip she stated that's what she was trying to ride.
It's weird you know, I had like 8 upvotes on that post and in the span of 10 minutes it went down to -1, lol I watched it happen. Some fanboy is multi-accounting, it's cute.
I want another Unreal Championship, that game was the SHIT
It's a pretty big problem. The good news is the admins can tell when someone is doing it. They might get away with it for a few weeks but they'll get them eventually.
I really thought I was the only one who couldn't stand it. It's popular only because of the exact reason you stated.
Don't play with my heart like that. If they all died and the show ended forever I would be so happy.
What a cute, rosie cheeked little child. All angelic and innocent looking. Stay young
My $10 is staying in my wallet. I'm not spending money on some conceited elf when I can't even whore her out.
I really thought with the wildling lady getting so many speaking lines/camera time that she was going to be a recurring character, maybe not for the entire run of what's left of the show, but something. Jon could have banged her, at least. Even worse, she was a damn good actress. Loads better than those Sand Snake chicks who were obviously cast for their "ethnic" appearance, yet they're all still on the show. What a waste. The way she was killed was off-putting to me as well. She just crosses her arms and gives up? What about her daughters? I mean, the groups of kids are the undead, she just killed like 50 of them. Yeah, I get that she was supposed to be traumatized and couldn't bring herself to harm these zombie children who she may have known when they were normal. At least go out fighting.
I call that the "WWE Effect" or "Bookin ain't easy" E9 also had a pretty common finish. When you want to stretch out a conflict, you don't want either side to win/lose and look stronger/weaker before the PPV (season finale), so the match ends in a DQ by outside interference (Drogon)
After you said that I went back and watched it, you're right. The other guy had thick vertical stripes on his shoulder pads.
They aren't a combat vessel, they're explorers.
When I got out like that, between food, drink, and drugs I'm spending at least $120. For that I could get a highly attractive escort for a half hour and not have to deal with hundreds of retards. Js.
I honestly stopped watching around 2002ish, when the Rock left and SCSA retired. I came back around last year's Rumble. But that was one of the first things I noticed.
This has been posted 100 times over.
&gt;It feels to me like the PPV's are the new Raw, and Raw is becoming the new B-show. True that.
That doesn't seem like something that's copyrightable, especially since its not something being sold.
Seems like it would have been smarter to ask for a more reasonable amount. Now people want him to lose the lawsuit based on his obvious greed.
I didn't say I wanted him to lose, but he's off his rocker if he thinks he's getting 100 mill
&gt;Bam 20 bucks to have girls ass crack on your dick through jeans. 20 bucks could get me a gram of dro. Having a girls ass rub on my dick through jeans just doesn't do it for me. Maybe if I was 14.
From the Wall Street Journal.
I just keep reading it over and over and can't figure out how *someone* didn't say *something* to him.
Untrue. Do a little more research about the medicinal properties of cannabis oil and THC. I also have a tincture and a THC pill I take that is prescribed by my physician.
Well it is their first try..... ... ...................
www.kat.cr
Oh OK, thanks. He's probably seriously regretting losing all that money that just flew out the window.
"My King, you know only what you know. The Lord Of Light knows all. Greyjoy has a part to play yet."
It's gold satin or silk, either one would work. I'm sure that's a custom pattern. You're best bet would be to show them some photos off your phone. Another route would be to buy a gold satin or silk robe and start off with that and make some alterations to it.
I thought he was looking over at where Dany is in that building behind it.
How do you explain the multiple resurrections? It's certainly not "controlling the elements". They do exist.
I don't think they care about what George is doing. Unless you're implying he is writing the scripts, which he isn't.
It's not really a spoiler. Think back to S1 when Joff was showing Sansa the dragon skeletons. Their heads were as big as a house and they live 300 years.
Think back to S1 when Joff was showing Sansa the dragon skeletons. Their heads were as big as a house and they live 300 years. Drogon could *barely* handle a handful of the SoH, he's obviously got a long way to go.
I wish they would. She's dragging down the whole show.
*yawn* Poser. Edit: And they didn't explain it, so God is continuing to forbid it and obviously agrees with me.
Oh! Haha I thought you were talking about me, I'm from Louisiana
Yes.
Wanted to post this on the top comment for visibility. &gt;That number is the third-biggest debut of all time behind "Avengers: Age of Ultron" ($84 million) and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2" ($91 million). It wasn't the top opening Friday ever. The title is bullshit.
Gosh, are we still doing this?
Haha, someone should pop a brazzers logo on that
So of all the powers you only used blink? In any case, it was one of my favorite games of all time. Can't wait for part 2
They also stole the Angle milk truck idea from the IGN.com pro wrestling boards. I was there for that one.
Oh god, are we still doing this?
Oh god. Not fucking Sheamus. Jesus Christ.
So, the message is "Buy the network and see the same crap you just saw on Raw"? Fucking pointless.
Shit, Championshhhhia match begins with 8 minutes left on a NBA Finals match-up that's tied 77-77. What to do.
Guess not :( I was thinking the same.
I'm out until Brock comes back (tomorrow I hope)
Interesting. I don't see how else they could have fell.
I think that might be the point
Ambrose had hooked his forearm through the belt and Rollins was trying to unhook it. They were both holding it as they fell from the ladder but they hit the ground and Dean rolled away. Rollins wins.
https://youtu.be/ECfRp-jwbI4
Maybe it's just an out for when Brock leaves again? I have no idea. Unless they're gonna do Champion Sheamus v Brock, which sounds horrible.
I don't think it's a rule, at least it's not stated anywhere. More of a suggestion.
Who is RBD?
It was very dark, but it was dark outside too.
Well what's he gonna do? Say he was cast and thus destroy the entire cliffhanger? Think about it
His skin color does change to pale blue, but I can't tell if it's a result of the men carrying torches walking away from him or a trick of the light.
Yeah even Jon :( however Olly doesn't exist in the books (the little prick) It just depends I mean, the book definitely expounds on *everything*. It's a totally different style it's hard to compare the two.
The books end where Jon did, so you'll be waiting 10 months for your answers.
&gt;He's literally going to be revived before the opening credits of the season premiere
What?
It didn't even make any sense.
Body double.
They write it but they aren't given carte blanche to do whatever they want. On a show this huge, those scripts are run by the big wigs before production, and if they sense a tremor in their pocketbooks that's the end of that line of writing. Kind of like if they decided they wanted to kill off Dany, it would never be allowed to happen. Money talks.
Who is the cuckold?
Yeah, and he's totally going to say he's going to be back next year and ruin the biggest cliffhanger in TV history. Think about what you're saying.
It depends on what you mean by success, I mean it didn't really get popular until the series came out https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ASOIAF_2011_NYT_Bestseller_List.png The chart starts with the month of the season 1 premiere and takes off from there.
A Khaleesi without a Khal is meat, unfortunately.
People keep posting this and if anything it just confirms he's coming back in my eyes. He's not going to spoil the greatest cliffhanger of all time for an interview with Entertainment Weekly. Get real.
It actually was over, you can see the display in the top of the screen tick from "Last lap" to "Checkered Flag", so he won. The other guy may have been a lap down or something and was still going.
It was like something out of Lord of the Rings in the shire before they left on their journey. I just imagine Frodos big moist doe eyes as a fake smile slides across his face. Kill me.
The last book ends with what we saw, so we are all suffering together.
I already knew that wasn't her, because tattoos. But I don't think it stands out so much while she's in motion. You can definitely tell her neck doesn't fit in the still.
It's like people have a bookmark directly to the "Submit" screen and refuse to look at the 30 identical posts that are right in front of their face.
I dont think they do. The blood is next to him in this pic, I just zoomed it in. http://imgur.com/hIyXyhC His entire skin tone subtley changes to a blue hue because the men are walking away with the torches.
You should burn her eyes out with a cigarette.
He actually used the word "siege" which is: "a military operation in which enemy forces surround a town or building, cutting off essential supplies, with the aim of compelling the surrender of those inside" It's not a one day affair.
It's on Google Play.
His remake of Sail by AwolNation is amazing.
15 years ago Brock would come out right now and powerbomb the divas through wooden tables, and the place would explode.
No shit. She's also covered in tattoos.
You have a spoil in your title, Sir/Mam
I never even thought for a second they were dead from the fall and was surprised when I came here and saw all the speculation.
If you remember the advisor (sorry can't remember his name) speaking to Cersei, right before he left he said "The work continues", that's what he was referring to. I honestly can't believe Sparrow was stupid enough to let her go, she's gonna go apeshit on those fools.
No he didn't, it was just a mask.
There's a spoiler in your title man.
My concern is with the people who are innocent who are put to death.
Trying to cash in on that Hearthstone trend.
No. Mobile generally means mobile devices, which are Android and iPhone. Google Play means it's currently out for Android.
We have them here except it's a rope, and says "Cajun Weatherman". I'm kinda surprised this got to the top of the site. It's a really really old joke with slight variations based on geographic location.
Guy is playing tic-tac-toe with a robot, who then cheats to win. .....have you never played tic-tac-toe? You basically have a board 3 up 3 across. One person is X and the other is O. You place your X or O with the goal of getting three in a row, either side to side, up and down, or daigonalley.
I'm just having my doubts about paying another $70 for proper cards when I just did that in Hearthstone. Traditionally Bethesda hasn't been all up on shitty DLC, so it may be possible to advance without dropping tons of cash.
People are claiming his eyes change color before the shot goes to black. Which they don't.
Well I think what you're thinking of is when Bran goes into his Warg mode or when someone becomes a White Walker, the eyes change. I think alot of people thought maybe his eyes would change color as he either Wargs into ghost, or returns as the undead. But yeah neither of them happened.
The queen exists but it's not a monarchy. It's for show. They hold no power.
The only two explanations I have heard are that it was done to either confuse Calvary, who couldn't tell where the head started, and the one that makes sense, it's to keep people from running up behind them and strangling them to death with their own hat. You see the same things in courtrooms and among law enforcement, they wear clip on ties to keep people from strangling them.
Yeah that would work. Blizzard does do it that way with Hearthstone, but unfortunately you can't get the 40 something cards from the two expansions in regular packs you buy with gold. You *have* to buy the expansions to get them. And they're so overpowered you languish around at level 20-17 before hitting the pay-fors and losing 6 in a row back to level 19 and starting all over again.
The match is obviously going to take place at Battleground.
This wasn't happening before the update.
I've had him 2/3, absolutely dominated the first time and got my ass kicked the second.
Nef - ***1-1*** Rag - ***0-1***
Really? I wasn't aware of that. Well, I still think it's meant to just be a fun smash.
This deck in Brawl has inspired me to branch out after playing as Hunter since I started. I guess I just felt intimidated before.
I haven't played it yet. Is the Brawl card 0 mana?
Negative. When I woke up yesterday I was convinced Nef was more powerful. Now it's easy as pie. http://imgur.com/a/qkIYw
Let me know when y'all start doing Hearthstone
I know at Icy Vein you can filter by expansion. As far as apps I use Hearthbase, but it doesn't have the feature you spoke of.
I play exclusively from my Note 3 and have only froze up once or twice, and maybe got kicked off 2 games out of over 100. What kind of phone do you have?
It sucks when that happens. But honestly my last 6 games I've had *way* better luck with Rag. As long as you can get past the first few turns you'll be OK. I'm beginning to prefer him. http://imgur.com/KUaH7Gh
I would have just tapped instantly. There's no shame in that, save yourself the pain. His arm is like a fucking jackhammer.
I get the opposite, just got Nef 4 times in a row, but I lose with him constantly. I'm much more comfortable with Rad.
I can tell you just by my facebook feed when the movie was coming out, these stories appeal to the stupidest, trashiest people on earth.
Don't worry about it. /u/thegreatdave is just some guy who goes around pretending to be a copyright attorney.
I know you can whenever. I just say it's worth it to let them get the hit. It's a tip of the hat. Besides, I don't see how it's any more painful than conceding. A loss is a loss.
It's like the Sith and the rule of two. If the apprentice can't beat the master or perform in a way he sees fit, he is killed.
Affleck is like twice as large as that Batman.
Because however you feel there are people who feel the polar opposite. I voted for him, twice, and I'd do it again.
Elisa Lam. You forgot the best part, her name is also the name for the Tuberculosis test and there was a TB outbreak in the area right around the time of her death. Also the video where she's stroking an invisible demon in the elevator. Nothing in life has creeped me out more than that video.
What if I told you there were always pedophiles on planet earth, and that there are less instances of abuse now than in any other time in history, you just have access to technology that allows you to hear about it.
For the.. republic?
My highest rated comment on /MorbidReality is about them using the flash with the lens cap on to be able to see in the darkness. I also wondered if the dark photos were timestamped and how long after the initial disappearance they were taken.
Perhaps they went to the island that a year later had a massive influx of pale-skinned blonde haired Indian babies. Not to mention they pretty much left a note.
Not soon enough. I'm already getting tired of winning 3 in a row then losing 6 with my Hunter deck with two high manes and a Cairne. End my suffering.
I'm on a 3 as well. If you hover the stylus or tap and hold over the question mark above the hero, it shows the secret. I'm not sure what he's referring to.
That would have worked if he didn't demolish Bray at Mania, along with all the buildup.
It was actually a day and x hours yesterday, they just don't have the hours listed along with the full days
Get the expansion. You can't do shit without those cards.
Obviously they changed their minds. The rich don't mind bending over backwards to placate other 1%ers. If that had been some shmo complaining, with the same number of upvotes, Apple would have been silent.
Of course the rich have to continue gouging us for money. They are rich because of the consumer (us) and need to find new and interesting ways to get our money to support the lavish, disgusting, expensive lifestyles they've adopted to not have to mingle with the commoners.
I never liked them very much but I always loved the concept, and they also looked really cool at the time, like something from the future but not quite minority report future.
House shows are used to get in dry runs of shit that happens on TV, and also to gauge reaction to intended storylines. Want to make Ambrose champion? Have him win the belt at a house show first to make sure people don't boo him. Gonna try a last second run in or some crazy shit that requires perfect timing? Do it a few times at some house shows. They also give mat time to people who don't make it on the TV shows. Have you ever really looked at the roster? It's massive. You don't see 75-80% of them on TV, ever. They're there for house shows. Alot of them wouldn't have a job if not for house shows. And if you think there are botches and odd moments that don't quite flow on the live show *now*, wait until they don't have an opportunity to practice it.
Ugh. They should have kept going with what they already had with the most recent movie, the cast was great and the movies were good. It doesn't need another fucking reboot. Plus this dude looks like he's 12.
Thank you (:
I agree with you that they can be. I just feel at a large disadvantage because I have none of the expansion cards. Even normal ranked or casual play is just dissapointing because I can't get anywhere.
And I was just complaining about only getting one legendary out of about 8 packs purchased sinceI started playing. 3 off of 60+ packs is fucking shitty. I honestly expected that number to be way higher.
Very good point. I just posted earlier today about feeling at a huge disadvantage for not having got BRM or Nax yet. It's pointless to play Ranked, even level 21's have webspinners and abusive sergeants, there's no way to keep up. That's one of the reasons I fell in love with Tavern Brawl. Everyone was equal and it was a feeling I hadn't experienced before in this game. It made it so much more fun, it was like the first time I played all over again. I played over 40 times and had 30 wins. Since it closed I may have played 4 or 5 regular Ranked games. The feeling of fun I had in Brawl is replaced by dread because I know there's no point since I don't have the needed cards.
Damn. Seems stingy of blizzard. How does the game choose what packs you get and what cards are in them? Are all the packs pre-made and lined up, and they go out in order one by one and it just depends on when you clicked "purchase"?
Yeah uhhhh, no thanks. This is fucking retarded.
Exactly. If I can't win against pay to players normally I won't be able to do it with the addition of stupid fucking bananas. I'm more upset with myself for looking forward to this for 3 days.
Seems if it was a 100% F2P game you'd have a point. People have sunk hundreds of dollars into this game, they can complain all they want. Its a product. Product reviews exist. I'm complaining because I unfortunately have decided to not play anymore until I can afford both expansions. Tavern Brawl last week brought me back because it was even Stevens. There's nothing Stevens about this Brawl. Nothing.
As in next weeks? Yes, because the banana ones sucks ass.
I think those of us with weak collections/no expansions got a massive high off brawl last week. That's the only way I can describe it. High on the awesomeness of not losing every time to pay cards. I'll hold my 30 wins up as the greatest time Ive had in this game, ever. So it ends, back to trudging around level 20 with my basic cards and hoping for another awesome, fun filled 4 days only to find out they aren't going to be fun. It's a huge letdown. I understand people being upset because an even game with even decks that alternate is the only way to have a true competition when you're missing so many cards, because you sure as hell aren't gonna have one without the expansions. Edit: FYI, I didn't downvote you, people in this forum use it as a "Disagree" button. Ridiculous.
Or literally any Gas Station or store that sells soda?
Traitors? Hardly.
People with PCs are upset because their special machines didn't get a good port. It's amazing on my PS4
Because you'll get the codes a month later for free anyways.
Sounds like something an idiot would run his mouth about but never in a million years have the balls to attempt
Especially now that they've finally gotten their precious simultaneous releases at the same time the console version comes out. Now the only thing they had to cling to to make them feel superior is gone. Enjoy your broken game, losers.
By the definition of Nature humans are the most un-natural things on earth. &gt;the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.
You just made one more list.
Nice try, al-Baghdadi
Bullshit. If "faster, cleaner, cheaper, easier" doesn't fall under your definition of more effecient then I don't know what to tell you.
That might save Uber money but that isn''t behind their rise. The "easy, cheap, clean, fast" is behind their rise. Even if that is the reason, so what? Times change, and traditional taxis are on the way out. And they know it, that's why they're acting like cornered dogs.
He's an ASS. I've seen people propose ideas or some such to him and he just shuts them down with this pompous attitude, "Well, that *would* have been a good idea 1000 years ago". Fuck you, Tyson.
That is absolutely the opposite of famous.
"Somewhat notorious on Vine"
Don't know why everyone is tripping about the hour count. I had over 180 on FFX.
No one voted on it per se. Rich republicans think they can somehow repeal it or "cancel" it because it hurts their pockets. Never gonna happen. They challenged it in court and that didn't work.
It's not free if your state didn't take the subsidies from the feds, which most states with Republican government did not. If your state didn't accept the subsidies then your plan isn't free like it should be. Also. If your state didn't accept the subsidies then you are exempt from the penalty. So I'm not sure what he's talking about.
I was thinking about what kind of combos I could make with Scavenger Hyenas. I didn't even think about Unleash. If you had two hyenas out and lost 3 hounds off a Unleash, they'd each be 8/8 that's really not bad at all! That's like dropping 3 Houndmasters on *each* of the Hyenas, which would be 24 Mana versus just 3 on the Hound drop. Damn.
Yeah, probably 7 of my last ten games were against mages. I haven't had any problem at all, but the changes I made make me weak to Druid. Fortunately not many people play him.
I'm pretty sure you're not alone. This Brawl sucked. I'm sure Blizzard will notice when they see an 80% drop in play compared to last weeks brawl. Don't feel bad about the downvotes. Pretty much any post that's not actively sucking the games dick gets downvoted.
Congrats! I seem to get cards for literally every class except the ones I play.
After you burn the first the second burn is cut in half.
Is there a video perhaps?
You're delusional if you think the WWE doesn't regularly peruse fan hangouts online for ideas. I've seen it happen several times. The Angle milk truck idea for one.
Legendaries are pretty easily dealt with.
I prefer the coin. My deck plays out alot better if I can keep a minion on the board until turn 3/4
I mean... Did you want a rule where each player can ban one card? He lucked out, I'm surprised it's going with Paladin.
Untrue. Those size bags of Cheetos contain alot of fucking Cheetos. It's not like a grab bag of Lays.
I think it's humorous how all of sudden people are coming out of the woodwork agreeing that it sucked now that he basically said it was pointless
Nah, someone else already said it, but they only get one shot. They go straight for the sword arm in the next battle. And rip it off. They have memories from other beasts that came before them.
You're getting downvotes because we hate new players. Hate.
I'd bone the fuck out of her.
How is this guy looked upon by the community? This is the first time I've checked out his channel but I've heard his name mentioned before. What do you guys think? Any truth to his theory?
He seems extremly sarcastic but yeah I could not tell, especially after watching his other videos, he kind of seems like a douchebag to people who are just starting out or might not be as good as him
I used to encounter him quite often so I was running 2 BGH's. Lately I haven't seen him much so I'm thinking about dropping them both because I run 2 Hunters Marks and the BGH's take up valuable space I really need. It sucks when someone drops a 7+ on you and you don't have him though.
Probably lots of Dominion forces in the area.
I believe there is a level of respect for this match because it was something that shocked the hell out of people and wasn't from an overused trope. CZW builds their entire brand around ridiculously over the top shit, so it becomes normal, something you expect to see every time.
A private corporation can do whatever they want with their property (barring any contractual obligations). No one is censoring what he said. You have free speech, but that doesn't mean you're free from people realizing you're an idiot.
&gt;(the right had long become tolerant of that) Bullshit. Appealing to batshit crazy religious zealots is the only way the right can pull an election now days. They are as far from tolerant as you could possibly be.
Luck can screw you over in a way. I made some changes to my deck recently thanks to some sage-like advice I got on here. I mean I only changed 3 cards. All of a sudden I got 12 wins in a row and went from level 20 to 14. It was insane. I was getting kill commands when all I had was an unleash the hounds in hand while the opponent had 5 health and 3 minions and one was a sludge belcher, or other ridiculous draws of pure luck. Well once the luck runs out you sure experience a hard fall. I'm still at level 15 but I'm barely holding on. This is with no legendary and no expansion.
They appear to be in some sort of crude ordering system of "oldest to the right". So you'd start with the one second from the right. This makes the oldest one question whether she still has "it", and will become jealous, and do anything to gain your attention and one up her sister. Then you just move on down the line, by the time you reach the youngest she will be of age, and the father long since dead from a broken heart.
If you have that many daughters and you don't have the presence of mind to corral them with birth control you're gonna have a bad time.
I can't imagine many people caring about you dying with that attitude
The only good thing about this is that maybe we will get a sweet Nova documentary about it like the one about the [Air France](http://youtu.be/AlUaKOo3crQ) crash.
Sure, a "fire"
Courtney is still working on it.
It can easily carry 92 people (passengers) plus crew. That's not a big stretch or abnormal.
This is incorrect. With proper maintenance the only thing keeping any plane from flying forever is the lack of people to fly it.
Sally Ride died of pancreatic cancer that day. Edit: ITT - wrestling fans hate space travel, hate women in space even more.
People don't like to think that they're special little guy is responsible for shit ratings. I just don't care about anyone. Maybe Ambrose. I honestly forgot Raw was even on last night, and that's saying something.
"But.. but...network subscribers!"
Others might say "The face is the place"
That's not how T-Mobile works. You're unlimited on calls and texts. You then choose a data plan. If you get 2GB you get 4G for the 2 then you're bumped down for anything after. If you go unlimited data when you select a data plan, it means unlimited.
I invented Chillax and no one believes me.
Chase does but you may need an account there. If you don't want to walk around with it go to CVS and get a Serve card, make sure you make an actual account online. If you lose the card you just cancel it and keep your money.
Trying to cash in on that Amy Schumer vibe with the whore that's not funny but we pretend she is because haha oh wow! Whores!
They only need a handful of these "Whales", some who drop upwards of $50,000 on these games, to stay in business.
This text must be you trying to justify this to yourself because I assure you you aren't convincing anyone else.
What's [the name changed just enough] doing in the Impact Zone?!!
Tatum is Gambit, not sure about the other 2.
Yeah, I totally agree that's where it stands. I'm just really skeptical about the good story part. There are a ton of them flying around but they haven't even built anything up besides Roman vs Whoever and Ambrose/Owens. Rollins and HHH could tell a really amazing story, both of them are great, so long as their hands don't get tied. I assume Vince will let HHH run that angle, he seems to be about the only other person he truly trusts from a creative standpoint. Maybe they will end up stealing the show. Is Sting done for good because of that injury?
He talks about them being his Dead Man's Switch for like 10 minutes straight in the Sirius Documentary on Netflix.
Don't forget No Sting No Rock
RemindMe! 365 days "Are you still watching Raw? Hope it doesn't suck. Sincerely - your past self"
I honestly don't think so. Maybe 20%, and that's being really generous.
The Rock is filming a big time movie at the same time as WM. He won't be wrestling due to possible injury, maybe he could do a special ref spot.
I honestly don't think he would do that. 50 Million is peanuts compared to the kind of cash having a solid relationship with a studio like Paramount can bring in over a lifetime. I also doubt they would leave it up to chance, Im assuming him not being able to is contractual.
I've had the network for a year and honest to God have only watched 3 PPVs on it, nothing else. I'm not broke enough to deal with unsubscribing.
You could land on Mars next step if you actually truly *believed* it. It's just near impossible to do that because you "know" you can't. I have a personal theory that Jesus and other miracle makers were regular humans with a super advanced understanding of these concepts.
Prequel comic book series.
Because the Foreign Press Association hosts the ceremomy...
I haven't told anyone. I just think it's odd how people keep saying "in 6 months no one will like it" when plenty don't like it now.
Goofy contraptions that are pure comic relief. Not comparable. You don't know much about Chinese culture.
We are told that it basically is and the Royals are like famous people everyone as a group collectively decides to fawn over for no reaaon. Is that not true?
Interesting, I didn't kmow. Absolutely ridiculous it is, if you ask me.
I'm a pretty normal every day man and my wife isnt an insufferable cunt.
All the Bajorans had left, the only students left were Jake, Nog, and a handful of empty chairs.
I'm 32. I don't like kids, or this "oh its a shame these animals aren't being abused for my families entertainment" attitude you have.
Did you know Hardcore Holly almost had a SpaceMAN gimmick, complete with a monkey sidekick?
If every post had to be unique or interesting each thread would get about 2 comments...
If you mean "take" in the biblical sense, obviously you're right. If I had to pick between two newsletters, one written by Dave, one by Sasha, I'd pick Dave.
The dark corner, random, unheard of Fetishes side is good to. They also have good Hotwife and Cuckold atuff.
More like: &gt;More like: &gt; &gt;Meltzer: Sasha is injured &gt; &gt;Sasha: wat? I wonder who is blabbing. &gt; &gt;All: Hey! Meltzer said Sasha's injured, so she MUST be injured. &gt; &gt;Sasha: get a life. I don't want to be the next D-Bry. "An injury prone performer". Better play if off. &gt; &gt;Basically that. FTFY
Aw man, I ruined it :(
Tila Tequila is crazy enough to pull this off perfectly.
That is amazing. I'd die.
What about opiate based painkillers and weed?
It's just that guy you replied to downvoting you. I was gonna say the EXACT same thing but figured it was obvious. But yeah, you're 100% right.
What a fucking vag. No one cares except a handful of ultra-rich black celebrities.
It was an oversized load. This was his escort. There is always at least one in the back, sometimes one in the front as well.
It's not very sustainable and most of the time they use food with hormones and shit in it to make it profitable.
Snow White and The Huntsman? Shrek? An episode of Once Upon a Time?
Strange Magic.
Uncle is a senator, whole family is loaded. Rich people by their offspring fame, just look at Taylor Swift.
Also it sets it in as a "tradition". Kind of how LotR became Christmas movies for many, or what ABC Family did to Harry Potter and Christmas.
Walmart is the kind of place where it doesn't matter what anyone thinks because you are rarely working right beside someone. I worked the meat department and it was cake. The other guys were cool. People have lives outside of work. If someone left early then so what? Wish I had thought of it.
I don't remember that but it sounds absolutely ridiculous. Do you have any more info?
I went to private Catholic achool. I'd fuck that goon in the ass for talking to me like that.
What's JT Enuffe doing in the Impact Zone?!?!
Because it isn't official and is rumor/conjecture, so its not spoiling anything.
Watch any of those old football guys who have been concussed a ton. They can't form sentences either.
Although generally you get the cheaper price if you use a gift card. Here its 10 cents off the normal price.
Me and my friend Brett used to take Xanax and play for hours. I LOVED the look SCSA would give the opponents as they entered. They did an amazing job of pulling off that classic "big match" feel.
Nope. Science all you want, but 12 years of working in kitchens says you're wrong.
I'm sure on a small scale yes you're right.. If you've never worked in a kitchen you won't understand. There's always ONE guy who acts like the grill will literally fold in half while some other dude is sweating his ass off trying to scrub a solid layer of carbon and 12 hours worth of season off the grill.
Cole said he got eliminated during the brawl outside the ring, when they were attacking Reigns.
That's really not rape. Invasion of privacy, some form of assault yeah. Not rape.
It bothered me, I will say that. I hate that "Divas" title too.
Say bro, a spoilers tag would be nice
The Curb Stomp wasn't banned because of injury. Vince thought Brock looked stupid laying in the ring on all fours waiting to take it. Also the racial connotations with American History X.
"These boys ain't packing duds" - Directed by Bully Ray
https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/34k6rd/backstage_story_on_why_vince_mcmahon_doesnt_like/ The AHX thing is a personal theory that I find extremely plausible.
He said twice now, which means I know he doesn't hit it tonight when I watch Raw on hulu.
You're right for the most part. I know as of a few months ago they do count DVR, Live stream, and Hulu numbers in the official rating.
The witch trials were literally contained to Salem. Literally every witch in America lived there?
This is serious.
If you've seen any deathmatch stuff this isn't comparable. More like WWF Hardcore matches, just extremely cheesy
If you had got in before he had 100 Upvotes, I may have been persuaded. Now I have to downvote you for making me uncomfortable.
He's at the very top separate from the columns. It says Reigns/Charlotte-Both Anyways this is fake I'm pretty sure.
Ah, Whataburger. Fuck going inside. I'll sit in the drive through for 15 mins and enjoys my meal while watching Netflix instead of the hoard of drunks that end up there every night.
Couldn't wait to get off work to watch it. About halfway through. Crazy stuff man. I know how it goes. DDP is a fucking saint.
Considering it's been featured in multiple episodes of Law and Order over the years the jury pool must be pretty thin.
Because they can't force that into their paradigm.
Hence the term shuttle.
The TV feeds the network. There's only so large a pool of people "in the know" or that have a familiarity with the product. You need new pools.
Enough people that USA pays WWE close to 150 Million for both shows.
Thanks for the advice! Honestly the addiction isn't too bad at this point I actually enjoy the stress-free environment. I didn't know what that was until I was waking up every morning worrying about where I was gonna get some pills that day. When I said the thing about trusting him with my life well, it was more just to prove a point to her. I think she was thinking along the lines of it just being a money grab and I meant that I don't think DDP woukd feign interest in helping people get fit just to make money. He just doesn't seem like that type of guy. She's a great girl. She watches with me and asks questions but really doesn't know the history like we do. How much of it is genuine interest I guess I'll never know haha. There's a 24hour fitness place right near my work and since I'm already there when I leave I was planning on signing up there. I'm glad you found the program helpful I'll try to keep you posted on my progress.
That's awesome! I have a Samsung but perhaps a droid version is on the way! I will email the developer and ask them.
The count DVRs, Hulu, and Netflix as of about 5 months ago. They take HUGE pains to make sure every group is well represented which is why they are still such a big deal. It's not like they set up a tent and hand out boxes to passerby.
A Nielsen family usually has a TV in each room (kids/adults/family room). The adults log what they are watching and who is watching it, or if they're watching together. The kids can too, depending on their age, or attentive parents could do it for them. If it's just a single person obviously they know if the views for that box are male or female.
Well it is up to each person I guess. I'm sure there's a slight margin of error but I don't think the way they do it is just straight views. Like one person watching doesn't count as a digit of 1 in the final score. They use some sort of algorithm. I just feel like people act like they don't matter when obviously they do or they wouldnt be a thing these billion dollar corporations care about. I'm sure there is some slight leeway given for streams that aren't counted, but it's probably fairly accurate as far as eyes on actual televisions.
The DNC doesn't have a say in national election laws...
I don't think it's that no one believes him. Its just a pretty big leap to assume whats left of the facility tells all about its true purpose. Even if you go with it, it cant do these things, no wonder they left. It cant do what it was built for, or to out in the open.
Laveyism. Hate to break it to you.
I think there's a handful, but it's typical primtime mainstream over the air crap.
Like I said its some crap I never watch. Like two shows. How to get away with murder and something else. That's not really what I watch on Hulu...
God isnt your personal bodyguard. Just like he isn't your investment banker.
Was that really 2 years ago? I swear it feels like 6 months... I feel like the OP has a decent point, but wouldn't the implication be people are MORE apt to follow something if it already appears to be popular. It's the same old game. We already know the first 5 minutes are the most important as far as Up/Downs determining visibility. Would be very easy to ensure certain things get to the top.
Yeah that's true. I dont remember that scene, I'll have to check again. Also the prized girls write "Our sons will not be War Lords", so I was wondering if there was an actual difference. Rictus doesn't seem any more in charge than the Guitar Guy or Organic Mechanic, except having access to Joe directly.
The Chinese government typically only allows a handful of American made movies in every year. We're talking Transformers, Avengers, huge blockbusters. I dont think part 1 did well enough to warrant them wasting one of their movie releases on anything but a garunteed hit.
It's not bullshit. It's extremely well known and was even the subject of a 60 minutes investigation. The story is 100% legit. They refer to the briefcase with the codes as the football or biscuit.
I think it's bullshit. She's just really hardbody.
Barrets popularity was contained to this sub. I know you guys liked him, but he's on Sheamus/Uso/New Day level for me. I can't make myself care.
You called it? Go back and check the old sticky thread about Brock and count out the 200 people who said the same thing.
Non famous humans would be told to stfu by their boss and continue working normally.
Played. We don't build things here, ever.
TIL Vince is Immortan Joe.
I'm not sure if you remember but does that one video where the lady yells out "Jesus Fucking Christ!!" from the office across the way show the actual plane or just the explosion?
What the fuck does "unofficial" mean in this case? What makes a poll "official"? It means fraud because the majority of people dont lie on exit polls, and if they're off by more than 3 points or so somebody fucked up somewhere.
I think it's that this particular company/pollster is touted as nailing it pretty often, if not always. Most polls aren't going to have a 15% margin of error, and that's not what is being said here. There is a discrepancy of 15% between the polls and the actual vote, there isn't a poll being referenced here that has that error margin. It's pretty much unheard of. Even 5% error margin is really high.
Me and my wife finally got ours on the 1st. Our previous asshole governor refused the money in an attempt to make Obama look bad, fortunately no one fell for it. I was actually able to go to a regular doctor for the first time in 8 years. Felt pretty nice to be a regular person.
I don't understand who dodged the bullet... What kind of asshole leaves their soon to be hopefully wife over a narcotic addiction. Get real.
Combat situation = people dying. When people die you need replacements. Replacements come from people seeing cool shit, which is why these teams exist. They aren't flying bombing missions, they're near retirement and that's all they do.
These pilots aren't flying combat missions.... Ever.
How can something be infinite though. It's like, tangible. It has to end somewhere.
Black as in the absence of light...
Genocide means killing a certain race or ethnic group. Khan hated all races and all ethnic groups that weren't genetically modified, like him and his crew. If you weren't a superhuman you weren't a human. That's what the Eugenics War was all about.
No. Khan didn't care about race or ethnicity, the exact opposite of the word genocide.
I guess super-genocide is an acceptable term.
And that's important, because as a superman Kahn takes all the steps.
Kind of sounds like Brock is offering him a couple Xanax lol
TIL that's who sings that song I've seen in ads, movies, and TV shows
None unfortunately, been pill free for quite some time.
.....the article is literally a transcript of that episode.
The book was published. It had a forward by Goldman's father and the title was changed to "I Did It".
I know that's a popular theory but I'm not 100% sure Miller actually said that himself. I distinctly remember an interview with him talking about how even he doesn't know where this movie fits in with the timeline. I'm not saying he doesn't or wouldn't like the idea though.
How is it not arousing? I love it. And obviously Millions of others do are the porn wouldn't be so prolific.
Slippery slope fallacy. Try again.
Yes, every girls first time that doesn't go down like a Cohen brothers directed porn is actually being raped. You're 100% right.
Except its consenting fantasy between two adults, therefore not rape. Are we banning blockbuster movies that depict murder as well?
Maybe have a beer and a smoke or something.
Has she ever talked about these weird baby related themes she keeps using? Is it supposed to be like her being rebirthed as a slut because now that she's over 18 and kind of a joke she started having to do...a little more *work*?
Blacks also sold other blacks for trinkets to slave traders.
I felt bad after reading the article now I find out he's a God damn antisemite?
I don't mind simple ads, like those YouTube ads for the Samsung VR headset. It's simple, short, and shows you what it is without anyone even saying a word. I hate these commercials that try to have a story. I also really hate this "retarded dad, genius mom" trope that broadcast TV/ads have been stuck on since the Simpson's debuted.
True but also weird is that the day after this interview was filmed he made a "new friend" no one had ever seen before, went out drinking with him, then fell asleep on some tracks and got run over by a train. Quite a coincidence.
You're probably right. That's not really in my frame of reference since it was 40 years before I was born. I have seen the show, he's not really a dumbass like Homer is sometimes, more like he's got some anger problems.
It's a remix of a Wiz Khalifa song, he was also at the reveal.
Hah! Good one
https://i.imgur.com/ngsrV9u.png Yeah. It was aaaaall just one rogue mod. More like one sacrificial goat.
Haha now that you mention it it really looks like the Freemason compass.
I never really understood the tanning thing. I find fair skinned chicks very beautiful. So yeah, continue not being leather.
I guess in a lesser game he would have made contact because the hitbox usually extends slightly out, like a bubble suit.
Basic Income implemented in America
I was actually thinking about that earlier. I just don't think he has it in him. Even if you disagree with his policies I'm sure there's no one as honest as him in Washington.
I doubt high end places will ever be automated. I also feel that there will be quite a sizeable market for "we still use real people!" type campaigns.
&gt;Couldn't possible mean Ambrose is just as big a ticket as those other 3 guys? That's the problem I think. The biggest draw should be the Champ.
It was reported that Vince chose the opponent based only on his W-L record, that was part of the deal.
I despise those two games you mentioned but MGS2 is easily my most favorite game of all time. It's like Apples and Oranges.
I think you're missing the point. These barge landings are just experimental.
https://youtu.be/lG_OezlTZ1A
I guess that makes more sense. Anything that keeps away this huge waste of construction every two years.
Defoe is amazing. The movie is called "Boondock Saints", it's an awesome movie. People seem to either love it or hate it.
Crowd is as bored as we are.
Definite possibility
Yeah, he was pretty much the reason why I stopped watching, or should I say never came back until recently. I first got cable around 98 and watched consistently until at least when I started FullSail around late 2002. I didn't have time with moving to a new city, meeting people, starting school, all that jazz. So basically I left off shortly after WM18 I think it was, and come back to this absolute buffoonery. I didn't even question it, I just remember I despised it.
Thanks for doing these, they're great! Only other time I've enjoyed posts here as much as these is when the weekly Pro Wrestling Stories thread was being posted (before he started the website)
Yeah, I believe it's prowrestlingstories.com
Hi! We actually conversed once before I believe, the day you launched the site. I still go every so often and catch up, the write ups are really great.
His wrestling gear is actually a tribute to the one Schultz wore for Foxcatcher.
His wrestling gear was actually a tribute to the one Schultz wore for Foxcatcher.
Where you from, Cajun? I'm from Laffy.
Same here! Small world.
That's actually not true. As of about 6 months ago Hulu views are counted.
In the YouTube video if you click the white Forward arrow in the upper right you'll get an option to copy a shortlink. They're more manageable. https://youtu.be/D-bL-7uCDyw
Then sign up for the Ad free Hulu for an extra $1 a week like everyone else and quit complaining.
Mass exodus of attitude era casuals, Vince sees it and thinks its the talent and not the product. None of these guys were that great anyways. I truly believe Carlito hurt the company more than anyone in this current era, Reigns included. Kennedy was supposed to go over huge, got busted for drugs, that was that. Other guys were destined for the midcard since day 1
I don't have a long technical reason. I tried explaining it to someone on here the other day. &gt;Yeah, he was pretty much the reason why I stopped watching, or should I say never came back until recently. I first got cable around 98 and watched consistently until at least when I started FullSail around late 2002. I didn't have time with moving to a new city, meeting people, starting school, all that jazz. So basically I left off shortly after WM18 I think it was, and come back to this absolute buffoonery. I didn't even question it, I just remember I despised it.
Possible. If alot of people liked him that's cool, just not something I was remotely interested in.
They're aware, they just basically all read off the same script given to them by the Associated Press.
Also to note only something around 50% turnout in Scotland.
But what if the rumor is that he isn't coming back, and you're the one getting played?
Welcome to daily life as American. Well, minus the "first time" part.
Not really. Many democratic nations have majority votes that require a wider margin than one vote. Senatorial runoffs in the US are another example.
&gt;Not that women couldn't have done it too Women can't properly participate in actual combat NOW, much less 70 years ago. Just not fit for it, unfortunately.
Got all my information and ID cards in the mail a day or two ago. Really excited (:
I'm starting to get a weird feeling about this alleged Draft. I know we know Smackdown is going live, but has WWE said ANYTHING about a brand split yet?
Yeah, totally fucked up my two female cousins because their mom decided to marry one of those stupid loons.
Me: Haha, angelfire, I remember that, didn't know it was still around "connection error, angelfire.com failed to connect" Haha, angelfire.
You know Austin had the beer truck and Angle did a play on it using milk huh?
Haha damn man, brings me back
What state are you guys in where you can't drink in public? I'm honestly curious. Here you can drink whatever you want as long as its not in a styrofoam cup with a straw and lid (I don't know why that's the law, it just is)
If you're already in Hawaii you may as well just go to Japan and finish it off. Geographically I can see why WWE has it that way.
