my family is from india. over there most girls using the trains avoid makeup, perfume and nice clothes to save themselves the hassle of attracting anybody's attention. these slutwalk and femen "protests" aimed at democratic and correctly policed societies seem to be more of a social gathering than "fighting" for any cause - you don't realise how good we have it that most people in our society already stand against violence towards women. in india there is a literal shortage of women, because many would-be baby girls are aborted by families rejecting anything other than boys. i spit on your pretentiousness, showing your tits and calling it feminism...
the idea of jailbreaking is freedom. freedom to do whatever the fuck i want with my device. whether apple integrates/steals features into the next ios (which can be nice if done well), or not, i won't give a fuck as long as tweaks like "20 second lockscreen" continue to work on MY device. i have zero loyalty to apple, android, windows, anybody else - i like and buy what i deem appropriate to me. i am, however, loyal and very grateful to developers who put out cool little tweaks and apps, and i pick and choose and install things that make MY device more MINE. deviated from point. if a tweak i've used has been integrated, to me it only makes sense because it's such a wonderful and useful tweak; but if there is no recognition, it doesn't seem fair to the developer. i'll go on to use the ios without that particular tweak, but that developer won't have any incentive to keep innovating and coming up with new tweaks, might just feel the opposite way and quit or jump to another platform. the apple community in general is filled with self-righteous and bigoted idiots, who reveal themselves as über noobs when claiming (with big bold headlines) that apple has 'invented' this or that, because they had never even heard of such a thing from anyone else until they're spoon-fed at an apple conference. in technology, as in most aspects of life, nothing is really new - people today build upon what others accomplished yesterday. sure they can be relative, baby steps or giant leaps forward, but this still holds. to me the most important are the programmers who develop new, useful features, and also hardware engineers that enable such features. to claim their allegiance, like daft zealots such as jobs or gates, is fucking absurd. you develop and grow things either for money and/or for the hell of developing something cool that people are going to use and that might even transform how you do certain things in your daily life. anyways, i've gone on for too long. fuck apple if they don't credit and/or pay jailbreak developers when they integrate their tweaks.
cool dudes, much respect and gratitude
hey, i also wanted to add: if you find that it stops working suddenly one day, without changing anything, it might simply be that your router has assigned your devices a different IP address. to "fix", go into your router's control panel and assign each of your devices a permanent IP address (by entering their MAC addresses). that way everyone will stay put! again, very cool tweak, very grateful, and thanks for the tutorials and tips :)
i think maybe safety in numbers; or you can become friends with your neighbours and take turns or whatever "supervising" (i.e. sit on a bench scrolling through reddit for a couple hours)
indians and daft "traditions" - how about planting 111 pipes for clean water and sewage removal instead? fucking obsession of the indian media to disprove misogyny, because all they care about is not losing face to westerners.
maybe you jaywalk here and there, but the french drive like champions on the highway, vive les autoroutes! (whereas in spain you're hard-pressed to over-take even on a three-lane!)
this is probably based on kate moss right?
lol and ew
omg this is hilarious! it could only be better if you could read the barcode with your phone and it takes you to his youtube channel where he puts up pseudo-fightclub videos
take me to your cash register!
the swedish peace society offers an alternative method to fend off the ruskies - the singing sailor greeting ["this way if you are gay"](http://www.thelocal.se/20150511/singing-sailor-to-scare-russians-in-swedish-waters)
moarrr! you guys are awesome :D
yes: america like statistics, the english like background info, in spain we like fútbol. manda huevos! (funny stand up though :)
i've scrolled through the list of answered questions, and this one seems to be the only one asking about the economist, all the others are either personal or "asking" opinions -__-
this one is my favourite: [the trouble with mergers](http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/images/2014/11/articles/main/20141122_wbp502.jpg) :D
i have to say, though, that latin american commentary is just energy without substance. for most of the world cup i had to stream it illegally, and it was always on espn hispano or whatever. most of the games the guy missed the action until way after it happened on replay. his job seemed to be just to yell out "goool" as stereotypically as possible whilst having zero enthusiasm for the actual game. forget the passing, the steals, the counters, the "caños"... totally uninterested. maybe it's just usa, because americans of all races couldn't really give two shits about soccer :-/
wow. this is just... wow. how did he get..? wow.
psst... you can't (just stop) this...
don't need no fork lift
i say the old fashioned, two single beds and an alarm clock radio in between, is the way forward for you sire
that's crazy, the first thing i thought was "there neeeeds to be a jim carrey gag here!" somebady stahp meeeehhh
that's it, we need to get the band back together, gang! to the shady camper van i say!
this is so god damn cute!
[oh no, it's satan](http://oi62.tinypic.com/2heyd8m.jpg) D:
that's not a house, that's a retired transformer blending in
SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS!
[psychedelic](http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/homertoad_3794.jpg)
masturbating women, on the other hand, should receive GOLD!
yea, it seems all a blur now :-/ although, i remember thinking "i still have questions, but i'm just glad it's over", and not waiting for new episodes, biting my nails for answers, making sense of crap on 4815162342.com, lol
that is soo perfect, classic dad :D
yep, now you're his bitch
as disciple? a continuation of the same style of play edit: if you want to shit on barça for diving, you should direct your hate on suarez or neymar (non-masia, cheque-book hires), and realise that theirs is a tiny fraction of what madrid and other teams are doing (nevermind the whole of south-american "professional" football)
i'd like to see any of your other suggestions for candidates in his position that are cleaner and equally as competent. it's one thing to exaggerate your hurt once you are fouled, another is to flop without contact to get a penalty or dangerous free-kick, like penaldo and peymar. and you will not be able to show me any example of busquets trying to injure an opposing player, the way the madrid defence does when they've given up trying to win and just look for blood
this is so nri indian, omg! i know soo many of these women! they've been imported into a strange country and live only to serve their arranged husband - it is the saddest thing, lawd. they don't drive, care to learn the local language, so forget the tv, going shopping, hell contact with anyone else (especially if there aren't other indians around). the beginning of the movie 'namesake' made a solid caricature. rural indians, man.. edit: i forgot the most important part. they become so dependent on their husband, that they need him around every waking minute. but it's only natural that he can't or has work or just needs a little break, man, and they'll take it as a bad omen, "holy shit it's not the happily ever after from bollywood and mythology of yore!", and they grow bitter, and then fat, then they die from diabetes. what a miserable life i just painted :-/
omg, that was a demo by a representative of this multi-billion company - that shit just made my day :D
yes! it's not a good movie, but the beginning is so eerily true
so much that can break in that room, my brain is short-circuiting
i like your version of history, like it's narrated by tarantino
the labelling is confusing and irrational :-/
i am crying, and my sides hurt. thanks
at least they all have a sense of humour about it :D
i knew i knew her - that's aubrey plaza! from parks and rec and earlier college humor (some time after this)
The rain pelted down. Me and the wife cowered under a newspaper, in the middle of the evening traffic. Not a free cab in sight. We meander further and further down the street, until at last one signals he's stopping. I feel a presence yet again. Not this time! I rush my wife into the taxi. "Where'll it be, mate?", the driver turns round. Jackman.
i am in total and complete disagreement! barcelona would be NOTHING had the olympics not taken place there in 1992, and now people from all corners of the world keep coming in droves. they not only built world class facilities to host the games, but realised and acted on constructing everlasting infrastructure to handle the increased tourism/traffic. one of the greatest accomplishments was revitalising the port olimpic area, which used to be a goddam swamp, with thousands of poor people in ridiculous living conditions, surrounded by heaps of trash. people today cannot believe that the beach used to be a goddam shanty! whatever you will say about corruption cannot detract from the initial wish/vision/desire/hope of both the olympic committee and the fifa bigwigs, that these events would bring a much deserved revitalisation to the "sugar bread mountain" area and other shanties in brazil. but... nothing. complete incompetence. neither will the extreme poor of brazil see benefit, nor will we have that "carnival smile" kind of beautiful event that all of us (that wish only good things for brazilians) expected when we heard it first announced that the canarinha and pelé would host. completely missed opportunity to shine edit: i forgot. the poor people in the shitty areas of bcn were relocated (for free) into industrial type housing in other parts of the city. also remember that spain is very much a socialist country, and since around the entry into the eu there is free healthcare, education, etc. with a marked and proven structural break in development taking place at the end of the 80's (shhh::: because of the olympics!!!!!)
but they could've fixed that. if it weren't for the incompetence of the ruling class, they could have: cleaned the rivers, built useful infrastructure, relocated people in shanties, and generally boost both trade and social development within the country. that's what happened in barcelona. you make a large (no-brainer) investment into your city/country, and reap the rewards for years even after the major event is long gone. so, the problem is not brazil. it's the stupidity with which brazilians have re-elected such an incompetent governance
you're getting lots of downvotes, but i sort of agree with your point. i've made three comments already relating barcelona success story as what i expected for brazil. and i feel the bastard approach they've taken in brazil is the exact opposite of what should have been done. instead of a top-down approach, just pointing the finger and building shit and worrying about who gets the contracts; it should have started with clearing the city of its petty ailments from the bottom up. clean the fucking roads and rivers, pay the people in the favelas to move the fuck out (or literally give them keys to newly built housing), repair and expand the public transport (shit that is the bleeding lifeline to much of the population). case and point is how much brazilians hated the world cup and how much they are complaining about the upcoming olympics. they're not thinking "fuck me, this is gonna make us a shit ton of money!!" - no, they're thinking "fucking rat bastard politicians, robbing us of funding for schools/hospitals, only to put on a show for the world to think we're okay when we're actually dying here!". had brazil stuck to ramen, and goddam basic development economics, they'd have fared much better in the lead up to this otherwise internationally revered event. a wasted opportunity...
for many places the olympics is an economic boost and a rallying point for all facets of society to come together. for brazil, it's a tombstone
they were moved into estates. not the greatest looking, but still infinitely better than the squalor of the shanty town. there is a big debate today about how barcelona was quick to forget the "other city", but the fact remains that the olympics benefitted everyone in this city http://www.ccma.cat/tv3/sales/shantytowns-the-forgotten-city/production/930/ http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/sport/olympics/article3427874.ece
i like your idea about spreading out in time schedule. the spread in location is a logical way of expanding your radar in planning events with ready-made infrastructure across the country instead of just the city. but if instead of just lasting the 2-3 weeks it went on for say a month, it would be a helluva lot less chaotic! and i seriously doubt there would be a complaint either from athletes or fans, heck it would be easier to watch the damn games if you didn't have to choose between 130+ events every goddam day!
i think the utilities might be privatised. regardless, you don't write off that kind of debt, it must come from a budget allocation, which is already under pressure from other groups for social spending and other problems. the whole situation is a damn mess
what? yes it's always been the capital of catalunya, but i don't get your point. being the capital didn't make it the city it is today. there may have been great monuments already in place (forgotten since the dictatorship), but you would not visit this city quite as much if the beach were still full of tattered tents and ragged looking children. don't accuse me of shit you have no fucking clue about, you fucktard
https://youtube.com/watch?v=9JxhTnWrKYs
this guy fucks ... not :-/
within the EU there are no import barriers. what he's complaining is that their non-Euro currency gets devalued against the Euro, which makes the import more expensive. this is in part why they have higher inflation than in western EU countries
i love your website and i use it very often, you guys are doing a great thing!
my favourites: - hardcore lesbian scissoring, up 918% - top pornstar: kim kardashian - holiday that reduced traffic the most in india was brother-sister day/raksha bandan (aww! or, ew?)
mm, wrong sub? spam?
you stole her **thunder!**
that's why, since then, i always close the goddam lid
:-/
yea, let's make this fuck-up about immigrants, again! 'murica!!!
you called me an asshole and are characterising me as mad about 'nothing' - am i the only one with a "narrative"? i am of immigrant descent. it INFLAMES me when people take it that immigrant workers have zero ethics and will bow to any requests by employers.
please, enlighten me, oh beautiful circle-jerker
yes, i'm sure i'm the *only* reason. fuck you
yes, this is exactly what i am accusing you and others of racism. you believe that if an immigrant workers found him/herself in that position - "found a fault that needs immediate repair or people will die, but management might sack me if i say anything" - this immigrant worker would decide "it is better to keep my job, than possibly saving people from dying". i am of immigrant descent, with family all over. i can tell you, if faced with *keep my job* or *save a life*, we are not as fucking DAFT as you accuse us.
yes, again, i understood that line of argument. what i am saying is that the money you earn with "blood on your hands" is not a worthwhile endeavour for immigrants either. you are right to say, (if it is what you are saying), that i can't call that racism - because that's not what it is. i could call it foreigner discrimination or something else, but it is no less belittling in this context. you are also right, (if it is what you are saying), that employer-sponsored visas have a questionable working order. i have my reservations, but i did not give any opinion on its functioning. but i don't think this changes the fundamental humanity of a person hired through such conditions. (this is especially not true of someone that needs a higher education for jobs in engineering). i live in europe, where many of our countries are RIFE with right-wing, isolationist mentality, particularly impregnated since the recession. to me this was yet another example of people pointing their problems at a portion of society that has no role in their tragedy. on the other end of things, (maybe you don't think this is relevant), an immigrant is exactly that, an immigrant. i come here principally to make money and have a better life. if i then have to deal with moral dilemmas and face being kicked out, then fuck it i'll go elsewhere.
thanks for another non-angry, thoughtful comment, but again: i already understood that argument. what i am saying is that it is presumptuous to assume that the immigrant will rather have "blood on his hands" than to get deported. yes, of course he has more to lose than a local, i get it - but he's not automatically deprived of his own morals. please also realise that to do that job in engineering, both the local and the foreigner need to have particular skills that are only gained through expensive, time-intensive higher education. it is inconsistent to think that the foreigner is going to have lesser ethics, when he has probably grown up in similarly middle-class environment and taught enough common sense to put human lives before any order of self-interest. that said, in the world we live in, i'm sure there are more avenues to blow the whistle anonymously would it ever come to that
yes, again, i see, understand and comprehend that argument. of course there is more pressure between losing your job and losing your right to live in this country. however, that is not enough for them to justify "blood on their hands". yes their livelihood is put on the line, but that doesn't mean they weigh it more heavily than the possibility of endangering people's lives. you and the other 2 guys are, (very kindly), trying to say it is "logical" to assume that the immigrant faced with deportation will choose the path of negligence. what i am saying is that if push comes to shove, that immigrant will more than likely choose deportation than knowingly put people's lives in danger. i quote myself from a previous comment: &gt; an immigrant is exactly that, an immigrant. i come here principally to make money and have a better life. if i then have to deal with moral dilemmas and face being kicked out, then fuck it i'll go elsewhere.
man i hope it wasn't too long before they told you otherwise. it was literally the first thing my mom taught me - the left foot rests. who knows, maybe she learnt the hard way too
look man, max verstappen is a great pilot, but i am not trusting him [to drive me to the supermarket!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKhDNNvoBEg)
ya, at least in a manual car the thing will just stall. in an automatic tho x__X
we are both saying the same thing, but you took a different conclusion. you are right that my assumption about the worker's final decision is just as wrong as the assumption of negligence, because in essence the "moral compass" will depend on a person-by-person basis, and not necessarily weighed by the risk of deportation. i am saying that if said negligence were to cost human lives, the immigrant just the same as the local would more likely put his foot down, even if faced with the more dire outlook of deportation. ("it's someone's life for fuck's sake!"). my line of argument is perhaps akin to a vegetarian preferring to go hungry than eat meat, or a pro-lifer saying it is always better to keep a vegetable alive until natural death. but my real argument to the original comment was that putting the spotlight on immigrants and the H1B detracts from the real root of the problem. i quote myself from another comment i just made: &gt; the issue created in this news story, the poor moral judgement of management to not heed the warnings of its engineers, has NOTHING to do with the precarious conditions under which H1B immigrant workers are hired. the problem is corporate social responsibility and accountability; of the inevitability that private companies are at many times in charge of decisions that impact the wider society, without said society having this information (until it's too late). if companies can make these decisions behind closed doors, which is inevitable, the wider society is vulnerable to decisions where people's lives are not weighed quite as heavily in monetary terms. there is a famous case we had in history class, ford pinto's risk/benefit analysis. not only was it morally wrong to assume the company would find it's cheaper to deal with lawsuits from the defective parts that caused the accidents; but they had a spectacular miscalculation in budgeting the lawsuits, and found out the hard way that it was more expensive for ford to do the *wrong* thing. i'll try to find a link
i found that *his* comment was inflammatory! you'd just as easily find that yes-man to be a local than go through the hoops of hiring an H1B! somehow the existence of hiring immigrants through H1B automatically makes it unlikely to *shift the balance*. in this context, the EXISTENCE of an immigrant, that enables that possibility, is at the "root" of anger. yes, only a misguided person would think that, but that's a conclusion you can reach - no immigrants, no problems. i am saying FUCK THAT, and look at the real problem: decisions behind closed doors that affect the larger society at its own cost are very real and dangerous, and the debate here should be about legislation and competent oversight that can prevent senseless deaths worth 90cents
sometimes i find myself with no choice in the vending machine but to buy those lucky strikes in the softer paper package. unless you're a cowboy, you are bound to open it like a bag of crisps, everything popping out :-/
Dancers, Drinkers, and Druggers :-/
give me the sauce!
yes, that is my point exactly. you don't need a compromised immigrant worker just to sign-off on shady work. you can much more easily find a local dumbass to do that exactly, for less money! i implied racism in the original comment because it deflects attention from the real root of the problem which is that large companies like GM are often tasked with big decisions behind closed doors, which can impact society at large without their knowledge. inevitably they will make catastrophic decisions, like valuing the risk of human life lower than the cost of a recall. it has fuck all to do with the immigrant population
[Pornhub 2015 Year in Review](http://www.pornhub.com/insights/pornhub-2015-year-in-review), from /r/dataisbeautiful [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3zvvfa/pornhub_2015_year_in_review/) apparently, this year, it's step-moms!
guys, i found my cousin!
yes, i addressed this in another comment in this thread, you can find it. what i meant and said in my first comment was 'discrimination against immigrants'. it's not exactly racism. my point though was that the added pressure of being hired through h1b doesn't compromise a person's ethics. and that this deflects from the real root of the problem which is that big companies often make decisions behind closed doors that impact the wider society, and frequently make catastrophic decisions where their risk/benefit analyses quantify a human life less expensive than a recall. you can read my other comments, i explain myself like 5 times
wat?
i'm here aren't i ;)
man i was so happy about that :D nobody ever talks straight in these videos
how did you have the foresight to get that prenup? dat shit cray, glad there was a happy ending
god damn it 4chan o_o
i know this is totally unrelated, but i'm gonna ride it anyway... bring back small phones!!! for... "security"!!
haha, my dad *rented* one of those briefcases for awhile - holy blast from the past batman! i recently tried searching for a new "high-specification" phone in small form-factor, and the only decent contender seems to be a sony z5 compact, which is still 4.6". there is practically no hope for an iphone 4 size device :/ (which was the greatest for reading shit in bed single-handed) edit: i think [this was the phone my dad had](http://www.tvfilmprops.co.uk/userdata/PRODPIC-1901.jpg)
this is the original article in spanish: http://deportes.elpais.com/deportes/2016/01/11/actualidad/1452536914_142228.html i am so happy they translated this, and so damn perfectly! goddam onions everywhere!
from the north of scotland all the way down to the italian alps, and back... by bus??!!! [22h drive](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Aosta,+Italy/Skye,+United+Kingdom/@51.631977,0.804992,6z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m2!1m1!1s0x4788ded6c5aff5a7:0x5625987c799cd59b!1m2!1m1!1s0x488c312261bdc1ff:0x585c356fe9c86218!3e0), is already punishing enough without the window smashing!
sincerely, i find it hard to believe there weren't other B players that could have been fired before cantalapiedra. i don't follow the masia very much, but i think that: of the few players that have made it to an A team game, they must have beat their other B-teammates for that privilege. hence it does not make sense to me that there is a continuation of other forward-players, while the TOP GOALSCORER has been fired. does not make any sense to me
you're being pragmatic and optimistic, i hope you're right.
i'd say actually: they always *want* to come back :/ because if they went through the masia it most likely is their dream club, the team they follow on tv, their idols also played here, etc. it's so sad that from day one they enter masia they are told "kid, don't make your expectations too high", because a tiny percentage of them ever end up playing football professionally, let alone reach the first team! this guy touched glory at least 1-2 matches, and now sadly he's shown out through the back door :( it's just very sad, i felt the same way for deulofeu. once they leave, unless they're super good at their new teams like cescs or piqué, they are not that likely to be repurchased. well, now i'm thinking about transfer fees and corruption, and maybe you're right again... bah
that kid took em both like a champ
shelves fired
gawd, this is so real it makes me sad
tl;dr 2 Respected businessman thwarts murder attempts, kills traitorous brother, wife leaves him... still the king.
dammit, you're right :/
tl;dr 3 my son is a fairy, and my daughter like likes my nephew. only one them dies. but she goes on to make cool movies of her own
that's really cool, but maybe drink things with a straw instead? or the most european solution of all - don't drink anything til you get there :/
[i gotchu bro](http://bigstory.ap.org/urn:publicid:ap.org:e74b5dcc0a23425f92bc17971c65e458)
that you, wes anderson????
that island sounds super sweet too
guys, i've been thinking ... i drink water every day, and water drowns people ... i'm slowly killing myself to death!
don vito and the va fangool
i saw that movie because of comments like these with little clips of the one scene with alec baldwin, which is phenomenal. but the rest of the movie is so fucking dull, even the parts with pacino
voltage standards aside, i think USB is showing promise as a universal plug standard. nowadays most hotels and planes have charging ports for small devices. maybe in future it could grow output to power larger devices?
haha, i never thought about it! holy shit, you've made me paranoid now :/ where's that damn tinfoil
http://ronswansonquotes.tumblr.com/post/13763749940/rapl88-ive-cried-twice-in-my-life-once-when
meh, first comment, low effort, i dunno .. thanks for caring haha :D i wholeheartedly agree with the girl, though. feminism is not a synonym of equality, and lately it seems more a cause for reverse sexism
i would press her hard against the desk
i love you guys to pieces :D i laugh every.damn.time i've seen this, always picturing an old timey telephone
W
you know what, if i wasn't such a goddam sexist i wouldn't have frozen feet all fucking winter!
no, sorry. i tried searching, faintly remembering sony, but i can't find that one. however, i just came across the [sony vaio p](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fb/Sony_VAIO_P.jpg) which i remember being almost equally as horrible to use :D
it even came with integrated facebook and google shortcuts, how convenient and foresighted!
new q is a hipster dingus, doesn't even like exploding pens
i didn't like that one, and i thought there was too much damn hype around the release. for me, the simpsons summarise best the daniel craig movies: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xGyaQZfR_Q
thanks, that's fascinating. sorry that i didn't think to google it myself -__- &gt; Variants of it were manufactured from 1920 until **1982**. &gt; Only made obsolete by the electronic variety, it was simple and cheap for the time. i never think about how much the cost of a device influences its demand and innovation/development. i faintly remember my mom being so cross with me that i broke my calculator and needed a replacement. it was only about the equivalent of $40 today, but back when *she* was a kid in the 70s they used to cost much much more.
*ton ¿qué?
that's some varoufakis logic right there
No, he's *Another* One. wait... shit.
man, a good scratch, especially after you're done taking a shit - i mean... omg...
what i find "funny" is that these lawmakers want to outlaw encryption because it's a kind of weapon for criminals - "nevermind the minor privacy violation, it makes us more secure overall" - and yet, banning actual weapons like assault rifles is considered to outweigh the benefit to society. it is more dangerous to allow citizens to have secret messages plotting mass murder, than it is to allow for the sale of weaponry to carry out said mass murder?
maybe also the Fourteenth Amendment: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griswold_v._Connecticut (1965) &gt; Justice Arthur Goldberg and Justice John Marshall Harlan II wrote concurring opinions in which they argued that privacy is protected by the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
where are you? 1960s louisiana?? and yea i agree - better lawyer, better chances. probably helps that guns sell so well, and part of that money pays the lobbying cost. encryption is just lame at turning a profit
that chart doesn't really evidence anything. you could be a gun-store owner, a gun-multinational employee, a resident of a gun-dependent local economy, and still register as an individual member/donation. like an investment, you invest to protect your interests / your livelihood. there is no money to be made with encryption, there is too scant amount of employment, and the whole thing is more an embedded feature than an actual product that you sell for profit. the economics for your argument are just wrong
i think it's silly they want to ban encryption, but i do respect that the guys who'll ban it would have been democratically charged to do so. you're right that if people cared about encryption, no matter if they voted the guys in charge the people would stop the motion going forward with general discontent. i can't think of any state, or any party in any state, that would outright campaign for a gun-ban. it's ballot suicide, because evidently most americans want guns. now, leaving democracy aside, there's a real argument to be made if you carry out a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis. i'm from a country where it was implicitly declared that the expenses derived from gun violence are far greater than the expenses on policing. europe isn't immune from terrorist attacks, but we have exponentially lower levels of "passion crimes" and suicides, simply due to the fact that you can't grab a gun every time you get angry. encryption works in parallel but opposite direction. to make it easier for the police to read your data it also makes it easier for the criminals. the cost from data theft and going back to dinosaur practices just to keep data safe, most likely weighs more than catching a terrorist plot in the act. and get this: it's probably even more expensive in relative terms if the damn terrorists had such a hard time getting a hold of weapons in the first place! what i'm getting at is that all countries to an extent have to value human life, and to me it seems americans are rather undervalued for such a developed country
but why would americans legislate in detriment to american companies? that makes no sense, especially not if it targets the whole industry; who could, as you say, just up and leave so easily. this is shooting your own foot
i don't agree. governments aren't some alien body. they represent the people that voted them in. if you can't trust in that principle, then why believe in democracy at all. might as well shred the constitution and bill of rights too. if you are pro other forms of governance, like communism or dictatorships, that's just another issue of its own
that's just dumb, man. the one thing that matters is money (and the things it can buy). power is a derivative of money. you are definitely less powerful the shittier the country you rule. america is great because of its great riches (and civil liberties that led to such enriching opportunities for its citizens). one of your gems is the silicon valley. you don't piss that away in the name of authoritarianism. somebody at the end of this is going to calculate and weigh it - the cost of human lives lost due to terrorism that could have been spotted by decryption **VS** tax revenues lost from apple and google moving abroad - and it'll turn out it's cheaper that some people get killed (or try and find another way to stop terrorism that isn't quite as costly)
is that on your fone or on pc? check your network settings? idk
what was the actual error message on the pc? have you tried googling that?
he opens his eyes so soft and sparkly.. and then "fuck yeaaaa!!" i love it
this is so beautiful, i'm crying, hahahah :'D
yea, and out of all things, it is meant to sell you a television :D wat
*stencils fired*
just to be clear - you are the guy who made the sony bravia ad?
love is in the air
the tree is a spy
yep, fourth time watching, still snorted
[Spoiler Alert:](/s "he declined every time.") edit: properly tagged
no. i already have figo burnt in my memory
same story :/ after you reinstall and configure all your basic shit, make a system image. at least you'll be covered for the next time this happens *sigh*
how did i misspell three -__-'
agh the good old days with this switcher and zephyr :') alas, i've now become used to Tage + GridSwitcher, and i think i'd miss seeing the app previews even more
belleza gitana intergaláctica
helped me survive uni. that and nutella
[dood](http://www.hfmagazineonline.com/wp-content/uploads/Maurice-Tillet.png) edit: arguing with his [long lost brother](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BACedwYyFQ)
[i gotchu](http://cache2.asset-cache.net/gc/158328189-john-mcafee-tosses-a-frisbee-to-reporters-as-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=IWSAsset&amp;k=2&amp;d=GkZZ8bf5zL1ZiijUmxa7QRSrmq5hzQzGz%2Bz%2Bsr2Lw1zEJrhyuEYexAYO0Bhe7gYmDnP5iLSHqpwwhy%2Bbg%2FklAQ%3D%3D) creepy tagline: &gt; John McAfee tosses a frisbee to reporters as he walks out of the Beacon Hotel where he is staying after arriving last night from Guatemala on December 13, 2012 in Miami Beach, Florida. McAfee is a 'person of interest' in the fatal shooting of his neighbor in Belize and turned up in Guatemala after a month on the run in Belize.
yup: [trail mix](https://youtu.be/WoK9xfTggN0?t=27) [biscuits](https://youtu.be/QLLMTPW9q1s?t=49) [cheese](https://youtu.be/6YfX1IcvQew?t=65) [chocolates](https://youtu.be/ZSbFW_ncldU?t=57)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5yo9daO1ic man, i'm just sitting here salivating
man i just googled "john mcafee frisbee", it's like the first pic. there are waay too many people taking a picture with him, thinking he's some movie star?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gardens_by_the_Bay amazing
you can get a robot: [turn the volume down](https://youtu.be/tvxdOtEDutk?t=11) but as all these guys are saying, maybe in some situation a human is still cheaper (for now). there a big discussions these days about robotics in farming, and how we'll have to re-train hordes of people to do other jobs; so, i wouldn't be surprised if packaging robots also push out humans too (at least low-skill level jobs)
yes, we are destined to be plugged into the matrix and become batteries for our computer overlords.
sure: [butter](https://youtu.be/8CKSk6yF-0E?t=23) [more trail mix](https://youtu.be/-qeRjqGRA1Y?t=80) [airline food trays](https://youtu.be/R1CxP4zypHQ?t=6) [pizza](https://youtu.be/OuHkqaInFhQ?t=4)
not just robots, but this is quite nice /r/mechanical_gifs/
it also helps that i have no life
you're going to hell for this. upvote
me_irl
i could watch this all damn day. get that guy a beer!
that was really quite sweet :D as if with child-like naivety "did you really get that? i hit it pretty hard! what? how? bro, what a catch! oh, i lost :/"
haha, i loved that show. kids these days have it good, if they so choose - quick search and they get it on demand, any time, under blankets and all
one day there will be a site that agglomerates the final price, like a google shopping, and puts them to fucking shame
i second this - get the network drivers just in case. as long as you have internet connection, everything else can be downloaded if windows doesn't install it itself
fucking knockers
i wonder how fast i'd become president running on the single promise of fast, cheap, ubiquitous broadband
i don't understand what you're saying. the public insurance option has effectively made all private options more competitive. furthermore, practically all options make you pay less in events of co-pay, not to mention that they cannot reject you on "pre-existing conditions" nonsense. i'm not american, so i don't understand how any of this would raise "health costs", that idea is counter-intuitive
oui oui, non nooon, SACRE BLEU MONSIEUR!
you are correct in saying that more insured people would incur more medical costs for the insurance company, especially if we assume that copays are not increased. however, i thought that the logic behind introducing the govt option was that it is now mandatory for people to have insurance (or pay a penalty that offsets). more people paying insurance should (hopefully) offset the cost of insurers having to pay for more treatments. this of course takes the notion that relatively more healthy people are joining the insurance circle than unhealthy people - which, personally, i think is completely logical. that's how it works this side of the pond with "universal" healthcare
i replied to a similar comment just now. i think the logic/solution of rising insured peopled and rising costs to insurance companies, is that now everyone is forced to buy insurance (or pay a penalty that offsets). this last bit depends intrinsically on the assumption that there are relatively many more healthy people buying insurance that unhealthy
yes, and actually that's much smarter! i was just doing it on the pc as i was saving them to my hard drive. i just checked with iFile - it takes a few extra taps to see the pic, but you don't need a computer
that's my point, the left-over pics/videos are not in another folder. the 10*x*Apple folders are where the pics in your Photos app are saved. when i went through these folders, i was surprised to find MANY more pics than what i see in my Photos app. these left-over pics are ones i had deleted a long while ago, but actually they haven't been deleted properly. it's really time-consuming if you have a lot of files, because with only a random filename it's impossible to know what pics are not in your Photos app (i.e. left-overs) - you have to open each file, see the picture and check whether it's a photo you've kept or one that never got deleted properly
yea, maybe i'll wait for ios10 jailbreak :/ if you can, please check one thing for me: the total number of photos in your Photos app vs total files in your 10xApple folders. - Photos App: Albums &gt; number under Camera Roll - iFile DCIM: go into each 10xApple folder, and get the Files count at the very bottom. if they mismatch by only a few, it's ok, probably means a few photos' edited files are saved separately. but if there's a lot more files in iFile, i think you have some left-over files
thanks for checking man. relatively, that seems a reasonable amount, if you have edited some pics, especially if using another editing app. i think maybe this is a bug relevant to my current ios version
thanks for checking. maybe it's a bug with my ios 8.1.1 version, or i've screwed something up can't tell. if only i could restore and jailbreak, haha
does battery doctor work with ios 8? (it says only 5+6 in cydia) i have icleaner, but it doesn't seem to do shit with all the "ghost" used storage
ah ok, that one's not gonna work for me
i would try out disk pie, but i'm having another problem since a year ago where i can install apps from cydia but they don't appear on my homescreen -__- tweaks are fine, but i can't add apps, it boggles the mind!
no. i'm not referring to the ones in the "recently deleted" folder. i had files in the dcim folders from over two years ago. the "recently deleted" go away after 30 days, that doesn't explain why i have these left-over files from so long ago
i can vouch fr the unorganised order, i had to open each damn picture over dumb wifi to check if it was a left-over or not. i didn't see any pictures i recognised from imessages, but i don't use that much anyway. i had two long batches of photos from last year relating to a sports event on tv, and i Know i deleted all of them except for a few i posted on social media. many of those i specifically remember deleting right from the lockscreen camera interface, while it was locked. i thought maybe before unlocking the deleted permission was wobbly or something, but then i found screenshots from that day of websites about said sporting event. i honestly don't understand the behaviour except for that it really did happen - took these pictures, deleted them, yet when i go in through ssh into root dcim folder i see them right there next to other pics that i've kept and are legitimately in my photos app. these undeleted pics and some ghost ass used storage space really baffle me
i'd check for you but both fone and ifart are jailbroken. try for yourself if you can get to this folder: /private/var/mobile/Media/DCIM/ when i connect with windows explorer, the folders only show me the pics that are actually present in the Photos app - so, i'm not sure if, even if you have access, you might not be seeing undeleted left-over files (if you had any)
/private/var/mobile/Library/SMS/Attachments/ 82 folders, with at least 2-5 files :/ i'm beat for today, i choose ignorance!
nop, full photos and videos. photos on average between 1-3mb, and i had some really long ass videos over 200mb
if you're saying that the photos app's camera roll folder contains more files and bigger size than the total of the various folders within dcim, i think you're fine - perhaps some of the media is just saved in icloud, even though it appears in your photos app
i tried the 'uicache' through ssh/putty a few months ago but it had no effect :/ maybe i'll try deleting appsync, but that sounds like it'll break more than what it'll fix :s (i mean, don't i need that?)
same, i don't understand how it's organised, it's almost as stupid as the way the music section is organised
you were totally right about app sync - i uninstalled it, resprung, and it showed me some cydia apps i'd installed but never showed before on the homescreen. i then installed it back, and tried installing something else to see if i can do the same "refresh" with icleaner and terminal. alas, no success: icleaner pro just did minor cleanup and entering uicache in mobile terminal did nothing either. (both these apps i could only install after deleting appsync). thanks for the tip about uninstalling appsync! i'm gonna keep having to uninstall-reinstall it, because i think i need it for appcake (which i need to install older versions of youtube and facebook whenever i fuck up and update them by mistake!)
facebook and youtube? you can do that?
you said try to instal __ from official repos - what did you mean? was that in reference to me needing to install old versions of fb and yt?
holy crap this is good!! great work!!!
how is it self-deprecating? do you know what self-deprecating means?
is the rug made of reddit and youtube?
anyone else find it /r/mildlyinfuriating that you can't enlarge these reddit pic uploads using RES?
this is beautiful :D hilarious comic my friend
*log-book
i came here for a funny, new, temporary sub; now i think i might stay for the augmented connections :'( that tumblr is amazing, and this sub is going to the top!
i'm not sure whether it is, but if it is i'm definitely all for it! lining up the mountain ridges sounds like a nightmare, better point at a blue piece of paper - the important part is the context of augmented history
ah! i see your point xD now it's hard not to notice. but still, cmon..
inner... inner city... [INNER CITY *PRESSUUUURE*](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7wqfcwgT0Ds)
massive thank you to the [developer](https://github.com/Elusive138)!! the above is a Display, that you need to unzip into your User/AppData folder, then you can restart and set up within Growl. it works amazingly well, once the notif slides out, it stays within Action Center - it sounds simple, but it was hella hard to get this to work! i'm personally using it to get all my iphone notifs piped onto my laptop :D e: jailbroken iphone, using the tweak [GrowlNotifier](https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/337pli/tutorial_how_to_setup_push_notifications_using/)
nono, from the GrowlNotifier tweak you can set to forward the notifs to multiple IPs. i'm using it to forward both to my pc and laptop. if your work network also gives you a static ip, then you can set-up no probs without having to reconfigure each time. i don't know about what ports it uses sorry, maybe someone else will chime in
awesome!
wake info is already mentioned above, but this brought to memory one i used back in ios 6 days: [wake with weather](http://moreinfo.thebigboss.org/moreinfo/depiction.php?file=wakewithweatherDp) from what i recall, this one uses siri's voice instead of the generic one. but, honestly, i stopped using these alarms because it finally did my head in ;D i just wanted to show some android fanboi that iFarts could also do this function
1. try a different (alphanumeric no spaces) password first of all. then, make sure you went thru [the instructions](https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/337pli/tutorial_how_to_setup_push_notifications_using/) carefully. the network tab you can actually ignore. what's important is the secuirty tab, making sure you check "allow network notifications" and adding a password. 2. the whole folder
it'll still work if they're on the same network/lan - i.e. if your pc is connected to the router by cable and your phone is connected to the same router but via wifi
you can make them the same if you put the wireless access point into bridge mode so that your main router controls dhcp, but that's a whole other rabbit hole ;D
i mean, this will work the same except you don't have the action center, just toasts
great question: http://www.ghacks.net/2015/09/13/make-your-windows-10-taskbar-100-transparent/ i only made it 90% transparent though, i can see the tray better
i maxed out my fantasy football budget on lewandowski, so he better score like in the qualification stage!!
just answered [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/4ncvo4/tutorial_how_to_get_iphone_notifications_into/d43mbvw), it's classic shell
awesome :D if anybody else wants to play, i think you can join via the website as well: http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues i honestly don't know how it works, but i guess we'll figure it out once the euro starts! i'm "KaButros" btw!
i was gonna say, you don't even need to be jailbroken to do this ;D
trust him. it's steve, that's why.
i agree, he's good at making a play starting from that position, but he has a limit when running back to defend. i much prefer him in rakitic's position, but he has worked o-kay as busquets and dani alves so perhaps he is destined to be a reinforcement in these 3 positions
he gives it all when running back to defend, and most of the time he delivers. but it would be a waste to not play him in a more offensive role, given he has pretty great play-making abilities and situational awareness as a midfielder
http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues and join our league with this League Code: 16660IJX there's an iphone and android app too! create your fantasy team with 16 players (limit of 3 per country, and budget 100€m), and compete with us!
btw here's my squad (s means sub): &gt; Hart - Neuer(s) &gt; Kosclelny - Bonucci - Lindelof - Jordi Alba - Lukaku(s) &gt; Modric - Kroos - Busquets - Iniesta - Draxler(s) &gt; Lewandowski - Griezmann - Rashford(s) and i'm all about the classic 4-4-2 ;p i have no idea how the league and point system work, but this all sounds like it's gonna be a lot of fun! and the more people join even better!
hey man, don't knock it - ketchup, a little grated cheese and oregano/pepper, and you got yourself an awesome sliced bread mock pizza! mom used to make it when we were poor, and now it's still my second favourite pizza, so quick and clean :D
are you referring to [this remote mouse](http://www.remotemouse.net/) ? you realise that that app/program has a completely different function from what i'm describing in this post? remote mouse is a way to use your iDevice as a keyboard and touchpad mouse to control your computer. what i describe in this post is how to click a button on your computer to shut off your device. sort of the other way round, but actually completely different from remote mouse, so i don't understand your comment
ah, i didn't know! i did a quick search, and the mac version of Growl (the original one really) also works with the tweak GrowlNotifier! here's [a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqbYGC5z-4I) i'm sure the set-up is very similar to the one for Windows, so if you search a little you will surely find easy instructions. for mac actually you have a bunch of alternative ways too, just learnt about [pushNotify](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzQXDwGzEk8) and i hear [PushBullet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q28fpp44J6M) is fantastic too
i... am not smart -_-' thanks for the tips man, i'm gonna go read [the rules](http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/rules) now lol
we are up to [16 players!](http://i.imgur.com/JyrwBlS.png) Azeflo XI in the lead with 20 points
1. unzip all contents, should be a folder GrowlToToast that contains all the files (not another folder called GrowlToToast which contains the stuff). 2. make sure you put this in the right "Display" folder, since there are several. if you're on win10 64-bit it should be: C:\Users[Username]\AppData\Local\Growl\2.0.0.0 also, i cut off the version number from the folder name, i don't know if that had any influence though (i.e. instead of GrowlToToast-v0.2a3, just GrowlToToast)
welcome and thank you for joining!
reddit hug of death :/ here's the video at least: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxTngjktteY it's in urdu and without subtitles, but you can sort of figure out what's happening from the last 30 seconds, with all the bleeping and the host trying to appease the situation
it does not drain battery ;)
does not matter how much alaba proves he is one of the greatest midfielders in the world, making plays and recovering balls out of nowehere... it does not matter if you have fuckwits like baumgartlinger who piss away every effort your team makes. daft austrian coach...
you're completely wrong. the midfield was not at fault at all. the defence, and especially baumgartlinger were a complete toss up. without the balls to push forward themselves even up to the mid line, and then fucking it up with poor pass accuracy while the whle rest of the team is waiting on attack. if you have 7 guys waiting on offence, you should have defenders who have the fucking balls to push the play forward. alaba was everywhere, making plays, recovering, showing up to do a wall/one-two-pass - and all his efforts were completely zeroed by the left and center backs
what? are you aware you are contradicting yourself? spain plays exactly like i describe, but on top they have a defence that stays around the mid line - piqué alternates between passing it or pushing it upfield himself. austria had so many more chances than hungary because the top half kept the pressure, kept stealing, and tried keeping the ball. the fault they had was that their defence has zero pass accuracy and inability to stop simple attacks. the first goal 3 hungarians go up, with 5 they become sloppy and let it through. second goal, baumgartlinger fucks it up completely (by passing it directly to hungary while his teammates are waiting a cross), and again fails to recover the ball. if you had the ball, however, very rarely will you have to backpedal on a counter-attack so long as you recover within the opponent's half. so, even though you have spectacular players like alaba following this xavi style of play, you have at least one third of the team who don't even connect with the others
nono, austria tries to play like spain, but fails because their manager chose the defence unwisely. pay attention to my comment
it doesn't matter the formation, you are looking at the game wrong. spain/barça/cruyff style is to keep the ball, long drawn out plays with passing, and then incisive plays with either through balls or walls/one-two passes. if you look at alaba, he is a disciple of munich/guardiola football, which is exactly the same style of play. the top half of austria responds to this style very well, and they were connecting like kings in many of their attacks. but where they lost the ball was not because of them, it was on their expectation that the defence would recover quickly or at least not fuck up a crossing ball so badly. if you know football, you know i'm right
a ver, if you are referring to the 2nd goal, where he fucked up it was clear everyone was waiting for a cross, and he just fucked up and gave it to hungary. the rest of the time, yes the mid and attack were a bit further ahead, but that's where the defenders need to drive the ball up to meet them, to have the courage to run past one striker marking them more than 10m away, not a hard job unless you're a coward or lack skill or stamina. there are far better austrian defenders out there watching in despair from their tv. to play offensively is not the mistake. the mistake is that one third of the team either did not understand or (more likely and more evident) they lack the skill to keep up.
for cruyff football, total football, you also need players capable of moving between positions. if the defenders had gone up, the mid would have taken their place as the play moves forward. but if you take a linear, toothpaste approach to football, then better not even try to play passing football, better everyone stay static like in fooseball. it is clear to me that it is a mismatch of football style between the top half and the defence
i get a similar error sometimes, relating to internet connection, even though chrome etc is working. i open edge and internet explorer, and then the store starts working too. it only happens sometimes when i boot the pc, later it's ok. hope you can fix it, sorry if this was not helpful
did you try another mouse? just to make sure that it isn't a hardware issue with the mouse. or try this same mouse on another computer?
if you connect at work via wifi, you could set it as a metered connection which i think freezes the update rate of the live tiles
this is brilliant! pity it's only available in rich usa. in india this would tear a hole in google's market share
damn :/ thanks, guess there was no pattern
please tell me there's at least one black tech blogger who facepalmed as the [lady in pink](https://youtu.be/DeVpZi0fHt8?t=432) went on -__-'
*rostam* and *golito de nolito* tied for the lead! we're up to 20 players now - everyone is welcome, join us! http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues League Code: 16660IJX
guys, you are allowed up to ONE free transfer between matchdays. you can transfer more but are penalised for that. my transfer of the day has been lindeloff off sapunaru in! maybe next transfer i make is with lukaku/rashford off for someone else.
albania didn't attack too much today, but sommer had some great saves
ref¿?!¿?!¿?!!¿!?¿!¿!
lol over 20 replies in like 10 seconds, holy crap this sub is active! i didn't subscribe before out of principle in calling the game "soccer", but i think there are more football fans here than the other subs
i'd like to subscribe to shitty football facts
ay crap, sorry i didn't read properly! -__-' editing now
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse"
I'm gonna go get the papers get the papers.
You tossers! You had ONE job to do!!
croatia is playing excellent football. that play modric created before, where he was fouled by two guys and still continued, perfect example of good football attitude. the walls/one-two-passes, creating opportunities like a fast pinball match, great great football guys
for me, great teams are always defined by two things: playing style and a few key players. spain in 2010 had good passing football, and fantastic midfield with iniesta and xavi. germany 2014 had similar but more offensive style, and excellent attackers aided by kroos and schweinsteiger. great teams are not always winning teams, like netherlands with cruyff in 1974. however, great teams are the ones that are actually worth watching, and people remember for years and decades later. croatia 2016 looks to be a memorable fucking team
the ball management in this pitch is atrocious...
yea, it would be more aggravating to have stopped the game. but this needs to be noted in the post-match whatever, to complain to uefa about the stadium's management
omg that was such a nightmare -__-'
&gt; Tom Brady this is when i feel out of place in the "soccer" sub, that i have to google who tom brady is e: a famous american football quarterback
that was actually my first thought, lol - i should to go outside sometime
both national and club level, their football has been very quiet, meek almost. after that 7-1 on spain i thought for sure this team and these players are going to win great things, then *poof* nothing
seriously, modric is everywhere wtf
whoever said kovacic in for modric was on point
i like him, but not so sure i want him recovered before spain match :p
mm, pretty bad imo. motm is modric, out after injury
another fail by mandju
i think i'm gay for modric's through balls
i mean, modric looked like he could take a few days off by the beach if he wants ;p
so many of their players already are: modric, rakitic, mandju... i think what's lacking is their clubs to be competing, i honestly can't think of a big club from there off the top of my head e: -___-' !!!
what a tournaround shot, wow
i am so dumb, omg.. sorry -__-'
fucking hooligans
truly, what the fuck
you couldn't wait like 5 more minutes?
doesn't make any sense.. an infiltrate? or maybe just a fucking retard barbarian, more likely
dat gap in the stadium
other than putting it down your pants, there were cases in spain where they put them inside their sandwiches/subs - it's ridiculous
my thoughts exactly. maidan!
penalty?!¿¿?!?¿! whaaaaaaaa
that didn't make any sense. really, i can't help thinking there's something russian about the whole affair
i think modric was better, that goal was 90% modric e: assist was actually from brozovic, but seriously, modric was on point all of the game until his injury
what? don't do that. whoever that cs rep, he was fucking high
exemplary refereeing, really
1-2 fantastic header, 2-2 penalty, hands.
watching highlights now ... those guys in charge of putting out the flair/fire seem unprepared and ill-equipped to carry out the job.. wth france?
but, so.. they're really croatians? not russians?
seriously.. for starters they need to ban bringing in food from outside, because at least in spain there have been cases of people bringing in flairs inside their sandwiches. tickets should be registered to each person with full identification requirements, and not transferible (refunds yes, scalping no). and perhaps it's time to bring back the high caged walls
seriously. great football by croatia, then good effort by czech coming back with the first goal after modric left... but then it all went to shit
that's a new level of stupidity. in spain the league president and the national sports president are taking idiotic legal routes to force suspension of the football association president (who, as luck would have it, is currently also the interim uefa and fifa president) - so i can understand disagreements, and the fuzzy reality of claims between right and wrong. but these acts of violence and public disruption are just plain stupid and wrong, whatever your nationality and reasoning
ramos nos va a llevar a la ruina...
ay, sorry bro
igual, sabes, la amarilla la he ha puesto controlao, en vez de estar zurrando por allí, va con más cuidado con los codos, y luego los pases y el juego de fútbol de verdad se centró. bueno, yo estoy contento con todos, ya ha quedao todo oculto bajo el champán :D
the beat he takes to look back at her "you whaa" and then roll his eyes... good lord, die already. fucking hollywood, not enough to reuse a twist, but let's add *even more DRAAMAAA*
man i feel bad for everyone in that video :s at least the cop took it with some humour knowing it's all on tape, but that guy really seemed like he did not have his shit together that day
/r/BitchImaBus
we're playing the fantasy league by uefa/mcdonalds. in this past game he was given only 3 points, while jordi alba got 9. whatever they base themselves on giving points, it is fucking broken, or rigged as a mother fucker. iniesta was [literally man of the match in 2 consecutive matches](http://www.marca.com/en/football/national-teams/2016/06/18/5764f65f22601d624a8b4661.html), and these cunts still can't acknowledge his value? horse shit!
skulason is an idiot. instead of stopping the run, he decides to walk parallel to him. what a fucking moron, too afraid to touch him...
gooooooooooolll
in the last match the commentator was saying how 6% of the population of iceland was at the stadium - i wonder what the percentage is today :D
i remember watching that game in complete frustration. then fucking baumgartlinger gave it away----
too busy writing an angry comment, no time for replays
wtf is wrong with the "fans" at this eurocup. perhaps because it's the first time since the crisis that we all have right-wing fuckheads popping up everywhere?
seriously...
which team are you? i don't see a flair by your name
man, he looks like he's saying "we're making history! oh shit, please don't score, please don't let me screw this up, oh gawd!" he's getting barely any hard shots, if he can just calm down you are going to win, but if he mistakes you're fucked
i don't have the stats, but i know austria had much Much more possession, and all their attempts came after much mellowing around in hungary's half, as all 10 of their guys built a roman guard - that's what i meant by pussies
yea, an own goal seems about right
this is so fucking retarded, fucks sake french organisation
their players went running to plead them not to throw it into the field lol
seriously, straight into their legs... good effort? pfft
if your strengths are holding on to the one penalty goal, there's no hope for icelandic football. when you train before matches you spend little to no time learning to foul or kick it away as far as possible, you spend it passing and shooting at goal! why should the real match be any different?
spain has some great players now, but the style of play has not changed. leaving these last 8-10 years aside, spain always went into it with a lot of hope, and got kicked out at group or maximum first play off round. however, it has never been boring to watch spain. leaving ramos and some other few players, the rest are trying to play actual football, keep possession, playing with dignity for themselves and the team. that hasn't changed from even when we used to lose, it's just that our passes connect with much greater percentage now. for me this is the only football that works, why teams like germany keep winning so frequently. to play this rugby style football, winning meters, trying to protect a meagre score, is surrendering before even trying. yes, you can say that it's at least got iceland in, meanwhile teams like netherlands are watching on tv, but this football is really worthless for the audience, which is actually the whole point. there is a great [quote by cruyff](http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-you-need-both-quality-and-results-results-without-quality-is-boring-quality-without-johan-cruijff-70-48-76.jpg) that basically reads you need to strike a good balance between quality and results to create beautiful, ticket-worthy football
baumgartlinger, passing it back when they're going on counter - fuckign retard, take him off already!
that's where we differ i guess. i'd rather lose than play shit football. but i digress, because i've tasted victory, and perhaps there is a bias there. yes arsenal only gets close to titles, but they are going to be remember for much longer than one-hit wonder leicester, and don't seem like they're ready to piss away any respect they've gained by playing spin the manager like man u or chelsea. if iceland today had continued playing like when they were chasing the goal against portugal, you would've been top of the group right now. lack of confidence in making short passes, or dribbling opponents 10metres away, or shrugging off petty arm grabs instead of falling, and you would have had many more minutes of actual football gameplay, and probably scored a second. i said about the audience more as symptom/barometer of how you're playing. of course, i know you and maybe most icelanders prefer to win than play football, but i meant for the general audience who are watching to see football - i didn't mean disrespect, but i think we agree that iceland was playing just to defend the one goal and gave up on trying to get any more, even if that's a crappy show to watch
btw, if you guys want a nice poster style website to follow the eurocup, this site has made a great display: http://www.sofascore.com/tournament/football/international/euro-cup/1
is this swiss v france, or austria v germany¿?!?¿! what's up with the kit colours choice
pogba what a miss, lol
kodi?
lol mehmedi shirt change save grab
the english commentary always about narratives, rather than just describing what is happening in the actual game
i've been wary of pogba, but holy crap he's thirsty for a goal tonight!
could've just worn the full blue kit..
koscielny just saved a goal there
rami, what a fucking twat, that is stupidly anti-sportsman
dude, i really like coman, he's so quick both reacting and sprinting, good control, very promising player eh
seriously, i'm starting to think mehmed's shirt was also too easy to tear
probably headed for a 0-0 yea?
i said it below and i'll say it again - i smell simeone
why did he whistle that one? our commentators are disconcerted about it :s?
ei welcome, thanks for joining!
maybe i'm wrong, but isn't there a centralised block from your carrier? usually when you buy a new sim, the operator just adds you to their open directory allowing any fuckhole company to cold call you. you have to specifically ask your operator to take you down from said list (i know some countries charge you for this "luxury"). i don't think you're going to find a tweak that can guess whether it's a spam call or not, at least not without you having to whitelist every single number you *do* want to take calls from. if you already talked to your operator and there is no such option/service, and you really do receive too many spam calls, then i'm second to suggest you change your number. your contacts are easy to alert, but banking etc. can be hard, although for a while you could just put the old sim into a cheap gsm phone until the switch is complete
20 second lockscreen my friend, oldest and 2nd best tweak i have :) this one is actually the reason i jailbroke in the first place so many years ago, fucking apple is so basic with their options :D
what a run, what a dribble, what a pass! then pfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffft should've been 3-0
thirsty for a goal!! has to come soon!
superbly offensive and really fun to watch, great organisation and stamina
any time, ledley...
vamos!
man, russian defence is so off... no coordination, no running, it's as if they were already qualified and not giving a toss
try livetv.sx
joe allen da boss, you don't take his ball!!!
wrong sub there coach, unless maybe saving him from an injury idk
verry danjuress, may atak any time!
i should've searched before. i was referring to the DNC, Do Not Call register: https://www.pdpc.gov.sg/individuals/do-not-call-registry-you https://www.dnc.gov.sg/index.html that operator should've guided you to this site/service. i didn't suggest lightly changing your number. i don't know your situation, but i once changed landline number because i was getting too many spam calls (&gt;10 a day), and that solved my problem (also deciding not to give my number away so easily)
puto ramos joder
it actually hit the crossbar and piqué didn't reach, incredible that it didn't go in
esos olés :D
really should've missed this game and that's it, this is too risky
cómete esa amarilla puto rog
really fantastic teamwork
[sexy disease](http://img.bollycurry.com/images/600x0/28781-ilene-hamman.jpg)
but real madrid have always been a chequebook team, so they have choice from everywhere
erm, nevermind the hiccups at the start
that pas to morata was too good, so good even morata din't believe it lol
good equaliser, but we'll come back with more goals don't worry
ya ves joder
it says 4-3-3, but to me it's more like 4-5-1 with morata http://www.sofascore.com/croatia-spain/YTbspUb
swat team deployed in croatian fans side of the staidum
busquets denying rakitic, mmmm much pleasure
still depends: B3/E3/F3 http://www.sofascore.com/tournament/football/international/euro-cup/1
ya, the app is also excellent, i recommend it
serás catalán, y yo también -__-
damn perisic :/
not yet, god damn it, careful with your words!
morata is working hard, he earned that madrid signing
don't distract me with your croatian girls, i know what you're doing
se duerme fabregas
niet
and fire blankets
no era penalti eh...
nope
joder joder joder
.......... it wasn't a penalt anyways, fuck it...
fuck it.. like you said, not a penalty anyway
need to sub ramos, he's not in it
if you can teach this to lucho, plz
de gea should've stopped that... this is reminding of of barça days with pinto
italy v spain friends, let's hope for a repeat of 2012
um, it really depends on context man, i'm no teacher. i could be commenting something like "piqué defendiendo pero va y hace falta" (pique defending but goes and makes a foul). i don't know any other way of learning except for just with practice you learn to recognise the different use
easily could've stayed out today, saving the yellow card risk, and giving some minutes to bartra, but nooooooooooooooooo
-modric = handicap -mandju = advantage
man we couldn't beat croatia :(
we had plenty other players that don't miss a penalty. but no, the captain, known for missing 2 previous critical penalties (for club and country), **insisted** that he take it...
seriously... when iniesta got tired, he should've gone in, last 20 minutes
better explanation, dictionary: http://www.wordreference.com/es/en/translation.asp?spen=falta
bookmark this: livetv.sx
seriously, what is going on with this eurocup and the last 3 minutes...
o shit, i didn't know suker was coach! shit, i didn't even know he got old! this all makes sense now :/
it's like a horrible seesaw. i always notice that when the passing is sloppy, they start sucking, very psychological
yes :( but your girls are pretty, and your kids are ecstatic, so it hurts a little less. gg
i am so dumb -__- is it against him, the flares and shit? are they calling him corrupt?
is it really bad? you don't have to explain, but i'd really appreciate know what the eff is going on. we have our own thing in spain, they're having a letigious fight trying to get rid of miguel angel villar
i saved some of these spam numbers, i'll send you by private message
HOLY FUCKING WAY TO MAKE HISTORY ICELAND GOOD JOB MOTHER FUCKERS!!!
the hungary game austria played bloody brilliantly, really unfair final result
completely fukcing everyone's betting lol
i would also like to know, but my guess is that maybe if you pass from your own half it doesn't count (??)
most emotional and exhilarating goal of this euro so far, maybe not the most beautiful, but holy shit this is football passion showcase 100%
i didn't know cruyff shaved his head and became goalie for ireland
my question exactly, wth! http://www.sofascore.com/standings/football/international/euro-cup-group-e/50059
REQUEST please someone from iceland put up the video where he's commenting the second goal - just saw it on spanish tv and it is FUCKING CRAZY how overjoyed he is :D
this is glorious :D thank you very much!
[reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5q77MQzU2Q) be heroes!!!
forwarded to the relevant part, but the whole clip is amazing :D https://youtu.be/fzuvQXDUybE?t=149
get ready to play economic tsunami!
yes, and their income has suddenly and permanently been depreciated. the GRAND majority spanish people have no interest in absorbing gibraltar, and a weak pound affects one of the motors of the economy which is british tourism. everything about this situation is bad, and this shared sovereignty idea is entertained by nobody with real power
spaniard here, i also hope nothing changes... but it already has... the pound plummeting already affects the salaries of day-labourers, and everything is in gibraltar is going to cost more pounds. even cigarette smugglers are reassessing their business model
owned by saudi sheiks and russian oligarchs
no, no.... the main income for gibraltar is finance, the murky kind. if you join the eu and the euro, then it's goodbye tax haven. there would be literally no reason to work in gibraltar
ah no, you don't know, i'm sorry for not explaining. gibraltar has a special regime separate from the uk mainland, and is effectively a low-tax offshore center, just like the cayman islands, virgin islands or bermuda https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Gibraltar
well, after today everything seems possible... even if so damn unlikely! gibraltar people do not want to be part of spain though - and for their side, the english nor the spanish have any animosity to change geographical borders. as for tax status, in spain there are huge corruption scandals right now, and particularly recent shockwaves from andorra and panama papers - it is nigh retarded to think any political party seeking a special status for gibraltar. but again, right now, everything seems fuckable!
no, i meant that too. until and unless you hear my president say that he wants to pursue gibraltar, margallo is just a charlatan. what i said about iraq was that political decisions do not necessarily reflect the overwhelming will of regular people. in this gibraltar situation our appointed interim minister is saying things that itch the rest of us completely the wrong way. but, again, unless rajoy or the next guy says he wants to absorb gibraltar, all of this talk is going to the bin edit: another example i can give you is about the refugees situation. people of any colour are welcoming refugees here, but meanwhile the administration is playing a double game by saying that they are open to help but actively rejecting asylum application
go chill with hawaii. alaska can come too ZE ENDDD!!!
*golito de nolito* has been dethroned - *da balotelli-tubbies* takes the lead! we're up to 27 players now - everyone is welcome, join us! http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues League Code: 16660IJX
remember the deadline to make transfer: &gt; Upcoming deadline: Matchday 4 &gt; 25 June 2016, 15:00 (CET) if you haven't yet, you can use the wild card to make more than 1 transfer without a penalty, so remember to make use of it! man, i think i'm gonna change half my team, lol
what part does it seem like i don't know what i'm talking about? what specifically have i said that does not make sense to you? here, my lap is free, ask me your questions
he is a bro
why would you put in embolo, to play with virtually 10
vamos shaqiri!
ball boys not giving a fuck
sommer glitches
as if poland are interesting to watch
clearly the shitty state of the grass of french stadiums cannot be improved
he played absolutely fantastically for atletico in the champion's final, but still then... :/
hazard is playing with hungary as if he's in the school playground against kids half his age
the smell of a hazard+carrasco goal is getting stronger
HAZARD PLAYED A THROUGH BALL.... TO HIMSELF!!!!!!!!!!!!
HAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARDHAZARD IS A MOTHER FUCKING MONSTER!!!!
whoever had hazard on his fantasy team is getting some micky d's guaranteed
courtois for clean sheet!
CARRASCOOOOOOO
motm without a shadow of a doubt
ya, fast and damn accurate, razor edged!
bloody hell, he was playing as if he's the big kid in the playground against children half his age! but wait, no, these are world class players he's taking on, wtf!!
worthless south american football - de todo menos jugar al fútbol
it's not
also european, and also lover of good football - you can downvote this comment also
but we played football, and when you don't return punches the other guy eventually tries to play football also. that year we lost our "style of play", with the absence of puyol, terrifying bad performance by diego costa and del bosque's benching of xavi. we are still world champions, and we are champions of good, fun and beautiful football - the kind also played in germany, netherlands and france. the reason why european leagues are watched around the world is because philosophies like ours reflect both on results and natural passion of watching a good game of FOOTBALL
pues sí, la estoy viendo todos los días - espectacular. no sé si viste el recital de bélgica hoy, que pasada
get ready for your downvotes, my good-football-loving friend - we are in hostile waters. ps: hazard was fucking amazing today!
this is the only real match taking place today
jugaron con mucho miedo. a mí no me gusta ronaldo, pero incluso a los que le gusta tienen que admitir que ha caído en forma. lo de croacia es muy triste, se acobardaron demasiado. pero todos los equipos, estos 2 y la gran mayoría de la euro, juegan limpio y buscan goles, no avanzar metros a lo rugby. aquí tenéis unos pedazo atletas, pero los metéis en una mentalidad que se denomina "anti-football", que además no ser vistoso es que ni siquiera consigue resultados. hay momentos aquí en este partido que se dedican más a hacer el gallo que no a buscar hacer jugadas - es un espectáculo de lucha libre
he's a shit coach. acts level-headed, but he has very little going on. we got rid of him after 1 year
please someone explain how you go 4 on 3, and fuck it up with an offside?
if he could just unshackle himself from the other 10 players he's carrying
actually, messi is the [biggest taxpayer in spain](http://www.semana.com/deportes/articulo/messi-la-persona-que-paga-mas-impuestos-en-espana/395965-3)
aguero of course, and bravo saved it
haha epic fail!
how are you not seeing the obvious? there is an international competition, yet the domestic league is still active? why? are none of the players in the usa national team have any club commitments??
is this really common in mexico, to put advertisements literally while the game is active?
how happy the mexican commentators when aguero misses
these anti-messi southies here, you have some stigma of hearing "best player of the world", and rarely watching him play at barça. the point you are missing is that messi also plays in the best club of the world, the very same club that made him the best player of the world. and you are incapable of learning how real, honest, fun, effective football should be played. wasteful
i'm on a channel called "deportes vivo", i think it's mexican (not american), but i may be wrong
exactly, this is such an anti-climax after the belgium match
agreed, more than the shooters it depends on the goalies, and bravo is king
i used to think it was exciting, but actually it's much more fair And entertaining to play bronze goal, no stupid tactics or fearful defensiveness
lol ref plz :D this only needs some BENNY HILL MUSIC!!
commentators saying he's feeling some pain there
how they still have a soft spot for him after his disgraceful show against madrid..
i don't follow your premier league, but the only good thing i saw him do during the champion's was moving out of the way from that k de bruyne goal against psg
ayy, you remind me of myself in 2013, begging tata to play xavi -__-'
lol
nah, he just has some big transfer headlines and a couple crucial goals perhaps. he's not a regular. europa league is a second-division tournament for smaller teams and good teams that don't make it past the ucl group stage. yes, m'gladbach was in the top 3 last year, for the first time in their history... always there is a glitch, but come the ucl you see what a team is really made of. be content with your league man, hope pep can bring you some more titles
at pens, all that matters is your goalie. unfair, whatever. but claudio bravo is the finest goalkeeper in this tournament, twice over
can you please explain how/why there was a copa america so soon after the last one?
not sure if referring to the misses during the match or the ones at penalties? i just meant that at penalties there are 3 options: you score, you miss, the goalie saves it. the goalie has 4-5 chances, you have 1, there's a little less pressure. plus, the keeper learns more after each shot (if going well), while the strikers pile on their pressure after a miss or a shot towards the spot they are used to (thinking more psychology rather than acurracy and force). but yea, it would certainly help if you just concentrate on netting the ball
have you watched argentina play? are you serious about the quality of the other 10? messi is great, but barça is also great, and that is what made him so great. if you need a lesson on messi appreciation, watch last year's barça-bayern match, ask boateng if he agrees with you or not
spain. but playing against germany and italy
seriously, song and dance before giving the medals? what even is this shit? let the albiceleste leave before you start your fucking party
this is just disgraceful. no respect for the losing side, who are themselves showing respect by waiting for the winners to lift the trophy. disastrous organisation by the usa federation
in europe, you have the medal ceremony then the songs start playing with the confetti, as the losing team makes their way out. the losers wait as a show of respect, so you should respect them also by not celebrating until they have a chance to politely leave once the culmination of the ceremony.
that ref deserves nothing but contempt. the crowd agrees
nono, i didn't mean the team - i meant the organisers, they are playing music with a stage, bringing out the singer pitbull with dancers... that makes no sense to me
i disagree completely. messi overshadows the incompetence of this team, just look how they do without him. italy has buffon, de rossi, it had the great pirlo.. argentina have messi and 10 guys chained to him. maybe masche is good, but the rest, dear lord save them..
chiellini plz...
dear juve, here comes one of the greatest wingers in our club's history. pair him well and he will bring you many titles. he like sto party, but he has a level head. he likes passing football, and you can count on him for brave counter-attacks. he is loyal to club and country and will fight for you unto the last minute. un abrazo dani, siempre serás nuestro campeón
dear argentina, messi was offered to enter the spanish team way before becoming famous - indeed, half of barça pulled him towards changing citizenship. but instead he stuck with you. he missed out on winning 2 eurocups and 1 worldcup without any regrets. he carried your whole team and antagonist coaches into three consecutive finals. because of you, and your big fucking mouth, one of the greatest players ever is so hurt he is ending his international career early, purely out of disillusionment. shame on you argentina
gg italy, great first half, you could've scored up to 4 goals by my count. second half you defended as conte asked of you, and that last goal was a good way to seal the victory. del bosque focussed on criticising nolito, while the problems emerged from a shaky ramos and inability of our midfielders to come and collect the ball (rather than wait for it among a forest of italians). the end of our era was when puyol left and xavi was stopped being played. we still have many great players, and new ones with great potential, but no characters have yet emerged that solidify the link between defence and attack. viva la selección, y vuelta a trabajar en un ratito para el mundial de rusia
and then he gets subbed out, nobody knows why
vamos islandia, a por ellos!
VAMOOOOOSSS!!!!
VAAAAMOOOOOOOSSSSS!!!!
hart has been in my book since his show against barça last ucl, and this year against psg (saving penalty) - i still give him benefit of the doubt, but that was really disheartening
damn you :'(
you're right lol - 30 minutes in still 1-1
no, i meant de rossi got subbed out, and *that* didn't make sense. watch the games before commenting, iniesta played 90'
ah that makes sense. he got a yellow in 2nd match vs sweden - i thought it had to be two consecutive matches that equal missing next match? so just two yellows at any time during the tournament?
what? no no! he didn't even look injured, i don't understand, he was throwing the water bottle away because he was mad at the coach, no?
in my opinion it's already a heavy heart to lose at the final, worse to do that three times in a row, and yea the "fans" i think are the straw that broke the camel's back
are you sure it resets at the quarterfinal, or maybe resets after two games?
maradona, one of his idols, told him not to return if they lose. he didn't lose once, and he didn't lose small. he carried the whole of the team, who are comparatively a bunch of nobodies - unlike more evenly balanced winner teams like germany, spain, even chile. after the third, and biggest, disappointment of his life, how can you not think that messi is doubting himself? you are the fucking disgrace
even their national team
heard a comment long while ago that england was one of the big national teams with least players that play for clubs outside their country
their strength should be that they play either together or versus each other throughout the year, so know their styles well, etc. but these guys look so disjointed, it's hilarious. i mean i put it down to crappy football style, but yea these guys are mostly promising based only on their domestic league, not international
thanks man. looking forward to your next game, vai italia!
i feel ya bro
the argentine side learnt nothing from their previous defeat. the focus was again on fouls and impossible through balls. no one came to collect, no one cared to use their head to stop chile plays in a clean and fast manner. martino took his time to make the wrong subs, and did nought to tweak argentina's "potential". forget teaching how to pass or retain a ball to progressively move it forward, the way messi works. chile did do these things, despite being just as much a foul-fest. they don't have any messi, but at least on chile side you can see they are not all focussed on alexis fabricating a miracle. if they can nullify messi, or rely on his through balls being wasted, then they have and had many more danger chances on goal. all those guys you mention, bar masche, are just hot air. in the matches without messi you can see how evident their shortcomings. they may have a big price-tag and play at other fancy clubs, but they are not natural winners, and worse they don't know how to play the same beautiful style of barça football. argentina as messi incarnate had a slim chance. argentina without messi is less than nothing
ISLAAAAAAAANNNDDDD!!!!
ok. i'm sorry
those perfect blonde, blue-eyed bastards
[epic fail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UEFA_Euro_2004) -__-' i don't know why i remember it that way
*neveretherlands* bursts in and takes the lead! we're up to 30 players now - everyone is welcome, join us! http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues League Code: 16660IJX
guys make your transfers before tomorrow's game: http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/rules you can make 4 free transfers before the quarter-finals without penalties - if you need to make more (like i did!), this is a great time to use your wild card if you haven't already!
