Immortality.
I'd absolutely love Google + if it were seamlessly integrated into everything Google, but as it stands, its simply a poor replacement for Facebook for me since I find FB creepy and as creepy as Google is, I don't have to deal with family on them.
Okay, first. Biological immortals - the Centurions. A group of powerful human beings who, thanks to a number of scientific innovations, cannot age. They can still die, so they aren't necessarily immortal, but they are immortal in that they live forever. Of course, by the time the main story takes place, most of them are dead, but that's irrelevant to this question. As for Gods, there are two main godlike beings in my world - the first(though I hesitate to order them first and second) are the Sentinels of Dawn, mechanized warriors cast in the early dawn of Time to protect and serve the Empire. Eons after the it has faded away into disexistence, they still stand guard, waiting for the day when the heir returns to bring the Empire back to it's former glory. The second is an oddity - they are, quite simply, the Past, Present, and Future, manifested as physical entities. It's weird - I know, but the way it ties into the story works it out to be a pretty cool concept.
Bastille's cover of ['What Would You Do?'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceYjUymR-wo), [original](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LahcSFleKm8) by City High.
Am I on a list for clicking that?
&gt;I'm worried that it might not sell more than a hundred copies unless the main character is a bald space marine. Erm...sarcasm I hope? If not, you have a serious misunderstanding of the modern game industry.
A number of things, some of which I'll miss: 1. Hyper Light Drifter - I really think the art for the game speaks for itself - so atmospheric and mysterious, and that's a feeling I kind of wanted to recreate. 2. Music - Catching Flies, Tycho, Stellardrone, many others all serve as a constant source of inspiration. 3. Hotline Miami - I wouldn't necessarily say this alone is an influence, or its style of gameplay is, but its narrative structure - where you aren't really sure what is real and what isn't - has been a huge influence on the way I write some of my stories. 4. Myself - A ton of my inspiration comes from inside - trains of thought, dreams, past experiences, all of these influence my stories in important, and I dare say, the most important ways.
The main problem I have with articles like that is they've been saying the same thing for *so damn long.*
Hydrogen by M.O.O.N.
Dune has all your answers, really.
Its not really about being with someone constantly so much as it is about being with someone for longer than they feel bad for you. You know, longer than a minute.
I don't think them surviving would have made a difference - America still would have lost the war, which acted as a catalyst for all the events in both games. Had they won the war, Russia never would have been in America, 50 Blessings would never exist, and there would be no nukes.
[Stop and Stare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByaPYdvUIXQ) by Fenech Soler. Really does a good job of representing how chaotic things are in my world, and how things are kind of falling apart, but the narrator doesn't want to believe that it is.
pic for proof?
This town in the middle of nowhere is clearly a metaphor for the planet Earth, which is also located in the middle of nowhere.
Do you think this bag will fit in my car?
What's it like to be considered a joke by the entire world, including Reddit?
The toilet. Seriously, the fuck do you guys got against him? He's just sitting there, minding his business when one of you assholes decides, oh, hey, I'm gonna shit on this toilet. fuck you too
GO PACK GO
Continually tell the person who gave me the money that I lost it, and he is contractually obliged to pay me back. Repeat until I have $1000.
Firefly....damn you Fox, damn you!
Care to have a seat over there, Sir? My lawyer will be right with you.
But that's 2100! Why do I have to worry about *them*?
Exactly! That's what I've been thinking for a while now. Even if we could theoretically reverse climate change, it wouldn't make a huge difference in the long run, as we'd find another way to mess this planet up. The key, then, is to adapt to the new world - whether that be changing where we grow our crops, or if we finally make a real push into space, is the actual question here.
The actual pilot, although I think with this show a lot of episodes could be switched around if you change a few scenes
Season 2 is the greatest... :(
Basically, yes?
Yeah the thing I'm kind of mad about is cause Snakes and Hanging were up so quickly. But the thing that really annoys me is [this tweet Dan made.](https://twitter.com/bastilledan/status/606877173878779904) Just, ugh, Dan, release the album if you want us to hear high quality versions!
They only have 5 songs? I was under the impression the album was already done, but maybe I'm wrong.
They should really just pay Vista owners to upgrade - after all, they made the poor fuckers buy Vista.
I should've died like the rest.
&gt;Even with rice he said it was 4/10.... man I gotta sleep my game up FTFY
Played Hotline Miami
Well, shit, I'm actually really impressed.
My only complaint with the first game is that, after playing the second so much, gameplay in the first feels a lot less frantic and doesn't control as well, at least for me.
Well I mean he's also have a thousand years worth of reddit archived on his phone
Yeah, I imagine the first accidental suicide being back in 1015 A.D. would really change how we approach gun control laws.
An interstellar spaceship that travels just below the speed of light with cryogenic chambers on board. There I am, 1015 era Rome. Spaceship sitting out on the field. People running out, curious. The pope is asking if he can come on board. Yeah, the pope. So we get on board, and we launch. Once we're out in space, we launch a curved trajectory that will take us a thousand and fifteen years to complete and land us in 2030. Me and the Pope hop out of our ship and start smokin' a joint cause by then it's legal everywhere
So is this why they called the cops when I walked into that school in my Vader costume?????
Yeah, gotta echo what others are saying - this crosses the line. I get that kids need to be educated, and I can see this as something that would be a good learning experience for high schoolers. But an 11 year old? No, they don't need this, and I'm appalled the school thinks they did. The thing that I don't get, though, is how the dad didn't know. My school always required permission slips for field trips and for watching inappropriate movies/material, and it seems odd one wasn't required for this.
I understand the students chose, but I still don't understand how there was no permission slip the parents had to sign - that seems like something they'd be required to have.
Everything does revolve around America....DO NOT LISTEN TO THESE INFIDELS
Remindme! 24 hours.
Florida man ~~strikes~~ twerks again!
Hyper Light Drifter. So excited by the premise of the game and what little gameplay I've seen.
Killing.
Castanets - You Are The Blood. From the ending of Hotline Miami 2. Such a good song
My 'deities', if you could call them that(they aren't worship or well known, but they transcend reality and have godlike powers, albeit not in the traditional sense) are literally Past, Present, and Future.
In my sci-fi universe, at least in the past(massive construction projects aren't really possible now, for a lot of reasons.), construction was done through money and time, usually by way of the immortal Centurion class. They privately funded most projects, which would take centuries and millions of laborers to complete.
yeah, the light just hasn't reached us yet
Its okay, nobody said anything nice anyway
:(
and alcohol
It's okay, leaving this world is not as scary as it sounds.
We have a pretty damn high crime rate.
I remember when I first heard that song, I was listening to it at night on repeat for an hour or so until it got stuck in my head. Then, at about 3 in the morning, I woke up with intense stomach pain and sat on the toilet for ten minutes with diarrhea. And that song was playing in my head the entire time. The most upbeat song I'd ever heard, playing while I felt like the most shit I'd ever felt like.
Owl Cities - Fireflies
I was expecting something else to come out of your son's penis and left this disappointed
Don't get in that white van with tinted windows, no matter how good the candy looks
Everything sung by Passion Pit. Seriously, I love the guy, his music is great, but I can't understand a single thing he says without referencing a lyric site.
I got no friends to speak of.
I would download Tinder just for the humor in it, and all the weird stories I've heard about it.
STDs usually are a deal breaker for me
Grip by Bastille
I'd fly into the sun.
Every redditor is interesting except for you
A girl talked to me...and then stopped
Rape
Godspeed about describes how long she talked to me.
How good I'd look with your dong in my mouth
Me
just me, sucking on it, vroom, vroom, oh yeah, you screaming, thrusting
100,000. Currently making 0
Challenge him to a suicide competition. First person to commit suicide loses.
Yeah I'll try that
Thanks :)
Aw.
Actually, we can take away their power. They need money, and if we take the money, they can't operate anymore.
fuck you too
That reward tho....you're getting cheated
How much?
When?
Just tell me where
Guess you guys weren't playing the Last of Us
Well with the internet they realized most of those strangers were really forty year old men looking to kidnap you.
&gt;"our most sacred institution, and have serious consequences for children who would grow up without a mother or father," Jensen said. So wait, this guy is willing to divorce his wife and leave his children without a proper family just to make a point? What an asshole.
Love this song! If you like this, I highly recommend checking out some of his other songs, like Magnetic and Stop And Stare. Those two are definitely my favorites, but I love Last Forever just as much!
Keep holding, buddy, keep holding
I don't see the appeal in a robot body. I'd much rather take the nanobot route.
Or you know, for rape.
I got detention for eating part of my friends brownie when he offered it to me in the bathroom. Turns out he stole the brownie. Funny thing is, the guy we stole it from, he had a box of them in the room, and he just kind of laughed about the whole thing.
Well apparently he now has the land
If so many games use this as has been stated in some of these comments, I can't help but think how much Sony fucked up when they didn't port the engine to the Vita when it first released - would have changed so much, I think.
Gotta love Curve
If you haven't already, go to Sanctuary and take on the side missions - there should be a ton there and it'll help you level up.
Somewhat, though not entirely.
Spend it all in one sitting on Candy Crush Saga
Madeon - Adventure Such a fantastic album, every single song on it is amazing. It's probably the only album I've ever listened to on straight repeat for days.
Immortality.
Which is perfect for me. I love low standards!
Sounds like a party to me
Radioactive by Imagine Dragons Cos when I cum, I'm so hot I'm radioactive
"Are you gay?" No, for the last time, I am not gay, and I'd appreciate you stop questioning my sexuality and mind your own business.
I'm finding it to be so much better not socializing with anybody outside of the bare minimum required to get by and not get questioned a lot.
(Copy/paste from above) I'm going to suggest Tycho - his latest album, [Awake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEI1_oGPQr0), is such a fantastic electronic album, but unlike a lot of other electronic album where it's solely produced by computer, Tycho features a lot of live instruments mixed in, and his live shows have a backing band. It's really cool, and at least to me, kind of bridges the gap between electronic music and other genres.
Spin it around to make it look like I'm innocent, ort if I know there's no way to do that, lessen the severity of it.
&gt;You'd need to have the confidence to talk to her Yep, there go all my chances.
Oh, well, see, as I read the rest of your comment, it just gets worse and worse after the whole 'confidence' bit.... It's gonna be a long eventually.
The book is worse so many feels
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE YOUNG MAN?? DON'T MAKE ME CALL THE POLICE I SWEAR I WILL
I can't wait till Elon Musk starts building a base on this guys property and he tries to sue him and Elon is just like, "Hahahaha suck my rocketship."
OP's mom
that is some fucked up shit
This needs to happen. Needs to.
I once saw a black cop. It was a movie.
Link?
My Droid Turbo disagrees with you. This thing can last me for a couple days with decent usage, and I can use it all day and still have 30% left at the end of the day.
Judging by your username, you must know a lot about that.
Gotta love the picture they used...fits the title perfectly
Penis
I hear George Washington gives sick head
I'm going to accrue as much debt as I possibly can so that when I die everyone else has to deal with it
I hear Ferguson is pretty racist.
Fax machines
Hey, I can hieroglyph that
Same :(
Lucky
Back at my school, we would empty pens out and tie a rubber band to the back and then shoot out the actual pens we got from taking it apart. It was a ton of fun. We even got our teacher a few times.
If you want a good site to download music directly from youtube, I'd suggest youtube-mp3.org. On a computer you can edit all the data, and upload it to whatever devices you need to - and if you're on an Android device like me, you can upload it from your computer to Google Play Music and it'll fill in most of the album info and art, and anything it doesn't you can fill in if you want. From there the only thing you have to remember is to download it onto your phone. Not the most convenient process, but it's nice when you don't have any money and can't pay for Spotify Premium.
I love PlayStation Plus - I don't have a PS4 so the PS Plus multiplayer thing doesn't affect me, but I love getting free games every month, especially since they tend to be cross buy games, so instead of getting the two Vita games, I'll get the two Vita games, a PS4 game, and maybe even a PS3 game.
On PS$ :(
It's a really nice game to relax and explore in, and the soundtrack has some wonderful artists from Ghostly.
Meta?
Probably not, unless you find an outside source for funding to go hand in hand with the Kickstarter. It's very rare for a Kickstarter to raise the sixty to seventy million dollars he said the project needed.
Pimping, maybe?
Obviously, it's the reincarnated Lord and Savior Darth Shatan. Obviously.
Tatooine also has expanses of desert, as we saw when C3PO and R2D2 first crashed.
It will have DLC that links to the movies.
Well, one "army" in one of my worlds, if you can even call it that, went on a murderous rampage, pillaged, looted, and eventually carried a nuke into the enemy's capital city. When they realized they were losing and their leader was being hanged, they detonated the nuke. Fun times, fun times.
No, the problem is that Bortderlands 2 is a massive fucking game. The studio that ported it could only do so much with it - the game is gigantic and not optimized for handhelds at all. Plus, it was a port of the PS3 port, which definitely doesn't help. RERev2, on the other hand, is a much smaller game. Smaller game, less problems.
Firefly :( It shouldn't have ended like that :( :(
[This one](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipPX0SCl7OzWilt9LnuQliattX4OUCj_8EP65_cTVnBmS1jnYgsGQAieQUc1VQWdgQ/photo/AF1QipNgXgS7fstM-FjrlvJ_KQ-rHEr7PB1DBUQKBtJT?key=aVBxWjhwSzg2RjJWLWRuVFBBZEN1d205bUdEMnhB) from the collection is by the far the creepiest one - it's so bright and colorful throughout the entire thing, until you get to the center with the red staircase like structure.
Helldivers!
Wires, powder, and a switch.
Disinterest. Apathy. It's a plague that infects us all in the end.
For some reason I imagined an old naked lady climbing up a poll and jumping onto the wires.
Mind explaining how? I'm new to KLWP.
A good real world example of that would be WW2, Cold War, and then the period of relative peace we're in now.
IT'S HAPPENING THE ROBOT REVOLUTION IS HAPPENING hide yo wife hide yo kids
I'm just waiting for a year from now when we can't tell they're bots and all their comments make perfect sense.
Love it! So glad to hear about a same day PSVita release date as PS4. Definitely gonna pick this up.
Wanna go for me? I got that "average scrawny looking type" problem and most girls I know don't seem to dig it too much
Tell that to them
PSNow is going to exist in the future - it's really the future of gaming, allowing developers to develop on any platform out there without taking the time to port it to inferior platforms. It saves a ton of money for the developer, and gains them immense profits. And it also changes the dynamic of the industry a ton - no more "console exclusives".
It was a black girl.
$500 in Borderlands 2? That shit ain't worth anything.
Mine I got as a commemoration when I went to Gettysburg. It was the 150th anniversary, and I figured since we already have an American flag, why not buy a little yard flag as a keepsake? It even says "Gettysburg 150th anniversary" on it.
I love it. Definitely gonna incorporate some of these ideas into my designs
What if you set up a string of small magnets? Would that be effective?
It already is near instantaneous.
And the alternative is to let Mars remain what, a desert with a few microorganisms here and there? An empty wasteland? That's so wasteful, when if could be so much more. Yes, invasive species on Earth are by no means a good thing, but this isn't exactly the same thing - Mars is dead, or pretty damn close to it. But we have, or will in the near future, the tools to bring it back to life. That's a beautiful thing.
He doesn't have a penis so he can't masturbate
Yours is the exception. The majority of Walmarts are filled with shitty people.
Yeah, tell me your credit card info and I can get it from there. ;)
This is my 'Madeon' inspired wallpaper, with a focus on his song 'Home'. [Link here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxq3GIxlv20) for those interested. Anyway, I made this using [KLWP](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kustom.wallpaper). The battery indicator(circle) is the default one modified to fit with the theme, as I couldn't figure out how to make one, but everything else(text, animations) was by me. Wallpaper: http://imgur.com/gallery/xWfR5/new Font: http://www.dafont.com/adventure-alphabet.font I used the Nova Launcher. No icon pack. Some of it was based off [this](http://i.imgur.com/R2KSfc6.png) but I wanted to add more functionality.
[I HAVE A WIFE!!!](http://snoopsnoo.com/u/02Alien)
Yours is the year they promise to update it. Eventually.
He only thinks there are 100 games coming. He doesn't actually know. Read the actual quote.
Minus 19 indies. One of those indies is Hyper Light Drifter. And I don't think anyone in their right mind could not count that game, even if it's indie and multiplatform.
It's already on PS Now, so I don't think that's likely.
Is this true? Is it finally happening? AM I FINALLY GETTING LOLLIPOP??? Probably not.
After the whole 10th fiasco, I've kind of given up hope. I figure, my phone will have Lollipop in a year or two when the contract's been paid off. Will it be a Turbo? Probably not. But it'll be Lollipop.
The reason that swastikas are banned in videogames in Germany is because swastikas can only be shown in a historical or artistic context. Games, unlike in the U.S. and other countries, are not recognized as a form of art.
I prefer to call it "Half truths". Although honestly, I do lie on occasion for some questions I'm not comfortable answering. But for the majority, I am honest because I know they do checks.
Are you ever going to be offering these again or is it a one time? I'd absolutely love one but don't have the money right now.
What'd that tall building in the background? The one that glows blue?
I can see self driving cars and maybe VR happening by 2020, though not to the extent you describe.
So I should cook her first???
Do you mean the song that;s currently playing?
Its choppy at times and freezes on occasion, but its completely playable, and still a ton of fun.
Awesome, thanks!
Well when you target zero, selling one is "more" than you targeted.
The final scene of Firefly.
I hear they're making that movie mostly because she's a woman.
Jokes on you! They all think I'm gay! Ha!
Huh, cause I know people who have gotten discounts for going out of state, although I guess it must depend on the college?
But can they melt dank memes?
Hey, wanna fuck? Sure.
I'd suggest using Kustom and having a black wallpaper with white text that launches the apps you want. Its pretty easy, just download Kustom if you haven't already and create a blank prefer, set background color to the darkest black, then add a new text item. Select the text and change the text to whatever you want it to say, change the size and position, then go to the touch option in the text and change Single Touch to Launch App and choose the app you want it to launch. Repeat this for each new app.
Username checks out
but if it's treated wood fuck you, you eat it
That's probably good enough to take on most North Koreans, actually
Wanna go steady? Just kidding, I can't talk to girls.
They probably don't even have ammo in their guns.
Reading this comment made me realize that I have it really lucky with my Turbo. :(
Motorola. Ha. Ha. Been waiting months for 5.1. Still on KitKat.
That you exist.
Sad Machine - Porter Robinson And Pay No Mind - Madeon ft. Passion Pit
You should seriously see about getting him professional help. This is in no way a healthy way for him to live.
Fellow Feeling by Porter Robinson. This song sends chills down my spine.
Talk to a girl
You can try and offer him an ultimatum: get help or get out. I.e, offer him a month to either pack up and leave, or see a therapist. But that's not necessarily something I'd suggest doing, since I'm no therapist and I don't know him, so I can't know what would really help with him. What I can suggest doing, and I don't know if this would actually work, but try and go to a local therapist and see what they can do to help you to motivate him to get help, or else see what things you could do to at least set him on the path towards getting help. Change is a gradual thing, and you almost have to kind of nudge him in that direction. Hope this helps :)
I'd say the added portability of the 3DS version really seals the deal for me. Nice to be able to play Xenoblade in bed. (Which is basically the only place other than my computer that I game.) That, and the fact that I don't have a Wii.
Only most of a song? Filthy casual.
Rockford Illinois....just...eww
Downtown is actually pretty busy Friday and sometimes Saturday nights, it's just that downtown is really small. Only a couple blocks where all the restaurants are. A few shops. I mean, it's not a horrible city to live in most of the time, it's just boring and has an atrocious crime rate.
Come on, Winnebago County isn't that bad! I mean, yeah, 95% of it sucks, but there's that 5% that isn't Rockford!
Basically. I have a friend from Pecatonica and we both go to school in Rockford, so whenever she's complaining about something, I keep trying to say "fuck you, you live in Pecatonica" but I don't
Yes, although I try and stream whenever possible to make up for it as best as I can. Money is hard to come by and it's easier to pay for $9.99 a month then $30 or $40 a month on albums.
Credit card number and bank credentials would be nice, too
sometimes
I'm so sorry. I'd say you could tell the police but that probably wouldn't do anything for you.
Cold War from the communists perspective. Seriously, like, were those guys actually gonna nuke us? Did they actually worship Stalin? Was there really a revolution, or was it all a conspiracy? So many questions, and they cancelled the show before the first season even finished.
Sony's gaming division is doing miles better than Nintendo, but that's the only division of theirs that's doing well.
Don't get me wrong. I love Rockford. Its where I've lived for most of my life, most of my family is within an hour drive, friends all live in Rockford. Its got some really beautiful areas, but its got a lot of really fucking terrible ones.
Oh god the west side is awful. The east side isn't too bad in some places but on the west you may as well shoot yourself, its so bad
Will you marry me instead? My wife says its cool
I love it! Feels very stock, and I love the wallpaper! Dive is such a fantastic album!
I'm genuinely scared for my life whenever I go to the West Side.
Anywhere from a day to a week, although I think most only take a few days unless major issues pop up.
Maybe look up environmental surveys of the area? I'm not entirely sure what your asking, but I know the government publishes environmental surveys of the different regions of the United States.
From what I understand, LP improves battery, and it has the battery saver mode as an added bonus.
&gt;Sometimes it feels like you're listening to the exact same song only louder. Depends on the artist really. Somebody like the Chainsmokers, yeah, its the exact same song, but somebody like Porter Robinson? Madeon? They have entire live shows that are very unique and different from their albums.
She's been confirmed to have a big role in the next movie. [Source](http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Star-Wars-Episode-8-Feature-Whole-Lot-More-One-Side-Character-101547.html)
They probably won't do a huge time skip, though, simply because the actors are already aging super fast and it'd be a bit weird to have a huge time skip but not have the actors age much from the previous season.
So they're basically Claptrap from Borderlands? Jesus that would give me a headache...
&gt;You need to listen to some Moby, Justice, Porter Robinson (especially his early stuff), waaay early Tiesto, Above &amp; Beyond, Kraftwerk, James Blake, Tycho, Burial, Son Lux, Ryan Hemsworth. Gonna add Madeon, Zedd(True Colors especially, it's a pretty diverse album), Kaskade(Automatic is likewise as diverse as True Colors, maybe even more), and Odesza to that list.
My dick being in the backpack and not on my body would cause me to cry a great deal, I think
They didn't blow up Coruscant, as it wasn't the capital for the Republic, but I'm not surprised you thought it was, they did a shitty job of showing that.
In their defense, the Empire didn't exactly treat the Outer Rims very well either. The New Republic has done even worse in that regard, and it breaks my heart. I have family out there.
&gt; I feel it hurts the Empires remnants to have him in military command. Definitely, and the same can be said for Kylo Ren. They have good intentions, but they're immature. They don't understand that the Empire is, at its heart, a government. It serves the people first and foremost, and the way they've acted - destroying entire planets for no reason, murdering innocent villagers - it isn't "empire", it's "rebel."
Can somebody make this already?
Obviously I would rickroll everybody.
Not technically zombies but Bloaters from The Last of Us are pretty damn big.
I told my English teacher before my Christmas break and he said he's been telling people about it so there's that.
Shit, how did I just realize this? You're a fucking genius.
well he says you really should so you probably definitely should trust him
Hotline Miami
It took me a long time to get to the point where I could get an A+ on just some of the earlier levels, and I still suck.
The first couple acts of Hotline Miami are really easy, but then the difficulty spikes a fuck ton and its damn near impossible. The worst part about my play through was that my game got glitched and I couldn't use the Sons best powerup on his final levels, so it was damn near impossible. And then of course the game decides to unlock it after I'd beaten the final level. Fuck you, Dennation. I spent way too much time trying to beat those levels. And I still play :(
Kinda reminds me of old fantasy book covers
1. Lionhearted 2. Sad Machine 3. Fellow Feeling 4. Years of War 5. Hear the Bells 6. Divinity 7. Sea of Voices 8. Language 9. The Seconds 10. Spitfire
Well most of the reason that they spent the entirety of season 2 on the farm can be blamed an AMC - AMC doubled the number of episodes, didn't double the budget, and a bunch of other backstage drama as others have mentioned. Had none of that happened, season 2 would have been very different from what it ended up being.
Hey, you did the right thing! Good on you for staying.
Tip: keep a rubber band wrapped around your phone/wallet/etc. It makes it a lot harder for pickpockets to get it out of your pockets that way.
Maz found it in Cloud City, which is how it ended up in her space bar.
And didn't Palpatine say that Anakin killed her? So wouldn't it kinda make sense?
There was a dumpster, I'm guessing?
Fourth level of Hell.
well now people wanna see the second one for the story, characters, etc. since TFA actually managed to make an interesting story, even if it was a bit of a rehash.
mr robot is similar
but dude. you could fuck your sister.
Shouldn't you be practicing, Aaron?
An interesting theory I've heard about why its "a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away" is because the story is being told to us from the very far future, long after it happened. It'd explain the presence of title crawls in every movie, and it'd account for humans - this is in our galaxy, but its far in the future, and being told even farther in the future.
It wasn't a full album though, it was an EP release.
Limit Theory, when it releases anyway. It's a procedural, infinite space sim with a huge focus on moddability and proceduralism, so there's an pretty damn near infinite amount of things I can do, with and without modding. Highly doubt I'd ever get bored.
"I am your father" was never said in Empire.
Well yeah, Darth Plagueis is kind of an important part of the film, especially with all the theories going around that Snoke is Darth Plagueis.
I liked that movie! It wasn't an amazing or particularly "deep" movie, but it was a fun movie and had a lot of enjoyable moments to it.
Sound is gone? Got a DL link?
That episode where they found the guns is still one of my favorite in the series - it felt like such a pivotal moment in the show's development, where now things were actually serious. They were warriors now. And the callback to one of the final scenes from that episode that's in the season 2 finale actually gave me chills.
":D" yeah...
Yes.
Such a cool line. Really made me fall in love with the show.
I'd fucking love a Jar Jar Binks movie. r/DarthJarJar
even here in Iran? brb getting married
every single one of them
everything
&gt;Still, it's The 100, you never know. Definitely! maybe they built more domes in south america?
Except literally every phone with a sim card in it has the capability to send and receive text messages, even if nobody uses it.
nope they didn't
&gt; The best thing to do is probably complete the zone, leave the boss for later, do East or West to power-up, then finish off Box-bird. that's exactly what i did. definitely makes the game easier.
anything really. been playing a ton of overwatch but before that I played Hyper Light Drifter since I'd been waiting for that game to release for a while. also still working on getting through like 30 different saved of Borderlands 2.
&gt; Alie said her drones first detected it 4 months ago That was probably right around the time the Ark came down, actually. It was 6 months ago ago that Pike held his classes. 2 weeks after that, the 100 went down. Likely a month or so after that, the Ark would have come down.
&gt;forgot what it was called - not sms or mms...) RCS
&gt;It implies guilt it doesn't just imply guilt, it legally requires it.
&gt;Its also a new show so unlike GOT where there were assays about its themes by the time it came out, here you can feel like a pioneer.. Not to mention that it doesn't follow a book like GOT, so there's a ton more room for theorizing about what's gonna happen next.
they got rid of their gallery app? that's awesome, it's always felt like such a useless app with how robust Google Photos is.
do it! find some people in your area, reach out to the gay community in your area. Make it happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwofRzkROo4 Yep, at around 1:46:25. Best part of the conference.
not just on the go, but with the motion controls of the Vita. so much better than with a controller.
i'm hoping(praying, at this point) for at least one more AAA first party game before they give it the axe, but i got a feeling they've already given it the axe by now.
1. discovered them through the radio. Pompeii &lt;3 2. EDM. esp porter Robinson, Madeon(la lune feat. Bastille &lt;3), Flume, etc. some indie. 3. no :( 4. Chicago, 24
i feel like at this point that's taking pictures of random things and putting them on Instagram just to read through all the hilarious shipper comments.
Question for the developers, how useful will this be towards plotting a way to find eachother in game? I was planning to work with a group of friends and possibly post something on here(I've been figuring out a system, but its not final yet) but if NMS Origins can do it all that'd be great.
&gt; The only thing that could make up for the finale is good story telling. come on, let's be real, this is the Walking Dead we're talking about. we all know that isn't gonna happen.
&gt;weaponry please god no. I can understand armor and the like, but weapons? That's a bad idea, and has some very very scary implications.
if anything, the tremendous success of the PS4 should allow them to prop the Vita up a bit and release a first party game every once in a while.
definitely, I loved that Ark, but Gimple didn't write it all, and after the governor arc things did start going downhill.
&gt; She could pardon herself at that point. and by doing so she would have to admit guilt. not exactly something that would go over well with a lot of people.
Star Citizen has a pretty big multiplayer component to it though, so that will help it a ton.
Use a VPN. It's free in America.
As somebody from the US, I don't get it either, and I think the same can be said about the average citizen.
haha i never said it was bad, just not as good as TLOU.
&gt; Negan's nice, but some of those lines...cheese overload, I tell you. Pee Pee Pants City? those lines felt so wrong in the show. i can kinda understand them in a comic, but they just didn't feel like they fit in with the tone of the show.
Trying not to kill myself
I would love a download so much
one teacher i had back in high school was very good at this. it was for a history class, and instead of assigning busy work for homework, we either got short worksheets(typically first hand accounts of what we were learning) or had to write a poem, haiku, political cartoon, etc, related to a topic we were learning about. it was enjoyable, relevant to what we were learning about, didn't take a massive amount of time, but also made us to some degree think about it.
&gt; Do Americans not know their own history? most likely not, no.
is there any chance of these working/being patched to work with the PS4 version?
[Supply side Jesus](http://imgur.com/gallery/bCqRp)
Guess what. Both fucking things can be equally disgusting. I in no way am okay with the DNC's behavior. I'm also in no way okay with Russia's behavior. One being a terrible thing does not negate the other.
It's Always Swampy in Washington
The Nintendo Switch is probably the closest you'll ever get to it, as its being developed in part by Nvidia.
do you know where in the Bible that was?
Portable. I have a PS4 so most of my TV gaming is done on that, but the Switch will definitely be my portable device, as my internet connection sucks and there aren't any Vita games I'm interested in anymore
To add onto your fifth point, some games will have offline bot mode which, while not as challenging as multiplayer, can help you get used to things, especially in regards to the map layouts.
seriously, it would have been so much more tragic and so much more in line with his character. Glenn's entire thing was that he always saw the good in people and tried to help people (Rick in S1) and so naturally even after Nicolas fucked up Glenn was willing to forgive him and still see the good. Then to have said belief in the good in people lead to his death is just so beautifully tragic I wanted him to die there. but nah, let's kill him a few episodes later.
Might be A/B testing
no I'm pretty sure OP meant Bernstain
fucking hell, I wanna know if he's going to expose national secrets to Russia. its not like you can deny the president security clearance, and unless the CIA goes rogue, Trump will be able to know and sell everything.
do you have a file manager on your device? if so you should be able to dig down into the preset/widget and find them there.
it'll have subtitles I think, but not English narration. I could be wrong tho
WHERE IS ZELDA DAMMIT
or more like, shit, this could happen to us too, and if we find out how it happened to America we can prevent it happening to us, if it hasn't already.
I always love seeing these pop up on my front-page, going into the comments, and finding out it's from a game. Awesome sprite work, and I'll definitely be keeping an eye on your game.
or it could have been that if he didn't, people from the NY FBI would have leaked it anyway. That's one of the justifications I saw for it at least
I'm going to laugh so fucking much when China ends up being the sole superpower 10 years from now. that is, if I'm still alive.
ಠ_ಠ
It could be the game itself is finished and shippable, but they still are trying to add things like HD rumble support and better framerate/graphical performance/resolution, so it isn't technically finished.
they could probly bring the resolution up to at least 1080p when docked.
I see Google is trying to compete with Bing over the NSFW market.
Trump doesn't really retweet things though, does he?
That show is relevant in damn near everything
From what I understand, Manning gets a commutation because she faced trial, whereas Snowden fled to Russia. Because whether or not you agree that the leaks were a good thing(and I think they are) he still broke the law, and should face trial as Manning did.
&gt; You can't come back from that. Thats entirely true, but the way I see it, killing Han, his father, was the final nail in the coffee. Ordering people on those planets to be killed is definitely terrible, but liking your own father, after he came to you forgivingly, is something else entirely.
&gt; I have YouTube Red already if you already have YouTube Red you should also have a subscription to Google Play Music. They're both included in the same thing. As for benefits, the main thing is that you can upload up to 50,000 of your own songs, and if it's one that is in their database they'll match it, which is nice if you have a shitty MP3 you obtained through other means. That feature does however work even without a subscription. I've also found their radios are nicer, but that's just personal preference.
Probably not, considering that they helped Nintendo make the Switch.
&gt; Trump will create an internal security force that will monitor opposition within the United States. This will be done covertly and later when it is discovered, the argument will be made that it was for the security of US citizens. This kind of already exists though, what with the NSA and everything with that, so there is definitely precedent for it.
That's basically how I feel about it at this point too. If I were in a situation where I had long commutes I would, but I don't have long commutes. It is, however, perfect for playing in bed. Mostly for Minecraft these days, but hopefully the Switch improves on the game front.
&gt; Then again, if it's as straight forward as "click on the game you want to play and play," and not " this is the new Waru Waru Plaza," I really hope it's like this. I just wanna play my games.
can you upload the image you used?
&gt; apparently we can change the nationality of our Nintendo Account at any given time on the My Nintendo website settings so accounts will be region-free too in a way. Only worry is what'll happen to your balance if you switch countries up. it probably won't change the e-shop settings, as it says those are set at account creation.
Clinton typically has had higher approval ratings while actual in office versus campaigning so there's really no way to know for sure.
ELI5: what does a regulatory freeze mean?
At this point I'd honestly he rather not be extradited here and be interrogated in Spain.
if you're so worried about getting attacked just show up looking like a normal freaking person. It's not that hard. Jeans, T Shirt, Coat if you're cold. It isn't as if every single person in D.C. is a freaking protestor. There are actual people that live there. Also, I'd love to see some pictures of this "riot" that you're so afraid of.
Way to stereotype dude. Is all of you clothing covered in Trump's face or something?
Prove it, if it's so accurate.
There's a difference between small government and ineffective government.
Because it's generally in our interests to be an economic super power, and isolationism does not help that.
And he talked about transmission lines. No way in hell Trump knows what those are.
The Onion hasn't posted anything really "positive" of Trump
You had to have been born in the US to run.
&gt; not Hannity though, he's too predictable in sucking up to Trump we should probably call him just to make sure
i support this cause
let's face it, even Jesus would have supported single payer.
people lost their homes and livelihoods and our President is complaining to everyone about how unfair the media is. what a classy fucking guy /s
and [this](https://twitter.com/DeptofDefense/status/823515639302262784)
definitely, yeah, I wasn't trying to say that Kasich had more backbone than McMullin.Just saying how, after these four years, chances are Kasich will still be around and relatively clean of the stain of Trump.
And there are all the emerging markets in Asia, India, etc The rest of the world will definitely be fine without America.
The Play Store is really shitty on the PS4, but otherwise it's super fast. It stutters a little but is never actually slow.
&gt; dlc pack Blood and Wine for The Witcher. well if this influenced the story at all... I'm excited
The difference is most fictional dystopias have a good ending
How many are businesses actually owned and operated by him?
&gt; And we've got to consider the damage done to cartels and hard drug smuggling, there are numerous knock-on benefits that aren't often considered. The cartels have billions of dollars backing them and a pretty huge demand in the US. A wall won't do much to stop them.
&gt; If not now, when else is going to be a right time to shutdown their services in protest? when Trump and his cronies gut net neutrality will be a pretty good time. but they can certainly do it multiple times.
how do you know that? data to back up your point?
Because Russia's only economic power comes from oil, and nobody is buying oil from them. If they get countries like the US and countries in Europe to collapse they can sell oil.
&gt; It's likely Trumps election ends that and brings back extremists to the Iranian government. Hopefully the opposite happens and they move even further away from extremism, but you're probably right that that won't happen now.
The Senate won't be nearly as hard as the House would be.
I think a lot of America has a heroin problem.
it's probably still somewhere relatively close to the bunker, otherwise she wouldn't have found the Nightblood
no, they'll block it, or attempt to. the GOP is only about State's rights so far as it helps their cause. see: marijuana laws
&gt; They are going to make clean/renewable energy illegal? Most likely this. They've done it before in relation to fiber optics (it's why Google Fiber stopped getting built, ISPs lobbied to get it banned in cities they've built it before) and I remember reading somewhere that a few cities won't allow you to use solar panels for your power. there's definitely precedent, and I would not rule it out as something Republicans would try.
Banning a religion won't make a difference, and if anything it'll make things worse.
"Nobody knew presidenting was this hard"
&gt; The bunker's population number probably took population growth into account. They had to do it on the ARK all the time, so they probably afforded for that. or they put everyone on the same implant the Arkers were on.
nope
let's face it, this is a problem across the entire industry, not just Nintendo.
if Clarke were there: I BBQ'ed grounders (and they tasted fantastic), oven roasted Mt Weather (not as meaty as the grounders, but a better cut of meat), and killed a shit ton of people in between it all. oh, and I unintentionally cooked up 362 of my own people cos I let Bellamy open the door. didn't get to eat them, but I imagine they tasted great. we were doing a cannibal theme with this post, right?
can somebody explain what the hell is going on haven't been on these forums in over a month and haven't played the game in longer
&gt;Looking at the 2014 video (...I know...) it almost looked to me like you walk into the "past" of a particular world/planet. Indeed, I look at so many wasteland planets and say "damn, this place looks like it used to be an ocean - what with the coral and anemones all about!" that would definitely be cool, but i'm not sure it's incredibly practical to make.
part of me would love them to, but only if it's something that makes the game significantly more fun to play, not necessarily just portals (as its looking to be) plus, if they do show up, it'll be under Sony, and Sony has a lot of other stuff I'd rather see over No Man's Sky.
&gt; The 3DS was amazing for its time, we've got HD portable now I mean, we had HAD portable at the time of the 3DS with the Vita, it just got horrible support and was wayyyy overpriced. up until the Switch, Nintendo's handhelds have always been hilariously underpowered for what is possible at the time, instead relying on neat but pretty useless gimmicks like a 3D screen or a camera(Seriously, why were cameras on handhelds ever a thing?)
am i the only one not expecting anything related to The Last of Us II?
it's a mind game the writers play on us. they post completely random pictures that have nothing to do with the show. why? because they know we'll theorize about them. and they like to torture us
Mostly indie games and the few triple A western games released on it. I'm not a huge JRPG fan, however r/Vita will have a ton of suggestions for games to play. Of the few JRPGs I've played though, Persona;4 Golden is easily the best and one of the best Vita games
This is probably the only bright side to all this bullshit. People in history classes 100 years from now will be taking courses on memes, piss hookers, and so much of the "this isn't real" shit that has happened
And now I see why Link never talks.
If you use it through the Custom Navigation Bar app it still works and they can still be changed
wait what does it use then?
&gt;Edit: Well damn, they also removed the navigation bar settings too. Try seeing if you can edit them in the Custom Navigation Bar app.
&gt; I don't think he would willingly perjure himself under oath "Hillary made him do it!1!1!!1!!!!"
I can see a few additional conflicts arising in this season as well. I can see a conflict forming between Bellamy and Octavia in regards to Echo. Octavia banished her with the full intent of having her die out there, so I imagine finding out that she's not only alive, but that Bellamy trusts and likely cares for her will create a huge rift between her. I can also see conflicts arising in the bunker. Based on all we've seen of the grounders in the past four seasons, I cannot see them abandoning their clan rivalries. Indra herself said without a leader the clans wouldn't unite, and I can't see them leading well for 6 years on limited resources, especially for the grounder clans. Skaikru will be fine - they've been through it all before and worse, but the grounders (from what we've seen) have never dealt with this kind of situation. Because of this, I can see Skaikru acting as mediators between the clans, as they know how hard it is to live like the Bunkerkru are living, but they also know it's possible to survive it. I can see Kane leading this. I can see this conflict being amplified when Spacekru and Bunkerkru are reunited with each other and back out on the surface fighting for food/land in the tiny patch of livable land. I can also see Echo playing into this (which is part of why I think they made her a regular). Echo was an Ice Nation spy and is likely the highest member of their chain of command left alive. Grounders love tradition, so I can see the Ice Nation clan and their allies, if they have any, looking towards Echo as a leader. Echo can either join them or be like "y'all I just spent 6 years getting baked up in space, I'll pass on your dumbass fight." I can also, of course, see a conflict between the Bunkerkru/Spacekru and Miningkru. As I've mentioned before in other threads, I think nightblood will play a big role in this. The show's never really tackled racism, and I can see it being a theme of the next season. As for Clarke, I feel like her conflicts won't really be with Spacekru or Bunkerkru too much, and instead will focus more on the conflict with the Spacekru. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a "save Madi or save your friends" decision thrown in there. I do, however, agree with you that I think there'll be a "save the day" moment.
&gt; Just seems strange that they would get rid of one of them offscreen. Jason has said they won't kill characters offscreen unless outside factors play in, i.e., another show prevents them from working on The 100, like what happened to Lexa.
I think the main thing with the racism is that while yes, there have been undertones of it, especially with Pike, it was always more of a "you've invaded our land" conflict for the grounders and a "please don't kill us we wanna live" for the Arkers. The only time the racist undertones were present was with Pike in S3 and Bellamy in S1 with his "we are grounders" but it wasn't really present there. I can definitely see it explored this season, but rather than skin tone, blood color
What about American football? for when it comes back, at least
They should be bundled (mine are) and should be low priority so they should be minimized notifications
I watched through to the end of Season 7. It's quite literally a season of doing nothing for them all to end up at the same outcome as the last finale/premiere, except things go their way this time and there isn't a shitty cliffhanger. it's a really shitty show now.
&gt; What would you rather have happen to you? I mean, it's not like there aren't other places they can send them. They are wizards after all.
Can Nintendo even release a Switch mini? in order to be smaller, it'd require completely new Joycons, Joycon grips, etc, and I cannot see them doing that. The Switch is small enough as it is (it's smaller than most iPads, and people carry those around fine). I can see them updating the internal three or four years down the line but I can't see a different size Switch that requires different sized Joycons and peripherals.
Anyone know where to buy that shirt/have it made? it's absolutely my favorite shirt from the show.
I feel like the fact that they're including Ultimate Team and such(which they've never done on a portable - sad Vita user) means they won't gimp it too much. The lack of Frostbite could easily be because they haven't had the time to port it or are waiting for the Switch to sell more (i.e., get in stock consistently) before they port it over.
not sure sexism will be a huge issue they tackle - it's a topic they've completely avoided and have kind of treated sex/sexuality as another characteristic of a person and not something of a conflict. Plus, the pre-ALIE time period where the miners would have been sent out was in the 2040s/2050s, and considering the trend of things gender/sexuality likely won't be a major issue by then. Racism, on the other hand, at least in the US, seems like a problem that won't go away for a long time.
It's a custom engine.
&gt; With all that said, they can do almost anything they want with the miners. Walking in as villains, and painting them as criminals from the get go, its not far fetched for them to be dicks to whatever groups the writers choose. oh yeah that's definitely true and I agree with everything you've said, but as you said, it'd be incredibly hard to pull the sexism card. and not to mention, if both Ark Society and Mount Weather society are similar to the old world society, sexism wasn't a huge issue for these people. Now of course, that could be from 100 years of survival, but if the Miners are from a similar colony they would have likely gone through the same process. Not to mention it wouldn't really make, at least imo, a very compelling conflict. A more racist, "black blood vs red blood" would feel more compelling (we've already seen what nightblood can do) and would allow for interesting scenarios with Clarke being a nightblood but her friends not.
make sure the Pixel launcher has access to your notifications
I wonder whether, based on this trailer and the name, if this book is at least in part based on what happened at the end of the last novel. [Spoiler for Metro 2035](/s At the end of the novel, Artyom manages to get a car and escape Moscow with it. The Order guards, who normally killed anyone who tried to escape because they thought the war was still going on did not stop Artyom and let him leave.) Would be really neat to see them follow this through, as I don't think there will be any other books.
hoping they pull a bit from Horizon Zero Dawn and include lore bits and stories as collectibles that can be found. Really loved the way Horizon used collectibles, especially the Vantage Points, and I hope Anthem has some of that.
yes, it is translated, and very good. it's a sequel to 2033, but it doesn't really follow Last Light at all.
Last Light takes place in 2034 but is a completely separate story. The book 2034 follows the story of Hunter during/after 2033.
It all depends on how the game runs and which parts of the hardware it uses. Optimization can and usually does help, but it can only get you far.
I will die if Rocket League is announced for Switch on Tuesday.
it would have been okay if it had been like previous Switch trailers where there was a person taking the Switch around with them but instead it was just against a blank white canvass...
Nintendo's at least won't have any filler shit, it'll be all games since it's only 25 minutes.
&gt; Because if that were the case, then it would kinda make sense why Sony doesn't want it on their system if that were the case Nintendo wouldn't be in it either, since they're launching their online service next year.
Does the new one have skirmish mode though? Because that was really the only fun mode other than galactic conquest. (and online, ofc)
And Nintendo's conference/Direct is tomorrow. We've already gotten 5 games from other studios.
Fifa, Mario Rabbids, Starlink, and Minecraft Crossplay/servers (not really a game, but a significant thing to release for sure)
PlayStation's YouTube works fine. A little quiet, but that might just be my shitty speakers.
Horizon DLC but that's literally it. and nothing new announced either. E3 has definitely been disappointing this year.
hopefully Nintendo makes up for the others disappointing conferences
&gt; but there is no way Aloy is equipped enough (right now) to take down a HORUS. So much this. Some of the modern world best trained soldiers, equipped with the most advanced technology of the time, could barely take them down. No way in hell a tribal woman with a bow and a shield can.
&gt; but maybe something went ary and it froze the area, hence "The Frozen Wilds". it takes place in Yellowstone, so that's not likely. I do think she is going after an AI though.
If Mueller is fired I hope the pee-pee tape leaks.
I'm just mad it's another forest apocalypse. We've had way too many of those lately. I wanna see more unique environments.
Watch Dogs too
I wanna see gameplay of it. Not that I hated the original gameplay, but I really wanna see something that is more than just Uncharted with crafting and zombies.
OHMY GOD YES
Minions
Most likely. I'm glad they didn't though - it's info I wanna know, but I'm glad E3 is all about the games.
I mean, isn't that kind of the whole point of E3? Show some stuff that's coming this year, but show a shit ton of stuff that's coming out next year or the year after
Actually, it's because Sony has a bigger market share and don't wanna lose out on that. It's why they wanted cross network play with the PS3 - it wasn't the lead console of that generation.
they even said that it'd only focus on games coming out this year oh my god oh my god
Wait, wouldn't it looking like Sonic'06 make you want to buy the game?
I mean, if they don't have multiple save files, you can launch the game under a different user and it'll be a separate save.
&gt; If Nintendo is winning this year, it's only because they genuinely sucked for the last few and are finally paying attention to what people want and not what gimmick they can shove down people's throats - which is kind of what VR feels like right now but not quite as bad yet. That definitely helps, but also the fact that their conference had no filler, and they showed gameplay of games coming out this year but snuck in a fee surprise announcements. Most of the other conferences, on the other hand, were largely focused on games that didn't even have release dates (this is especially true with Sony)
Probably. The reason they haven't now is because the team that develops Animal Crossing is working on Splatoon 2.
Considering the poster above you made up both those things on the spot, I don't think it matters who the DNC nominates.
&gt; and then completely ignored showing anything new for USUM, which are coming in 5 months. I mean, it's a Switch only conference (can't blame them, 3DS is on its last legs) and is there really anything to see? USUM from what I understand are basically the "third" game, and not really a new game or anything
Hell, most pants or shorts for girls don't even have pockets.
Especially hearing Jasper cry out for Monty in that scene, yet earlier in the season fighting with Monty. Just a really cool juxtaposition and really highlights Devon's skill as an actor.
iirc, B2 were actual sequels to BW while this is just an "alternative story" i.e, emerald or crystal version. but I could be wrong
The Theme Display option (which allowed you to change it) was intentionally removed from DP3 so probably not
I'd love to see a new IP that isn't a generic third person action game with zombies or robots. Not that I don't love those, but it's felt like every Sony IP of late is some take on that.
&gt; Yea, remember how viral the TLOU2 trailer went on its own, without any other E3 noise to distract people from it? Sucks but it makes sense. That's a fair point, and I can imagine the news from Nintendo's press conference would have overshadowed that at least a little bit.
only seven? wow you must not be a true fan
I just want meaningful gameplay. I want factions to actually mean something. It's better now, but it's still so underwhelming. Nothing feels connected.
Something like the zoning technology used in Limit Theory(unreleased, but it was demoed a fee years back in a Dev video) would be absolutely amazing.
Sometimes they have bits of dialogue that have been cut.
Space is easily the most disappointing aspect of this game, in both looks and gameplay, but just fixing the damn looks would do a lot for me
No, because the signal worked before. Mount Weather crashed the Exodus ship, but they weren't blocking contact between Earth and the Ark.
&gt; free aiming with a real functional joystick so much yes. this needs to happen. it'd be so dumb not to have it.
oh no i'm not saying that at all, but I can see the gameplay becoming more seamless and animated
I can definitely see that. The top down perspective works fine on a 240p screen, but isn't as enjoyable in 720p/1080p on a TV
There aren't any custom fonts which is what I really want.
I just want it to run well. The interface is so slow and laggy.
&gt; People are spaced fully clothed This is most likely because it's a CW TV show and floating people butt naked would be a little over the top.
On the other hand, if she did the complete opposite and became fully Skaikru it'd create the potential for some pretty big conflict between her and Bunkerkru. I imagine both Indra and Octavia will be pissed she's still alive.
shit should i call an ambulance
The aspect ratio I wouldn't mind nearly as much as rounded corners.
I mean, if most of the game is set above ground and outside of Moscow, it can't really be an alternate story to 2035. 2035 ended with them escaping the Metro, and this game seems to be picking up from there. There will no doubt be differences but it seems like it's more closely related to 2035 than it is Last Light.
I think people are annoyed because they seem to be making this elaborate ARG for what will probably amount to a basic update that won't significantly change the game in a meaningful way.
Seriously, like I love Bernie and LOVE progressive ideas, but Jesus Christ this sub is horrible. Instead of pushing for progressive candidates, all it does is hate on Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. Like, I get it, the Dems aren't perfect. But they're also the only way to push progressive ideals. So you can either suck it up and work with them where you have to (while also pushing progressive candidates and ideas) or you can bitch about the election. The latter choice, weirdly enough, reminds me of a certain orange skinned President...
Isn't it a little unfair to count all trailers, since you can view each of the trailers and it's 1 view for each? plus some games may have been uploaded more than others.
I don't think so. Jason has been pretty clear that, unless an actor has other obligations that prevent them from being in the next season (like what happened with Alycia) then they'll survive till at least the premiere. I can see Emori dying at some point, but probably not off screen or in a flashback.
Sony should have just saved the Last of Us II announcement for E3.
I don't think they will. iirc the switch was to kill ALIE. so there's no way for her to be alive. besides, if she were, we'd already know by now, since they already restarted the Ark and had a scene in it. If ALIE were still alive, it'd have been shown or mentioned then. Not to mention that leaving a huge plot point like that for after the break(where it would feel forces) is pretty bad writing.
Just curious, is there ant particular reason that languages use gendered words?
I want a boomerang.
I mean, it doesn't revert per se but it does have a major reset and return to S1, which is I think what OP wants.
I think they've gone to war. A few reasons for it. 1) We don't know the size of the bunker. All we know is that it can hold at least 1200 people, but it could easily be more. The writers have a lot of wiggle room there. 2) The grounders aren't used to those conditions. They've never, from what we've seen, had to deal with rationing or cramped living quarters. Never had to deal with limited supplies like they will be. 3) Skaikru is pissed and in power. Skaikru is the only one that knows how to operate the bunker, but they're also reasonably pissed because 300 of their own were killed after they had already all been safe, even if how they got to be safe was illegitimate. 4) Octavia. Jason has said in interviews she'll be in a place people don't expect, but I think there were a few hints to it in her last conversation with Bellamy. a) The girl under the floor and b) Prometheus. Both, obviously, references to S1, but given the "reset" that S5 will be, I can see them being a hint of things to come for her. 5) Echo. They made her actor a regular for a reason, and I don't think it was availability concerns like was no doubt the reason Zach became one. She is, at the end of S4, a banished Ice Nation scout/spy. I think both of these things will come into play. Her banishment, obviously, will cause conflict with Octavia and Indra. Both of them never expected her to live, so seeing her alive after 6 years and more importantly seeing her with Bellamy and probably pretty close to him will piss them both off. Likewise, her position as one of the only surviving Ice Nation commander types will come into play with the grounder conflict I anticipate. Ice Nation and their allies will likely ask her to lead them, and she either gives them the finger and goes with Bellamy, or she betrays Bellamy. I would obviously prefer the latter option, but I can see them pulling the former. At the very least I expect her to be conflicted no matter what choice she makes.
any new music in it?
https://goo.gl/photos/PrsbfH1M6kR24kQp8 sorry about the shitty quality. Stephen demoed it on his Snapchat a couple months back but we haven't heard anything since.
I bet James Comey could.
I mean, it's also a district that has voted reliably red, so I don't exactly blame them for putting up a centrist instead of a more left wing Bernie Sanders type. Those types will never win in these red districts.
I definitely thought the Becca hallucination was ALIE, but i'm glad they didn't go that route. I'd rather have a completely new plot for S5 then a retread of ALIE, especially since ALIE was one of the least compelling plots of the show imo
I could see that, but I don't think it'll happen. Kane was already on the list, and so was Abby, so I don't see any reason for them to abandon him. Not to mention, it'd be pretty pointless to wait for the next season to explain it - not only cos of the time skip but also cos of the lost emotional weight of the decision. Unless his actor gets a new gig, I can't see them killing him off screen like that. The time to kill people in the death wave is over.
Bernie would be proud of you. /s
loved this! not the best thing I've ever seen but it was seriously well done especially for a short film. are there more episodes coming or was this a one time thing?
awesome, I'm looking forward to it!
&gt; Shortly after Raven and the gang landed on the Ark, a bunch of people come out of one of the halls point guns at all of them and take them as prisoners where they spend 6 years as prisoners being questioned about who they are, how they came back, and what's on Earth. Problem with that: we've already seen Raven and Bellamy on the Ark after they restored air and power. They stood at Jaha's window and talked. There's also the fact that they never could have gotten onto the Ark without power, which it didn't have when they got up. It wouldn't make sense for them to restore power to the ring then shut it down for no reason at all, as they would have had no way of knowing about Bellamy and crew coming up.
Yeah, that's the one that makes sense. Pokemon has always been a yearly thing, so it'd make sense for them to still make that window, although I wouldn't be surprised if the wait between games gets bigger. (since it's HD)
This so much. Keep with it, OP.
Not just that - him closing the spaceship("dropshit") door is a literal role reversal from the S1 finale.
Yeah, him dying in battle would have felt impersonal and uncharacteristic. For somebody like Roan it makes perfect sense - much of his persona was fighting, but Lincoln was a lot more, so to have him die in a plain old fight wouldn't have done his character justice imo
I'd rather see a new Resistance game TBH. Killzone already has a PS4 game, but Resistance has nothing.
I mean, Breath of the Wild isn't exactly cartoonish, and I'm not sure that's exactly what OP is going for.
How exactly does [this](http://assets1.ignimgs.com/2017/03/03/2017022316202500-f1c11a22faee3b82f21b330e1b786a39-1488582375943_1280w.jpg) look similar to [this?](https://static.tumblr.com/9c7a15a98edf6b1e9e0e58b55bbb8434/1p837fx/I3Mnz7irz/tumblr_static_tumblr_static_djtm7x6p2ds8oog0s8g8wc8kk_640.jpg) Just because something isn't hyper realistic doesn't mean that it's automatically "cartoonish." BoTW may use a more artistic art style, but its still way closer to Horizon than it is to SpongeBob.
I feel like the shit that social media has become is less a reflection of social media itself and is rather a reflection of us.
A few problems with that: 1) how do they get the AI? and furthermore, how do they even find out about it? the only reason they found out about it was because she died and Murphy happened to be in the room (and thus knew it was an AI) 2) what happens next season? (spoilers S4)[with the whole Death Wave, if she were exiled, they would have had to bring her back to the bunker/space. problem with this is that 1) she would have been exiled/thought dead, 2) Roan never would have worked for Clarke without the Flame (as he knew it had Lexa in it, which convinced him that she was serious and 3) the writers would have had to not only deal with all of this but also somehow find a way to bring Alycia back for filming, and because she'd likely have a big role in the plot, they'd have to bring her back for most episodes or end up killing her anyway, in which case it's better for the sake of the show she die in S3, since it advanced the plot and the characters.] 3) what plausible scenario could she have been "excommunicated"? she was one of their best warriors and the commander. some may have grown angry with her, but most would not because it was their tradition to obey their commander. 4) how do they account for her missing for the rest of the season and Clarke not following her? or Lexa not following Clarke? They both loved each other, so I'm not really sure there's really any reason for them to leave each other, nor any reason to then ignore Lexa for the rest of the season. and the biggest of all, 5) she'd weigh down the show, for all the reasons I listed above and likely many more. Because they could probably only end up getting her for 1 or 2 episodes, they'd have to for the entire season account for where she is, and come up with excuse after another for why Lexa disappeared again, to the point where she is pretty much dead anyway. then somehow they'd have to bring her back for at least the final two episodes and save her, because if they didn't then there'd be no point in having prevented her death in the first place. I didn't want Lexa to die, but it had to happen. If Alycia hadn't been in FTWD then they could have kept her, but real life got in the way. Keeping her alive would just complicate things to the point where it's not worth it, because they could easily have ended up only being able to use her for one episode in S4.
I guess I should preface it by saying that I didn't really like Uncharted 2.
I assume the writers do most of the song choices.
&gt; 4) The scene where Clarke and Madi spot the Eligius Prison Transport ship. oh man I'm so mad that song wasn't on the sound track, it's easily one of my favorites.
I mean, if Republicans do it, why shouldn't we? Not saying Democrats should endorse that position, but if a bunch of news stories were to go trending that Republican candidates are abortion supporters and literally eat babies, it definitely can't hurt. Fight fire with fire.
How long did it take to port to PS4?
&gt; I think that a true AR device is going to look like a pair of eye glasses See: Google Glass. Google may have stopped selling it but there's no way they're done developing it. It's the future of mobile technology.
&gt; Plus, we have Clarke/Madi relationship, which will be a mother/ daughter bond so they probably won't make one of the other couples also parents. Plus if any of them had a baby it'd end up being, at the oldest, about 5 years old. Which would be a huge burden on the show from a practical standpoint and wouldn't, at least imo, do a lot for the story. At best it'd serve as another thing for characters to disagree on, but we already have Madi for that, and unlike whatever kid Bunker/Spacekru may have, Madi can actually be fleshed out and serve the plot. The same can't really be said for a toddler.
&gt; but it is likely that Octavia never got the implant since she was unknown she was in prison for a while so she was likely given one then.
My ship: http://imgur.com/a/40Oo1 The Viper.
&gt;Cheyenne Mountain I'm really really curious to see how this fared in the world of the 100.
I mean, I feel like a lot of that has less to do with the infrastructure itself being built and more to do with the countries themselves. Poor, corrupt countries are a lot less likely to make use of Olympic structures after the Olympics than first world countries are.
wait, what content does it unlock?
I'd love it. It isn't as if games with good multiplayer automatically mean the single player suffers. Think Uncharted, TLOU, etc. Good multiplayer does not automatically mean bad single player, and it isn't as Nintendo would accept one of them being gimped.
Especially since 2 came to Vita. They've done handheld ports before, and the Switch is perfect for one.
Well considering Cyberpunk is based on a tabletop RPG, I can see it being closer to Skyrim than to the Witcher.
Are you ever planning to release a full album?
Unless it's the 100 and then it's just about the opposite (barring the rocky bits of S3)
His lawyer tried to argue it, but he went full crazy during the deposition anyway. so I doubt it's an act.
