There is a "Dynamic War" option in Long War that let's you set the game to be shorter than vanilla or even longer than normal Long War mod. I have not tried it though.
I love Enemy Within as the new abilities you could get made you feel like you could get some trully powerful characters in your squad. That said I'd recommend playing it on hard difficulties, as some of the abilities are really freaking good.
Link for those who are lazy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXND6fkW4zM
I couldn't get into fallout 3 for the exact same reason. New Vegas had factions and even characters from previous fallout games. 3 opted to ignore all the story that was built in the previous games.
I'm the same but with Revan. Disney I need Revan to exist. Please make him canon.
I miss the old buildings and armies, forts, watch towers.
And probably wouldn't include non blood relatives, Hillary is presumably not blood related to Bill.
I would support a raise of the minimum age to serve to 21.
And Wisconsin.
Sounds pretty reasonable.
I do and I up voted this post. Same thing I do with the other things I read. What more did you want? Looking at the nays there is disappointing and I'll be sure to vote against my senator for voting yay, though both of my senators are republican.
GTA I switch from controller and keyboard depending on if I'll be driving more or shooting more. Personally I don't know what this guy is so worried about, I'm super pumped to play some games with my PS4 friends. We need MORE cross platform games.
Do they not realize that we get fallout as well....
You jokester you. That's what dlc is for.
I expect it will be fun actually. But I do not expect it to be an exact digital translation of the table top game. If that's what you are looking for I think you will be disappointed.
The founding fathers were not infallible, we don't have to base everything we do on what they wanted.
It is completely arguable. What the hell makes them geniuses? They succefully forged this nation with immense foreign aide yes that's true, but it doesn't make them geniuses.
Using just unofficial patches i seemed to get good mileage.
Yes, though he is a senator not a governor.
This article is from December of last year I can only assume it was posted as an attempt to discredit Sanders goal for a single payer system. This is not news.
Yes, implement Australian or English style gun control. Watch as price of black market guns skyrocket.
Pretty much everyone here agrees with Paul on this issue.
What does this have to do with communism?
I actually like March for the hilarious image of 4 murlocks climbing all over stitches as he tries to run away.
So are we just getting D3 heroes? Any chance we'll ever get Blood Raven, Andariel, Tal Rasha, Mephisto, Baal, or The Cow King?
Who names these things. I used to do retention for a cable company and I'd get phone calls from old women wanting to cancel their cable because their bill was too high. I had to tell more than one woman that the bill was high because someone ordered movies. They'd ask what movie and I'd have to tell them "Big bootie Bitches 3" or other similar shows.
Are you always an asshole or is today special?
What do the numbers mean? Centuries?
I'm OP.
It doesn't matter what the reasoning is. They should focus FAR more on anti hacking measures not on dlc. Last time I was in a mp game I had 52 million given to me by a hacker. What's the point of the online shit if the ecosystem is flooded with money. Oh and Rockstar never took the money from me. I reported the guy and sat on the money for a week.
Great but I won't get my hopes up.
14th amendment section 2 specifically allows states to suspend the right to vote for criminals.
The list here is for kills only. Not the interactions some heroes have when near eachother.
My current viewcount is 1,023,544 views and I'm a fucking idiot.
This is what I was getting at, the book version. I expect if she dies in the books it'll be due to Melisandre doing something at the wall now that Stannis is away and Jon is... busy.
Oh damn I cant wait to get home so I can watch it.
Dont do this to my feelers.
I have a lot of problems with OBS and MSI working together.
Until mechanics are automated.
I think you are correct, though I think they aren't NATO counters.
Sengoku was essentially a test run of the new ck2 engine. It's not bad but very dated. You would do better to try to find a mod for ck2.
There is a difference between a gun hater and someone who thinks gun control is good. Im one of these people you think if as gun haters I'm sure. I'm not posting here because there is no reason to. This lady did literally nothing that I disagree with. It's the ridiculous open carry and full automatic people that I have issue with. And I would venture that most people don't want to chime in on this thread because it would clearly turn very hostile very quickly.
What makes you think valve had something to do with it?
How do you make these?
I was referring to the people who want the ban removed. The same kind of people who think every single piece of hardware the military has civilians are entitled to aswell. Yes these people exist I've talked to them here on reddit. Anything from heavy caliber automatic weapons to tanks to chemical weapons. These people are the ones I have issue with. For the most part I like our guy control where it is. When I say I'm pro gun control I don't mean I want more, I mean I like what we have. Also sorry for any spelling or grammar issues, I switched to a new keyboard for my phone and it's a bit weird.
Open carry itself has never affected me as the only place I've been where we openly carried firearms was at some friends house in Wisconsin. From a purely societal stance though I don't see how anything we do at all would be positively improved by openly carrying a firearm. This is a point I could change on as like I said maybe I just haven't been in tea situation like that myself but I don't see how any situation that may be resolved easier with open carry couldn't be resolved with concealed carry. The other problem I have with it though is (I assume) pretty rare but it bothers me everytime I hear stories about it. That is, people open carrying just to make a point. All those dumb videos of people open carrying and spouting out shit to officers who check on them. At that point all you are doing is purposefully antagonizing a police officer for some YouTube views. Probably one of the best videos I've Sen that contained open carry but weren't consumed with an antagonistic personality was one in which a fellow was chased by some people and he pulled his holstered firearm and they backed off. It was a great example of how the presence of a firearm can cool down a tense and life threatening situation. What I'm not convinced of is whether or not it would be beneficial or harmful in the majority of cases. Anyway I think you can probably tell I'm not really strongly on either side of open carry but for now I am favoring no open carry. Hope some of this made some sense and didn't have too many spelling issues.
Didn't they cut her out of the show?
Reddit gets more servers fairly frequently, let's not pretend that they just ignore issues.
Good for them getting things in order that quickly. I think I"ll stick to Reddit for now though.
As someone who only recently started watching the show it's crazy to see these references that I never would have gotten before.
If it was American police the guy would be dead.
Wow that sub is shit.
Not surprising, she's the front runner. If ever it seemed like Sanders has the lead they'll target him next.
This worked, I've inherited 90k from the holy order now. Thanks!
Fuck the NRA. I like guns for recreation but I won't touch that organization.
Anyone who has worked in enterprise technical support has had to come in on a Sunday night to fix an issue, or do environment changes over the weekend. It sucks but sometimes it's necessary. Now, granted it was not necessary for Funhaus to work on Sunday, especially with the busy week coming up. However for an event that only happens once a year I would think they'd do the show Sunday.
Try warband, it improves on the original quite a bit.
Rome 2 and Attila were not specifically 1on1. Watch some of the fights, soldiers will stab and poke at people using animations that activate on only one model.
It appears to be back up.
While I get were you are coming from its also important to remember that everyone in the military volunteered to be there. No one forced them to go through all that.
I was going to join the Navy.... I don't mention to people I know. I went to the recruiters passed their tests and was driven to a recruitment building were I did color blind tests and hearing tests. I was disqualified from a few positions on account of being colorblind and the other positions they offered me didn't interest me. When I turned them down they got really pushy with me and asked me if I wanted to keep working my low paying job forever. I never looked back after leaving that day and while I'm not filthy rich I make way more than the e-4? Or whatever it was they were going to start me at. I do wonder what would have happened if I'd not turned them down. But this is all in the past and as I said I don't usually tell people about it.
Fantastic.
I have, though usually in ask reddit threads or in response to articles about shootings or some other tragedy.
By now you could have watched the video and educated yourself instead of trying to antagonize someone. And by now I could have written a larger post explaining IRV. Congratulations we've both now wasted our time.
No, they're worthless either way.
Makes me want to play this again.
Well I bought it from GMG for 50% off, but this is tempting. I don't really need to play the game anytime soon and there is no evidence that WB/Rocksteady are going to fix it.
One day after I start my new job. I have 13 days without work and paradox releases the day after I start. Well shit.
Anyone who puts North Korea as a threat before Russia must be off their rockers.
Military courts are usually harsher than their civilian counterparts, you can try that defense if you want but I doubt it'll get you anywhere.
Germanies is even being done by the actual government. This apple one is being done by Apple. The gov. is not censoring the flag, it's a private corporation which is allowed to do whatever it wants with its store.
I support Sanders, but I still like to see the other information. Thanks for the link!
What exactly do you propose?
Considering Islam has 1.62 billion followers and there were 3 attacks I think we're still mostly okay with the idea that the majority of people who adhere to Islamic teachings aren't going to try to blow us up. That's not to say there aren't plenty of Muslims out there who want to see me and you dead, but I don't see how mockingly calling them "Peaceful" is going to matter to those people who are probably more concerned with planning their next attack than what someone on Reddit is saying about them.
Couldn't you just tack your comment onto the other ones already following this sentiment that were posted 3 hours before yours?
We'll find some other way to amuse you.
Mount and Blade: Warband Crusader Kings 2 Total War (whichever one happens to be the most current at the time)
Another disclaimer yay - I love your guys videos, this is just a list of my thoughts while watching this. 27 minutes in so far but I just wanna start writing some of my thoughts, both about the PC port and just about the game in general. I am going to add this to the top of my post, I have NOT played this game yet, this entire post is my opinion on your video and other community videos and general reaction to the port. I don't claim to be an expert and I certainly don't claim to be more knowledgeable than the rest of you, this is your job after all. The thoughts below are all opinion. I wanted to address something about TBs video. Adam says he's apparently Hitler for enjoying the game while TB is talking about frame drops. The kind of people who care about Frame Drops will watch TBs port reports, they're technical because they're for the people who want to know how many frames are dropping and what performance can be expected. I don't watch the port reports because I'd rather see reviews from Angry Joe or Yahtzee. Something you guys have not touched on was the missing graphics. 30 fps aside, They recently added Ambient Occlusion and missing rain textures to the PC version via a patch. You can say it's a small minority of the gamers who are experiencing this issue but launching with graphics missing that were in the PS4 version is pretty bad. Regarding the FPS talk, I disagree that it's subjective. I am sure I'll be seen as a TB fanboy or a PCMR diehard but 60fps is objectively better **for games**. Games aren't like movies or TV shows they aren't shot or filmed at a certain fps. Sure you can have animations or physics tied to FPS but every game is objectively better at higher FPS. Again the only exceptions being if you tied your game mechanics to FPS which is a completely different problem at that point. At 34:25 again, you'r probably right Lawrence maybe most people can't tell the difference between having some of these options on or off. However WB games and Nvidia clearly were in a marketing deal since we got a Nvidia video showing some of the cut affects (Ambient Occlusion) and even showing 60 fps. [HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjmLNZtvxk) This video shows not only the missing rain textures (I'm sure I'll get mocked for caring about them but don't promise shit if you're not going to deliver on it.) and the missing Ambient Occlusion, and the video is in 60fps. Come on guys you have to agree that that's a bit misleading to PC gamers. Next thing you're talking about is preordering. I agree with you guys completely on this. People should be responsible with their own money. All the BS preorder items would either stop showing up completely or more likely they'd show up later on as DLC or in patches. Also Lawrence is correct on the idea of "people can't stand that there is something they didn't get", the Destiny crap is a good example of that. You guys keep bringing up that you're having a good time with Arkham Knight (or atleast Adam is) which is completely fine, but it's the same thing you guys talked about regarding the Nvidia forums. Someone shows up and says "I'm having issues with X" and they get "Well it works fine for me.", this is exactly what you're doing right now. 40:16 I'm also replaying Arkham Origins! It's pretty awesome I want to play through all of the games in order and figured by the time I'm done with City again Knight should be better optimized. I would say that if I had one complaint about Origins it'd be the Shock Gloves, they're crazy powerful and make the fights a bit too easy. But it's also easy to just ignore they exist. Closing note, I've seen the game run like shit, I've seen the game run fine (I'm ignoring the FPS issue when I consider it running fine), and I'm super happy that even with the game having the issues it has it will be fixed eventually. It's awesome that we can get patches so quickly to fix these things. Personally I have not yet played this game. I own it and it's sitting in my Steam library, however this week I've been packing and cleaning since I move to a new state on July 1st. It's been interesting to see all the different reactions. I've seen videos of it working fine and videos of it working terribly. I'm not sure yet if I'll play it once I move in or if I'll wait, or even request a refund. And that wraps up my entire um.. idk whatever this is... rant? observations? Anyway I love your guys videos and can't wait for more content... promise not to write a book for the next video.
I haven't played the game so I'm not sure what buttons he was pressing. He killed one enemy with just normal attacks and another enemy with blocks or counters.
Pretty sure they won't be alone. :/
Has this changed in a patch or something? I have a warlock but I can't seem to get champions yet.
All right little timmy, time to read A Song of Ice and Fire.
Yea, old games are broken. Sometimes in terrible ways.... my entire Roman Empire is blind now... literally everyone in my empire.
We've actually ran this several times now and so far it seems like no one has adapted to it well. We haven't went up against this yet but our thinking is that we'd try to leave the building on the sides as going head to head with Montagne through a breached wall is a shit show. Even if you kill Montagne with a nitro cell you still have 4 more guys outside shooting into the bomb room. The only real way to sto pthis strategy that we can think of would be to kill the carrier before he can plant it.
True, though to my knowledge most other maps don't allow you to get in as easily. Usually the objective is on a second floor or further into a building, not right on the other side of a wall.
I'm far more concerned about flankers than Nitro to be honest.
We've done this probably about 10 times total, between casual and ranked. Nitro is less of a concern than flanking. Generally you can get the first one or two guys dead and plant before anyone else streams into the room, and once it's planted it doesn't matter if the shields go down as long as the guys outside have a good angle on the defuser. That's where a good flank can completely mess this up, but as you'd seen we did have people watching the sides.
Not that I know of.
It's interesting that I don't see this done more often then, I have 67 hours in this game and we've never had this strategy used against us.
Definitely don't do this against the same team more than once. But it comes in handy if you need to pull out a cheap win.
I certainly must be in different games than anyone else, I've had more than one person tell me it's a common strategy which means that surely you guys are right. Yet I have 67 hrs in the game and have never had it used against me. It's odd. Perhaps I've gotten lucky and have only played against bad players.
Yes, however... I think it's important to note that there is almost no AI in the game yet. Essentially there are about 3-4 scenarios in the game right now involving chasing a fleeing car. Beyond that you have the ability to turn on some basic AI in free mode but to my knowledge there is no actual racing system in the game yet. If you want a good source of content involving Beam NG you would recommend WhyBeAre, this guy has a lot of videos on it: https://www.youtube.com/user/WhyBeAre/videos
Well she still has a mouth.
DAE think progressives/liberals don't/can't own guns?
Kansas probably wishes the president would fix their state.
I haven't decided how I feel about the world though, so I'm going to just dismiss everyone.
Wouldn't they just get shot?
So how many pictures does he have to find of towns specifically with a sign that says carrying fire arms is prohibited? 10? 100? If he gives you 100 pictures will you say the sample size is too small? What about 1000? Why do you get to decide how many pictures he provides you?
We had a declining violent crime rate before that, they aren't necessarily linked.
Agreed, I just wanted to post so that anyone reading can have additional info.
If you want an article why not just google "Gun laws in wild west"? I got 2,410,000 results.
&gt;That the US civilians would continue making the Tanks, Planes, bullets and everything else? That US rebels couldn't locate these plants and shut them down? Any factory capable of making weapons of war would be destroyed. There is a reason the enemies we have fight the way they do and not in tanks. So no, I don't expect to see your rebellion having tanks.
Use the number shortcut.
It was a joke, if you didn't like it then down vote and move on.
I disagree completely, I love the updates we've been getting in ck2, and the new announcement today looks awesome. To each his own though.
Unarmed police go a long way in reducing deaths I'd wager. I do not suggest it for the use though, we will not be ready for something like that for a long time.
I think it's just Johan being Johan.
So they're adding doors then? Fantastic.
Yes No Yes Yes, though I'd doubt any Republican would want to curb states rights. Too bad it won't happen, gun control advocates and gun rights advocates can't work together.
Gun free schools don't extend the ban on guns to their security personnel, so this point is moot.
They don't care.
I don't think that'd cause the channel to be removed. My channel has had at least half a dozen claims on it and it has never been removed. They either block your video or put ads on it which pay out to the claimant.
As a storage admin I'd rather deal with Windows, Linux is so picky about its storage.
It was so good that he passed out..
If you want more than 2 parties get the fed to drop first past the post. Until then any third party is doomed to fail in the US.
Yes, specifically ufc. I even made a post about it on the ufc forum which was rather mixed in its responses. Apparently some people literally don't want us to have ea sports games because we are arrogant.
Set the armor near a door that's kapkan'd or castle'd and let it get destroyed when they breach. Would probably work out fine.
If only it actually were Odin fighting ISIS, this is just Fins fighting immigrants.
What a pointless thing to dislike someone over.
The idea that the only way to make college more affordable is to make the money less accessible is fucked up to me. I would not be where I am today without government loans for college. If the right had their way I'd be a farmer like my father was rather than working in enterprise storage.
Are you fucking kidding me with his shit? Grow the fuck up.
It means that you're assuming he's Arabic.
No, he wouldn't have.
Shit like this pisses me off. This guy blatantly lies and his base doesn't give a shit.
Is it possible or even legal for the US to target sanctions on specific citizens of another country? I assume it's be almost impossible to even do and probably very costly.
Currently... There are so many articles on /r/news that include white people doing horrible shit. So yes... White Catholics still do horrible shit today.
This seems like a good move all around. Self driving cars have done pretty well so far but government showing interest will make it easier for not only companies to be confident in the direction they are going bit citizens as well. At least that's my take.
No one cares what really happened anymore, its all just bullshit and political theatre, the constant investigations saw to that.
There is a post on this very sub about a air force officer being charged with sexual assault by the way. I wanted to make a new post for this so I didn't have to rely on an edit that you wouldn't have seen. There is so much shit that is done in the world daily and that you and the other people who down vote things that you disagree with are so quick to ignore things that aren't don't by Arabs is a perfect example of part of the problem.
I should have, I didn't realize how much I was going to include in the comment. Live and learn though.
I mean... The conservative party had been running Canada for like 8-9 years before the election last year right?
Do we know if we're getting any of the new ones they're opening?
I never said you used the word Muslim. I'm fine with the fact that I used the wrong word, I'll try to use the right one next time. None of this matters though, you'd rather waste time talking about symantics because without that part to pick at the rest of what I said here has been right. Guess you're right, case closed.
I never said anything about white men. I'm simply saying that if a guy was sexually assaulted and detained the person until police got there they wouldn't be arrested and certainly not charged.
Last year I got a 2+ and did not get a bonus. I'm not with IBM anymore so I can't tell you if things have changed. I can say that the year before that I got a 2+ and did get a bonus, so your mileage may very.
I blame years of IT work on that. Damn Symantec.
Having more Jedi survivors isn't even remotely crazy. The other stuff you mentioned is definitely out there. But expecting that Vader and Palpatine could have possibly caught all the Jedi after the temple was destroyed is simply not feasible. If even one can get away then dozens or even hundreds could have. We know for sure that Kanan got away, I'm not counting Ahsoka because she wasn't with the order at that point. But if one person like Kanan got away then it's very likely that many others did too, and some of them I'm sure got themselves killed trying to fight the empire, others hide like Kanan did, and some probably just set out for the furthest reaches they could get from the Empire.
Oh boy..
Bring me dat Revan pls.
Looked like temple guards. http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Jedi_Temple_Guard
I assume that's exactly what we'll get. With Luke training Rey there will be opportunities for such stories to be told.
The second image is from the new trailer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJyxPDEvo9U
Here is a quote from the exact same testimony that you linked to: &gt;The bottom line is this: that we were not dealing with a prolonged or continuous assault which could have been brought to an end by a U.S. military response. Very simply, although we had forces deployed to the region, time, distance, the lack of an adequate warning, events that moved very quickly on the ground prevented a more immediate response. Despite the uncertainty at the time, the Department of Defense and the rest of the United States government spared no effort to do everything we could to try to save American lives. Additionally, there is a non redacted version of the email. http://www.motherjones.com/files/blog_benghazi_email_spinning_up.jpg There is no scandal here, it's just more theater. But you can believe whatever you want, it's still a free country.
Get a job! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzF1KySHmUA
There are 3.3 million muslims living in America who have yet to kill or rape anyone. There are 44 million muslims living in Europe who have yet to kill or rape anyone. Tell me again how all these people are not compatible with our western living? Should we just kick them out?
Did you actually read about the child marriages? It's 16 years old.. by that logic the US also allows child marriages.
Yea, seems like an good situation here, other than the kid losing his hand, but unfortunately no way to reverse that.
Yep, never heard of this site before but it's shit.
The funniest thing is that site is conservative and getting angry at liberals for allowing them to target practice. It's like a whole other world outside America.
&gt; "Exposing a dog, cat, or horse to life-threatening cold" Seems pretty common sense to me. Seems like all you'd have to do is show the cops that it's not life threatening for your particular animal.
The Quran should be updated for modern life, that I don't disagree with. A religious reform is required at some point for Islam, I simply doubt that the expulsion of Muslims in western countries is the way to achieve that. Islam needs Muslims who are exposed to western life.
You're on the internet, no matter which subreddit you go to or which alternative site you go to there will always be misleading titles.
This isn't even a military education, just a shooting club. Not "sniper" training.
Are you a sociopath? There is a difference between target shooting and shooting a person.
Are you implying that the only reason they are having issues is because they have a socialist leader?
Why are these even popular. Guys... they don't even hover.
The last right wing attempt to fix an economy that I saw was Kansas, and it's not doing to hot. Like you say though political leanings aren't the only reason a economy fails of course.
Something like this can happen on PC too, though I admit while watching this my first though was "I'd be dead within the first second of this gif." I have had shootouts that after watching the replay I question how the hell neither of us hit each other for so long.
Sure, which game?
I don't get shit for all the meetings I go to.
Clearly I'm in the wrong meetings.
It actually has, try to look beyond singular incidents.
Bernie would prefer that your college is cheaper or paid for by taxes.
Where are they going to go? Most other countries that are "westernized" have similar tax plans and universal healthcare. If they want low taxes they'll be limited in their destination.
Seems like that'd change drastically depending on where you live. I make 55k a year and live in Wisconsin, I have friends who live in California and make 100k a year but spend more than 3x what I do on rent for example.
I like the quote, but some people prefer to treat others terribly.
People actually like Palin? I thought that conservatives recognized her as a joke and poison pill to McCain's run.
Not really news, this literally happens every time there is a shooting.
I don't know anyone who thinks there should be no limit and I'm pro refugee I guess you could say.
Unfortunately it's a vote that won't be heard, third party does nothing for us as long as we have first past the post.
I would not go that route unless you live in a state that allows you to vote in primaries regardless of party registration.
This type of gift will get substantially more expensive in future generations. "I got my friend all 700 pokemon framed!"
Sounds like your problem is Saudi Arabia not Islam.
Saudi Arabia is clearly fucked but to imply all Muslims are savages is not accurate.
What does banning chess have to do with peace?
Europe is far from ruined don't blow this out of proportion.
Neutral countries can still make diplomatic deals, even if they are shitty ones.
No Sanders supporter is ignorant of it. Sanders himself has already said previously that just winning the presidency isn't enough.
If you put an extra enter between the lines when it won't bunch up like that and it'll be easier to read.
Calling me a leftist doesn't change the poor reputation daily mail has. I'd rather read Fox.
&gt;1+ mil came to germany last year no? No, roughly 1 mil came to the entire European Union. http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/ED8E/production/_87341806_europe_migrant_numbers_sep2015.png Which has a population of 503 million.
I can't watch it right now since I'm at work, I'll check it out when I get home though or on lunch.
Not really.
Shows how cynical we have become.
He's not speaking for the US, he's stating his opinion. Are you against free speech if the person says something you don't agree with?
If other countries allowed them and the EU mandated where a refugee could go rather than giving them a choice then Germany and Sweden would have significantly less refugees and all of Europe would have a small percentage of them rather than dumping them in two countries.
No, they should have determined what the EU was going to do with the refugee crisis before anyone took any refugees.
That's possible, but I think most players are just going to see what it does and make their minds up after.
Putting all the people you don't like in one area because you aren't capable of existing in a society with opposing views? Yes sounds reasonable.
OPs post is removed so I can't respond to him. I want to say though that I like some of the things Paul says but I can't support small government. One thing conservatives are so proud of is that we're a super power, maybe even the only super power to some of them. I'm sorry guys but decentralization doesn't lead to superpowers. I can't think of an easier way to weaken the union between states then by weakening the federal government.
Even if he wins the popular vote it's possible that super delegates will vote for Clinton.
Better than the lotto!
I hate the super mutant suiciders. Then again I'm attached to the masters mutants which those in the east clearly have no attachment to.
Down vote it then, or make a well thought out comment in disagreement. Instead what we have is people complaining about a self post that is completely allowed under the rules.
Can't the national guard be activated by the state government? I've seen articles before saying things like "National Guard deployed by governor to help with flooding." etc.
WACO was a fuck up, they didn't just decide to burn a bunch of people. Ruby Ridge though doesn't seem like it was an accident.
That's what these Right Wing militias get hard about, standing up to the evil fed and winning. I think the fed fucked up letting them go last time.
Look at any article on this sub involving a Muslim person killing/assaulting/raping someone. It doesn't have to be the exact same scenario to see how people react.
Wow I never considered Trump as a Horus figure, I like it.
I don't consider tax cuts to be fiscal responsibility.
I'm in Wisconsin right now AMA.
We suspend rights for other reasons, for example felons can't vote.
They don't need to read, they have guns and God on their side.
Looks like one advisor said that, not sure if that counts as an official statement or just an opinion.
What makes you think a migrant on their way to Germany will even hear about this until they get there?
Incorrect, enjoy your fear mongering though it is after all a free nation.
I chose walk, because I have no kids, I have a poor relationship with my mother, and I have no reason to shovel since my apt has a heated garage.
To Obama crying? No I've seen it. I wouldn't mind seeing proof of all this rights assaulting that is apparently happening.
I lived in dubuque for a while and man those Hill roads suck in the winter. Nothing like having the car in front of you start sliding down the hill... towards you.
Boy do I have a sub for you. /r/worldnews
Living in Wisconsin all I see is the state getting worse and worse. I'd love to see Walker replaced.
Not without significant democratic gains in Congress.
As I said it really depends on how Democrats as a whole perform. I think they will do well, I don't know if they will do as well as they need to. That said even if Sanders is unable to do what he wants I'd rather have an ineffective democratic president than risk giving all three branches to Republicans.
Not really, you can find a lot of anti Sanders stuff on reddit. At least as much as you can find pro Sanders. It all depends on which sub reddit you are on. I'd you're not familiar with other political subs I'd recommend /r/politicaldiscussion and /r/neutralpolitics. There are also candidate specific sub reddit for Clinton and Sanders though I don't remember them off the top of my head. If you prefer conservative choices there is /r/conservative or /r/libertarian as well as sub reddits for the conservative candidates. My point is you can find whatever you want on reddit if you try. EDIT: Very humorous that a comment like this would get downvoted.
Promising tax breaks is the quickest way to convince me not to vote for you (not that trump cares about losing my vote).
https://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/_l9mnoz3hRNABK68iIDjHOHeEeE=/800x0/filters:no_upscale()/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/5925467/capital_gains2.jpg
Conservatives should take a queue from Eisonhower and stop cutting taxes. And flat 10% for me = 10% for you is a great way to bankrupt the country. I sincerely hope that if a Republican wins it's Trump so people can see the shit show that happens when we cut taxes across the board.
Um... what kind of question is this? If you want to leave you can leave, no one is stopping your or forcing you to. Where do you plan on going though? To another country with high taxes to pay for the same policies that Sanders wants here?
Yes it is, but it's disingenuous to use it as if it's in anyway official which I feel is the point of these types of images, especially when an actual official tax plan is readily available.
&gt;f I were an accountant, I'd carefully report all earnings so they came up to exactly $249,999, taxing them at 17.2%. That way, my clients would keep 206,999. If they reported a single dollar more, they'd only get to keep $127,000...roughly the same amount you'd keep if you paid 17.2% on $151,900. This is simply not true. Our income tax is marginal, this means that you pay tax per bracket. So your clients will pay 17.2% tax on all income up to 249,999 and every dollar after that will be taxed at the next bracket. Unless I've drastically misunderstood tax rates this is how it works. I have to go to sleep as it's 1:30am but someone please correct me if I'm wrong about this as I'd love to know.
That's really not the the point of my post. I don't care who you like or dislike it's a free country. I just get tired of the anti Sanders people constantly posting and complaining about how everything here is pro Sanders, yet every comment thread is hugely populated by anti Sanders comments. Stop acting like you're being oppressed.
No one deserves a mac. Listen guys this sub has condoned some fucked up shit but if you make anyone use a mac I'm afraid I can't be associated with it anymore.
Death is a preferable alternative to communism.
My first though was that this would just be destroyed by a tsunami. Thanks for answering my question before I had to ask it.
Accepting money from isis, that can only end well.
I always read the comments first, then go to the article so I can explain to someone in the comments that they should read the article. I did not have to this time.
Yea I've seen this image before, it's too bad people choose to just link these images instead of link to the actual study. If you follow the url in the bottom and read the study you'll find all kinds of interesting information. Let's focus specifically on sharia since that's what the subject of this image is. Page 15 - http://www.pewforum.org//files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf &gt;Overwhelming percentages of Muslims in many countries want Islamic law (sharia) to be the official law of the land, according to a worldwide survey by the Pew Research Center. **But many supporters of sharia say it should apply only to their country’s Muslim population** Moreover, **Muslims are not equally comfortable with all aspects of sharia**: While most favor using religious law in family and property disputes, **fewer support the application of severe punishments** – such as **whippings or cutting off hands** – in criminal cases. The survey also shows that **Muslims differ widely in how they interpret certain aspects of sharia**, including whether divorce and family planning are morally acceptable. Now let's also note that muslims outside the middle east are VASTLY against sharia law being the law of the land. &gt;But in two regions, far fewer Muslims say Islamic law should be endorsed by their governments: Southern and Eastern Europe (18%) and Central Asia (12%). It's almost as if Muslims who are exposed to western life have a HUGE decrees in support for Islamic law. Again though, none of this is covered in that picture, because the picture serves a very specific purpose and delving into the pew research source is not useful for that purpose.
To be fair my donations have been directly to him via his site, not through reddit.
You ir8?
All the great villains are white, it's our claim to fame.
Probably get deported like the others who's asylum is denied.
Simply deny the asylum for the attackers and move on.
I really haven't been impressed with Clintons answers to many of her questions. I prefer Sanders significantly, but at the same time I've not been impresed with his answers either. So it's mostly just policy for me and not debate performance.
The debate was actually really good, it's too bad Trump missed it. Though yes raising money for Veterans is a good thing, but it'd be infinitely easy to spin going to the debates as more important. "I know I could have went to the veterans fund raiser but I am confident that the amount of good I can do for veterans has not limit if I am elected."
Have to disagree completely, this was the best debate so far.
The debate, it was easily the best Republican debate so far, and they actually called candidates out on BS. Seriously good job by Fox and I fucking hate fox.... I see why Trump would want to skip it.
They don't all kill civilians. But you are right in the sense that police should be under significantly more scrutiny than the average citizen. I have no issues with police in my area and I've never had a bad experience with police, but I've seen enough shit online to know that it happens. These people are charged with keeping us safe and maintaining law and order, if we can't trust them it impedes their own ability to do their job.
Damn I knew I forgot something.
Better than /r/worldnews unfortunately.
What exactly would you charge them with?
Says the shitty human being...
Depends on which reporters.
Read the other replies to me, been through this.
I have jc3 and I also think denuvo is fucking dumb. You don't have to be a pirate to dislike drm.
OP those look under age, you should take this down before admins shutdown this sub. That shit is not cool.
You and me both.
That's already how the star wars universe works. How do you think Obi-Wan beat Anakin?
I dislike most movies, a movie just doesn't have enough time to really flesh out a story in most cases. I'd rather watch a 10-20 episode series.
Storage is ridiculously cheap these days and there are many cloud based services that you could offload video files to in order to extend your maximum retention of the files. http://www.amazon.com/Seagate-Desktop-3-5-Inch-Internal-ST1000DM003/dp/B005T3GRNW Four of these in a external enclosure (looking at 50-100 for one of those) and you can store a lot of video footage.
You typed that 9 hrs after I typed mine. Does no one here have a concept of "time"?
For those who aren't familiar with Futurama. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6GDil0rGls
Fair enough, this one includes the scene you mentioned. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AK3PWHxoT_E
They'll get their revenge? Really? I can't think of a stupider thing for the Democratic party to do, especially since they would have nothing to gain.
I've said it before and I'll say it again. We could implement a buyback and make it illegal to sell weapons privately. It's not going to get rid of them over night but in 50 years, 100 years, as guns are no longer available legally and the black market price grows similar to AU, you would have your AU/GB style America. Now I don't necessarily think it's a good idea to do it this way, but I do think it'd work. Of course most likely a court would strike it down.
If Sanders ran independent after this primary he'd crush Johnson and lose the general. But that self proclaimed socialist would still be more popular than libertarians. Thankfully he won't waste his time doing that because he wants a dem to win.
It is a party thing. Maybe you should get your representatives to change the Republican platform because whether you like it or not that party is not interested in helping sick people, mentally or physically.
Little soldier boy Come marching home Brave soldier boy Comes marching home
The EU is going to be just fine Billy, don't worry about it.
Yea.... Sorry but I'm not gonna feel bad for someone not being allowed to salute Hitler or deny the Holocaust. When you show me those laws being used to oppress people who aren't literally trying to be nazis maybe I'll care. Until then, thanks I'll enjoy my future with less nazis.
Fuck erdogan and fuck you.
There are writings from Roman Pompeii that are pretty lewd, I wonder what people thought of them when they read them.
Fair enough missed that he was a minor. The family should still get in trouble for false accusations.
Depends, women with accents are a huge turn on for me, they don't have to be foreign either. Southerners or even East coast accents, just women who have a noticeable accent, something about it gets me.... interested in her.
It is very odd to see so much love for Germany in/r/worldnews.
I don't have the numbers in front of me right now but isn't it mathematically possible for someone to be president with something like 30% of the popular vote? I'll look it up when I get home, if you don't know.
He doesn't give a shit dude, he just wants to say something offensive because it gets him hard.
Dirty fucking Slaanesh. Tzeentch is the way to go.
Don't try, do.
I agree with you completely. But I'm just saying that if I were one of those people I'd be happy for it, even knowing that it's just a political show.
Probably not the best place but does someone have a good rundown of the situation here? What did trump say about the judge?
I agree.
I assume they also take the meat...
Marcus Aurelius is great, I have one of the translations of "Meditations" and it's always nice to read a random page.
Please no. Don't spend manpower on this.
I'm waiting for someone to nominate a horse.
EDIT: Double post for some reason, my android app has been doing this recently.
To be fair that's the diplomatic map mode. It's a little bit better in the political map view. Here's a screen shot from a game as Turkey that I played earlier. http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/269468379386202836/DBF8BB0EB86E188BC84B8F025D00047F3B1624B5/ Still not great but it's a little easier on the eyes.
I didn't notice anything in the settings. I wouldn't be surprised to see a mod pop up for it though.
I miss tribes. So much fun.
Rules of engagement are irrelevant, it's not like isis is going to challenge you to a duel or to one on one combat. It'd be a car bomb or a briefcase bomb. Not that I think any of this shit will even happen. ISIS is a terror organization, this list is just bs to try to generate terror.
I agree with the decision but I can't help but wonder what /r/worldnews would be saying if it was a German neo-nazi who had his citizenship revoked from Germany instead of a Muslim terror sympathizer in Denmark.
&gt;Weill this time we know North Korea has the shit, and they're not denying it. What are we waiting for? China.
Polish history could use more fun facts.
It's not, I found fair stupider, plus I was just being a dick everyone is entitled to their opinions and even though I completely disagree with you that doesn't mean I have to call the opinion stupid. As for what you were saying the reason I disagree with it is because if you're a 4th generation Muslim in Germany your citizenship is a right. This isn't up for debate, it's German law. Anyone born of a German parent is a citizen. Additionally anyone adopted by German parents becomes German immediately as long as they are below 18 years of age. Ignoring those laws just because someone is Muslim is not something anyone should want. Honestly the people who are so quick to think we should treat Muslims so different should really think about what they're saying. It literally goes against everything we're taught, hell it's practically taken directly from the Martin Niemöller poem. &gt;First they came for the Jews and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew. Then they came for the Communists and I did not speak out because I was not a Communist. Then they came for the trade unionists and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist. Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me. Right now people all over the place are chomping at the bits to see them come for the Muslims and no one is even considering who they would come for next.
We played vastly different arcade games.
I'll live. Hopefully dice at lease considers addressing some of the criticism this game has received.
I got destroyed by the AI as France vs the Allies. Sometimes I feel like it's too easy and other times I feel like the AI really destroyed me.
In my Italy game I didn't intervene until it was really late. I actually ended up declaring war on Republican Spain so I could transport 40 divisions to wrap the war up. I really wanted Spain in my alliance rather than the axis so I figured it was worth it. It did work out.
The funny thing about this is that I've been in this exact situation but I just right clicked one of my other ports and my guys retreated through the port. I'm surprised the AI wouldn't do this.
Thank God that was sfw. I clicked it before even considering what it could have been.
What was the response?
Even as a Sanders supporter it's pretty damn exciting. Can't wait to put this primary behind us and get focused on the general.
I'm not sure what you're getting at or why you feel the need to be rude. It's a fact that bf4 was drastically improved over the years. I don't think it's unreasonable to think that Battlefront could have been improved. I'm sorry if my dislike of a game that you like offends you enough to be rude but maybe try controlling yourself.
Yea but if be criticized that then he'd have to admit that Russia fucked up by letting an Islamic warlord take over.
Yea but Russia is backing Assad so we shouldn't say anything bad about him. /s
It wasn't Americans. You should talk to Putin this shit was either his work or Assad's and either way he supports Assad.
Gates should have ran for president. He could have been the Democrats version of Trump.
Stealing this from another user &gt;&gt; Like most rights, the Second Amendment right is not unlimited. It is not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose -Scalia It seems it's not as easy to interpret as you say. Even Scalia admits there is a line. The purpose of the court is to determine where that is.
I'm sure there will be a movement to reenter the EU. And also for Scotland to leave the UK.
Pretty sure that only happens when the trial is done by "village council" right? And I could be mistaken but I believe the federal government has been trying to Crack down on that kind of thing. Not dismissing it, just saying that they are trying.
I could be wrong, but I think this is what makes love so powerful. You love your dog enough that you care for it even knowing that you'll have to let it go some day. The same applies to SO's but it's even scarier because all you know is that one of you will die before the other, yet you love them so much that you live with the impending pain of lose. I don't know though, maybe I looked to deeply into it. Anyway nice dog!
I don't understand what you're getting at but I never said that the game was stupid. This is my second full game and I learned so much from my first game. Now I'll have a lot more experience to draw on for the third game. All I was doing with this post was venting over the lack of a white peace option and seeing if anyone had any advice. I don't think there is anything wrong with that.
Doesn't that open you up to being converted to Fascist or Democratic by another nation?
I've always assumed /r/news mods were conservative, have you seen some of the shit that gets up voted there?
Just last year a christian shot up a Planned Parenthood. And in Norway a christian killed a bunch of kids at a liberal camp to stop them from becoming liberals. It's almost like crazy people are crazy regardless of religion. As for specifically gay people I have no idea.
Fuck Trump.
And bullshit with a healthy dose of anecdotal evidence to back it up. Enjoy the echo chamber though, I go to /r/news and /r/worldnews when I want to deal with conservatives who think execution is a good policy and muslims are evil. I don't need to go to /r/the_donald to get the same thing but in an even larger echo chamber.
They have a image of Obama bowing to the King of Saudi Arabia from 2009 and calling it Treason. No, /r/the_donald is a joke of a sub.
&gt;because where they're from America? Great Britain? Germany? Where exactly are they from it's killing me.
Seems like an easy fix would be that 2nd place gets to spend down to 3rd place or to half the points you were allowed to spend. Whichever happens first.
I know aircraft carriers are sometimes called floating cities but this is taking it too far.
"Free Speech" http://imgur.com/5x3HDGi
I was banned within 4 minutes. :/
Which is now coming to PC, so technically I guess they've made games for each platform.
It seems somehow worse when it's an established IP. Imagine if EA leveraged it's Star Wars deals to make all future Star Wars games Xbox exclusive. Most exclusive franchises also happen to be IPs that have always been exclusive, which probably means the fans of the franchise are already on the platform it originally started on. Either way, it looks good, but like others I won't buy a PS4 for it.
Really? Maybe I was wrong then.
If I had to choose between 1 person dying while cowering in fear and 2 people dying while fighting I'd choose the first option. I see lose of life as the more important factor.
Yea, seems kind of petty to even bother doing this after paradox asked them not to show their numbers anymore. Previously lost respect for paradox for doing that, now I've lost respect for steam spy for what appears to be a blatant retaliation.
Depends on who you ask.
You are joking right?
Ha, you people keep saying "trump won't actually do x" "trump meant x" etc. If your candidate can't say what he actually means why the hell should anyone vote for him? Why does the internet need to translate what trump says?
He was up voted, why don't you go cry about down votes or censors on /r/the_donald, the Republicans best safe place to bitch.
Yet are blind to it from the right.
I'll take blanket statements for 500 Bob.
That's fine, that's why I'm asking now before I have the car.
It's a very large underground garage. It does have an electric opener but no outlets near my parking spot. I will have to ask my building if they would be fine with me running an extension cord.
I'm pretty sure they tested more than MP.
Frankly I'll be sad if it goes away. You simply can not expect games like CK2 and EU4 to be the way they are now without the number of changes they've gone through. And if you're going to limit Paradox to 3-4 big DLCs and that's it then there will be far less tweaking of the game over several years that we see with something like CK2.
I've shot an ar15 and am pro gun control but agree with most of your observations on the gun. But I'm genuinely curious how you think it's the most effective self defense weapon. I'd rather rely on a pistol or shotgun for self defense. Have there been many reports if ar15's being used for self defense?
Twitter is not against gay porn. It's just pro account security. It'd be pretty bad if they allowed accounts to get hacked just because they disagree with them. Also, there is plenty of porn on Twitter, gay and otherwise.
For PC gamers Sony's conference was unfortunately the worst. I believe there were only two (not counting some indies that are already out on PC) games that were available on PC. Contrast that with Microsoft, Ubisoft, Bethesda and it's not hard to see why any of those were better for PC gamers. Anyway here's a list that I compiled, obviously these are based on my taste. Name | Date | Reddit -----|-----|------ Forza Horizon 3 | 9/27/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/Forza FIFA | 9/29/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/fifa Battlefield 1 | 10/21/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_one/ Titanfall 2 | 10/28/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/ Dishonored 2 | 11/11/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/dishonored/ Watch Dogs 2 | 11/15/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/watch_dogs For Honor | 2/14/2017 | https://www.reddit.com/r/forhonor/ Ghost Recon | 3/7/2017 | https://www.reddit.com/r/GhostRecon/ Mass Effect Andromeda | 03/xx/17 | https://www.reddit.com/r/masseffect/ Steep | 12/xx/2016 | N/A? Mount and Blade 2 | N/A | https://www.reddit.com/r/mountandblade State of Decay 2 | N/A | https://www.reddit.com/r/StateOfDecay/ Sea of Thieves | N/A (2016) | https://www.reddit.com/r/SeaofThieves Vampyr | N/A (2017) | https://www.reddit.com/r/Vampyr Halo Wars 2 | N/A (2017) | https://www.reddit.com/r/HaloWars/ Mafia 3 | 10/7/2016 | https://www.reddit.com/r/Mafia3/
Sorry for your loss man. Make sure you keep her out of your life. Someone who kills an animal so easily needs to be kept away from you and your family.
One of my favorite games of all time, and the 2d sprites make it retain it's visual appeal years later.
No he didn't, he said: &gt;After the last week, their credibility is gone That's not a valid argument, that's bullshit. Admins credibility is gone but some random fuck is credible? This guys comment itself could be on /r/quityourbullshit
Out of all the console games probably. As for PC games they're variable based on hardware so who knows. What's that? You were joking? I'll see myself out.
I liked the celebrities playing BF1 in whichever conference had that. If only because they represented the general skill level of new players on day one.
To be fair I seem to remember each of the conferences doing something for Orlando. I remember Ubisofts at least.
I think you could call the MS conference boring and probably have some good points, but I don't think it was tailored to kids. You don't talk about new hardware to kids, you don't talk about online services.
Just a quick acknowledgement of the tragedy, I thought that despite the absurd dancers they had on stage they pulled it off pretty well. This link should go straight to it, but if it doesn't it's @ 1:02:56 https://youtu.be/LyvHLbvVnog?t=3776
It doesn't matter if Trump is right. His statement was wrong. You can't just "know" that the plane was blown out of the sky with no evidence. Sorry Trump try again later, maybe next time put some thought in before you open your mouth.
Except we're still footing the bill for a lot of military support in Israel. If the Kurds want their own country I'd like assurance that we won't be the ones paying for their protection in 10 years.
I disagree. BGS does a great job but there is so much lore in TES that could be touched on by spin offs. Imagine a telltale game during the events leading up to the tribunal in morrowind. Or a strategy game following Tiber Septims conquest of Tamriel. Or a stealth game following the moral tong or the dark brotherhood. TES Online already showed that they will allow other devs to touch the universe. And this isn't even getting into the potential fallout spinoffs. I'd kill for a game that takes place near the mid west BOS. Not to mention the obvious problem now of stories taking place in the West coast and the east coast. If Bethesda doesn't let another dev take a crack at it we could never see the west coast story continued.
Depends on how things happen. If those civilians end up killing people then yes. I have no doubt the federal government would try to put down any armed rebellion with less-lethal methods first, tear gas, rubber bullets, beanbag shotguns, etc. But most likely eventually life would be lost, and if the first people to kill are the rebels then I doubt the army will be remorseful.
They probably just report it stolen.
He said conservative, not Republican. You can be conservative and be a Democrat, it is a rarer combination though.
They aren't civilians if they're in armed rebellion. We kill armed combatants in the middle east all the time. Furthermore these people would be a clear and present danger to actual civilians. And an occupation of rebel Texas would be an order of magnitude easier than the occupation of a desert in the middle east.
Well she was shot 3 times, kicked while on the ground, and stabbed. Maybe it wasn't targeted but it seems like he had a personal problem with her.
Good luck with that in IT.
If the Russian fleet in the Black Sea sinks a US destroyer I can promise you there won't be a Russian fleet in the Black Sea anymore. And I say this as someone with a very dove like desire for foreign policy.
Russia would lose air and naval superiority quickly. After that there large army would probably be effective as you said but it would be under constant bombardment from long range naval attacks and air attacks.
Welcome to the party.
Stop trying to make us pick shit, you're so manipulative.
He can make Black &amp; White 3, other than that not much he could do for me anymore.
Holy shit we need public funding in elections. This shit is getting out of hand.
It's not impossible at all, it's just a long term thing. Assuming they could get laws passed gun control advocates could drastically diminish gun culture over 50-100 years, without taking anyones guns.
This should be how we solve government shutdowns.
Honestly though does it matter if actual turnout is low? Let's say only 1 person makes it to office out of 7000, isn't that better than 0?
Depends on if you're doing it by force or not.
Yet by all accounts she was competent. And while you may not support her goals plenty did, and were I British I likely would have. Thankfully there is room for multiple opinions.
America had a lot of immigrants from the Ottoman Empire, Catholics and Muslims. Islam has been a part of this country for a long time. A small part sure, but still a part.
I forgot, thank you.
Everyone has rightist views, and leftish views. It's one of the reasons I hate the right/left political compass. Sorry for the mini rant!
They don't have to use this for gun control, another terrible event will happen and you guys can yell about Obama taking your guns after that one too. These things aren't even rare anymore. Edit: lol down voted for something that will prove itself true. We all know another event will happen and the first comments you see will be people saying that liberals are gonna try to use it to take their guns. That's the first response of these people, is "oh no some people died better buy some more ammo before Obama confiscates it".
Liberals are the ones who would want it to pay 15 an hour. Which by your own admission would mean plenty of Americans would be willing to do it. Meanwhile Republicans (specifying Republicans because not all conservatives are the same) would want to kick out all illegal aliens and yet make no changes to the minimum wage or worse remove/lower it, which will lead to the exact same problem reappearing down the line.
That I acknowledge and agree with. Costs have gone up. But so has coverage, so I'd call it a moderate success. Personally I think we didn't go far enough with the ACA, countries with Universal Healthcare pay fractions of what we pay per capita and have ridiculously lower costs for anything from saline to entire operations. It turns out that when the government is negotiating cost for the entire population they have quiet the bargaining chip to leverage and can use that to get fair better prices than individual insurance plans could afford.
Well I want to stress again that I'm completely fucking guessing here. But I'd guess that someone at the fbi or whichever organization handled this thinks that having the transcript released with the isis/ISIL part intact will allow isis to use the transcript as proof of their legitimate attacks on the US and subsequently as a recruiting tool.
Interestingly I agree with both of those potions. Though #2 should not be permanent or we'd have to restrict Japanese and German immigrants not to mention dozens of other countries. Maybe some kind of time frame.
Ah, thanks for the explanation.
He can't make it seem like he was lenient on her so she has to "escape".
He is.
Unfortunately? Sounds better then any alternative I can think of.
It'll be hell for one of us and good for the other. Personally I think 30 years we should be set for a good start on a AU/UK style gun control policy. Obviously for you that makes me evil. But hey different strokes for different folks.
I don't think you understand how states rights work. See states can do whatever they want as long as I agree with them. You get it now?
Depends on what kind of vassals you have. :)
It also says there is no compulsion to religion. Quran 2:256 &gt;Let there be no compulsion in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error: whoever rejects evil and believes in God hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold, that never breaks. And God heareth and knoweth all things. It doesn't take rocket science to see that Islam just like Catholicism is all about how you interpret its writings. Honestly if you guys spent half as much time as you do thinking of witty bullshit to say on Reddit actually looking into the religion you'd find that it's incredibly similar to Christianity. It all comes down to how effectively you twist peoples understanding of it. We've done it with Catholicism and it's being done with Islam.
Are we really going to pretend that the Quran is more contradictory than the Bible? Please religious texts are bullshit, it's all about how you choose to intrepret it. &gt;All killing is not forbidden in the Quran. It's full of examples when you should and when you are allowed to kill. It is also full of excerpts that claim you should NEVER kill. Wow it's almost like these religions are full of shit that's open to your interpretation. Quran 6:151 &gt;take not life, which God hath made sacred, except by way of justice and law: thus doth He command you, that ye may learn wisdom Quran 5:32 &gt;if any one slew a person - unless it be for murder or for spreading mischief in the land - it would be as if he slew the whole people: and if any one saved a life, it would be as if he saved the life of the whole people. Quran 5:2 &gt;Do not let your hatred of a people incite you to aggression. Quran 5:8 &gt;And do not let ill-will towards any folk incite you so that you swerve from dealing justly. Be just; that is nearest to heedfulness This is all pretty similar to Christianity/Catholicism and to repeat myself, if you people spent as much time researching it as you do posting here you'd see that it's not very different from western religions. All religion is open to interpretation, and more importantly all religion is open to being twisted. Catholicism has been twisted in the past to do terrible things, Islam is being twisted now, if humans could find a way we'd twist Buddhism.
I think you'll find that the only people who don't want the CDC to research the problem are the people who won't admit that there is a problem. Be they pro-gun Liberals,Conservatives,or anything in between, they do not want the CDC looking into this issue at all. They don't want anyone to look into it, you have to understand that all these people care about is that there guns are safe. They do not care how many people die in the process, and they don't care about finding root causes. Ironically the people who up voted you for pointing out the Canadian medias mess up over this issue would down vote you in a heartbeat if they ever saw this post of yours. Anyway I up voted you since you responded reasonably and calmly.
Oh god, I've never seen this before. It's horrible.
Because both Trump and Sanders inspired young people. I personally supported Sanders and I am 26, I'm sure there are plenty of 26 year olds supporting Trump too, but it doesn't change the fact that he inspired younger people to vote for him far more than his colleagues.
Seriously as someone who has seen this movie plenty of times as a kid this scarred the shit out of me. I was not expecting that.
You honestly think the execution of gays is tied entirely to the religion and not the far right fundamentalist bullshit of those in power. If I replaced all far right fundamentalist Muslims in the ME with far right Christian fundamentalists do you honestly believe the killing of gays would stop? Call me brainwashed if you want, it won't change the fucked up situation in the ME. People have twisted the religion of Islam to their will much as how Christianity was twisted in the past. Those same people lead groups such as AQ and ISIS. To me the capture or death of those people is far more important that collecting sweet karma by posting a low effort shit post on reddit.
Yea it's not nuclear activists. Sure they exist but they aren't the problem. As was already mentioned it's lobbyists from other industries that have too much money to lose if nuclear took off again.
Rather humorously I agree with what you say, and I wasn't trying to distract from the argument by mentioning Christianity, Christianity spent 1000+ years being violent as fuck but it got over it and is far less likely to kill me today then it would have been 300 years ago. And I'd argue (and I assume that you agree) that we don't have 500-1000 years to wait for Islam to sort itself out. The difference is how we think this shit is solved. People on this very thread are claiming things like any Muslim death is a positive, I can not and would not agree with that. I don't think that makes me brainwashed.
Guess it's time to buy some gifts.
Reasonable to you, not to me.
You must not have been to /r/the_donald.
Not even the pro brexit people know what will happen. Seems like the whole thing really wasn't thought out.
Lol this is pretty much what I'd expect this type of thing to become. A collection of racist bullshit that was rejected from YouTube. Can't wait to see more of their totally legitimate views.
Pretty sure you misspelled /r/the_donald.
I love FreezePeach.
Thankfully the highest comment admits this guy was a tool. Still though there are some pretty bad comments in there.
You're going to be very busy.
You get paid in the weekend?
I'm color blind and my french nation was incredibly embarrassed by how long a us invasion force was able to hang out in French Italy before we noticed them.
Seems like an odd question, but no. I did not.
Oh no, there posts were deleted. Won't anyone think of the free speech!
Quran 6:151 &gt;take not life, which God hath made sacred, except by way of justice and law: thus doth He command you, that ye may learn wisdom Quran 5:32 &gt;if any one slew a person - unless it be for murder or for spreading mischief in the land - it would be as if he slew the whole people: and if any one saved a life, it would be as if he saved the life of the whole people. Quran 5:2 &gt;Do not let your hatred of a people incite you to aggression. Quran 5:8 &gt;And do not let ill-will towards any folk incite you so that you swerve from dealing justly. Be just; that is nearest to heedfulness Quran 2:256 &gt;Let there be no compulsion in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error: whoever rejects evil and believes in God hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold, that never breaks. And God heareth and knoweth all things. Yea, the Quran has no contradictory text, it's totally and completely just hate speech targeted at us! Oh the humanity, hide your children, hide your wives, the Muslims are coming for us! Or, and this is just me spitballing here, the Quran is also contradictory and open to interpretation and fucked up pieces of shit like those in ISIS use the passages they like and ignore passages they do not. I don't know though, just a thought.
Did they even make boxed copies of Eu4? I'm sure they have 1.0 Ina repository somewhere though.
They also liked being in the EU.
Ah, you too?
Well I'm not Scottish but I just wanna say I wish you guys well.
Makes the popcorn better though.
I think the real question is what happens to the UK? They're likely to lose Scotland and have the potential of losing Northern Ireland too. I think what you've witnessed today is the end of the UK as we know it.
EU will be fine, they are still the largest economy in Europe and will leverage this against the UK. UK is going to be fucked when negotiating for access to the EU marketplace.
He cares.
Because England has lost it's shit and will loose Scotland for sure, and possibly Northern Ireland while simultaneously having to negotiate with the EU who they just left so they can get access to the EU marketplace. I don't think London could or would leave, but I could see why people would make that kneejerk remark.
It could be getting Northern Ireland back, but that's all just guesses so far.
Not sure I'd congratulate them until we see how they are doing in 6 months.
The fucking leave group literally admitted they didn't know what would happen with the economy if they succeeded. That is a stupid thing to do, to bet your countries economy without even knowing what you're getting into. We'll see what happens in the coming months, but regardless of whether this is good or bad for the UK it was stupid.
Phew.
Low, though I have heard people saying he will resign. But I have no reason to believe that's true.
I've seen some people saying France won't stop migrants on their end of the channel anymore. Overall it's going to be a interesting couple of months.
The UK needs the EU far more than they need you. It's going to be painful for both parties but the EU remains the largest economy in Europe.
Germany and France are the EU, neither will leave, or rather than leaving they would disband it. The UK is in far more danger economically than the EU at this point.
Agreed, it's going to take months or years to see the full extent of this.
I see no reason why I should wait to assume the worst when the others are already assuming the UK has won some kind of lottery. There's going to be a lot of nationalists with bruised egos when Scotland leaves, and Northern Ireland wants to leave now too, and Spain has already proposed join governance of Gibraltar. In 6 years Scotland will be gone. Northern Ireland possibly as well, Gibraltar probably not.
Hey it'd only be fair that they get a chance. Look at the map, all these other parts of England are basically dragging them down a path they don't want. You guys don't need those uppity city goers anyway do you?
And Texas should pay for it.
This is actually incorrect. I don't blame you for thinking that as I see it mentioned a lot. But Texas can not secede. https://youtu.be/S92fTz_-kQE http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/can-texas-secede-from-the-union
In one night you lose value on your money, lost your future in the EU, lost all influence in the EU, lost the promises that the money you saved would go to your NHS, lost Scotland, lost access to the EU marketplace, lost favor in us trade deals. What did you gain? Do you think you'll get access to the EU marketplace without making concession on open migration in the EU?
You will work out a trade deal, there is zero doubt of that. The question is what you will have to give up. It's very likely they will demand you follow several EU regulations. You've handed away your ability to influence the EU. And Obama has already made it clear that the UK is in the back of the line for US trade deals. You didn't get your soul, you sold it to nationalists who lied to you. Your own leader has stepped down rather than attempt to manage the mess you've made.
They'll figure that out over the next couple years.
Flag will have to change again when Scotland leaves, and North Ireland. It'll be a slightly less United Kingdom.
I think Scotland leaving is the most likely and easily predicted outcome. Everything else is still up in the air.
Trump is far more dangerous than Clinton. I can not vote for a right wing nationalist, the court alone is too important.
Lol good luck with that.
Trump is screwed guy. Unless his campaign starts actually trying soon.
Funny thing is even the conservative leader of the UK knows they fucked up and has stepped down. It's gonna be a hell if an interesting couple of years.
That does sound pretty good.
Well we should wait to see how the new expansion affects them. Technology is being redone isn't it?
That percentage will probably get far worse if Scotland leaves.
We just had a self proclaimed socialist get 40% of the vote from a major party.
You're missing an arm there pal. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The economist ranked Donald Trump becoming president significantly higher than Brexit as a negative impact on the economy. So we'll see.
Yea it couldn't have anything to do with the actual racist shit they say.
No, weakening the EU is exactly what ISIS would want. Your national identity also isn't protected, you've literally damaged it far more than immigrants ever would have. You've jeopardized the UK, Scotland and Ireland want out, and anyone who lives in the UK but works in Europe is in danger now. Did you ever bother to even see what you get out of the EU? Your unlimited access to Europe is gone, your trade with Europe is gone. It's going to be a couple years of negotiations to figure out what it'll cost you guys to get that back. Whatever though pal, pretend that you guys didn't just fuck up. Seriously, please, keep pretending. Because the longer you idiots stay committed to this the more it'll hurt when it becomes clear how badly you've fucked yourselves.
Finally something good coming out of Brexit, that right side/left side driving switch was brutal.
Literally one part of my post had to do with one day of market reactions, the rest of my post was about things that the UK HAS LOST and now needs to renegotiate for. Grow up.
Incorrect completely, the UK is going to be England and Wales in a decade, the EU is still up in the air. They voted for this, let them enjoy their rewards.
I assume they'll ask for those back when they leave.
David Cameron threatened to block their EU membership in 2014, whether or not that actually affected any votes I don't know. But now England just threw away your only real weapon against a Scottish referendum.
Yea, I'm genuinely curious what would happen if the UK held another referendum in a week.
That doesn't really work anymore. People are so uppity these days with the interwebs and what not.
Well the UK just cut it's feet off and are waiting to see if they'll grow back bigger and better than ever. I think Scotland would like a chance to be with people that aren't cutting off their feet.
Haha, enjoy your denial as Scotland leaves. Everyone was convinced that there would be no UK leaving EU either and today your PM resigned because he fucked up.
Yea, that's what I assumed.
No need, that GB is wiping itself.
Farage was also open to violence guy is a fucking joke and it's absurd that people supported him. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c9F0JBFPko
Signed, Nigel Farage. http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nigel-farage-wants-second-referendum-7985017#ICID=sharebar_twitter Or are we forgetting that he also wanted this?
It's what Leave wanted to do, so why not? http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nigel-farage-wants-second-referendum-7985017#ICID=sharebar_twitter
Hope you're not a Leave supporter since your good buddy Nigel was prepared to do the same: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/nigel-farage-wants-second-referendum-7985017#ICID=sharebar_twitter And prepared for violence as well. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c9F0JBFPko Guess the right wing isn't as crazy as I thought. /s
And now Scotland will leave, and the English may think it's not justified or they may even decide it doesn't even matter, but that's their mistake. People made their decisions and have managed to piss off Scotland which had previously stayed in the UK due to general thoughts that it'd stay in the EU and even do to Cameron threatening to block their EU membership. The UK left the EU, by the time Scotland is able to apply for membership the UK will have forfeited all influence they had over the EU. Scotland has to live with its choices and so does England.
Luxembourg?
You do realize that the trade is stopped not out of spite but out of a lack of trade deals. You get access to the EU marketplace by negotiation for access, it's a diplomatic process. Members get access by default. The UK will no longer be a member, they will lose access. Obviously they will get access back, 40+% of their exports go to the EU, both the EU and the UK will want the trade to continue. But now the EU has leverage. The EU economy is larger than the UK's, that means they can absorb this far easier than the UK can. The only realy question is how favorable can the new UK leadership manage to swing the trade deals.
TIL. I wasn't 100% sure hence the question mark. Thanks for clarifying it.
&gt;f you want to cry about the outcome and start a second vote because you didn't get what you want, you're an asshole That's what he wanted to do.
Spamming it everywhere is the only way for people to see their own hypocrisy. If you don't like it then down vote it.
It could very well end up being a good decision, but we won't really know for at least a couple of years. Many of the repercussions haven't even been felt yet let alone the benefits.
To be fair the Leave camp made it clear that they'd try again if they lost.
No easy fix for that. I have supported mandatory voting in the US but I'm pretty.... left. So I understand my opinions are not always popular.
Change the requirement to pass to 60% and hold the vote until one side wins.
Either way it's going to be terribly interesting to watch from across the ocean.
Yea I'm still getting the hang of the production system.
You remember that time we nominated a devisive billionaire and tore our electorate apart! Classic leftist infighting.
Niiiice, we've just established that both sides are capable of dumb shit. People, not even once.
Isn't the next general election 2020?
Why not just make these referendums binding? It seems like this whole mess could have been avoided if this was a binding referendum.
Seems to me that this whole thing should have just been a binding referendum. Making this non binding has opened a whole can if worms.
I don't know what's going on but u recognize a paradox game where I read about one.
I would not.
You have a pretty narrow understanding of why some people dislike Trump. I won't vote Trump ever, and his wall or migrant policies have nothing to do with it.
Sarcasm, that's how you know /u/Blueeyesblondehair is someone to listen to.
8 years of gridlock for a president that won both of his elections and yet congress is skewed conservative. It's clearly not as simple as "a whole lot of people don't agree with".
And you're sure that things such as gerymandering have nothing to do with this? Because presidential approval is higher than when killed Bin Laden, while congressional approval is in the dirt. Clearly something is wrong here. It's 56% to 16% by the way... so clearly yes, congress (which is significantly disliked) is doing it's job here preventing a president (who is liked by the majority) from doing anything.
I am not the one who broadened the topic.
It's the eye the tiger it's the thrill of the fight, rising up to the challenge of your rivals.
I applaud it because a European United States like country is something that I support. I don't really give a shit if I say that in an echo chamber or in a sub that hates the very thought of the EU. It's my opinion and I don't see a reason not to voice it.
Having just won my first game as spain I agree. Though my Spanish empire would have liked one earlier.
I want one for literally every single country.
I like both, but your comment seems like bs to me. I've yet to see how Hoi4 doesn't work.
From the minimal testing I did yes, but only through civil war or coup. In my case I had a civil war which pulled the UK I'm in the other side. So I doubt my independence would be long lasting. If you manage to have a coup then most likely yea you would be independent without a war.
Manpower is a well understood term and can be used for men and women who meet the requirements of fighting/working/etc. I don't see the point of this faux outrage.
Brexit_irl http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/270595996984045912/314CB8E592C5F424308C603CBC2CA8CB41B430AD/
Specifically regarding production and handling partisans, I could not have done it without you guys! And bonus picture: http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/270595996984046066/206D73D8B4EE19CA6C4D3EBF86EFF241EFA979A2/
Nope, I had very little hoi3 experience (just a game as spain). Yea once you start pumping out nukes at a unreasonable rate you snowball from there. Loved the game though, just have to decide who to play next.
No guides, just asked questions here in comments sections and occasionally in a self post. My best suggestion would be to just play through a session and then come here and ask any questions you had during it. People here are very helpful.
I'll certainly look into it, though I suspect the upcoming patch may break it for a little while.
I always base my actions off those who I see as barbarians. That way no matter how much of a dick I am I can always point to then and say "well they do it".
I don't see articles daily on this sub about getting rid of Chinese districts in major us cities.
They're 12/14.
There is a reason the US doesn't allow presidents to be elected based on the popular vote. And the UK should never have allowed such an important decision to be done on a strict majority.
That's a hell of a hit.
And neither do the majority of Muslims. Unless things have changed since the last pew survey the majority of Muslims have no interest in making you follow sharia law, even less so if they're in a western country.
Actually this is great information that I'd never known. Thanks.
To shreds you say?
What a ridiculous criteria, and there is no way I could prove that and even if I could I wouldn't waste my time trying to find proof for someone as ridiculously incapable of basic conversation as you.
Too bad WB seems intent on continuing to fuck over PC gamers. (looking at you Mortal Kombat)
But we won't, because they have Robbaz and we like his videos way to much.
Maybe the peace conference should be open the entire time, that way you could claim things as the war progresses, and maybe allow you to pay more for something if you want it more than another member. Allowing a sort of bidding.
Honestly Holocaust isn't going to add anything to the game tactically or strategically, it doesn't even serve to deter Jewish nations from fighting Germany since no such nation existed at the time and would likely have the opposite effect anyway. And Nanking I believe has an event talking about atrocities committed after you take it but it ends there. I agree with OP though that bombing civilians should be in the game, as it serves a strategic goal, lowering morale of enemy combatants and lowering their manpower pool.
