yea tell him johnny
Who the hell would leave a loaf of banana bread uneaten
You rock!
I agree. Binding of Isaac has tons of hidden/unintentonal mechanics and it gives the game SO much depth. I've got more than 1000 hours in the game across both versions and I still don't know everything about it.
That sounds like an anime that I'd watch
Awesome thanks, this is exactly what I was looking for. The warlock one was funny to me. I remember once I drafted 4 flame imps because I thought they were so good. Never have I lost an arena so quickly.
You can (and should) do this for every god in the game
Like copyrighting candy from a baby
What's going on here
&gt;Dark Souls 2, for all it's faults is an amazingly replayable game. I've put so many hours into that game messing with different weapons and builds and doing lots of co-op and I just can't enough of it. I know this is blasphemy for a lot of people but don't get me wrong: I love Dark Souls 1 and I love Bloodborne but DS2 for me is king when it comes to replay-value. That's so weird to hear for me. I love the whole Souls series and played the hell out of DS2 when it came out, but once I stopped I never played through again. I've tried before but always get put off by the dodging and how hard it is to get regeared from the start. I just end up replaying Dark Souls 1 for the 20th time or so.
&gt;In my honest opinion, I would be completely dissatisfied with a product that I paid between 15-45 dollars for that can be beaten in less than two hours. The games we're talking about do not cost that much. Games like To the Moon, Proteus, Dear Esther, Papo y Yo, Little Inferno and hundreds of others are now essentially free. The developers will receive no profit if people beat their games and then return them. *This is not a good thing.*
What I wouldn't give to play this god, this is awesome. Fantastic work
WTB rare pepe
13 second intro what
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/)
I didn't raise you to talk to me that way you ungrateful little shit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ragman_%28comics%29 Edmund likes nerd stuff. /thread
It's not boring, it's a puzzle to figure out the optimal way to go forward. In all honesty it's a very interesting way of playing the game. &gt;I got both cubes with the Book of rev and it did take like 6 hours Now THAT'S boring
It really isn't. 90% of the posts are basically just /r/gaming for Hearthstone. Posts like this are the rare exception. If you want resources you should look into /r/competitiveHS or /r/hearthdecklists
God damn that was fire
You can settle for sculpting us an Old Wa simulator :P
Animals are crapping in our houses and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America! That's not even Mexico.
Agreed, /r/smite mods are great
&gt;I'm definitely not depressed. Unless you're a psych major or a medical professional, you have no way of knowing this. And no, not everybody has suicidal thoughts. In the world of psychiatry suicidal thoughts are ALWAYS taken seriously, especially if they're as persistent as you say. I'll echo the words of everyone else saying that you should see a doc, but in case you're still skeptical here are the symptoms of depression: Fatigue, changes in eating habits, lack of energy, no longer enjoying previously pleasurable activities, lowered sex drive, suicidal thoughts, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, feelings of guilt/worthlessness, persistent sad and anxious mood and thoughts. Keep in mind that depression can happen regardless of your environment or life circumstances, and that it can be as much chemical as it is emotional. Anybody can be clinically depressed.
I just want to say I really like the casual atmosphere of threads and I hope they stay. Anyways, I've been rereading my favorite book recently, The Things They Carried. It's so good. I'm not a huge reader and I usually hate consuming a piece of media more than once but this book is brilliant, it's got so much depth that rereading it even for the 3rd or 4th time feels like discovering something new as opposed to just retreading familiar ground.
That's a great passage. I always describe TTTC to my friends as a book 100% made of quotes you want to show other people but can't because they wouldn't appreciate it without having read the rest first. I think my favorite chapter has to be The Sweetheart of Song Tra Bong. The idea of the jungle just seeping into somebody you love and infecting them is something so chilling, it's written and paced like a horror story. I love it.
I don't see it, what's Berserk about that shot?
If Lower Burg isn't counted then I don't think the Kiln should be either, it only has like 5 enemies right?
This is one of the best posts I've ever seen on this sub
It's Aphrodite disguised as Covert Ops Bastet disguised as Aphrodite
What were 2k and Insomniac like? Did you work with Insomniac during the development of any of the original Ratchet and Clank trilogy?
fkn savage
Oh god Keeper of the Groove sounds like a fantastic boss for Necrodancer
[Omae wa mou shindeiru](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCWbl8ajfA8)
Shadow Madness is probably the best, as Cabal helps to counter midrange decks and Shadow Madness hits a lot of midrangey cards.
Pretty fitting for Hercules, considering he murdered his wife and children. Wait...
Yeah. [The panel just after it](http://a.mhcdn.net/store/manga/176/163.0/compressed/k009.jpg?v=1387689466) is fantastic too, one of those very well composed shots that Berserk is full of.
Where did you get your degree in armchair psychiatry?
Yep. I cackle like an idiot when RNG does something really miraculous to ruin my plays, almost as much as I would if it happened to the opponent. Because it's funny, and it's just a casual card game. There is rarely, if ever, anything actually at stake.
Thank you for your response! And I agree, as a person who's been interested in game design their whole life, the rise of procedurally generated games has been very exciting to me. It's so fascinating that in games like that as you add more content the game just gains depth organically. The Binding of Isaac is a good example of this. I've often wondered about diminishing returns in terms of content when it comes to procedural generation, or whether it's possible to create "the perfect game", one with so much procedural content that it never becomes stale or boring to play. But I guess that's a little off topic. We Happy Few looks great so far, I can't wait to hear more about it. Good luck!
Very good point, I hadn't thought of it that way. I wonder, if this were considered an attack speed slow for the purposes of comparison how much of a slow would it be?
Why not just add a ward that can see through stealth?
What exactly is shitty or tumblr about this gif
Big Boss is Skull Knight, since Guts is Skull Knight's "successor" with the berserker armor. Which makes Flora The Boss. Griffith as Liquid makes sense. Zodd is definitely Ocelot
Eh I don't know, if we're talking everything up to the point where Griffith gets himself sent to prison (or even more so if it's everything up to just before the eclipse) then I think everyone would've figured out he's super shady by then. Especially if Miura just stopped and gave everyone a decade to think about it. It's obvious that Griffith isn't a saint, even pre-eclipse.
Does all that happen? I completely forgot. I guess I might have to reread it all again
What's your job?
This is awesome
DAMN YOU BUTT TO BUTT
To be fair Kickstarter might have the option and I might just be ignorant, but I've still seen overfunding ruin projects. Kickstarter has definitely been used for scams in the past though I'm not sure how they've turned out, and for a service which seems so easily exploitable KS seems to do a good job of weeding out the crap.
Nice
AKA incest fanservice simulator
Just a tip, if you look at the URL of the image you can do a google search to find it easily, link is here: http://phluxxor.deviantart.com/art/Ryuuko-Senketsu-411344232
[r u serious](http://i.imgur.com/yYd3jD8.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/yYd3jD8.png)
Alright so I just wanted to report back with some of my experiences. With some arena grinding and a lucky pack I managed to obtain the two cabals and second lightbomb, and after some testing I just wanted to confirm that you're right, both of these cards are essential and improve consistency so much. I've found that aggressive midrange matchups have improved enormously, zoo especially is so much easier now. Cabals absolutely destroy them. It seems like the second Cabal experiences a lot of diminishing effectiveness in most other matchups but not enough to cut it. After testing mind control a bit I decided that it's far better than ooze. It absolutely seals the deal on paladin matchups and helps a lot with dragon warrior, druid and handlock. Any of the slower matchups really. Ooze just doesn't do enough against aggro to justify its secondary usefulness and the weapon-based matchups don't need that much help to begin with. I think I'll try testing Boom and Sylvanas out sometime in the next few weeks. What I find I've struggled with most recently is tempo mage. With the removal of zombie chows and ooze it's hard to deal with mirror entity, and they either overwhelm me early on or whittle me down enough to burst at the end. Cabals help a ton in the midgame but those are often too slow and if I don't draw SW:P I end up having a hard time managing their threats. I'm thinking maybe shadowform shouldn't be used until very late when you're out of range of burst? I often end up wishing I could heal myself before she can draw her finishers. Oh and one last thing, do you have any tips for tech choices and the cards that might be replaced? I feel like smite, the second cabal and shrinkmeister might be replaceable, but that's all I can think of. In terms of tech maybe MCT. What do you think of Thaurissan? Sorry if it's annoying to keep coming back to this post months later, it's just one of the few real shadowform decks out there and it's such an interesting deck to talk about. I won't be offended if you want me to stop :P
FUCKING WEABOOS REEEEEEEEE
There's a very good Shadowform decklist and commentary here: http://www.reddit.com/r/CompetitiveHS/comments/2y75fc/legend_rank_shadow_priest_feb_2015/ I love this deck and it's a blast to play, but I can't comment on its effectiveness as I'm not a great player. Even so I pull at least a 50% winrate with it overall in ranked. There's another version here that's decent but I haven't used it as much: http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/205554-control-shadowform-priest-road-to-legend-update
ocarina_of_time_speedrunning.gif
I have. I don't go to them for news but I've read many of their reviews over the years and they're always at least adequate.
How do you know all that?
Okay. I remember hearing somewhere that Rat was his first real god designed but I guess I'm wrong.
Aight
In Dear Esther you find narration that reveals more of the story. Would it have been more of a game if you found some random trinkets instead?
Alright, I think I will test Thaurissan a bit then. Believe it or not Day9 is actually running a shadowform priest right now that he's been building over the last few weeks. He's definitely not the best deckbuilder in the world but it's interesting to see the different choices he makes and how they play out for him. He runs a Mass Dispel and Doomlords, for instance. [Here's the deck](https://youtu.be/5Y1PHS_asxA) in its current iteration
A more expensive version of a normal ward that reveals stealth. I think it'd have to be significantly more expensive so you can't just hard counter loki, but not too expensive that people couldn't use it to counter stealth and sneaky backdooring.
Post it once, no need to clog up the subreddit daily
~~Football isn't a moba. In football does the winning team become faster and more powerful than the losing one?~~
My bad, I took your comment as saying that because football doesn't use comeback mechanics neither should smite. I should stop skimming these posts before commenting
The new passive is still bad. This one is arguably even worse.
I have, yeah. It's not useful during a fight and not useful at the start of it, it's only good after a fight, and since you have no reason to use your 2 after a fight it ends up being pretty situational.
If you consider yourself to be a true teammate of this man, then take heed... for when his tower collapses, you will experience feeding... feeding which you can never escape!
Wasn't it just a month ago that everybody was criticizing DM for throwing his best friend under the bus? Did you all forget about that or am I missing something?
Anybody have a vod?
Twitch, any competitive gaming community ever, and now real life as well
Waterfall in my pants
Yeah, this is a pretty big disappointment to me. I'm glad we're getting another Souls game but I'm sad that the actual world of Dark Souls 1 isn't getting any more attention. For all Dark Souls 2 got right it never really felt like Dark Souls to me.
&gt;leveling/stats/movement Was it really an improvement to have to teleport back to a hub area and skip through dialogue every time you wanted to level up? Or to have to level a near-useless stat just to get the dodge rolling from the other games back?
Any chance whatsoever that Old Wa's kit will see some form of reintroduction into the game?
ENEMY HOU-YI 130 ABOVE
It's not going to suck as much as you guys think. Try The Lost with the D4 or D100 using mods, it's stupid fun.
It's yo tambien gracias mi is possessive
Yo can mean I or me. Mi just translates directly to my
Why don't you find out what actually happened instead of making assumptions?
yo tambien gracias
I don't really hate any characters, but I guess Gwyndolin's kind of a jerk. He's pretty much the only character with any real power and he spends it all guarding nothing.
Honestly I think it's a little insulting to Smite's programmers that you think it would take them an entire year of work just to create a new matchmaking algorithm.
I agree completely. The gameplay is Uncharted without the bad puzzles and playful banter, but everyone heaps praise on one and criticizes the other. It's always been weird to see.
Well of course we want this to be a thing, people have been asking about this for a year. What took so long?
Is there anything wrong with that? Solo lane allows for pretty much every other type of god, no reason it shouldn't allow hunters to lane there too.
The PS3 is absolutely still worth it. I don't think I'll ever be through playing games on it, the library is just massive.
As in my PC hardware? I don't know it off hand but it's a mid-high end PC. The problem isn't the power of the PC it's PCSX2's compatibility, for some reason the Ratchet games aren't optimized for PCSX2. I would imagine that other games have this issue as well but I don't know. Point is it's not a perfect solution.
Uh...PCSX2?
They're overpriced plastic DLC that people go nuts over for some reason. Personally I believe it's some of the scummiest DLC in the game industry but it's Nintendo so nobody cares
This literally looks nothing like any Metal Gear Solid game's interface
More like a grimace
Yeah, she's by far my least favorite character of the series. She has just three modes: Being bitchy, attacking Guts, and crying. Sometimes two or three at once. Learning her backstory may make you sympathize with her more but it doesn't make her character any more enjoyable. The other characters love to talk about how strong and competent she is, how she's a born leader who can put her biases aside and handle herself during stress, but all we ever really see of her is crying, fighting poorly and trying to kill Guts. She seems like she would make a terrible leader. It's a shame, because I love complex and capable female characters. By all rights she should be one of my favorites, but she just ends up being annoying. Farnese and Luca end up being more interesting.
Good choice. It kind of sucks that you watched the anime first but it's a decent enough adaptation so I doubt you spoiled it for yourself.
https://bakabt.me/details.php?id=162057&amp;page=0 This is the only place I know of which has all the official translations.
To be fair it's pretty tough if you don't. He's just so aggressive. I'm a veteran DS1 player and on my most recent challenge run I fought him midrolling without parrying and it was pretty damn difficult, even for me. Although to be fair, not using a shield might also have had something to do with it
Thanks. I've tried somebody else's tweaks and they got it to go from totally unplayable to just a little unplayable :P but I'll try these when I get the chance.
How so?
I didn't say it was an insanely deep system, just that it was good to keep the player on their toes while they fought instead of just mindlessly whacking away the way that most games in the KH series end up being. Plus some reaction commands were situational and required you going out of your way to activate them. They could've used some toning down to be sure, but they were still a good addition.
That clickbait title
So very moist
Pretty sure he didn't make that photo, just used it for the video
They should let you enable and disable whichever lines you want. Satisfies everyone.
No, stop bitching. That is all.
Why is Isis such a popular ban right now? I was always under the impression that she wasn't good enough for widespread competitive play.
nice meme XD
To be fair there isn't a character in Smite that isn't a walking stereotype or parody
Nice! I was just listening to [a song from this show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBlWwLbSvfk) earlier today
&gt;That we ran it through a translator 43 times, it is now &gt;Me too thanks
The future is here
tbf richard dawkins did coin the term meme
How in the hell was Nox in second place? She wasn't even a popular god before the rework. That's baffling.
white people
It's impressive that they managed to predict an ending that hasn't happened yet
&gt;it's only 320 base with 120% scaling **Only** 320 base with 120% scaling? Do you realize how strong that is for a physical? And it's on such a short cooldown too.
It's not that big of a deal. I've basically hit the ceiling on the things I can get from the warbarge and all I really get is 80k ISK per day, 5000 SP per day and 3% extra weapon damage. All of those can be achieved within a pretty short amount of time.
Getting 8 stacks on a melee attack speed character with a Kali hit chain is not actually all that difficult
I haven't been able to play a new Souls game in more than a year, don't ruin this for me.
Haha yeah right
Justice demands justice!
Who the fuck designed this slide
Me irl
From what I've heard it's a very shallow mobile game worth a few hours of fun and nothing more
I see ad hominem and argument from authority do I win the prize
You can press Source under any comment to see the formatting used to create it
&gt;here are a few hundred people that still play DUST Way more than that. The peak concurrent hovers around 2500-2800 per day.
Yeah, it's honestly a little shocking how stable the playerbase has been. It's been in steady decline for a very long time now but even so it's still going fairly strong.
Kumbha body pillow ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
Tomoko is me_irl paydirt
Hearing this makes me think I should consider playing joust league again
~~Everyone else does -40% damage, the person you ult does full damage~~
Oh I totally missed that, my bad
I'm disappointed that it isn't. Sounds like a great idea since warlocks have so much draw + you have something to fall back on if your combo fails.
Chronos would absolutely ruin a Bacchus in 1v1 with two players of equal skill
You may not have faced them, but they faced you.
Man, that was a beautiful comic. I'm glad I... wait...[ what's that sound?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr4IYjeplJA) Oh no...
Man I hope we never have to suffer through a jealousy arc
Peri Peri THRUST
And only 200 signatures left to eliminate racism from the face of the earth!
&gt;\&gt;Steven looks him straight in the eyes and says "Have a great weekend!" LMAO
You two have so much in common
Well she WOULDN'T be in the game in her old state if she was never reworked, they would've removed her ability to split push effectively a long time ago. But for the sake if argument, if she was still in split push and all then she would be banned a lot, yes.
TEM DOWN FOR WHAT
What are you doing, scraping the key every time you use it?
*wicked guitar solo*
So I could play an amazing final boss that was 100% worth it and I would totally slaughter all my friends again for Fight me
$31.5 for a t-shirt tho
I've put about 1200 hours in and have spent zero. It is a very, very good game.
Kanye and Kendrick, the wombo combo
go fuck yourself mate
Shhhhh Shhhhhhh
Normal chord: |A| |B| |C| Arpeggiated chord: |A| |B| |C| Same notes, but the notes are played slightly out of sync. Fun video game fact, older consoles could only use a certain number of sound channels at any given moment, so composers at the time had to use arpeggiated chords to emulate the sound of ordinary chords. [That's what led to the distinctive sound of a lot of older game consoles' music, especially the Commodore 64.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HWHneafZ8w)
The Downwell shopkeeper is so cute. "You're too poor!"
That was the first thing I tested when I saw I made him mad. I was fully prepared to be obliterated on the spot. Good thing he's a pacifist!
&gt;2x5mg of melatonin Holy guacamole that's way too much, most of what I've read says even 2mg is many times the normal amount of melatonin the body produces at night. Apparently it's more effective in small doses than large ones. At the very least, 1.5 mg is way more effective than the whole 3mg pill for me.
&gt;informative and friendly lol no
Bellona lives for battle
AAHHHHHHHHHHH
Arachnee-san
Rainbow Quartz still wins tbh, she even has [goddamn Flashdance leg warmers](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_WQnDRmZpycc/TP-5VU32EZI/AAAAAAAAAIs/8gvqkjpOvNs/s1600/flashdance_1.jpg)
Steven Rubyverse
LET'S SEE YOU CENSOR THIS MOTHERFUCKERS
We can only hope
I'm glad somebody finally decided to say something here. I've seen it a million times before, the quality and quantity of communication with the playerbase will make or break an online game. Players will defend your game to the death if you tell them everything that's going on, but silence will only cause people to leave. So thanks for the info! :)
Exactly! And diamond rhymes with virus!!!!!!! It all makes sense.
This ain't pop son, this is EDM
These guys have no sense of humor.
I can't be the only one who thinks that operators like this shouldn't be buffed, can I? I don't want Kapkan to ever be viable. His mines are just not a fun mechanic, they don't feel good to get kills with and they don't feel good to die to. I'm alright with him being a newbie trap and nothing more.
You have a gift for writing
The ebb and flow of the hair is a noble thing
Wah wah wahhhh
The girl needs to eat though, this model is skinnier than a twig
Probably. I live near Anaheim, if that makes any difference. &gt; All of my friends have iPhones and Starbucks. Isn't that pretty much everywhere in the US?
That's just, like, your opinion man. Paladins is great.
You should absolutely contact Edmund and Tyrone about this, Edmund in particular has asked about guaranteed damage rooms in the past so he could remove them. I'm sure he would really appreciate something as thorough as this, and it'd make the game better in the long run.
Didn't the devs screw over Dirty Bomb? I kept hearing about it and then all of a sudden people were talking about how they broke the game.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CRdLSDyWoAAfqNt.png
Peace and Love on Planet Earth might be my favorite lyrical song now. Clever lyrics, uptempo beat and all the gems singing? Yes please
Maybe Jasper defeats all the crystal gems and snorts all their shattered gem shards to become OMEGA JASPER!!
If you tried to ban every 2edgy4u person on 4chan there would be nobody left
I don't watch any of them. But the fact that they made it their GOTY completely flies in the face of all the people saying it's only popular because of memes and exploration of gender/sexual identity (both of which are barely in the game anyway)
Sterling was an odd one out in that list, yeah, but I included him for completion's sake. I still don't associate him much with tumblr though. People can have opinions about objectification in games without being tumblristas.
WAT
Sounds like you're mad!
That sounds like something a mad person would say!
Most devs do NOT post patch notes and bug lists this in-depth, sorry.
Breaking the wood takes three melee hits and is very loud. Now imagine having to do that on EVERY door or you couldn't progress. Attackers wouldn't stand a chance.
With a well placed hit you only have to melee once before you can instantly vault through the door. Three melee hits is much more time consuming and noticeble.
&gt;With a well placed hit, you also need to hit it once to see if there's a laser there. You *don't* have to right now, because the screw is there. Remove the screw, and now you have to painstakingly check every single door for traps before you move through them. It's not jumping the gun if you check to see if they screw's there.
Dude, you're not listening. With the way Kapkan is, you can check just by looking at the door. You literally cannot vault through it without checking for a kapkan trap, since the traps are always visible.
Prediction: Upcoming episode "11 minutes of Greg playing guitar solos" is just 11 minutes of Greg playing guitar solos.
Just what Isaac needs, to be even easier.
frist of all how **dare** yo u
Really?? I guess I must have missed them. Either way, good stuff.
Yeah, a whole 1.5 seconds worth!
A weapon of ass destruction
Another one.
Them gems that was invading, I beat the gems up, and blew the shards up, and when I blew the shards up, I put them in the fuckin boy's bubble. Yeah I blew all the shards up and put them in the fuckin boy's bubble. You can put them in the bubble too.
Don't forget the [roadmap](http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1368504-January-2016-Priority-Fixing-Top-Issues) and [bug list.](http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1332624-Top-Priorities-and-Known-Issues-Updated-1-7-2016) The latter is especially detailed. I honestly am not sure what other information they could provide without making false promises or getting lost in the overly technical.
Yep
Heh. First race war, huh?
Also http://www.adultswim.com/shrimpandjazz/ shrimp and jazz
I'm walking on sunshine, woah oh oh
Early seasons of the Simpsons are still some of the most popular and critically acclaimed things to ever air on television. It gets awful after season 10 of course but everything before that is pure gold and I will defend it to the death
It's funny, I tried reading that manga recently and couldn't get into it. The artstyle is excellent but the characters all looked exactly the same without color and the writing seemed fairly weak (but that may just be the translation)
It's much much harder to properly convey plot and character driven stuff in spot ads that are seconds long.
Just call me Apache
I don't think it worsens the original series at all. I just consider them completely different shows. There's Old Simpsons and New Simpsons, like Teen Titans and Teen Titans Go. One is fantastic, and the other isn't worth paying attention to. It helps to realize that the vast majority of people who worked on the original Simpsons are either dead or they left the show, so it's essentially being made by entirely new people anyway
I mainly include Season 10 because it's a round number, but it does have some pretty classic episodes. Thirty Minutes Over Tokyo, They Saved Lisa's Brain, Simpsons Bible Stories, Homer To The Max etc are all pretty good. There is very little of value after that though.
&gt;He was a zombie?
[Girls can't love girls](http://i.imgur.com/LfiTl6S.png)
The pilot was the first episode of the show, actually. Doc and Mharti was the original conception of the characters though.
I link wasn't what I was expecting but it's perfect nonetheless
I don't give a single fuck if sledge is a newbie class. I'll stay a newbie for the rest of my life as long as I get to keep that sexy hammer.
Some might say that his reply was unhelpful
Classic Garnet
[You must not have been looking very hard ](https://www.google.com/search?q=nihilism+stereotype+reality&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=714&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi1kZeygabKAhUT3WMKHa4FBKMQ_AUIBigB&amp;dpr=0.9)
foreboden
Those too, yeah. They were great.
You really can't think of a single reason somebody might want a skin? It's to express yourself. It's not like real life soldiers don't customize their weapons.
It mistakes innovation for novelty?
If SU ever gets canceled then there is no justice in this world
He spoils the shit out of Undertale in his video, and afaik he doesn't give any warnings before hand. Avoid it at all costs until you've played it.
He's higher risk than most other defenders, who have place-and-forget gadgets. If you get picked early then you're basically useless. I don't think he's as essential as you're making him out to be. However, I do think he's easily one of the best defenders. The FMG is insane.
The Tatami Galaxy
EDUWADO ELURIKU
This makes me ashamed to be a human being
The old non sequitur / red herring combo, good one
he is the best character tho
That's not how you spoiler tag friend
Elko, bringer of buff Summoner of swole Drawer of jacked
It will never be as idealized as it was in the game. Having kids is hard as fuck and will never turn out the way you think it will
I use Lazarus and a beautiful Chrome extension called Backstop in order to circumvent this program. I haven't backspaced out of a page in years. It's a beautiful thing.
How did you cry for 75% of the game, it only gets really sad in the last two hours or so
Okami still has one of the best endings of any game I've ever played. Every time I reach that ending and The Sun Rises starts playing I have to wipe my eyes.
that's the joke
You must've been speedrunning it
Well, one of the first things we're taught in any course that touches upon social psychology is that humans are HORRIBLE at making assumptions about systems without the data to back it up. We always think we're right but we're usually way off the mark. We tend to overvalue things like patterns or streaks without looking at the big picture. I don't mean to condescend, that's just the way it is. So the only reliable way anyone can know whether or not it's really random is through a sample, yeah. I actually think a sample like this would be relatively free of bias though, because you probably wouldn't have to control for regional differences and response bias isn't likely to be a problem unless people get salty and supply fake data. All it would really take is a reasonable number of people accurately reporting a reasonable number of maps. The only tricky part is the actual data testing. I don't want to set it up because I'm lazy and my stats is really rusty but it's absolutely feasible. Edit: Because I'm a huge nerd and I love going overboard, I did some digging to see what it would take to determine whether something is random/pseudorandom or not. Full disclosure, this is based off a few casual google searches by a person who's only taken a handful of stats courses. You can use these resources to perform your own informal sample. One of the sites suggested using a chi-squared test, which sounds right to me. So I found a site that automates chi-squared tests: http://www.surveysystem.com/sscalc.htm . [These are the fake data I used to show how it works](https://gyazo.com/3be7f7edb42d206f18d031b1cbd0dc68). I used a sample size of 90 because there are 9 maps and 9/90 is really easy to calculate. The "observed #" are just numbers I made up that are reasonably distributed around the expected mean of 10 occurrences per map. [The results are here.](https://gyazo.com/f5a4b4ae3058480cd05d319cd9a3007d) If the p-value you have (.7787) is less than .05, then you can reasonably conclude that the results you got were unlikely to have happened by chance and therefore it's likely that the distribution of maps is NOT random. If it's GREATER than .05 then it's likely that the results ARE random. I think. Might've gotten that reversed. You can use [this](http://www.surveysystem.com/sscalc.htm) to determine the sample size you're comfortable with taking before inputting the results; the higher the sample size, the more accurate the results are likely to be. Have fun!
Yeah I've heard all the "slowed down x times" stuff. Personally I don't ever see it but I think they're all tweaked enough that they are worth evaluating as their own songs anyway.
It seems to be a part of gaming culture. Which is depressing, because it's my favorite hobby and I wish people would be more positive about it.
&gt;SC2 isn't as popular as it may have been at WoL launch but that may just be because people play mobas now instead of RTS. Well, if you take so long that entire genres can pop up and render your game obsolete before you've addressed the issues then maybe you're fixing problems too slowly?
y u heff 2 be mad
Nah, there's a culture of outrage that persists across most of gaming. I've seen it happen online and offline, singleplayer and multiplayer. From Binding of Isaac to Hearthstone. I've seen it happen with games that aren't even out yet. People just love to get mad about video games.
These aren't people I'm hanging out with. These are just things I've observed, primarily on the internet.
/r/bindingofisaac has gone nuts multiple over times over things of very little consequence, and as far as I'm aware those shitstorms took place on other forums too. Every time a super broken item gets nerfed they bitch nonstop for days. If you want examples then find archives of posts about the nerfing of the Stopwatch, Dark Bum and Krampus's Head. The most egregious example was the recent 109/"timegate" nonsense. Basically the community went got extremely butthurt over what amounted to a buggy release and started spewing conspiracy theories. They were claiming that the devs timegated content as "revenge" for dataminers spoiling a secret in a previous release, despite the devs explicitly saying otherwise. Nicalis definitely could've handled the situation better but the amount of people throwing around hyperboles like "I'm never buying a Nicalis/Edmund Mcmillen product again" was ridiculous. Ultimately Edmund decided to take a break from social media because he was sick of the negativity.
*In the tutorial*: Well I don't understand what all the fuss is about, the strategy required is really quite simple. All you need is to block and attack at the proper time. *At the first boss*: OH COME ON, I WAS BLOCKING! UGH, UNBELIEVABLE! *continues playing for another 6 hours*
I like that attraction :(
&gt;Also Mulan came out around the same time, and for some reason she's still pushed as a princess. Yeah it kind of bothers me that Mulan is still marketed as a princess, since one of the main themes (if not THE main theme) of the movie is female empowerment and breaking gender boundaries. She's a badass woman who learns to be a warrior to protect her family against her society's will and ends up saving her entire country, but she still gets lumped in with all the other lame princesses disney's ever come up with. &gt;:|
Yeah, the Hearthstone subreddit is especially circlejerky. I don't even care if half the conspiracies are true, just chill out and stop talking about it.
Might be a display error
Ease up on the damn ellipses man, try using a period everyone once in a while
I figured. Oh well, thanks for the info
oh
He's so tone deaf holy fuck
On Reddit the devs have to sift through a lot of crap and people clamoring for their attention, official channels are much better for reporting bugs. I would either make a thread [on the forums](http://forums.ubi.com/forumdisplay.php/717-Rainbow-Six-Siege), make a comment in one of the official threads or open a support ticket.
Risk of Rain definitely isn't perfect and it isn't for everyone. Personally I want to love the game and have played it a lot, but the nature of the gameplay and the lack of build variety a la Binding of Isaac makes it feel very monotonous after a while.
&gt;Garnet has only shown him something close to respect once That's not true, Garnet has always made an effort to show respect to Greg. She spoke with him about fusion before Steven even existed, specifically thanked him for his efforts after they received Lapis's message, and is always courteous to him. I would argue that Pearl's present day relationship with him is better than you're making it out to be too
Not if you actually want them to be punished.
&gt;DeeDee Magno Hall (Pearl) is a Diamond And just like that, the "Pearl is a diamond" fantheory was born
Those teeth can't be normal
&gt;And he carried out that order for 30 years until he was given orders otherwise. That's not praiseworthy. It's not brave and it's not noble. It's exceedingly stupid. Following orders given to you by authority is not inherently good. You don't have to look very hard through WWII's history to find the moral to that story.
Keys to his house I guess? Iunno
Hum of Ility
I don't believe him. He's probably working with Edmund "Literally Satan" McMillen in a plot to have all dataminers killed.
No that was a certified ARG, ARGs can and do take place in real life for a big part of it. Only part of the game took place in santa cruz though
That's not a generalization. He's talking about experiences he has had and his opinion of them. Notice he said these are his FRIENDS' responses, not everyone's.
When you put it that way Rose rused the fuck out of Pearl didn't she
https://www.google.com/webhp?hl=en#hl=en&amp;q=6+pm+est+to+gmt
Lordy I hope so, that map is sick
There are plenty of people kicking ass in masters with gods that aren't overpowered though
I really really hope Rose never comes back. It would pretty much undermine all the character development the characters have had up to this point and it would feel really cheap.
butterface pearl
I love the happy little skull on death's scythe
[His journal entry for that day is heartbreaking](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7184/6874680619_f01998e332_o.jpg)
&gt;A lot of people watch family sitcoms because they're trying to be immersed in an idealic family that loves each other to escape the more complicated problems within their own. Then why does my family binge watch The Simpsons???
FIRE THE PLAGIARIST RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS! Just kidding, this is really cool. I love the little blue buff guy peeking in the corner.
The first person coaster riding completely blew my mind as a kid. It was one of the most immersive things I'd seen in a game up to that point. That and building death parks was WAY cooler in RCT3 since the coaster would barrel all the pedestrians out of the way when it hit them. RCT 1 and 2 were arguably better games, and my PC at the time could barely run 3, but I'll still remember it most fondly.
Reading this just makes me hate Ronaldo more
DO NOT HOLD
Nah that's Amethyst. And maybe Garnet, but I think she's too compassionate for that. Ronaldo would probably frequent /x/ and spam his theories though.
True. Major Katsuragi is clearly the best.
Worth
&gt;Warning: Autoplaying Music Bless you
Ah yes, the picture that was "censored by Imgur", that was a very strange conversation
:(
I'm pretty sure Amethyst wants the confidence too, more than the strength. Both of them crave the security that Garnet has because they're both deeply insecure
This card would basically cost 0 mana. The only caveat is you can't use your hero power the turn you play it
&gt;-FUCKING CAMO ON YOUR ARMOR I feel like this would mess with the game itself too much by making it harder to see which operator they're playing at a glance. Everything else sounds awesome though. I would kill for some cool shield and barricade skins
Not always. They need to be in your vision for a good few seconds to be identified, and it's not often that you have that luxury. The number of times I've called out a Kapkan/Jager/Smoke roaming without them being identified is too many to count
That would be amazing Probably not that much of a curse for most players, but still fantastic. I imagine newbies would be sad about the already confusing item descriptions becoming even more confusing though.
The puzzles almost all alter the world in some way, like opening doors or powering switches. That review seems really nitpicky. Who cares if there aren't any puzzles where you have to wander around looking for some meaningless object to use on some other meaningless object to progress?
Thank you!
I guess I'm not alone in saying that I would also consider paying $9 plus shipping for something like this. That's actually a very reasonable price for a custom made item sold to enthusiasts.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
[Wow, I thought I was the only one!](http://i.imgur.com/EunOAeA.jpg) Note: It's held together by orange tape, not peanut butter. Also that is a plastic knife
I felt the same about RoA when I first got into it, but as far as I'm aware many of the online problems have been fixed, or at least mitigated. It now natively supports most gamecube controller adapters too.
Huh. That's very odd. Guess the mystery will go unsolved
Oh wow I didn't know Lilith was their logo, that's very interesting. Thanks!
Calling Far Cry 4 a multiplayer shooter is a bit of a stretch
At first glance these look extremely fake
The phrase "Kony 2012" reminds you of a video about Kony 2012? Woah
I only aimed down sights for a split second before backing off because he threw a nitro charge
When whiny whistleblowers finally got bored and decided to complain about something else in the games industry
He blasted your mind!
Fine, I respect that. But you can't just use buzzwords to generate a negative reaction towards something you don't like. "Focusing development efforts" is a ridiculous statement for a number of reasons. Developers cannot and will not work on skins, that's the artists' job. The existence of skins won't have any effect on the speed with which the devs can fix issues. And even if skins DID effect the speed of development, they definitely are not focusing on them. They've already released several patches addressing core issues and more are soon to come. The next patch arrives in 5 days, along with *free dlc.*
I remember liking his videos, what did he do?
I agree, I'm a little disappointed he lost because of the recent episode hype train. Shirt Club isn't even that bad, and most of Buck Dewey's lines in the other episodes are gold. &gt;Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. You got that much-needed counterpart to our cynical world view. He's like the Garnet of the beach city citizens.
I swear to fucking god this is the only subreddit where people can see a person brutally rape and murder countless people and then turn around and ask "dae dislike this person?" without a hint of irony Like did you really expect to be the only one?
The intro cinematics are honestly one of my favorite parts of this game, I love every single one of them.
Hooray! I'm really starting to actually like IQ, so this video arrived at the perfect time. You da best Serenity
Ra's heal used to buff allied protections and debuff enemy protections. If you're going to compare it to Sol's 2 and mention her slow then you should mention Ra's 3's full effects too.
Oh lord
It's cool that the CTUs are turnout to be so nationally diverse and I think the inclusion of a Japanese unit is great, but why Japan? I don't remember ever hearing about Japanese special forces at all.
Pearl Dewey shipping is an abomination
Well my favorite ship is the Titanic and you know how that story ended
Not everything is hacking. There's no hack out there that will let you shoot through a deployable barrier
Why does Cowboy Bebop's soundtrack have to be so fucking good Yoko Kanno is a goddess
NYEH HEH HEH
Ash's criminal neglect caused his pikachu to suffer from crippling obesity
/r/titlegore would be proud o-o
After clicking that link I had to double check to make sure it didn't come from /r/smite. Not bad! I was expecting a Dota reference or something
"We are the Crystal Gems"
5 mana 4-7 At the start of your turn, add a copy of this minion to your hand (may or may not include buffs idk)
i.reddit images can't be resized through click and drag though, and that's pretty annoying
Ugh I don't even want metro in windows why would I want it in steam
どういたしまして A whole semester of Japanese and this is all it's ever going to be good for. Worth it imo
Yes. Specifically, ranked is so much more populated with hackers that your rank means very little and you're actively shooting your enjoyment of the game in the foot if you play it. But that's the gist of it.
You sicken me
Please do not tell me you play video games while driving on the freeway
You can be too bored to play video games???
Likely. In that case I'll be all for not having to use imgur for quality image hosting
I think you looks ugly
That Twitch one is excellent, I might just pick that one up. Although I wish the faceplate looked a bit more medieval
That's the spirit!
Video games are life, my friend
Yes. I did. Which is why I said "please don't tell me." It's possible for one part of a comment to be a joke and the other part not to be. Using a phone on the toilet is something millions of people do, myself included. That's not a joke. So, on the off chance that this person is actually stupid enough to play Hearthstone while driving on the freeway, I wanted to make it absolutely clear that that is not okay. Of course he's probably joking, but I don't believe you should fuck around at all when it comes to driving. At least not until we're all being shepherded around by self-driving cars.
Well I'm not going to claim that I have all the answers, but: A trend I see among the games you listed is they're all big-name AAA games. Personally, that kind of game bores the fuck out of me. I used to enjoy them when I was a kid but after having played games for so long I got tired of the same old formulas and uninspired writing. I skip over 95% of them now (with the exception of games that are universally acclaimed like The Witcher 3, where I wait until they're very ~1/5th of the original price before I buy). A few years back I fell into a slump with games because I kept trying to play a bunch of AAAs. I thought I just didn't like video games anymore. Then I discovered The Binding of Isaac and to this day I have about 1400 hours between the two versions, give or take. It's all about finding the niche that appeals to you. For me it's a) a few unique AA games - games with medium sized budgets that aren't afraid to take risks - like Rainbow Six Siege and Dark Souls, and b) a lot of indie games (TBoI, Hyper Light Drifter, Bastion/Transistor, To The Moon, Rocket League, Else Heart.Break() and Crypt of the Necrodancer, to name a few). Any game that can give me something that I basically can't find in any other game, I'll play. I want games that *take risks* and do something to push the medium forward. I won't buy a game unless I'm excited about it.
Something something cultural relativism justifies vigilante murder, got it
Hell it'd work on me
Something something Rose of Helena
If they're going to go with CG, then I think combining hand-drawn faces with animated models looks pretty excellent. They started doing that a lot in the last Golden Age movie and it turned out great. I really hope the summer anime goes that route. I want to be optimistic about it, but the PVs they've released don't inspire much confidence
Are you sure? The official description seems to imply that it's only early access and not free access. I'm not sure what to think anymore haha
It's really, really naive to think that Blizz was only working on their anticheat for a week.
Hell I'd watch it
ok
Excellent TL;DR 👌👌👌
If you're using pills in the middle of combat as the lost then you're doing it wrong anyway. If you're out of combat and it's retro vision then just wait it out or quit+reload
idk I think items of this tier are enough. 3 dollar bill alone has carried many a run for me
No beer and no TV make Homer something something
I think the best part of the game is by far the multiplayer. A lot of people will probably disagree on that but I have scarcely ever seen destruction in a MP shooter implemented this well. To this day I think only Battlefield Bad Company 2 and Rainbow Six Siege can compare. The SP was alright but otherwise pretty dull compared to the rampaging hilarity of the MP.
Marketing for cartoons is really shit, in my experience. They just don't know how to make them seem appealing, and end up taking the least appealing aspects and putting them at the forefront of the trailers. This is especially prevalent in ads targeted at younger demographics. Take for example, Steven Universe, which I consider to be one of the best cartoons, if not one of the best shows of all time. Compare[ this terrible promo for it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAY8AAjXLKQ) with [this \(slightly spoilery\) scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kSeHzYov1g) from the actual show. I know it's targeted at kids, but the trailers just do such a shitty job of capturing the actual nature of the show and what makes it so good.
I have no idea why you're getting downvoted, what you're saying isn't wrong. If you're pulling ridiculous scores all the time and your aim is really good then it's definitely a possibility that the system might register a false positive.
Well you won't want to live in a van down by the river when you're living in a VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER
Wow, unironically using the word obfuscating??? How the hell am I even supposed to know what that means? Put down the thesaurus, nerd.
It's true
God I hope not
Silly Ubisoft forgot to tick the rain, fog and storm buttons when they were uploading their game! Rookie mistake.
Plot twist: Siege IS the STD, and it's incurable. The only relief is more Siege
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
fuck off pls
The fact that this is actually Tony Hawk makes it even better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glTnjGmjTcQ
Wah hah hah
How is this you irl
Floating isn't hype, sexy warlock punches are. That's all there is to it. I've made peace with it though, the float is amazing and his down taunt special makes up for the lack of punch
Man I never realized how much I actively disliked Dreamworks movies until I saw them all together like this
I like that Ash was part of an engineering program at a university but still thinks shooting a reinforced wall is gonna do something
Points don't mean shit, except as a psychological incentive to encourage people to perform actions which help the team. Valkyrie could get 100 points per cam and it still wouldn't make a difference **Edit:** Courtesy of /u/fikealox: http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1352317-Ranked-Matchmaking-FAQ-Forums &gt; What makes my rank change? What parameters are taken into account? &gt;Exactly two things: &gt;The relative skill levels of the players/teams in the game. Whether or not your team won the game. &gt;KDA doesn't matter. Your score doesn't matter. Rainbow Six is a team-based game and as such, the only thing that accurately determines whether you're a good R6S player is your ability to make your team win games. Straight from the mouth of Ubi dev Electr1cPanda
What does editing have to do with it? In fact a lot of the time Trump's editor will make edits that completely contradict Trump's supposed arrogance
You sure? That doesn't make sense to me but it's possible
Literally the worst character in the show and everyone would be better off if he disappeared and was never mentioned again
If possible could I get a source on that?
Gee bill you sure have shit taste
thatsthejoke.png
Green Jesus will fix everything
So this guy says he just accidentally cheated on the girl he was seeing
Did u rike it
Everyone is a dude on the internet until proven otherwise
I don't think you understand how this meme works
Remastering a 5 year old game? Ok. It doesn't even look that bad. Some of those mountain vistas still look gorgeous imo. This just seems like a cash grab
Kind of, but there's still a lot of stuff that he hasn't used yet. Some of the more occult and not "canon" Biblical lore, that kind of thing. Lilith was a good start, she's only mentioned once in the actual Bible afaik, everything else about her is based on myths extraneous to the text
He was being sarcastic
God I miss that game
Why do they even announce this crap so far in advance? I'm really getting tired of this facet of the games industry. Do people really need to know the exact release date 9 months before the game is gonna come out?
That's fighting a lost cause. Kids are always going to stumble upon stuff that isn't G rated on youtube, especially outside of SU related stuff. Best to focus your energies on more worthwhile causes.
Yeah I mean you've got Pearl, Pearl, Pearl, Opal, Pearl, it's basically a harem at this point
haha ur old lol
&gt;When they first got split up in Jailbreak, Ruby had a panic attack, and Sapphire was signing compulsively to comfort herself. [[[citation needed]]]. Also I seriously doubt that was meant to be a depiction of a panic attack given how debilitating panic attacks are &gt;Incidentally, this is likely why Garnet has three eyes, since the crew often uses many-eyed fusions to show that the components aren’t seeing eye-to-eye. [ciiiiiiiiiiiiiitation needed]. Does this mean Stevonnie and Opal (lol) are the only two stable fusions in the entire show?
Exactly my point. I think this sub's theory game is a little wack, a few stumble upon good theories but most of it is just pure conjecture with little to no substance to it
Subtract 8 hours from each and they're all increments of 24
What it can still be ヽ( ͡°╭​͜ʖ╮​͡° )ﾉ
I don't see how that's relevant. All that matters is he struggles. Edit: I'm assuming the people downvoting me have never read Berserk. http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/12/129659/3741725-v1c1+count+4.jpg http://static8.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/12/129659/3741724-v1c1+count+3.jpg http://pre11.deviantart.net/b675/th/pre/i/2015/260/2/3/untitled_by_grinderkiller1-d99xx8k.png http://archive.facetasm.com/bundles/bilderundworte/uploads/catalog/product/127001/item127199.2.jpg http://static2.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/11112/111128749/4830963-1010431515-berse.jpg http://i.imgur.com/H3UZjL3.png http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/15/150339/2979809-7228957615-berse.jpg http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/12/129659/3741733-v1c1+count+5.jpg http://static3.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_super/12/129659/4830285-121.jpg http://img.bato.to/comics/2013/06/19/b/read51c1d077c2156/img000047.png http://orig09.deviantart.net/7cf7/f/2016/097/1/7/guts_and_his_fucked_up_jaw_by_mr_pepsi_and_pizza-d9y4gp5.jpg Just a few examples.[ Guts](http://www3.0zz0.com/2013/01/14/06/563719847.jpg) *[struggles](http://www10.0zz0.com/2013/01/14/06/931860183.jpg)*. That's just what he does. It's literally right there in the text. He is incredibly strong, and he almost always succeeds in the end. But it's NEVER easy unless he's just mowing down weak opponents, and [even then he takes a hefty beating if there are a lot of them.](http://static3.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_medium/7/71975/2782262-guts_100_soldiers.png) He's not ungodly strong, he's still human. He has been defeated by gods and demons alike. You don't struggle in Dark Souls because your character is weak, you struggle because demons are crazy strong and hard to fight.
&gt;You know how every once in a while a 20 something year old man gets busted for playing in the little league world series? No????
Casca a shit though Luca best
I don't see what that has to do with it. If you're dropping packets hard then Ubi's servers won't even be able to recognize that you're firing shots, let alone register them as hits.
The tenses in this title are all kinds of confusing
R6 isn't hardcore lol. Harder core than CoD maybe but not hardcore. Think ARMA.
They need to do this with EVERY solid surface. It's honestly bizarre to me that they haven't, these glitches are just going to keep popping up if all they do is a simple bandaid fix every time
I'm with Fuze on this one
lol
Cool story
Hyper Light Drifter; FTL; That Dragon, Cancer; The Flame In The Flood; Elegy For A Dead World; SUPERHOT; Duelyst; Darkest Dungeon; Tabletop Simulator; Lisa; Huniepop; Shantae: Half-Genie Hero; Sunless Sea; Gods Will Be Watching; Risk of Rain; Divinity: Original Sin; Race The Sun; Elite: Dangerous; Pillars of Eternity; Chivalry; Grim Dawn; Thomas Was Alone; The Banner Saga; Wasteland 2; Octodad 2; Kentucky Route Zero and, as /u/Mystic8ball mentioned, Undertale and Shovel Knight. So yeah, plenty of great games. And that's not even mentioning all the ones that have yet to come out.
&gt;They didn't catch the Bob reference (which is ok, it was a while back) Unacceptable
Punished "Steven" Universe
That would be amazing
That sounds awesome! Are you doing it for a class?
&gt;Berserk is... dark... Yes. &gt;the darkest piece of fiction currently made. No.
Berserk is WAY better than he's making it out to be. That being said, watching it is not the way to go. Even the old anime, which is very well-received, doesn't come close to touching the quality of the manga. Go with the manga if at all possible.
All is well.
Birds tend to do that when the wind is blowing hard in one direction
Same. Reminds me a lot of Lilith
God damn. I don't even like Zelda games but that was amazing. I'm sure based on the quality of the music, art direction and the look of the new mechanics that this will be an excellent installment.
Hilarious epic meme xd
Onii should have 2 i's, you call yourself a weeb?! Shameful display
Oh dear, they made Datura? That... doesn't bode well. I bought it for a buck on a whim from the Playstation Store and it was not good. It was artistically and narratively all over the place, not particularly well-designed, and didn't look great either. I couldn't follow the plot (what little there was) and eventually just lost the will to continue. This looks MUCH better than Datura on the surface but I can't help but let it color my expectations a bit
God damn, I've watched this trailer at least 4 times by now and it's still just as amazing
Unpopular opinion, but I didn't think the sea god arc was nearly as bad as people were making it out to be. If I had to choose a low point I would probably say the very beginning. Don't get me wrong, I still think it's great, just not as interesting as the rest. Miura didn't really have a clear idea of where he wanted to take the story and it shows, most of it is really edgy grimdarkness with not much else happening. That said, it gets significantly better once the Count arc begins.
Gennondorf
That's such bullshit. I've seen this argument multiple times already, it just reeks of trying to justify blatant pandering. There are a thousand different, better ways they could have showed a willingness to maturely approach a darker subject matter. Hell, there were several ways they could've portrayed just that *scene* better. Musou games [do not](https://youtu.be/VTdwMwTAvn8?t=365) lend themselves well to any kind of serious themes or character moments. It's honestly ridiculous to me that people are trying to justify a trailer that is actually, literally, entirely comprised of gratuitous tentacle rape.
Rape is by definition a sexual act. It's a fundamental aspect of the mammalian psyche, and humans are no different. Many otherwise normal people are aroused by depictions of rape, fantasize about it, or roleplay it with consenting partners. I just think it's really silly to try and make an arbitrary distinction between "sex" and "sexuality". They're one and the same. That's kind of their definition. That being said, I agree with your main point. Not all depictions of rape (or sex as a whole) are meant to be sexually arousing. The eclipse was clearly not meant to be, but the trailer was.
My favorite verse.
Uncharted
PSA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPWYcjypSWo
It puts the lotion on the skin and puts it in the basket
epic meme
&gt;Well I'm not talking about EA at all. Well I'm not talking about Dice ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ The original topic was EA. &gt;And I pretty much never downvote anyone that responds to me. Good to know but I was addressing whoever actually is Admittedly Dice has a very rocky track record when it comes to games but generally they're at least decent. BF4's launch and SW:B are the outliers here but even so I'm fairly sure Dice has a number of different teams/offices and that probably contributes to the inconsistent quality. I've heard that Dice LA are actually quite good.
Looks like a combat peridot
I didn't buy SW:B, because I pay attention to reviews. Don't act like all they do is pump out shit games. Titanfall, PvZ:GW and Dragon Age: Inquisition were all well-received. If the worst example you could possibly come up with is SW:B then I would say my statement is accurate. There are plenty of companies who've made worse.
Actually I don't think I have any more than 1 ace with an operator, but I have had at least half a dozen aces. I kind of want to go for one with every operator. So far I've got Valkyrie, Sledge, Frost, Buck, Twitch, Thermite, Rook, and Recruit. (All of which can be seen on [my youtube channel here](https://www.youtube.com/user/pseudogenesis/videos?sort=dd&amp;view=0&amp;shelf_id=0), shameless plug) If I had to pick though it would probably be Twitch, I pull of clutches and 3-4Ks with her like it's nothing. Famas is sexy
Artists are programmers, news at 11
http://i.imgur.com/rNZMMtW.jpg
&gt;subtle
why
This is basically the lore of Dark Souls 1
Weird Al is the only source of meaning in this cruel, broken world
I might as well write a hello world program in Python and then hop on the forums and proclaim "Siege now has an anticheat!" for all the good this is gonna do. The title is "valid" in the sense that it's a technically true but deliberately misleading attempt to gain traction.
it's just a funny picture m8ey don't overthink it
http://i.imgur.com/cVPuLPU.png
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophic_burden_of_proof
Ok I can understand if maybe you brought a laptop, book or phone with you to get distracted by, but if you're literally sitting in a bathroom for 20+ minutes completely clueless as to what you're doing there then you've got issues my friend
Deuteronomy LOL
There are a lot of words like that. "Sick" is a current one, "bad" used to be the same way.
That was actually really good lol
ayy good job
So casinos might become less like throwing your money away and more like arcades? I could get behind that
When was the big revamp? I kept checking in but it seemed like they were making tons of changes and kind of trying to find its identity for a while, so I took a break. Is it a good time to get back into it? A big problem when I played the game was it was kind of boring. There weren't a lot of mechanics to differentiate the heroes, the cards didn't allow for much self-expression or tactics, etc. I suppose now that they've added ults and revamped the card system that might have changed.
&gt; Ubisoft makes other games too. Are those jingoistic? I mean, considering every Far Cry game has the typically white male player character travel to some exotic location and slaughter brown people by the droves, I'd say yeah some of them are
Nope, DMBrandon's gone. He "quit" following saying something extremely stupid (probably so he could leave on his own terms before he was fired). Good riddance. But I never had a bad experience with Hirez staff in the 3 or so years I played Smite regularly. I take issue with a few of the design decisions they made but I still think they're one of the best companies around in terms of community interaction and feedback. (Although admittedly, their tech support does kind of suck)
ADHD medication and other stimulants being used as performance enhancers in esports is a very widespread problem, so I'm not surprised. Drug tests are pretty easy to do, you just need a urine sample, so it's probably either a money or logistics issue which prevents most organizations from doing it.
Why do you have to leave? I'm kind of out of the loop regarding Tribes but this all seems so sudden. :( Whatever the reason, your work has been greatly appreciated. I wish you good luck and high speed in all your future endeavors.
Admittedly, I was too lazy to check my sources, but I knew that Far Cry 2 and 3 were made in that style. "Every" was a poor choice of word.
I mean, not that I'm condoning non-medical use of stimulants at ALL, but if you stick to therapeutic doses then ADHD meds really don't have much in terms of long term side effects. It's once you start getting into the higher, non-therapeutic doses that you start seeing things like addiction, neurotoxicity and stimulant psychosis. But we're talking snorting 100mg instant release levels of bad. Most good docs will only prescribe like 45mg of the IR stuff, so it actually ends up being pretty safe. There's a reason they let kids have this stuff.
Unfortunate. I really want it to succeed, but there's just some ingredient missing. That's probably my biggest complaint, that the heroes play so similarly. I didn't even like Overwatch that much, but it's got Paladins beaten by a mile in that regard. Heroes all feel very diverse.
It's already 100 degrees where I live, christ almighty just give me more episodes
Himouto Gattsu-Chan
Might as well be
Eh, there's controversy over everything. I wish I were medicated as a kid. Maybe I wouldn't have been such a fuckup in school.
I didn't say it was. I'm speaking for myself.
Well fuck no wonder I've been having relationship problems
Why don't you try checking every single door you go through, both sides, from top to bottom before moving through it and see how that turns out
*ults* **"Itadakimasu."**
Of course they can lol
At this point, any canon version of regenerated Centipeetle is probably going to disappoint me after seeing all these amazing fanart versions :(
You're welcome family
What's your job
Yeah I've already looked into a couple of online courses, I know Python and a bit of C#. Want to look into Lua too. Thanks for the link though
Don't forget the Starter Edition!
I'd hit that tbh
All 5334589 of them
Eh no, not really. Gender is a socially defined construct, there's nothing that makes it arbitrarily limited to two. There have been hundreds of cultures which have recognized more than 2 genders. [You can read more here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_gender) E: Maybe if you downvote me hard enough, [all](http://disinfo.com/2013/03/third-fourth-and-fifth-genders-in-cultures-around-the-world/) [these](http://knowmore.washingtonpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity.png) [other](https://www.quora.com/What-are-some-non-western-cultures-that-accept-and-embrace-gender-diversity-and-gender-variance-and-recognize-multiple-genders-as-existing) [genders](http://nonbinary.org/wiki/Gender-variant_identities_worldwide) will go away.
She's perfect
How the heck are you supposed to make money buying high and selling low
lol get fucked
I don't think you get it. Genders aren't sexes. We, human beings, create gender. It's a story we made up to explain ourselves. So if those people say that those genders exist, then those genders exist. End of story. Trying to say those genders don't exist is like trying to say that the only languages that exist are English and Spanish. You might get a couple of idiots to believe you, but that doesn't mean you're right. This information is all readily available. The distinction between biological sex and gender has been recognized since the 1950s. And no matter how much you stuff your fingers in your ears, downvote dissent and circlejerk yourselves raw, it will always be there.
Finally! I've been waiting for a new Netplay version for quite some time. Hopefully they update the music pack this time around too
Interesting. Does that happen automatically for every game, including things like Project M?
Wow, that's extremely impressive. Thanks for the info.
My flair is relevant
Not everyone can afford to just pack up and move on a whim
Just my luck that this is the most satisfying iteration of Kirby to date, in the best and most balanced Smash game to date, and he's *still* bottom tier :( The gods of smash are punishing me for my wickedness. I knew not what I kirbycided
&gt;There's nothing wrong with Maggie beyond preference Have fun dying to an early Lust with absolutely no way to avoid it
I want mid tier kirby, not destroy anything that movies just by looking at them kirby
haha joke's on you Microsoft you're gonna have to pry Win7 out of my cold, dead hands
HOW TO COMPUTOR GOOD
B-but you don't get it guise, it's showing that they truly understand Berserk!!1!
Dumbass needs to learn to brake from the back instead of the front
&gt;if you pull only the back brake you would just lock up the tire. Which causes you to brake without flipping over??? I don't see what you're saying here. Of course it would lock up the tire. And the downvote button's not a disagree button, mate.
That's exactly what I'm saying. In this scenario it was probably safer to just use the rear brake if he's going all-in on a single brake, but braking both at the same time would be best.
&lt;3
MU charts are based on win rates, which means that the quality of his punish game is largely irrelevant. Kirby has a pretty good punish game but if that doesn't translate into winrate then it's useless.
Aww Valkyrie is so adorable
No, not in defense of the team. I don't know anything about them. They sounded like shitters. The overall direction of this sub is good. Whatever has lead to that (presumably /u/gocoog's guidance) is obviously a good thing. And if that means removing some shitters, then so be it. Anything to preserve an idyllic wildlife reserve for quality memery
I had originally written "/u/gocoogs's esteemed guidance" but I figured that was a bit too subtle
Holy guacamole
wtf happened
It's been so woof these days But seriously, [overheated Pearl wearing casual clothes](http://67.media.tumblr.com/6ca8c654e35930e3940e39e23aaed32d/tumblr_o8g0rq9b7o1sd1xkuo1_500.png) is my fetish.
Being as adorable as humanly possible and/or crouch spamming
