Alexandra Daddario is a fox.
Gal, not doll.
The body of the birthday kid's missing sister.
I would totally do that, but I'd end up looking like a cancer patient.
Little Blue Chips League?
I feel bad for you guys, shelling out all that cash in the offseason.
&gt;Leave it to americans Why don't you start posting about the amazing Swedish Air Force in that subreddit so you can change their minds and make it more international?
Nice neck tattoo, asshole.
Should have made her drive a cab until she got twice the amount of money as the fare she jumped, and then have it given to the cab driver.
I declare... Bankruptcy!!
&gt;RAUL JULIA – STREET FIGHTER (1994) yeesh.
He's so famous, he's IN the famous!
With over a billion people, it's not like having gay people is going to hurt anything...
Encyclopedias.
Minneapolis checking in. The combination of good pay, affordable housing, and top notch public education is pretty damn awesome.
This is why I like shopping at the more upscale grocery stores once in a while. Almost all of their stock is fresh and new.
No one has tried sticking my penis in a bucket of popcorn.
Rob, best friend of Barry Potter. He has a sister named Jenny, twin brothers named Gerald and Frank.
It'll get logged one day. I guarantee it.
And the top rated park system in the US!
Peanut butter, jelly, thyme. And a baseball bat.
Oh deer.
&gt;I'm american and a baseball fan and this still makes no sense to me There's no way you're a baseball fan and can't figure it out. The score is 5 - 4 in the bottom of the fifth inning. There's one out and no one is on base.
Rowdy Roddy Piper vs Keith David, "They Live." Chingachgook vs Magua, "The Last of the Mohicans." Brennan Conlon vs Koba, "Warrior." Zhang Ziyi vs Michelle Yeoh, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." Jet Li vs Donnie Yen, "Hero."
Folding origami.
They also eat almost anything if it's cooked in enough oil.
Vargidan. Unigas.
Kyatchi in Minneapolis.
I agree.
I think about when I should stop the microwave. Why wait when you can pull the handle with 2 second left?
To my backyard to drink a beer and smoke a cigarette.
How high do they get in boardroom meetings?
Supposably. Even if you pronounce it incorrectly, it's still a moo point.
Cap'n Crunch Wrap Supreme.
It depends on the sound, not the letter.
It's not Korean.
The worst is Breyer's. They cut it with so much shit that it no longer contains enough milk or cream to be considered ice cream. The packages now say "frozen dessert."
Take sardines in tomato sauce, and fry it in a pan with some olive oil. Take a baguette and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the sardines between the bread, then add julienned cucumbers, thin tomato slices, and cilantro. Quite honestly one of the best sandwiches.
Well made stuffing should be baked until the top layer is crispy.
Mexican coke.
I'll try to take a photo next time I'm there. I could be mistaken.
I'm Vietnamese and this is how my mom always did it when we were kids. I agree that the whole baguette should be baked in the oven until just crisp. Frying the sardines helps to caramelize them and the tomatoes. It deepens the flavor without making the sardines too soft.
What about Colombian coke?
Probably not worth much, but the guy probably thinks about it every day. It eats at him. Everything he does has a tinge of guilt.
I loved having Shadowmere. Greatest dragon distraction.
How to use time outs properly. You tell them they're in a time out, usually a minute for every year of age. After the time is done, tell them time out is over and then leave the room. Do not talk to them about it and give them attention. Make them be the one to come back out and rejoin the family. The anxiety and other feelings act as the future deterrent. I learned this from a psychiatrist who has worked for decades with children who have severe behavioral issues. It makes a hell of a lot of sense, and it has worked wonders with my kid who does not have severe issues.
Serious comment. Wear some swimming goggles. Problem solved.
Sean Bean is in it. I wonder when he dies.
My family emigrated here when I was 5 years old. I didn't know a single word of English. In one summer of watching Sesame street, I learned enough to start kindergarten.
Your mom looks like Chutney from Legally Blonde.
Just tell them that the shift starts at 9:45am.
Did it happen on Sunday? It's the day you kick off your shoes, and his foot is indeed loose.
Was the seller named Nigel West Dickens?
~~Cutter~~ Gutter is a tool! EDIT: Gutter. Thanks be to /u/Waggy777
&gt;Mr. Buttstuff Who do you think you are?
I've gone my whole life thinking it was Cutter. In my defense, I haven't seen PCU since the mid 90s when it was out on Pay Per View and we had a descrambler box :)
I was playing RDR the other day, and had just gotten past the part where Irish lies about the location of the gatling and you end up slaughtering a bunch of guys. I whistled for my horse and instead of taking the road down to me, it launched itself off the cliff above and landed on me and killed me.
I would position myself toward the ends where the fan would stop for just a fraction longer. So good.
It'd be great if more companies granted the same maternity/paternity benefits to those who are adopting. My company allows 10 days of leave for adoption. TEN. And if you and your spouse both work there, it gets split between the two of you.
In a lot of municipalities, driving with a suspended license is in the same crime category as a DUI. No joke.
Luke, I am your fatha!
And...?
It's the humidity that I can't handle. I actually just bought a huge Lasko 20" Cyclone fan. The thing is a beast and I'm probably not going to need to turn on my AC until it hits about 90 degrees indoors.
I'm in Minnesota. We were immigrants and didn't have a whole lot of money. When we finally got an A/C window unit, our whole family slept together on the floor in front of it.
I'm like that in a car. Need to have the fan blowing.
I am here with you.
That's the one. The thing moves a lot of air. Love it so far.
Mmm. Powdered farts.
Except in the summers when temperatures peak in the high 90s or occasionally 100, and the humidity is high.
I'm guessing you're not Korean.
Star Whores. Space Balls. Warmholes. Deep Space Nut.
You forgot to mention that the cop who shoot Rice was deemed emotionally unstable and unfit to be a police officer by his previous employer. Or that the 911 caller told the dispatcher that the fun was probably fake. Or that the officers did not administer any first aid, that an FBI agent had to do it after Rice had been left bleeding to death for for minutes. You know, objective facts.
The last point was a Simpsons reference.
It's not that they're inherently more aggressive than other breeds. It's because their bite is so goddamned strong.
Harry Pooter.
I matched mself. Not my wife, or any of my best friends. Myself. You bet I posted it.
I have literally never liked one of my own posts. And I comment on my own posts in response to other people. You know, like a conversation. Douche-tastic.
That stop sign font tho.
Len - You Can't Stop The Bum Rush
Martin Blank
Walter White, as played by William H Macy.
Kidtrapped.
My mother and I escaped Vietnam by rickety boat in the middle of the night. We arrived at a refugee camp where we stayed for closer to a year while we waited for our paperwork to clear. My mom worked at the camp, and we scraped by with what we could. Long story short, fuck these guys.
Artax really could have used your help, lady.
My wife and I are in the process of becoming foster parents and hopefully adopting a child from the foster system. I can read all of the stories in the world, but seeing this video really hits me hard.
ISIS would try to rape it.
Probably because they'd need to overhaul all of the schools' systems.
I'd love to go to one of these and be the sole person standing up in the front row.
You can put a ceramic plate in by itself and the plate will get warm.
Look for your crush's number in a phone book. Dial each one with the same last name until you get the right one. Ask the man on the other end to talk to his daughter. Crush gets on the phone, and awkward cringe filled small talk for about 30 seconds. Hope she doesn't tell anyone else. Paranoid at school for the next few months. Randomly relive the horror for the rest of your life.
That link seems to say only 6 states follow the doctrine.
[Pretty sure it was this guy, at it again.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am-Qdx6vky0)
Frosty, you know what I'm sayin? Spoon. We fucked dwarves in the ass.
They're selling them at J Crew I think.
It depends on who you surround yourself with after high school.
[Here is Duran getting destroyed by Tommy Hearns](http://youtu.be/DaESioM03g4)
Needs a side car so someone can ride shogun.
The guy who didn't poop for a month.
Glad you got online to Post-It.
Did you paste the picture into a PowerPoint and then use the Snipping Tool?
Don't forget about Point Break.
It looks fun.
I put the URL into the search box, and nothing came up. I didn't feel like sifting through all the submissions to see if this was already submitted.
Do this in America and they would have shot him as he got onto the motorcycle.
Combined, they are wrekt?
&gt;At the time he was hit, who was he a threat to? No law enforcement group is going to let someone who has a live grenade just galavant through their city.
And then what? Dude still has a grenade. You'd have to shoot him at that point anyway.
The worst drivers I've seen are white and black.
All the principal actors from LA Confidential: - Russell Crow as Bud White - Guy Pearce as Edmund Exley - Kevin Spacey as Jack Vincennes - Kim Basinger as Lynn Bracken
He currently lives in Maple Grove, a 2nd ring suburb of Minneapolis.
Maybe the baking pan went through some kind of thermal shock and warped, sending the brownies flying?
Also, the alcoholism.
You get away with way more free speech here than you do in real life.
Harry Potter and the Contra Instruction Manual.
"Chad, how did you concentrate all of your exercises on just the abs?!"
My ovaries just exploded. I'm a guy.
Big whiffa! BIIIG whiffa!
It's always somewhat painful when you're head over heels...over head over heels for someone.
I love the fact that companies just said fuck it and just used the tetra paks but put a hole on the top with a cap.
&gt;Had a guy throw his cigarettes at me because they were the wrong ones. I laid the box on the counter, he picked them up, and threw them at me, hitting me in the chest and said "I SAID GOLD, MORON." I want to get a part time job in retail again, just to put someone in their place. I used to work in a high end kitchen store (think Williams-Sonoma but even snootier clientele). We never had to take shit from customers because the owner would often work the floor with us and would kick shitty customers out and even ban them. My favorite thing was when customers would throw their credit cards or money on the counter instead of handing it to me. After the transaction I would give them their card or change back in the same manner.
Did you have short term disability coverage?
Perhaps space travel had advanced considerably once Cooper was rescued.
Quaaaaid.
Put a screwdriver between the zip tie and the object and wedge it. Thing should pop like nothing's there.
This is why I'm all for first run movies being available to stream for $20 at home.
Reading all these comments, I have to wonder why so many of you go to the movies for a first date? Or even the second date?
Who cares? You provide about 5 to 10 comments a day.
Guy on the left looks like Daniel Craig with a drinking problem.
"Thanks mortal dude, I was thirsty as fuck! Here, let me heal that cancer for you dude!"
"We got everyone off of Earth in giant space station ship vehicles by solving gravity. But there's no way we could travel to another galaxy!"
You could maybe have a week of exclusive theater run. Or provide something extra like BTS that you can only see in the theaters.
Eat breakfast. Running out the door with a coffee is not breakfast.
All I can picture is Joey saying, "it's not a cat."
Putting the rapist in therapist.
Clout. She has it.
Thumbnail looks like Zoidberg.
Why not Sandberg?
He probably got a call from the Church of Scientology.
Yespassing.
God. Fucking. Damnit. Maggi seasoning sauce is the greatest thing ever.
And this is why I hire people to do big jobs.
Fennel seeds.
Fennel and bacon is a heavenly combination.
It's always disconcerting to me that I can do everything right in life, and in a split second a Corvette might fly through the air, hit my car, and kill my family. Just like that.
Beef jerky. I'll eat an entire Costco bag of it in one sitting.
Well in this case he appeared on their radar in 2006, but they stopped monitoring him 2 years later.
[Patrick Bruel - J'te 'L'Dis Quand Meme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbzFKq1vrFY) Just his realization of how big his music has become. It's the look of someone whose dreams have come true.
&gt;The cons lived on the prison’s honor block, which permitted TVs, refrigerators and hotplates in cells, along with other perks not enjoyed by the general population. The special privileges likely played a part in their escape. (Since the breakout, officials shut down Clinton Correctional’s honor block, theAlbany Times Union reported.) If these two were so bad, why were they allowed these special privileges?
I've never stolen chips or fries from anyone. Ever. What this guy did was unprofessional.
Strawberry wine.
Andy Dufresne and Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding. You're goddamn right.
Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls
"Yoooo, you're a grown ass man!" That's right motherfucker. Don't ever forget that.
Put the timer at 1 second. Activate it when you want to go. Your child won't know the difference.
My kid can't tell the difference between 10 minutes and 7 minutes.
Exactly. I think people are misreading my comment as giving them only 1 second.
Do they all seriously think you would tip $10 for a coffee drink? Or any drink for that matter?
Do you like our owl?
Hey Mr. Scott, whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Make our dreams come true!
A bird in the hand is a bird that you're not coming and eating. Enjoy famine!
Dog Days Are Over
Imagine spending 50 cents every time you need to pee or poop. Shit adds up.
Radroach? VATS.
Date me Anne, I'm single.
Who's champ?
[Example](http://m.kcci.com/news/new-charges-filed-against-mother-in-fake-cancer-case/27772746) [Example](http://m.huffpost.com/us/news/fake-cancer/) [Example](http://fox2now.com/2014/06/04/woman-accused-of-fake-cancer-scam-raised-30000-lied-to-children/) [Example](www.fox10phoenix.com/story/22184511/arizona-woman-gets-prison-term-in-fake-cancer-case) [Example](http://abc7.com/news/ie-woman-accused-of-faking-cancer-for-money/380662/) [Example](https://www.co.sauk.wi.us/sheriffsofficepage/woman-charged-faking-cancer) [Example](http://blog.sfgate.com/sfmoms/2015/05/19/california-woman-admits-faking-cancer-for-attention/) I literally found no people of color on the first 5 pages of Google results, and only 2 men. This isn't even counting the scam charities.
Is the movie about a beach volleyball tournament? Is it just "Side Out" with fighter pilots?
Jon Lovitz was losing his mind laughing so hard.
White knight gets some action too.
No. Not again.
"Coach, I'm paralyzed due to my sports accident." "We have a shot that can cure that." "Of cortisone?" "...Yes. Cortisone. Of course."
We don't have any context in this video, but hitting a woman is not the same as beating a woman, which implies abuse. It's all about proportion.
Is quick, like bang-bang play in sport.
Unless you break your glasses.
Oregano, parsley, herbs de Provence.
Mmm.
Two scenes stand out for me: - Will Ferrell shooting himself in the neck with a dart gun in Old School. - James Franco and Danny McBride fighting about the porno mag in This Is The End.
By telling people they want to hang out with them, but never do.
Having a kid. I look back at the days before, and wonder what I was so busy doing.
They do, however, have the largest breasts in the world.
When I have some friends online with me, Drop Zone is the best mode.
I'm a 35 year old Vietnamese immigrant who came here at the age of 5. One of my earliest memories is playing in the Minnesota snow. I was outside in the middle of winter, running around without a jacket. For some inexplicable reason, I've stayed here ever since.
I found it to be my favorite Marvel movie.
Dad was stoned. Edit: Obligatory thanks for the gold! My highest comment consisted of 3 words. Who would have thought?
Ghost ride the whip.
A bag of beef jerky, a can of orange Pellegrino, 3 strippers.
Coffee for breakfast. Water with lunch. Beer or wine with dinner.
Do you think all felons have taken someone's life?
I thought some states have a maximum cap for yearly increases.
A crossbow? A fucking crossbow?!
They have ways of making it pretty much pain free. A bad tooth infection makes you want to kill yourself.
Personal shield.
It depends on the kid and the parents. We took our 4 year old on a plane ride from Minneapolis to DC a couple of months ago. We downloaded 4 movies onto the iPad, got some Bluetooth headphones, and she was occupied for the entire flight there and back.
When to walk away. Not every fight is yours to handle.
And know when to hold em, and when to fold em.
My first exposure to his music was in Good Will Hunting. No Name #3.
Soggy crust.
Because it's Patterson.
So we're going to get the downtime credited right? Right?
Sideways.
I don't either.* *** actually I do.
Do you feel like eating 2,000 of something?
Outliving my daughter.
Lol it's actually not.
Not Wallace. Look for intermediate passes to Stefon Diggs and Kyle Rudolph, and short routes to let our receivers work in space.
Head coach Brett Favre.
Randy Moss.
Uncle Franky's hot dogs?
Karatee. I'm not making that up.
Relatively inexpensive, but I'd recommend a cast iron griddle. They're usually reversible with grates on one side and flat on the other. It goes right over your burners. I cook 75% of my food on it.
Do your parents know you're gay?
I need the Big Poppa pillow.
Worst superhero name.
&gt;Homing Shot, T-21B and Han's Lucky Shot are all good counters to this, along with Scan Pulse for finding his hiding spots I'd do pulse canon before a homing shot.
Coding. I'm not a dumb person, but I can't seem to do any coding. Any ideas?
I'm going to actively downvote nsfw text posts.
Imagine how Blockbuster would have fucked this up.
When a deal is too good, there's usually a reason.
"Wake up people" or "open your eyes." OK, Morpheus. Why don't you fuck off?
There were tickets available earlier this week for $60. I was interested until I read the forecast. FUCK THAT SHIT. I'm going to be watching at home, eating chili and drinking beer.
Dimitrius Underwood, picked in the first round by the Vikings. He signed a $5.3M contract, walked out of training camp after one practice, and never returned to the Vikings. The guy would eventually end up trying to kill himself twice, was diagnosed with bipolar, and had visions of the apocalypse. The Vikings ignored Michigan State coaches who told NFL scouts that the guy was mentally unfit for the NFL.
The child will have a lower birth weight. She's just trying to get it t a good BMI.
Don't do what Donnie Don't does!
Chvrches
The Firm
That Pop Secret is a play on Top Secret.
Or just show up to the initial getting and ask to talk to the prosecutor when it's your turn. If you have a clean driving record at least for the past year, with no major convictions, they will likely allow you to be on probation for a year. You just have to pay the fine and it stays off your record. But if you get busted again within a year, they'll get you for both.
Waking up with a kink in your neck.
Could be worse. Could have been Christian Ponder.
Depends on the city. Here in Minneapolis we have several hospitals throughout the city, and many more clinics and urgent care centers. I'd be surprised if I ever have to wait more than 15 minutes to get treatment in an actual emergency.
Depends on the city. Here in Minneapolis we have several hospitals throughout the city, and many more clinics and urgent care centers. I'd be surprised if I ever have to wait more than 15 minutes to get treatment in an actual emergency.
How different is your job compared to what you thought your job would be when you were campaigning in 2008?
How did you fuck up?
1. Find a house. 2. Procure food. 3. Drugs. Find all the drugs. 4. Start a nice fire when the sun starts to set. 5. Eat some food, do some drugs. 6. Fall asleep. 7. Repeat until I die.
Cocksicle.
All fuck ups fuck up, but not every fuck up is by a fuck up.
I probably wouldn't do any psychadelics until I was more settled into the situation.
Yes, but I plan on moving from house to house, maybe eventually find a house boat.
I severely stuttered when I was a kid. It all changed in fourth grade when I joined choir. The combination of holding certain sounds, and having to be aware of what you are going to say next worked wonders.
Asian?
That Steve Buscemi was a firefighter.
It could be a continuation of RDR since RDR was not a direct sequel to revolver.
This is my most anticipated game of the year.
I think we need to take them seriously. The intel coming out of N Korea is that it's a new form of the H-Bomb. The delivery system envelopes the entire United States in a room. It then fires up thousands of fans, and then the windows are all closed. We will all die when we sleep.
Dodo bird droppings.
BRB, going to adopt a golden puppy.
I'm going to beat a drug dealer to death with Just Dance 2016 and a PS4 Camera.
I didn't have sex until I was 22. At that point I didn't give a shit about buying condoms, I gave a shit about sex.
Just spread it on a crostini and serve it to your guests.
He was also in the first few ufc tournaments. He got his balls mashed on before they outlawed it.
It's a tie between getting 100% on Mario World, or getting over 100% on Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
He looks like Eric Bana.
How they treat service workers.
Before Sunset.
She got the digits.
I work for a health insurance company. I hope if single payer goes through, I would be provided some kind of job training so I can get another job.
He did Nazi it coming.
The DA who dropped the case was none other than Harry Connick, Sr.
Man that brings back memories of Madden 2002.
SoFloAntonio.
&gt;“The game of chess is a waste of time and an opportunity to squander money. It causes enmity and hatred between people,” You know what else causes enmity and hatred? Beheadings, lashings, and treating women like garbage.
I got straight As through 6th grade. Junior high rolls around and I had some problems adjusting and fitting in. As a result I ended up getting a couple of Cs and a D. My whole life, my father never displayed any one of my straight A report cards. That changed when my grades dropped. There it was, posted on the fridge for everyone to see, including guests. I learned that day to hide things from my parents.
Next time just search your mom's name rather than her college nickname.
"You get what you pay for." Well yeah. Otherwise it would be theft.
She loves black hawks.
Hugh Jass.
Justin Bailey
Honestly that girl is probably a lot of fun.
The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr. A sci-fi western.
Mirror in the sky, what is love?
Bud Light is good beer, for those who like Bud Light. It's consistent.
The Little Mermaid. Ariel can write in English. But for some reason she refuses to do so.
There has to be more to this story, right. It can't just be an argument over 25 goddamn dollars.
Drowning underwater.
So the zombie outbreak starts in Brazil.
You don't pay anything more for prime now if you already have prime.
Have you seen the new Focus RS?
The Harlem Shake.
It starts this year.
The song itself is good. And the Harlem Shake videos with half naked girls was awesome.
I'm pretty sure you could be charged with assault with bodily fluids.
Human tree. Tree, tree, tree!
I had the cream of some young guy.
Inb4 comments about Hannibal eating fava beans meant he stopped taking his meds.
Chicago: come for the hot dogs, stay because fuck you.
I thought the water itself was OK, but the slight uptick in acidity caused leeching from old pipes.
The fuck is the dude in the lower right doing?
I dunno, the duck seemed to struggle for a bit there.
No but it's more effort to clean it.
The new raider camp map. So much short and long range pewpew action.
Just wear a condom and a butt plug. Good to go!
Heroin overdose. Just fall asleep. Forever.
I've had fentanyl before I had an endoscopy. Holy shit it's strong.
"It's pronounced Shars. SHARS!!!"
When you figure out that the formula to every song you like is verse, verse, chorus, verse, chorus.
Munchma Quchi
Goldens live forever in our memories and hearts. They truly are the best dogs you can get.
Dog Day Afternoon
And then he went to do a lot of drugs and bang a lot of hookers.
It is if you are white and have money. My wife and I are both Asian, and we wanted to adopt an Asian infant. We waited for 2 years without so much as a peep from the agency. In the meantime, a white couple we're friends with was able to adopt 2 Asian infants in the same timeframe. They had the money to pay for a top dollar agency and lawyer.
Hiro Protagonist
Richard Linklater's "Before" trilogy.
Overt friendliness.
I think for the last two of the trilogy, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy helped write it.
I think the differentiator is how the friendliness is manifested. Here in the Midwest we are outwardly friendly but when you get to a certain level we will shut you out until we know you.
I love when my puppy does this. She's going to die before me, so I want her to be happy.
My friend's name is Mohammad. He's been randomly selected almost every time he flies.
Catsup
Best getaway driver ever.
According to Reddit, tripping a running child is OK.
For anyone shitting on Jim Joyce, just stop. The guy apologized profusely about it, and had a tearful interview. He was broken up about messing up a once in a lifetime achievement for Galarraga. If you want to shit on an ump, go shit on Jerry Meals.
He's not an asshole. He's an ump who made a mistake, albeit a big one. He came out and tearfully apologized and owned up to his mistake. He and Galarraga shook hands the next time they saw each other.
I think my brain had repressed Joe West.
He's regarded very highly by players. One of the most consistent umps in the game for any era of baseball.
I'm not talkin bout the linen.
In blood.
That's a great plan, but what about him?
Ballast Point - Sculpin Bell's Two Hearted Ale Hamm's
The guy who didn't poop for a month.
Doxen.
Jesus Christ that's on point.
Balut.
Quitception.
Your math. It is strange.
Being late for things. My wife is constantly late for everything. It makes me so upset when she decides to change her outfit right before we leave.
Destiny. I started as a Year 2 player so I didn't go through some of the first year woes.
People have the ability to decry multiple things at once.
You only get one chance, do not miss your chance to grab onto the goddamn ledge.
Honor killings. Only half of that phrase is ever true.
You had me at in.
Fuck fuck fuck a duck, screw a kangaroo. Finger bang an orangutan, an orgy at the zoo. (To the tune of Row Row Row Your Boat) EDIT: an
To make sure he never gets out. The appeals process will be abhorrently long to get 22 convictions thrown out.
Money and power. If you have them, you can do almost anything short of murder and get away with it (at least while you're alive).
Because it's where you buy your drugs.
Hand cannons are money in rumble.
Those people are not anywhere near the norm. You don't punish everyone on assistance because a small minority abuses it.
It's incredibly difficult to separate children from their parents, even in cases involving abuse. You also run the risk of these same kids going to foster parents who foster kids as a way to make money.
That's really got to suck for the guy who got killed.
I am going to work until I die. The end.
Never ever say anything to the officer except your name.
When he was interviewed at the end of his journey, he replied, "I'm pretty tired. I think I'll go home now."
I'm into grooming products. Shampoo: Philip B Avocado Peppermint shampoo a couple of times a week to cleanse and remove buildup from your daily shampoo. Conditioner: Lanza Healing Oil Conditioner. Body wash: Molton Brown Black Pepper. Hair styling: this is a tie between Shu Uemura Kengo Feather or Bumble &amp; Bumble Sumo Tech. Facial cleanser/moisturizer: Kiehls Ultra Facial Cleanser and Facial Moisturizer (different products). Lotion: Kiehls Creme de Corps. I'm a guy.
Innocent until proven guilty, regardless if you were being a douchebag.
Bad JuJu it is.
"Because you wanted to check out my sweet ride?"
What a fuck show.
His super is him yelling until your ears bleed. SYLOK!!!!
Red. Dead. Redemption.
They are. Source: owner of a child.
That's like me when I'm stoned.
This is the sequel to "Jack Reacher: Going Black."
Looks like an exciting place to explore with your Fellowsh...I mean fireteam.
More doors.
Your weapon is now infected. Max reload speed, significant penalty to range.
I got mine when I was starting out in December of last year. I almost dismantled it, but i liked the way it felt so I kept it. There's no aim assist on mine, but the range is maxed out. It's so key for PvE.
Once you preorder and get black, you'll never go back.
I wonder what the banks think of this. Law enforcement is essentially taking money out of their coffers.
Risk vs reward.
That guy's an insufferable troll. It'd be one thing if he was any good.
Would it really have been anyone else?
San Pellegrino Orange.
If you know someone who is getting married or about to have a baby, ask them if you can put a PS4 on their registry at Target. After the date of the event has passed, everything on the registry gets discounted 15% I think. That can be stacked with Red Card, Cartwheel, and pharmacy rewards.
Hell, once we know when the upgraded systems will be out, I'll sell my current PS4 to someone on here looking to upgrade from last gen.
I said CONSUMMATE V's!
Then I guess Starbucks is damned if they do and damned if they don't.
Verisimilitude.
I don't hate it per se, but I find risotto to be overrated. It feels like mushy rice.
Oh man. BTB with Pikes and turrets. Maybe a team objective where you can unleash an enemy Champion on the other team.
Dog will inevitably become dad's best friend. Dad will be the most devastated when it comes time for dog to pass.
It's German for 'The Sexing."
Wasn't the water also acidic?
Where can I buy one of these?
Hey dad, can I borrow your jean jacket?
I took the liberty of milking your cow.
No parent would do this to their own child. This is a monster.
It's a tie between Quantum Leap and The Adventures of Brisco County Jr.
My earliest exposure to this piece was in a Lexus commercial from the 80s or 90s. It had Jonathan Pryce. [Upon research, it was Infiniti.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8scS-sacPnQ)
I could be wrong, but I think that's illegal.
We didn't forget, it's just that other news happens.
Is your girlfriend still friends with them?
Taste test.
Every patron should get a wrist band that goes off if they dine and dash. Paying the bill deactivates it. LOL at dystopia!
I got things to do, chocolate to eat!
Also a great way to Keep Ass.
What could go wrong?
Better than whack off club. Or is it?
Two eggs over medium, sourdough toast, bacon, and a black coffee. The eggs let me know if they can handle a griddle.
Play. A lot. A couple weeks ago I earned 190 or so.
Installs ME.
Batbo.
You're thinking of Tai Bo with Billy Blanks.
Now is not the time to question the good will of a helper.
Perhaps they have certain suspects under surveillance. An announcement like this might create movement with the suspects and allow police to catch them.
Maybe at some point, but not right now.
For real man.
"Dad was stoned."
It's also the name of a 90's movie starring Dustin Hoffman and Gena Davis.
They filmed the whole thing in color and then digitally turned it black and white.
This guy loves the cock. I guarantee it.
Akira, Ghost in the Shell, Ninja Scroll, Dagger of Kamui, Bubblegum Crash/Crisis. Those were my jams as a kid.
Distributed by Butte Wholesales.
I've had mine for a while now. I got it on the first time I ever ran the Omnigul strike. It dropped with Ranged Lens/TrueSight, Counterbalance, Smallbore, and Feeding Frenzy.
He fixed your blinds, you ingrate.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows, and Notting Hill.
Charge them for what? They lost their two year old son to an alligator. The dad fought as hard as he could to save his child.
The Shocker
The master of unlocking.
Hannibal and Will Graham.
Directed by Michael Bay. I'm not kidding.
45 minutes away...by helicopter.
I look forward to everyone trying to buy oceanfront property here in Minnesota.
Derek Trucks.
I look forward to this week's most popular post, "I am Hambone Samuel, AMA."
What is your favorite movie starring John Travolta and Nicolas Cage?
I cooked eggs this morning without burning them.
Of all the third subclass quests, I enjoyed the Hammer Bros one the most. I think it was the visit to Mars that did it, since I'll never be visiting the Lighthouse ever.
Kyrie Eleison down this road that I must travel.
I haven't farmed for one, but still using the one I got months ago. TrueSight IS, Counterbalance, Smallbore, Feeding Frenzy. I know it's not considered a God roll, but it wrecks in PvP.
Does reconstructive surgery fall under that umbrella?
Goddamn great steak recipe: Ingredients - Steak with good fat content. For everyday steaks, I'm a HUGE fan of chuck steak. When cooked right, it rivals the expensive shit. - Salt and pepper. - 1/2 Cup softended butter. - 2 cloves of minced garlic - 1 Tbs fresh oregano chopped finely - 1 Tbs fresh chives chopped finely Steps: - Pat your steaks dry. Season them with a bit of salt and pepper. Let them sit 30 minutes to reach room temperature. In the meantime, get your grill ready for searing. - In a medium mixing bowl, combine the butter, garlic, and herbs. Use a fork and really make sure it gets combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and finish combining. - Once your grill is ready and the steaks are room temp, lightly brush either the grates or your steak with olive oil. - Place your steak on the grill and close the lid. Open it after 4 minutes and flip. Leave it on for another 3 minutes and then check the temp. When it's within 5 degrees of your desired doneness, take it off and let it rest. Some people tent it, but I like a crispier crust. - Place a dallop of the compound butter on top of the steak and watch in awe as it melts into every crevice. - Eat the shit out of that steak.
CHUT UP!!!
Some people stop drinking when they feel good. Beyond that is when you start to hate life. But power through and you'll find the mystical land of drunk stories.
But first, Twilight Garrison.
Her American Idol performances were great though.
When you sell your baby for $4B, your ideas on how it's raised will fall on deaf ears.
I got the vendor roll for the Hatchet, the red dot sight has aim assist.
Biker Mice From Mars Denver The Last Dinosaur Out Of This World Small Wonder David The Gnome Noozles
High adventure that's beyond compare.
I do Five Four clothing. They are surprisingly on point with their selections.
I just realized how sad I'm going to be when Ed O'Neill passes.
Haha, Matlock.
Oh baby I hear your bruises coming, tossed salad and scrambled brains.
Where's Gordon Ramsay?
Contact - Carl Sagan
All night, jump jump off the dick.
They work in the HR of said delicate snowflake company.
I didn't know you could be arrested for being awesome.
Prison rape, always hilarious.
Picked jalapeños for me. Fresh is OK and will make my ass burn the next day, but pickled ones will arm my torpedoes.
FROG BASEBALL!!!!!
That damned Perrier commercial with the hot air balloons.
Destiny 2: The Wild Wild West
"Out of tune." He then asks if you'd stand up and walk out on him.
The source you were playing was not coded for Dolby.
Halal back, girl.
His performance with Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi at the White House was amazing.
They're really shiny if you buff them though.
He'd love if you PP'd him. PP him real good.
Can I pay them in 20 installments of $9.50? :(
M I Double S I, Double S I, PPI.
It looks like he's preaching in a kids book. I'm expecting Pooh Bear to come around soon.
Was expecting Nic Cage.
No! I...
[I'd love to hear this on this wall.](https://youtu.be/rANSQPQo2S8)
If you liked it then you should have put your finger in it.
Weren't they doing that because the team was having a selfie contest?
Oh God, can you imagine the smell?
The bicycle.
"Splet," however, is not.
Rewatch the scene where Lightning gets crushed by the boulder. The lightning that comes back up at the end spells something in Chinese.
Most people just become larger versions when they grow up.
She married the Prince of Monaco and became a princess.
These are the Pirates of Dark Water!
If your idea of aging well means looking like you're 20 for the rest of your life, you're gonna have a bad time.
Kuub.
I liked Wild Wild West. And Salma Hayek's butt.
The bathtub accidental drowning one?
I like mine medium, just a touch of Pinkman.
Ketchup and Gustard.
8x8 is HNNGGGG
Try the Combo. It comes with a shot. :(
Milk. Get the fuck out with skim and low fat.
Barb Dillahn.
Barbara Hershey.
I've noticed that a lot of the restaurants here in Minneapolis have activity boxes for kids. They come with coloring sheets, crayons, and toys.
Oh man, your comment reminded me of what else my old man had in store for me the summer after 7th grade. Because I got those bad grades, I was grounded for the entire summer. No TV, video games, friends, or even going outside.
Yes, an entire summer.
Every time I see this I have to watch until she sucks it up. Why.
The 3/5 joke is a fickle one. Your timing has to be spot on.
He'd still magically disappear upon returning to the US.
I said to use your peripherals.
I'm a big fan of the Dennis Quaid one. "Great acting Dennis Quaid, you old irrelevant pig."
You'd have to have the shittiest of insurance for them not to cover you for accidental harm. If you ran over your foot while mowing the lawn, they'd cover you. If you leaned over and accidentally fell over a railing they'd cover you.
No MSG, but I bet they have salt.
If you cite religion to deny someone a license because they're gay, you have to do it if they are divorced, if they touch a dead pig's skin, have tattoos, etc.
The person on the receiving end of the good deed couldn't care less. This sub likes to shit on religious people if they don't do good deeds, and now it looks like some of you like to shit on religious people for doing good deeds because of the underlying reason.
Christ almighty, calm down. I'm sorry MSG gives you migraines, but for most people their bodies process MSG and regular sodium in the same way. There's no research indicating any difference. However, individuals could potentially react to MSG differently I suppose.
On the show where you talked about the caviar from Spain, you mentioned that the "perfect last supper" would be the salad with potatos, lobster tail, and caviar that you made. I'm going with that answer.
I think he means the outside temp, not room temp through the whole filet. At least that's what I go for.
Try it with a compound butter with roasted garlic, fresh oregano, salt, and pepper.
Just in time for Iron Banner.
The lawsuit will be filed in Japan.
He'd never made promises like this.
Would slapping an IR pass filter onto your phone work?
MATTINGLY, SHAVE THOSE SIDEBURNS!!
I still can't forgive him for robbing Lou Collins' home run in game 163 of the 1994 season. It knocked the Twins out of the playoffs during Billy Heywood's season as the Twins' manager.
Kate Middleton and Pippa Middleton.
It's got some deadly aim assist. And the scope is the best in the game.
The rate of fire is just crazy.
Scientists have named it "Wesley Snipesium."
