Xur has sold TLW at least 4 times. How about Red Death? Or Oversoul Edict? Both will wreck people just as hard as hand cannons.
Meh, they combined Sansa's story with Theon's so it's a real stark instead of Jayne whats-her-face. I actually like the changes the show has made. IMHO GRRM has completely lost control of this series. He's turning into Robert Jordan.
I agree, definitely not grimoire score. It's not your Crucible gamer score either. Maybe hours logged? I have no idea.
Lol maybe, Sanderson IS my favorite fantasy author these days. I was thinking about the changes after last week's episode and I was trying to figure out if Feast and ADWD actually pushed the plot forward at all when I realized I couldn't even identify the plot of ASoIaF. I'm not even sure if it ever had one.
Hand cannons just need another range nerf. They should be short-range weapons only. IMHO TLW is fine since it has such short effective range, but Thorn is still too effective at range.
All of them.
If you're having trouble maybe a pulse or scout rifle would be better suited to that situation. All primaries should be most effective at a specific range. If one is best-in-class over multiple ranges then there is a problem. HCs - Short Range AR/Pulse - Mid Range Scout Rifles - Long Range
My TLW is basically worthless at medium or greater range. Yes I can still hit them, but I do such little damage I have virtually no chance at getting the kill unless they're incredibly bad.
You can get the Oversoul Edict from the Abyss in HM Crotas End, which can easily be soloed now.
Can't confirm that, but I've seen every other IB weapon drop except the fusion rifle so far.
Likewise, I play with a friend who is also level 34. I have the higher grimoire score and crucible score, but she has vastly more hours logged than I do. We seem to trade off who holds the flag randomly, but it's nearly always one of the 2 of us.
Except that mixes them in with every other primary, yet they have ridiculous impact to go with it.
:shrug: I mean, you're right, you could attack the imbalance any number of ways. That's really the issue at hand, each weapon class has weapons within it that vary greatly in the way they perform. That's why this game will likely never have true balance as some weapons within each class are outliers. But like you said, you can switch between any of the primaries in PVE and not really lose any effectiveness. Gjallarhorn is vastly more powerful than any other rocket launcher but you never see PVEers complaining about it because they're not stuck at the receiving end. In PVP it's only average, so it hasn't been nerfed. Exotics can remain outliers and still be "balanced" in PVP because you can only ever use one at a time.
Last year I made it my new years resolution to read the whole thing. The hate is justified. It started out average (first book is a massive rip-off of LOTR), but then got mildly interesting. Then around book 5 he lost complete control of the series. You would read entire books where literally nothing happens. Some books only had a handful of Rand chapters. Frankly, I'm amazed that Sanderson saved it as well as he did.
Unless it's in PVP, which is what IB weapons are designed for... I wouldn't pass up the opportunity to get that roll on GD unless I absolutely had to. It will be a beast.
D&amp;D are both huge fans of the series, that's how they got the job in the first place.
Small damage buff to AR's and SR's and a slight range reduction to HC's. IMHO.
What makes you think they aren't? They're constantly listening to us and he's told us that many times over. Weapon balancing doesn't happen over night.
How is it from the hip? Because if it's a regular fusion from the hip but also accurate at range I could see how that could be really advantageous.
The counter to Thorn is Red Death, not more Thorns. IMHO.
TLW has virtually no aim assist and a very low mag size compared to its fire rate. It is an extremely high skill cap weapon. Anyone who has actually used one would know this.
I'm confident that's how this is supposed to work.
I had them and dismantled them before I realized they don't even give you ascendant shards. And now they're gone forever.
The most likely explanation is insane plot armor.
Super hard to aim, but it's a lot of fun when you nail it.
Shooting someone with TLW at range (as in, scout rifle range) essentially feels like you're just tickling them. 9/10 you'll lose that battle to anything but another HC. If you're using aggressive ballistics you might as well not even bother.
I don't know how much of the outcry is from PVPers to be honest, this topic always comes around when IB is up, which is when the PVEers all try for the loot. Most PVP guys I know don't really care that much about nerfing Thorn. They either use it because they like it or they deal with it in other ways. It isn't the end all be all weapon that a lot of people make it out to be.
too soon, man. too soon.
GRRM gives off a bit of a George Lucas vibe to me, which I hope I'm wrong about. I feel like one day he could just get fed up and say "You know what? Fuck you guys. I'm out." Thankfully we have the HBO series that is guaranteed to be finished so we'll never not know how all our favorite characters die in gruesome detail.
I honestly have no idea, lol. It's the gun I use 95% of the time in the Crucible, I feel like I know it pretty well.
The game is $20 and comes with a full month's worth of sub ($15 worth) and you get a random limited time item that you can sell for major cash on the AH. I'd say it's a good time to jump in.
You're doing god's work. Saved me a lot of headache.
The montage was for sure PS4 graphics.
Don't feel bad. If you were a Gunslinger you wouldn't have to worry about it because you never have it after you die mid-animation :)
IMHO the only game that has done well in this genre has completely gone outside the box, Destiny. It's a shared world FPS with lots of MMO tendencies and it is killing it right now. The subreddit is over 170k subscribers, which is quickly approaching WoW's subreddit level. I think Greg is absolutely right that you can't build a better WoW than WoW, you have to go a completely different direction.
The $500 million wasn't for just the first game...
Recent Lucasarts history would suggest it would have looked amazing in promos but then been really short and shitty.
Went in expecting Star Wars. Left profoundly disturbed.
You are literally doing god's work.
It is way too big for Control and Clash. Maybe if it was 12 v 12 it would work. I've never played a round on Bastion where we won before the time ran out.
If only it was just other kids. But I guess man-children still count.
It's a top tier pvp hunter exotic, no question. I'd much rather have constant tripmines out than an extra golden gun shot.
No idea why you were downvoted, throwing knives aren't counted as melee kills for any bounty.
They aren't mutually exclusive. Taking away the power of the confederate flag is a much simpler issue than racists with legally obtained firearms and no moral compass.
That build is kind of worthless now (a whole lot less ammo available to pick up so the scavenger perk is useless now), but the Spine is still good. You quickly learn the most effective places to guard each control point with a tripmine to ensure kills. Most people don't see them until it's too late. Although all you assholes running max armor are ruining our fun. And shotgun users that sprint past them, grr.
Yeah but considering what it used to be, ehhh. People used to drop ammo boxes every time they died, sometimes multiple boxes. And special ammo boxes were freaking everywhere to pick up.
Bro, do you even NDT?
Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?
I don't think anyone was complaining about the physical items though, were they? I thought everyone was losing their shit over not getting the emotes and class items?
I just wish people would stop lumping TLW in with Thorn as if it's totally OP as well. It's only really good in extremely short ranges and it has a tiny mag with almost no aim assist. It's certainly no better than Red Death at medium range or MIDA at long range. That to me says it is balanced. Then again I don't think Thorn is that unbalanced either. I think if they changed it so the DoT couldn't actually kill someone it would be fine. But to be honest if they actually nerfed the hand cannon range it would probably be for the best. Hand Cannons should be short-range weapons only, the fact that they outperform all the medium range weapon classes (ARs/PRs) should not be happening in PVP or PVE.
This sub was like that, once.
It's the new exotic sniper/fusion rifle
Yeah I agree, I think that's a bug and not intentional and should be fixed. I'd be ok with an across the board range nerf for hand cannons, but I don't think it will change much in PVP where it's 85-90% short range engagements.
Please note that one game has microtransactions to cover the cost of content development while the other has paid content releases. Two completely different types of games.
They kind of have for me. I tend to ignore movie Anakin and insert TCW Anakin since he was portrayed so much better.
World's most obvious strawman argument.
Shit, it's not often you see a Reaper that doesn't involve arc blade.
I'm just sitting here waiting for the Westboro Baptist Church to do something hilarious and hopefully not tragic.
Ask any PVP player if Truth is an underdog. It's easily the best exotic heavy in the game to pvpers. I always switch to it right before heavy ammo drops.
Somebody's assumption. Megaman datamined it, but Bungie has altered Xur multiple times since then, which megaman himself confirmed. We don't really know what's what anymore.
Ugh no kidding. I really enjoy using it in the Abyss but when you turn around to face 24 thralls coming at you and it only fires one shot instead of obliterating all of them it's really annoying.
It was "fixed," but the fix neutered the damage output on all the shots after the first one, making it even less useful. So they reverted it back for the time being.
Leave it to attorneys to make sure they butt right up to the line of the law to make sure they screw you over as an employee as much as physically possible.
FWIW, the Head Teller could easily be the Assistant Branch Manager at a community bank. Shit, the Branch Manager could BE the Head Teller.
The shocking thing to me is that someone who wanted a confederate flag iced onto a Wal-Mart cake even knew what the ISIS flag looked like.
It's either true or they're too ignorant or too young to know the true meaning. There are definitely people who use it strictly as a "proud to be from the south" flag, but 10 out of 10 have no idea the history behind the confederate battle flag or it's history with the KKK. Maybe Maybe 1 out of 5 could identify the real confederate flag.
A lot of us are from the south... I was born in rural western VA and live in SC now. Most people who fly that flag probably wouldn't if they understood the context and how it is viewed by black people. ie ignorance. And if they still flew it even after considering it, racist.
Pimp slapped a Titan mid smash and then lanced 5 people at once? Is she single? :swoon:
Yes, last night I just abandoned 4 IB quests I had hanging out there nearly complete from the last time. :sigh:
ish
Unless you're playing the modes that are likely to get you an exotic you won't see them. Run the Nightfall, either raid, and your first PoE with the treasure key is a guaranteed exotic drop. Plus the exotic bounties which pop up pretty frequently and there's even a decent chance at getting them in PVP now. If you do the heroic strikes you'll get strange coins and can buy exotics from Xur each week. If you're just dicking around in patrol or doing strikes you aren't likely going to see one for a long long time.
That sub is the main reason the game has received so many QoL improvements to date. It is far from apologetic about the state of the game. As long as your criticism is constructive it will always be fine.
It's not automatically deception. Many things could have happened between then and release that could cause it to fall by the wayside. How many times have we seen previews that show off unbelievably good graphics only for the release client to be average at best because the consoles couldn't keep up the FPS at the higher graphics levels?
I know, it's like all the good wives are taken.
He might not strictly have an obligation to finish, but he certainly has a moral obligation. He created a story that many of us fell in love with and have obsessed over for years, decades even. We're the reason he can do what he loves. We support him. For him to just drop it for no legitimate reason would be a seriously dick move.
It's not perfect, for sure. No adaptation of a book series that routinely hits the 1,000 page mark for each book could be adapted to TV well. There's no doubt that they're streamlining the plot quite a bit too, it is definitely more plot focused and less character focused, but I would argue that it's because the books are so character focused that the plot has all but disappeared. Shows need to have more plot than books do.
When they left out the Tysha story I was seriously let down. Talk about a change for no reason. Not to mention a great moment to develop all of the characters involved substantially.
I was born in '82, am millennial. I think you're safe. also it's weird to see people WANT to be millennials for once.
30s are way better than 20s. You actually have money in your 30s
Stop whatever you're doing and start binge watching Parks and Recreation right now.
Surely you're making more money than you did right out of college?
Maybe you need to step back and consider what would be a good reward and whether it's even possible to get it from the Nightfall? If you already have every exotic you're not likely to have a chance at getting anything useful.
It would be a cosmetic item, good luck convincing them not to charge you silver for it.
Way higher than average. Anything 20 or above is good, IMHO. Or at least it was back when my wife was waiting tables.
Relevant username
In case you're just blissfully unaware, you get downvotes because your posts are aggressive as fuck.
Oversoul Edict was fucking amazing in PVP, and this was before Pulse Rifles got a buff. VoG weapons were way too over powered. CE got it just right (IMHO), and PoE was a major misstep. KF is somewhere between CE and PoE right now.
Yet they still reach the front page, so there is some large part of the community voting for it. Not to mention this type of thread shows up on the front page daily.
It would actually be a really nice bone to throw us, updating VoG / PoE / CE with higher level enemies and updated loot. The VoG weapons would need some tweaking (really just ditching the elemental damage on primaries and making the perks randomized like KF), and they'd need to be updated to the new loot drop system. But we would be eternally grateful.
But also do check out homeland for the plot.
If it makes you feel any better, before challenge mode came out that was my experience in the raid as well.
In his defense, if he is always assigned the left side it's rare that you get any practice with the aura. I've still only done the aura twice and I run the raid every week.
I mean, they've already told us that they're spending almost all their resources on Destiny 2. This implies that there is no "plan" for the next six months, what we have is basically what we'll have in 6 months. It's just that the community doesn't accept that answer for some reason. I'm fine with a content drought if it means we'll get Destiny 2 soon. I've got a ridiculous backlog of games to start on from the last year and a half.
If it makes you feel any better, you'll be a lot better if you don't use the full auto mode for anyone further away than shotgun range anyway.
They don't have to, there's still a chance that regular HM drops will be 320, it's just very unlikely. Totally agree with the PVP issue, it's been there since the very beginning. It's a hell of a lot better now than it was. Before they revamped IB there was literally no way for us PVP people to hit the max level despite having a monthly playlist with level advantages enabled. I ended up raiding by necessity just to be competitive in IB.
Not just falls to his death, he gets knocked into the pit by a blind dude. His only accomplishment is tracking the Millenium Falcon.
Dude, Yoda trained Luke for like a month at max. He was trained for the length of time that Han and Leia sat in that worm's stomach and then traveled to the cloud city. Then, after training him for a month, he tells Luke he can't go save his friends because he has to finish his training. But when Luke comes back to finish, he's like "Oh I was just trolling man, you're done bro. Now all you got to do is kill your father and you'll be a Jedi."
I just got hit with the nostalgia hammer hardcore
It's what we did for Destiny 1, I don't see why the sequel should be any different. We're always striving to make each new game a disappointment.
It has no noticeable effect. You won't be able to tell a bit of difference between 319 and 320.
Virtually every bank has a totally free checking account, why would poor people be choosing one that requires a minimum balance? Your whole post reeks of strawmen. For someone with an MBA you sure don't seem to have much actual knowledge of how banking works...
Grab your parents log in credentials and use the Disney XD app
Yeah, I mean there will always be content droughts between expansions. This is just the first of many. I'm sure many/all of us will be back immediately when Destiny 2 releases.
wat
/r/thathappened
This is why we use banana's for size reference. Too many variations in soccer balls.
Iron Banner weapons are always worth grinding for. It has nothing to do with the playlist.
But mah Econ 101 class...
The shows always start with a small budget and the battle scenes get better and better over time. If you compare the lightsaber battles from S1 of TCW to S5 and 6 you'd be shocked that they're the same show.
Have you ever seen /u/mistborn and /u/GallowBoob in the same place at the same time? I think not.
I would have believed that after Storm of Swords, but after Feast and Dance I no longer think that's correct.
And it doesn't really spoil anything for the previous trilogy. Well, it does, but it's been written clever enough that you won't actually know what's being spoiled until you go back and read the original trilogy. Hell, Mistborn is a great place to start. You've got the original trilogy, which is 100% done, and the Wax and Wayne trilogy, which is also now done. I mean anything with Sanderson always has the potential to be expanded over time, but the story lines for these trilogies are complete (though I have not finished Bands of Mourning yet).
Their new game that hits Kickstarter on the 7th may be a perfect fit depending on details.
It's a good thought, but a years worth of seeing Trump parade around and thinking "my god, this could be our next president" will likely change your mind. I never wanted to support Clinton, but I recognize that she's our only hope of preventing a Trump presidency. It just is what it is. If Supreme Court seats weren't in play it would be different but there's just no fucking way I would sit by and let Trump get to choose. And if by chance she gets indicted, I would GLADLY vote for virtually any other democrat candidate.
It doesn't come up in every election. In my opinion that Supreme Court seat is more important than the president right now.
Of ALL time.
He's got that diaper money
I mean, it WAS a tragedy, so they were halfway there.
Well, they can't try to suppress gay rights any more so they have to latch onto something else.
That's how most of us feel I think
That just makes the pedestal that much higher. He took a gimmick and crafted an SFX masterpiece out of it. And since then nothing has really come close to recreating that magic. The film obviously has many flaws, but if we're just talking about SFX then it absolutely belongs on the list.
This improvement in his campaign is good, but Clinton is up millions of votes. No matter how good Bernie does here he won't be getting the nomination barring an indictment.
Some millennials are in their 30s already. But he's not interested in discussion, just insulting generalizations.
It's just your standard trashy sell out "tell all" book. People will eat it up because it's gossipy and then everyone will forget about it 2 months later. He's just trying to cash in on the free publicity.
I can't think of anything I want less than a live action movie version of Archer.
Really? I constantly see CMON being bashed for their KS practices. Even most of the top comments in this post are that wag
My god this got old so fast. Give it a rest already.
Except even a cursory look at the site proves him wrong. Bernie has been rated most honest for a long time. But it's an anti-Hillary comment so it must be true I guess.
It's almost an impossible question to answer since humor is such a personal thing. The Jump Street movies are personal favorites of mine, they've both got layers on layers of different kinds of humor in them.
Macro lens imo.
It's funny how that's what everyone thinks when the vote favors Bernie but every state that goes to Clinton is fraud
Because Goldman Sachs, which means negative Hillary associations, which means automatic upvotes in Reddit land
Sarcasm? Because all this sub is filled with is attacks on Hillary.
There won't be that many cross platform votes, people will opt to choose not to vote. When it comes down to it, people will see that Hillary is basically 4 more years of an Obama-esque administration while Trump is virtually guaranteed to be worse than W. The anti-Hillary feeling is strong in Reddit today but most democrats don't feel that way, and after the pain of Bernies loss dies down even Reddit will become more pro-Hillary in the face of the opposition.
Anyone who disagrees with me is a paid shill. Or, you're just a pompous aggressive asshat.
This IS their subreddit.
Do his posts contribute to the conversation? If not, then downvotes are justified. Maybe if he actually explained his opinion...
Well, the producers probably felt that way at least.
It'll be hard for it to get any lower than it already is.
It's childish, but certainly no worse than being called a shill for not drinking the kool aid
Do you honestly think she's center right? She and Bernie voted the same 93% of the time and he's an actual socialist.
Yeah there's no correlation between critical acclaim and the quality of a game. It's not like that's exactly what it measures or anything.
Don't forget claiming they're all shills.
Frankly it wouldn't surprise me to learn that these are actually people Trump paid to do this to discredit the democrats and drum up some press for him.
If you're that cynical, that is ALWAYS your choice. No candidate that can get enough support to be nominated will match your belief system 100%. That's just how politics work. The candidate has to appeal to the greatest number of people and in this election cycle that person is Hillary Clinton.
No one is really evil. Thinking they are is simplistic and naive.
Yeah that scene made me like show Jon a lot more because it makes him look more like book Jon, where he constantly fucks up but somehow everything always turns out ok for him. I don't like how competent show Jon is, he's too young to be that good.
It's only been an hour, Christ.
I definitely think we're paying a premium for getting so many huge miniatures. Which to me is the biggest selling point. I loved painting the ones that came with Blood Rage, this will be my favorite painting project to date from them.
It's just a figure of speech. Obviously you have the "right" to complain, but if you don't vote your voice won't be heard in the electoral process.
You must be fun at parties.
The people saying nothing is happening have lost their fucking minds.
Just wow.
Can't tell if satire, which bravo if it is. That's the best kind.
I thought it was both? I definitely could be wrong, it's been a long time since I reread the older books
He's literally the worst.
How come? He's got the chops to pull off Gambit. If you're still picturing him as his early crap roles you should check out some of his newer movies. He's a decent actor.
There's no such thing anymore.
Our country IS great. It's one of the best by most metrics. Doesn't mean we shouldn't strive to make it better though.
I thought for sure you were going to make a shit analogy. Am disappoint.
Wait, seriously?
I was shocked that this ended up as PotG, but if Genjis can cry I was bathing in his tears.
Hmm, disagree. Increasing exposure creates noise. I usually overexpose by at least a quarter stop to get the most detail out of shadows possible. Just enough to get the extra detail without blowing highlights. This image is way overexposed though, to the point where highlights are completely lost
Hence the overpopulation issue.
Hodor
Trumps nicknames are childish and uninspired. But it's not surprising that his supporters wouldn't see it that way. This Drumpf thing is idiotic and I'm frankly ashamed that John Oliver would stoop to his level. But then again John Oliver is the host of a comedy show, not a presidential candidate.
But the alternative where people wildly speculate based on absolutely no evidence is ok? Reddit is a weird place.
Just the fact that you think anyone is actually evil is enough to disregard your opinion.
You are fucking everywhere on this site.
Or rather, she knows they're not actually storm troopers. Hence the sarcasm.
Because luke is a bumbling idiot. I never knew people didn't read that scene that way to be honest.
Ah yes, /r/politics favorite scapegoat
Criminals tend to be larger than average, and it takes roughly the same body mass to subdue them effectively. Or something like that. But not all cops need to be subduing criminals as part of their job.
I think we'd all love to understand. I doubt many will agree but if we could just understand a little bit it would help.
For auto insurance?!
Nah, that's just the confidence of a college freshman/sophomore.
Almost no game is set up that way. 99% of micro transactions are for convenience or cosmetics.
This is basically your entire post history. It's literally nothing but anti-clinton posts.
It's all semantics. You can easily claim that any content released after the fact was held back, there's no way to disprove it. Doesn't mean it's true though.
Yes but it's not easy when Walmart is one of your clients. They will demand huge production from you.
The epitome of remaining Bernie supporters right here.
Please don't. It's such a blatant ripoff and CAH has more than enough expansions already.
Yep, second only to the Maul, Savage, Palpy fight for me.
Kasich could have had a chance. He's quite the moderate and easily would have gotten more support than Trump in the general IMHO.
This is bound to be his next move.
Oh the animation gets soooo much better toward the end. It's almost unrecognizable from the low budget show it starts as. Edit: Fixed words and stuff
Even with the /s tag it's still infuriating.
And soon Donald fucking Trump might control them. If that's not a terrifying thought...
Exactly, so they might call themselves socially liberal, they just won't support those issues if it requires federal intervention. Nothing wrong with that, it's a totally valid platform and there are some very intelligent libertarians. Socially liberal fiscally conservative is a hard line to walk.
No different than when they upvoted literal North Korea propaganda pages.
Just assume everything on the front page is one.
That's quite the leap of logic from them selling ad space to companies that cater to their demographic.
Wait, wasn't his post sarcasm?
They were forced to do it that way because that's how he dies in the book. It would have been much stronger for him to be unable to attend the trial for some reason and then see that scene later as Cersei tying up loose ends imho.
Yep, that's the great irony of the situation. They oppose abortions, but they also oppose the only things statistically proven to prevent them.
They're so progressive. No wait, that's not right. Regressive.
Yeah but your marriage is less valuable now that the filthy gays can do it too. I really hope I don't need to add a /s tag to that.
Little known fact. She is actually a boat.
Yay more F56s! The yellow is really growing on me, which I never thought would happen.
God this makes me feel old.
They just call it orange so they differentiate it from taxi cab yellow :P
One day 10 years from now you'll get rickrolled by your past self.
I doubt many people really think Clinton did nothing wrong with these emails. It's more a question of whether it was intentional or negligent, and to what extent. And despite reddit constantly acting like it's a foregone conclusion, I haven't seen a lot of incriminating evidence that what she did was somehow nefarious. I've seen a lot of second hand hearsay and some dubious emails taken out of context, but I don't put stock in that shit. There needs to be concrete evidence here, and so far there's none. Maybe in aggregate all of this stuff I've seen may add up to something, but that's for the FBI to decide. It's more of the "she controls the media" and "she only won the nomination because of voter fraud" and "she's literally a lizard" claims that people throw the conspiracy theory label on.
Which is why I made the disclaimer in my original post. But it's not up to us to decide whether she's guilty or not. That's why I'm just sitting back and waiting to see what the FBI concludes. To be frank I would take literally any other democrat as the nominee over her. So if she gets indicted, yay. But if she doesn't, she's still metric fuck tons better than Trump.
I've never gotten a PotG as Mercy by rezzing 3 people, fwiw.
Because letting local communities rule themselves isn't fraught with problems too. Flint? There needs to be federal oversight to protect the people.
I was under the impression that it was corruption all the way down? Either way it was just an example off the top of my head, local governments are usually at least as corrupt as state and federal. It's usually a lot worse because they're not under the amount of scrutiny that the larger bodies are. Also what about civil rights?
It should be shameful to get killed by Mercy. It takes a willful disregard of your surroundings to get killed by her. You either have to charge straight at her or just stand there like an idiot.
It's really good for disrupting snipers and that's about it. It's still a lot of fun though.
It's Sundance and this is a movie about farting corpses. I don't know what else you would expect. Makes me want to see it even more knowing that though. Anybody who can piss off indie movie critics that much deserves my patronage.
Just a drop in the bucket of lazy writing that Lucas came up with to mash the PT and the OT together.
It's a great idea and as far as we're concerned, let's think of it that way because it helps swallow the terrible parts of the movies. But we have to stop giving Lucas credit for this shit. If he had thought of it, or hell, if he had consulted people and had help in writing the scripts, maybe they would have thought of this. But he didn't. Episodes 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6 are all exactly what Lucas wanted. Anything that he wanted but couldn't put in he just added later.
Or surprising. And Reddit wonders why the DNC won't try to court their vote when it seems to be split between voting for Trump and not voting at all now. It's almost like the entirety of Sanders supporters were non democrats trying to force him in as the party candidate and don't really care about the party at all... Which is exactly why the party has such strict rules about registering with it before primaries that Reddit likes to constantly bitch about.
All you're missing is "has the support of the people."
There's literally dozens of us
They really dumped the quality of the Jetta for the last 2 (?) generations to get it down to a ridiculous price point. Virtually everything else on their lineup is very high quality.
All of the people that just voted for Clinton and got her the nomination.
I dunno, I'm grudgingly voting for her now and I care about this. If there are a lot of people out there that think you're some criminal mastermind, you probably shouldn't be having your husband meeting with the DoJ on a private plane. It just fuels the conspiracy theories.
Her hilarious one liners when she kills someone.
Maybe if this is your first or second election cycle. I'm not going to argue with you about this. Sanders put up a good fight (and I voted for him in our primary) but he just didn't have the popular vote, there's nothing undemocratic about him losing. It wasn't even a remotely close race.
Spoken like someone who has only ever been on the lawyer side of this equation.
It seems like everyone is ignoring reality right now. Clinton supporters downplay or ignore her weaknesses, Trump supporters voted in a reality star as a presidential candidate and Bernie supporters just can't accept that he lost.
Well, except when he told his followers that he supported her... Edit: re read what I wrote, I didn't say anything about him telling his followers to support her
Reddit is for pooping
I didn't say that he said his followers should support her. Voting for = support, even if he hasn't endorsed yet.
This is his one major area he needs improvement in. Still my favorite author to read but yeah, there's a whole lot of talking about emotions and not a lot of acting them out.
Choose a primer that works as zombie skin. That will save you tons of time painting. As for quick shade, you can pick up minwax poly shade from Home Depot/lowes for so much cheaper. It's practically the same product at a fraction of the cost. For other things to get... the brush you get with the set is likely not great but it'll do to start with. For gore I would recommend getting Blood for the Blood God from games workshop. This stuff looks EXACTL like real blood. It's awesome. Apply it at the very end after you seal them.
They might be, they're clearly insane.
Jesus why do people film these things? And why upload it to the internet? Who wants to watch their loved ones bleeding out gasping for breath :(
Sure it matters. It just changes from a happy ending to a tragedy.
I read a lot, at least an hour a day, and it took me 8 months to finish WOT. I wouldn't start that series till you hit a major content drought.
Uh, more pics? It looks awesome from what I can see.
That looks amazing!
Thanks! Yeah I thought about just printing them all one color and painting them, but I figured this will last longer.
A vector of the 2d image of it? I don't think so, or at least I don't know how. I built these in sketchup. Still new to 3d rendering, sorry!
And simultaneously hate it.
Well I was hoping to just put them on shapeways so people could get whatever they wanted there, but they're claiming it would be like $20/coaster, which seems outrageous. So I'll put the files up for free and work on seeing if I can cut down on the material cost some.
They'll be there tonight :)
Ok I made an album full of them: http://imgur.com/a/S9qbA
There's some titan love in there, still working through some: http://imgur.com/a/S9qbA
I'm trying to get them up on shapeways, which is a 3d printing service (much higher quality than I could churn out), but so far the cost is prohibitive. I didn't expect that so now I'm trying to figure out how to cut the material usage down.
Damn, this looks fantastic. Maybe I should work on painting moly set after all. How did you deal with the lack of detail on the faction leaders?
This revelation is going to hurt my wallet. There's so many good minis there
It's not so bad since the dawning. Guaranteed 2 amor pieces and one weapon at 390+ every week makes the grind way easier.
Trump?
Doot doot
Yeah, you can pray to idols, just make sure they're the church approved ones.
Being equally sexist to all genders doesn't somehow cancel the effect out. The show is undeniably sexist, and racist, and pretty much as awful as it can be. It's a comedy, who cares. If it didn't push those boundaries and subvert our expectations it wouldn't be nearly as funny.
We're talking about conventions here, not normal public outings. You kind of expect that type of person to be there.
Somehow I doubt the people who are offended feel that way :P Not that Archer should ever be watched by someone easily offended.
They're beholden to the info you provide them. So if you fail to disclose something and it turns out it was important, it's not on them. Shit in shit out, basically. The amount of tax you owe is the same regardless of whether your accountant fucks up. So even if your accountant is a certified moron you still owe those taxes. If they make an error though, I'm sure they get fined too.
That's such a small part of the ending though.
Jokes on you, it never ends.
It doesn't help that they sing so fast you can't really make them out anyway.
That's when you know you've mastered satire.
Trump was too. He had to work extra hard for that loan his father gave him. Edit: words
False.
Jesus they must make a fortune
This is a glorious typo
A collection of files with a highly politicized twitter account.
Definitely not, and it's not Julian Assanges twitter account, it's Wikileaks.' I'm just pointing out that Wikileaks is more than just a collection of files.
This is exactly it. I have no qualms with Wikileaks, I think it serves an important function. My issue is with Assange the person.
Snowden is a perfect example to refute that point. He knew the consequences of his actions yet did it anyway, yet we don't see him constantly on twitter spouting bullshit and trying to raise money.
Sarcasm?
I'm just not sure whether you're aware that like half of Reddit is dedicated to porn. There's even a porn spinoff of this very subreddit /r/OldschoolCoolNSFW
It must've been going for a fish attached to that spearfishers body, AFAIK black tip reef sharks aren't known for attacking humans or for breaching like a great white.
Awful skinny for a bull. Then again it's pretty thick for a reef shark too. Spearfishers are insane. They basically chum the water and then attach food to themselves. They practically invite predators to attack them.
Ok one set is hosted. https://www.myminifactory.com/object/destiny-emblem-coasters-the-rare-set-26625
It used to be so glorious.
It can't be infused :(
You're defending this so hard I have to wonder if you're actually in this video.
You people are weird.
Crucible packages drop an identical cloak to it (aside from color differences) I think.
"military spending"
Maybe, but it's insanely close. Certainly a good alternative for now
You gathered all of that out of my 7 word comment? That's pretty impressive.
Well, yeah if you ignore the second half of the comment.
Supply and demand...
Well in this case you're wrong. You really do fascinate me.
Ehhh, I really like mine and I'm glad I got it, but I couldn't get used to the paddles despite them being super helpful for a southpaw like me, and if you're not using those it's just a fancy regular controller for most people. I keep trying to get used to the paddles but I think I grip the controller too hard and constantly hit them by accident. But don't get me wrong, it is a fantastic controller. Built much better, has better ergonomics and the materials are super nice. I also really like that you can dim that damn xbox button in the middle. That bastard continuously blinded me with the standard controller.
It's a shame you can't hit anything more than 3 feet in front of you
That would quite nearly, no wait, that would TOTALLY make up for how fucked up this last election was.
Maybe if you say it enough times someone will actually believe you.
I think it'd be even funnier to watch him as he is being put in Archer's shoes.
Net worth is net of debt. It'd be weird to value your worth based on just your assets.
If public outcry gets bad enough they'll cave. Don't forget that nearly half (over half?) the country didn't even bother voting. His supporters make up less than 25% of the population.
Not much left to shoot after the first shot, you got 4 in 1 right?
Yeah and we're fucked all the way down.
Yeah twitter is like sorting by new comments.
I think it broke at some point, so sadly no :(
He was answering questions live on twitch. I think they transcribed them to the AMA thread later
Slander implies falsehood. Are you claiming Lewis' comments are lies?
Really digging the weathering on that sword
Some of us will surely be selling some of the exclusive minis we don't want so if you keep an eye out I'm sure you'll see some for sale. There are so many in MD that I'll never be able to paint them all, I'm sure I'll sell quite a few to recoup some of the pledge.
Oh shit, time for Peregrine Greaves to soar once again.
It fires it's entire magazine in less than one second...
It doesn't feel the same though. There isn't much discussion of actual "religion" like Saze does in Mistborn. There are "gods" in Stormlight Archives but not really much in the way of religion.
Maybe in his older books (ok, definitely in his older books) but there is quite a lot of character development in Stormlight Archives. Hell, almost all of book one deals with character development. The overarching plot barely inches forward for the entire book.
Reddit is predominantly filled with college aged males. That demographic is also not surprisingly extremely liberal. It's not some huge conspiracy. There was (and still is) a ridiculous amount of astroturfing going on from both sides, but this sub filters out all of the Trump spam shit and leaves the liberal shit.
What weapon setup are you using? If you're getting murdered in short range encounters then switch to a scout and sidearm combo and hang back. The MIDA MT is an extremely good scout. It's also always a good idea to roam with your team mates rather than go lone wolf. You might not get as many actual kills, but assists are worth half a kill and as a team you'll do way better.
They hold so much water that I basically had to unlearn literally everything I had learned before about brush work and mixing paint.
If you're looking for specific techniques to try, Ghool's painting videos can be a huge help: https://www.youtube.com/user/MiniGhool He knows how to use his camera so his videos are better than most at actually helping show you how to achieve the technique. His video on mixing paint consistency was a huge help for me.
There's no trap really, you'll just find that the sable brushes hold 2 to 3 times more water than the synthetics. It takes a lot more effort to get that water back out. I also found that they're a lot softer so I had to relearn how much pressure to apply and also that I needed to mix paints in much bigger quantities. They're amazing though. Especially if you want to learn 2 brush blending
/r/peoplefuckingdying
I just realized the GOP did the exact same thing for Obama that we did to W. The only difference is that they're not remotely funny.
It's a shame this is so far down the comment train.
That are Hollywood actors?
MIDA is unquestionably better, it's just a question of whether it's worth giving up your exotic slot to use it
Doesn't matter what it is, if the post involves an animal someone will claim it's being abused.
Oh god please do Junkcat next
All cosmetic items should transfer over. Shaders, emblems, ships and sparrows. I would be SO pissed if I lose my shader collection.
Not to mention all those layers of spray tan.
Technicalities.
Nobody knows what it means, but its provocative
Also, welcome to America.
Are you suggesting that if Bungie allowed us to keep our cosmetic items they just wouldn't design any new ones for Destiny 2? We should be able to bring our cosmetics with us through the journey since they don't affect gameplay. It should be an ever growing collection, just like it is now.
Don't see how that is any different than any of our MSM networks.
Probably when he stated he would nominate Supreme Court judges based on the Heritage Foundations recommendations, and when asked to clarify definitively stated he would nominate judges who would attempt to undue gay marriage. Or when he chose one of the most anti-LGBTQ rights VP he possibly could have.
From the foundation itself: https://www.myheritage.org/news/donald-trumps-supreme-court-list-includes-five-heritage-recommendations/ From ThinkProgress: https://thinkprogress.org/trump-says-he-will-delegate-supreme-court-appointments-to-the-heritage-foundation-f0a51790683c#.mny7yhwg3
Ah shit, it looks like you're right. I remembered it wrong. He was talking about roe v. wade, not gay rights. http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/14/politics/trump-gay-marriage-abortion-supreme-court/
Rich white men are a race!! And they're oppressed!
There's a global event called the Gentlemens Ride that is a cool motorcycle rally raising awareness for prostrate cancer. So there are some events out there, just not nearly as many and they don't get as much media coverage.
The cancer has spread to every single sub
Figure out where the anarchists will be. They don't give a shit about the protest, they just want to fuck shit up
I have no doubt that Trump was aided by the Russians, but judging whether something is true based on whether it's something someone is likely to have done is awful.
It's because the system forces it to be that way. If you can only have 2 teams to choose from, eventually those teams will become opposites of each other. Then you're stuck with either choosing the one that seems less bad or having to deal with the idea of the worse one winning. It's fucking broken.
Not really that big, they each have less than 15% support or they'd be in the debates. Though if we ditched the FPTP system they would likely get much much larger.
Except the jobs still need to be done so instead of hiring someone directly they just hire a contractor. So it's essentially for publicity.
W had an extremely good sense of humor too. Dunno about the self aware part though.
It's easy to forget that he has the lowest approval rating pretty much ever and he's only had the job for a couple days. Practically everybody hates him.
Not that this helps your particular problem, but por que no los dos? Prime them black then do some zenithal highlighting from the top with white to help boost your leaf colors.
and a plane, don't forget the plane.
Yeah, THATS what would piss people off.
Then just slap on some blue paint and some tubes and he's an apocalypse bringing mutant.
Ah maybe he was? I honestly don't know.
Won't happen. If he's been consistent about anything, it's that he wants corporations to have free reign to do whatever they want. Any push towards a global warming initiative would restrict those corporations.
We can't judge him on the he says. We have to go by what he intended to say, which is never what he actually says.
They're paid by the taxpayers, they're not entitled to the same benefits as normal citizens. /s in case it's necessary.
Lets hope that mutation catches on
/r/getoffmylawn
/r/clever is private, for one thing
Why would they close it on their own?
This has me more aroused than most porn videos I've seen.
We're in the same boat, I'm just a year ahead of you. For games, cool mini or not is fantastic for miniature based board games. If you want some suggestions on what to pick up, blood rage (Vikings) and zombicide: Black Plague (medieval zombies) are both super fun to play and have tons of really fantastic miniatures to paint and learn on. They're also doing a kickstarter right now for a new game called world of smog. It's a Victorian era steampunk style game that assigns one player as the enemy and the rest have to team up to try and defeat him. You might also enjoy Scythe, which is really fun but the miniatures are pretty low detail as far as painting miniatures goes.
It means they're becoming more economical (cheaper) than they were.
Wait really? If so that's hilarious.
Can someone help me achieve this for the next 4 years?
Why the fuck should the government care if people get married or are divorced in the first place? Get that shit out of my government please. Keep the tax break for being married and that's it. Anything more than that is bullshit. It's a religious institution ritual and the government has no place being involved in it.
That's assuming he really is protesting fossil fuels and not just holding a snarky sign at some random protest. And also if true the irony of reddit jerking it to a conservative nutter implying past presidents would be spinning in their graves over a black man being president while thinking this was a protest against Trump would be almost too much to handle.
The most expensive pvc pipe ever made
Another dick
Welcome to American politics. That's as much as the average voter knows. It's always been that way. They look at the candidates and think "which one seems like a better dude?" or "let's see, which one is a [insert party affiliation]" and then cast their vote.
Mother fucker did you just leave the Incredibles out of a top 3 Pixar list?
:wink:
He had to cancel the funding so the 5,000,000 illegals could cross over, migrate to California and New York, and then vote for Clinton. If he hadn't canceled the fence funding Trump would have won the popular vote. Edit: Jesus Christ is the /s tag really necessary?
Till 25? Why? At most it should be 21 to match alcohol.
It absolutely, positively is.
It usually corresponds to when I have deadlines at work coming up, or if I'm just super overwhelmed and worried I'll forget about something I have on my plate.
Are they, though? I can't count the number of people I've talked to in the USA who want a flat tax system. If they had even a cursory knowledge of our tax code they would realize how stupid that is. Even a 1 day class on why we pay taxes, what they're used for and how to maximize your refund would be incredibly beneficial to most Americans.
I'm actually ok with them charging whatever they want for viagra.
The gif contains people in a relationship and he's salty that he's never been in one. Insulting strangers on the internet helps him cope with the loneliness and crushing depression.
Yep, R strap or bust.
I guess it'll come down to whether they value the country's best interests more than they despise Trump.
This is damn good. Exactly how they're described
They still build crazy stuff for movies, we just assume it's all CGI because we can't tell a difference now. TFA for instance had a ton of it.
Fuck you guys
Be gone, back to your safe space.
I just realized that I've always referred to him as David Puddy. I'd never even bothered to learn his real name.
Is the Reckoners series in that list? Maybe I missed it. If not it's also good for kids into fantasy imo. Also the Trollhunters Netflix show is already released and it's FANTASTIC.
Lets hope you're never painted with the same broad brush of whatever religion / ideology you ascribe to.
Uh, no. Roughly half our country is too apathetic to bother voting in the first place. Which is it's own problem. But it's disingenuous to say that half of Americans put Trump in power. More like a little less than 25%.
I, what? Is this a real blooper?
Go lock yourself in your house and watch the rest of the episodes before doing anything. Don't even eat or drink.
Tthis theory is hilarious because it's the most ludicrous idea ever conceived. If she was going to plant a contender in the primaries to win and then tank the general election, she would never in a million years choose Donald fucking Trump.
Especially when the people you're fighting constantly use human shields as a measure to protect themselves.
Is that what they think a smirk looks like?
PETA constantly pulls shit like this for publicity. I don't understand how they think it helps their cause in the least. All it does is make them a joke.
This is poetic
Are we watching the same gif? I feel like people go out of their way to try and prove that literally everything on the internet is fake.
Looks like a combination of the tape measure slipping off his finger as it grabs the keys and shitty artifacts from the source. Tape measures are weird as shit, they don't reflect light predictably since they're concave. I don't see how that's proof of anything.
It's a Stanley Fatmax. It has a magnetic tip on the end.
It doesn't pass through his hand, it slips off his finger. It looks like it disappears because tap measures are concave and don't reflect light like you would expect. The keys move before the tape gets to it because the tape measure is a Stanley Fatmax, it has a magnetic tip on it.
Great actress but her movies are rarely fun. They're pretty much solely for oscar bait.
As usual, given context he sounds 1,000 times worse.
Well, he's signing pieces of paper saying he's going to do them. He hasn't actually done much other than detain people who have a legal right to be here.
Your first election eh? Once you become president you are always known as President [name].
Hasn't repealed Obamacare or even given an inkling of his "plan" to replace it. Has no solid plan for building the wall or how to finance it. He's just signing EOs to convince his supporters he's got everything under control. Most of them haven't even been properly vetted before he signs them. He can sign them all day long but the bottom line is the most he's actually done is detain an entire religious group from entering our country.
I'm aware of how it works. It doesn't change how much he's actually accomplished by signing these sheets of paper.
Media: RATINGS RATINGS RATINGS! Wooooooooo
This site is very liberal and his approval rating is already tanking. Not really surprising IMHO.
Yet here we are talking about a pro-Trump article from Yahoo which has hit the top post on reddit.
It probably would be if his supporters on this site weren't lunatics. He has some decent ideas, he's actually pretty left leaning as far as republicans go. But unfortunately he his stance is either left leaning or extreme right wing. There's nothing moderate about him. I think the bigger issue is he's just a detestable human being.
Explain? Who wouldn't want a show to wrap up its story lines?
TIL you guys have your own Trump to deal with.
Wow, sound makes it 100x more satisfying.
Well, unless they're reopening an old investigation apparently.
Nothing. There's just so much potential with this one.
Wait you weren't being sarcastic?
I see it as a source for Reddit posts at least twice a week.
Obviously, and for good reason. See: The Inconvenient Truth. It was alarmist garbage and hurt the global warming movement far, far more than it helped it.
Exactly :P We're just going in circles.
Seriously. And here I thought Moana had good water effects.
Ah, the classic off-screen proof. But yeah they do imply that.
cough, cough.
There it is.
Man, fuck people who walk dogs off leash in public.
Not that I necessarily disagree with your overall point, the OP IS bad advice, but I love my wife regardless of the mood she's in. If you find you don't love someone when theyre at their worst, chances are you don't really love them.
Hello there
It's just an ironic sub. It mocks the watchpeopledie sub but instead of people dying it's totally innocent gifs with titles that imply death.
Seems appropriate for the setting
Unsubscribe
Holy Christ
They must've fired obamas photographer. Either that or dude is struggling to take even a single picture of Trump where he doesn't look like a clown.
Imagine all of the shit that a volcano normally spews into the air, except rolling down a mountain toward you at like 100 miles an hour.
Surely they were aware of the increased activity though? I was too small to remember it but there are usually huge red flags leading up to an eruption.
I knew it was fast but didn't want to guess too high, lol. That's fast as fuck though. That's fast enough that there's practically no way to escape it whatsoever.
An OT meme? Is that, legal?
I think you underestimate congress. His approval rating has absolutely tanked and they have a much more capable person waiting in line to take over. If he embarrasses them too much, or if there's any hint that he could damage their party they'll oust him without a second thought.
That's what I'm saying though, an impeachment helps their party. Trump vs Pence is a no brainer. If the evidence is there and the public supports it, they'll do it. No question.
But art can be practiced at literally any time and for any amount of time? It's not like it has to be done in one 4 hour session.
It seems like fun. Even if it turns out to be an average board game the minis alone are worth the cost to me.
Looks like it.
Uh, the accident rate is so high because most drivers are idiots/inattentive and motorcycles are notoriously hard to see. Morons doing things like this make up such a small amount of motorcycle accidents.
Then you are lost
I mean, you would think instead of being a creep and following her all the way home, he'd have just, you know, talked to her when they made eye contact on the train... It could have saved him a lot of walking.
Any guy who says that deserve a punch in the dick.
Makes sense, you don't want the bot replies to be at the top, that's for sure.
Jokes on him because grapes are expensive as fuck by the pound. He probably paid like $20 for that "bunch" that he piled into the bag.
Most of us were convinced that movie would be absolute trash based on all the promo materials. Super glad to be proven wrong there.
See this just makes me angry. And it really sums up everything about Trump.
... fapping?
The Black Plague base game is fantastic on its own. Plus there are multiple survivor boxes you can buy if you want more. Also the wulfsburg expansion.
You definitely wouldn't need smaller than a 1 for a sable brush though.
It ended exactly how you would expect it to. You get a couple of answers but are still left wanting. It was great.
I don't think it's possible to lower them enough to where Zoolander 2 is considered a good movie.
I'm glad they're there, personally. I'm fine with people talking about whatever they want to talk about as long as they're sure they're alone. I definitely don't want to hear about your opinions on politics, or religion, or whatever filthy vagina you managed to bring back to your place the night before. I'd hate to be at a job where I would be forced to listen to that shit unless I wanted to find a new job.
Seriously, that's pretty incredible. http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/p__/images/5/59/Five_muses.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130720175234&amp;path-prefix=protagonist
It's a good trick.
Everything is better when imagined in his voice
Jaime and Brienne save that book from being an absolute bore. To me at least.
Tomato, tomato
It's where comedy goes to die
It's where comedy goes to die
It's where comedy goes to die
It's where comedy goes to die
It's where comedy goes to die
It's where comedy goes to die
I keep coming back to this game. Is it worth buying a PS4 for? It's the only game I'd likely play on it for a long time.
That's kind of what is holding me back, my game time is so limited right now that I probably couldn't buy and play enough games to really make it worthwhile, but damn HZD is so tempting.
And thus, teen mom was born
So many words to describe cows...
Or women
Does the beer somehow change? Or you choose what to drink based on something other than taste? I'm confused.
I still can't believe they're not going to sell this at retail. Has to be one of the weirdest decisions I've seen them make.
It just reminds me of the music scene and not supporting "sell outs." Not supporting a good beer because it was popular enough to get bought out just seems weird to me.
All it ever did was shitty sepia tones anyway. Never saw why people liked that bot.
Is there such a thing as a spirit plant? I think I found mine.
It's because he's one of us. We're all neckbeards on this blessed day.
Not exactly evidence. Not at all, actually.
I love Zach Woods but he strikes me as one of those actors that kills it in supporting roles but couldn't carry a movie himself.
A package of his package
Shit, he'll start rewriting it just so dude loses the bet.
I always hear this but I fail to see how its possible. Most men's restrooms are literally covered in pee. The walls, pools on the floor, the handle to the urinals. It's just everywhere.
There are a number of comics about Maul. Also some absolutely fantastic episodes of The Clone Wars.
I'm glad it's for more than just the core GH box. I have no desire whatsoever to buy the core game but I'm really liking both expansions and the guest box sets. I was planning on getting all of them at retail to improve my ZBP game so it'll be nice to be able to use it for MD too.
good bot
Well, not Trump. He'll be golfing.
There's simply no way someone would willingly hold onto THAT particular story in an attempt to distract from something else. That was potentially the most damaging piece of info released against Trump during the election season. You'd have to be insane to hold onto that thinking that it would do anything other than tank Trump's chances at winning.
Hence why people used to think Adam Sandler was funnier
*Conservative screeching
Good bot
You could barely even buy the surfboard for that amount.
2003, in the front all the way to the left. Whyyyyyyyy?
I really like the look of the game (and have backed), but I was curious to see if you have had any of the core miniatures produced yet? I'd love to get a better understanding of how accurate the renders will be compared to the final products. I'm also curious about the monuments and how they're put together. I'm concerned that if they're painted, even with liberal amounts of sealant the paint job will eventually wear away considering how much they'll be handled every game and how forcefully.
But what about the droid attack on the wookies?
Was her name Barbara?
Reminds me of last month. I'd been painting some miniatures for a board game and had spent roughly 20 hours painting one of them. I had it all finished to the best of my ability, so I grabbed what I thought was a can of varnish to seal it up, only it turned out to be primer.
Can confirm Source: am loser
Classic muggle
Well those look fantastic. Looks I have yet another game to look into now.
And that doesn't even include Stars Wars Episode I: Racer. Which was surprisingly amazing.
ah autocorrect, you're a cruel mistress
Inside Out
Is that why it's got a 98% fresh rating?
I like the extra alliteration of his.
But instead we get a Han Solo film :( Damnit.
For me it's not that he's less interesting. I think they're both interesting. But I think a lot of Han's allure is his mysteriousness. I just don't think this movie will add any value to Han's character. It can only take away from it. Meanwhile, I would give anything to see a new Obi-Wan movie with Ewan again.
So it finally gets released AFTER Destiny 2 comes out? The fuck is with that?
The thing that gets me is that a proposal is intended to signify you want to spend the rest of your life with this person. If you're ready for that commitment you should know whether or not the person would be comfortable with a public proposal...
You've got quite an imagination.
According to the artist, this isn't actually intended for printing but is a finished piece for him.
Imma bring the syrup she can be my waffle.
Seriously. I don't wear cologne but I would if it smelled like that.
That's why RDR was so good. Accidentally killed someone? Kill all the witnesses and you get off free and clear
That's always been the 6D's deal. They cut features to make it cheap (by full frame standards).
Especially if they catch people going that fast. The tickets would be thousands of dollars a piece.
/r/shittylifeprotips
The negotiations were short.
I don't know about trucks, but in a car if you throw it into reverse while driving it actually shifts into neutral.
It used to be derogatory, now it's a compliment.
