I am in college and i need to get a field placememt for my program. I applied to 3 places but so far i have no response. I am so worried that my placement will be delayed until next year. Will i be getting a placement for this september?
i'm more interested in a sex palace
meow too thanks
I know that [temple!](http://www.baps.org/Global-Network/North-America/Toronto.aspx) its in my city. I've only been there once but it is stunning.
This is silly. If it is someones choice to buy a metaphysical item then they should have that choice and deal with whatever consequences it may or may not have. I dont like when websites parent
Right next to my college there is a forest path and during my breaks i go walk along there and spend my time and relax
there is a card system here in Canada called the presto card and you can use it on any bus in any city (most cities support it) you can reload it online or at the bus booth.
they are in some sort of enclosure, does not look like a fur farm at all. looks like a wildlife center
I love how [Vanir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrl7Xgx7EVI) is in the suggested section :D
Hey do you need someone to talk to? Pm me. I am a college student studying social service work
Welp guess i should feel bad 24/7 because i have food and a home and some people dont have that. Guess im just selfish.
Ive had to leave stores because a kid crying was really fucking with my anxiety
Remember you arent alone in this situation. Im glad you shared your concerns and we are all here for eachother. Do what you believe is the best for yourself and dont apologize. Looks like you have some good support systems in your life and thats important. Please take care.
A beautiful piece. You did an awesome job
which city? i live in southern ontario as well
Ughh *yawn* is that all he has?
Really it confuses the fuck out of people when they dont play the part in being the cog in the machine like they are told to do.
For sure. Thats why so many people have an agressive view towards the homeless
I have been reading Elder Futhark runes for about 2 years now. this is what they said for you Current situation - Eihwaz - Defence You are looking for a way to defend yourself from any more issues or the issues that are already at hand What to look out for - Uruz (reversed) -strength Make sure you are not defeating yourself. There might be people using your own strength against you or you could be doing the same thing to yourself. Make sure not to exhaust yourself End result - Berkana - growth/ birth/renewal of all things Every situation you endure will always enhance your growth process. Your current situation is not your final destination. With each death there is a birth and with each birth there is a death. The cycle of life continues I hope this was helpful
i can somewhat relate i feel towards the druidic path but i am also close to celtic, norse and more recently, an egyptian god. This is generally why i do not like to label myself. I like to flow freely through paths and for me the reason why i love paganism is because there is no set rule or path. i hope this provided you some insight.
while im not excusing any behaviour someone pointed this out &gt;The title isn't correct. 23,000 people were at the Solstice but not all of them are 'hippies'. Solstice attracts a very diverse crowd (e.g. American tourists, locals, new age druids). Of the 23,000 you might find that only 5000 were actually 'hippies'. The litter was probably left by local young people, who mostly use it as an excuse to get drunk and stay out all night.
also tru fam
kick an active volcano
such a pathetic question. I will be mentoring youth, many of which never had decent fucking parents to assist them...
["it wouldn't be appropriate for me to brag"](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/smite.gamepedia.com/7/76/T_Janus_Gold_Card.png?version=06ce9b1d65074507b463cd4e88d24a4c)
Hi :) * I'm 23 years old * I live in southern Ontario * I've been a heathen for 1 and a half years now * I am almost done college (graduate this year!) * I am asexual * I'm into extreme music (metal/punk) * I love playing games, pm me for my steam if you'd like * I'm female * I love photography and writing!
she was salary but didn't get overtime for the times she did work after hours. and it was common for many of the employees to work after hours too. idk that company just had shitty expectations for their employees. they expected people to come in early and stay late and come in weekends.
if u wanna mainly fuck for 'preservation of the species' and u will do anything to complete that.....yr a sociopath and need professional help
If chads are muscular fools who want sex arent they chads? They are obsessed with lifting and fucking. Havent they become they chads?
I feel spoiled by this picture
this is the game now
look I get what yr saying and life is painful and cruel. I like this sub but the nihilism is over bearing sometimes. Natalists are fools but I don't think life is one giant painful cruel unintentional disaster. There is no inherent meaning to life, that is true, but you give yourself your own meaning and no one can take that away from you. It is beyond powerful to realize you have carved your own purpose and meaning in life, it is you who is your own creator and you make your own choices. You can choose to see everything as suffering or you can choose to see it as a way to understand your self and others around you. Your dog probably had a wonderful loving and fun life with you and your family, your dog fulfilled its own purpose of being your friend and giving you affection. You fulfilled your own purpose of being a good owner, good friend and good caretaker to your pet. As soon as you got your dog, you signed up for a 'purpose' and that purpose was to take care of the dog. You did a good job from what I can tell, you loved your dog. Sometimes life can seem like an emptiness barrel of suffering because it impacts so much every day, we see it on the news and we see it in our relatives and pets whom we love. It is so powerful sometimes it makes us forget just how wonderful the time with them was and that the suffering was only brief fleeting moments compared to the love and joy experienced with them. I am sorry for your loss and I do not like people who trivialize life and treat it as some gambling game. Edit: well i tried
First of all try therapy. Second of all get practice. Practice speaking on the phone with someone you trust. Practice being professional with someone you trust. Make a script for yourself for what you want to say on the phone.
im not saying suffering is justified but it also cant be put to an end for all eternity. I'm not saying its good either but it cant be stopped
we are sentient beings so of course we perceive it as being awful but that's just life for some creatures and it is not going to stop anytime, it is such a waste to just mope around about it because its not going to change a damn thing. Yes its awful, no i don't advocate for it...
&gt; Angry Feminists this is the biggest fucking straw man argument and it doesn't prove jack fuck. Radical idea; why not have the female characters be the same size, height and weight as the male characters? they dont need to be super busty/thin/small etc to be female characters, have none of yall seen Loadout???? All in all I really don't give a fuck about gender bending characters because I value original well made female characters instead of just putting boobs on a male character. Making new characters would be a waste of time programing, voice acting and adding to an already massive game. You don't need to straw man "SJW" and "Angry feminists" to prove your point, and if you do it is childish, ill informed, a weak argument, and i'm probably going to take your point a lot less seriously.
This is like a ytp but with real people
Not eating can be a sign of depression and he seems avoidant. Have you thought about sitting down with him and have a chat just a simple "hey how are you, do you wanna grab a bite with me?" Can be powerful
i love this and i love seeing so many different types of people cosplaying!
/r/meow_irl
I really fucking hate that thing
Why...? Its their own body and thats just as bad being those anti abotion people who yell and scream at people and show horrible signs. Im not going to make choices for someone else and force it on them...
Hmm yea she had auditory hallucinations and delusions. Im not a professional but that is somewhere along the lines of the schizoprenia spectrum
https://i.imgur.com/CFwpseq.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/JWCFQ85.jpg
Good luck with everything! May i have a link to your blog?
Little dragon
thanks
me seeing a deleted post: 👀 👀 👀
satirizing a satire eh? you must be lonely
there is an sfm vid of that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKzAdGjC-U
/r/ledootgeneration
it also requires having normal human emotions and some level of empathy......all things he is lacking
Its the same with the spies on tf2
This guy had some of the most craziest youtube drama ever. Him and his wife and ex wife craziness. I cant remember what happened exactly but it was wild
oh those dudes from 3GI are in it that explains so much
Have u watched Wonder over Yonder?
Its such a feel good show and the animation is great. I love lord hater
oops my mistake....there was [another article](http://www.medicaldaily.com/your-hipster-beard-may-have-more-fecal-matter-dirty-toilet-it-really-unhygienic-332002) that said beards are dirty and i thought it was making rounds again
Please talk to someone about your problems. Talk to someone at school, maybe a teacher or the principal. There are shelters for youth. I know its easy for me what to tell u what to do from a distance but please try to research services available for youth in your area.
Mhm and we still think we have some right to breed into infinity
I really hate how people can turn a social medium into something terrifying and shady. I fucking hate people like this so much. I have been gaming for years and i have made some life long friends from gaming and its great when stuff like that happens but when children get manipulated i have no sympathy for the manipulators
Is it wrong to think it looks fuzy and cute? But still i would stay far away from anything that is associated with wasps
I want to believe that archwinger ,like most of the active rpers, are all elaborate trolls trying to see who can convince most people of this insane view point.
ah i see, but you are doing a good job being his advocate and sticking by his side :) !
[hit up a local brewery](http://56.media.tumblr.com/f2caf05b9e8d971aff20627f3f44232a/tumblr_o1h75t0Fjv1r2x0d1o1_500.jpg)
I live in mississauga. We were famous for a bit because of our mayor
Some of these symptomps sound kind of like autism tbh. The social skills issue and being highly sensitive to certain sounds.
Sounds like you are having some paranoid delusions. Have you gone for therapy? I think CBT could help you
Are there any school counsellors? Have you tried talking to a teacher? It might be easier for you to write down your issues and hand it in to someone in the school like the principal or teacher.
The lack of social skills is the only thing that sounds like autism to me. Some of the extreme emotional outburts could also relate to it. Please dont take my word 100% i am not a professional i only do social service work and am not a therapist or psychologist. You need to speak to a professional about these symtpoms you can talk to your doctor and they can refer you to a psychotherapist
I still thinm its funny how they use the name Chad as a verb and are 100% serious when they use it
Yeah ? Do you also live in Ontario?
Oh and don't forget they said good and evil was 'scientifically proven'
I feel similar about getting a job in my career field. The field i am in doesnt have good pay but i do it bexause i love and it feels so good not to have to force myself to be in a field i hate and a job i hate just to feed some future brats.
Waa waa women wanna make games and be treated fairly!!!
Think about this for a second. A species that actively seeks out its own destruction can not survive and thrive.
Thats just one persons thoughts....if a man said the same thing about wanting to have a woman dominate his life are we then able to say AMALT? No because that is generalization. Maybe u are too dense to understand that EVERYONE is different regardless of ethnic background and sex and that we are not micro organisms reproducing from ourselves and are identicial.
It seems very wasteful to forcibly continue a species that wants to destroy itsself. Sounds like a lot of work.....their ideology is just beyond broken.
Another 12th demensial being spouting on about its insignificant problems. Hey us 11th dimensial beings have problems too quit using your prillege to waste tax payer dollars so some lower universe scum can be berrated through a 3rd dimensial chatting forum.
His sign said "Ş̭̫̪̜͍̽̀͗̎͋̃̀A͇̘̞̋͑ͯͣ͑͜͞F͇̟͕͔̳͈̲̳ͤͫ͌ͨ͑̄͠ͅR̻̰̗͚͚͇̥͖͔ͪͬ́̽̈ͪ̎̕͝Ḛ͉̳͔̎͆̏̑̉̅̚͠T̘͖̬̘̞̰̬ͧͣ̉ͤ͒ͩͦ̓ ̷͔̗̬͕̼̲͖̤͚͐̋̽͝T̸̘͉̥̲̱͌ͮͫ̾̎̈̈́̕H̷̨̠̬͚͉̠͖͐͂̽̈́̽Eͥ̅̃̔ͫ͛ͣͩ҉̸̺̞̬̬̞̟̫ ̧͔̘͇͔̋͛̓̊͋̾̚͞D̸̻̰̪͎͎̤ͨ̽ͯ͌͊̂̔ͅE̛͖̝̗͕ͧͣ̏ͫ̈͂͂̆͜͞V̸͕̘͇̖͔̲ͦ͐̈́ͮ̅̈̎̔ͭ͜O̞͎͖̪̥ͬ̽̌̐ͨͭ̑͐̕Ṷ̢̖͑̑R̢̳̹̼ͨͨ̿ͥ̀͗̿̚͞Ḛ̶ͮ̒̏̂̀́R̡̠͚̎̏̂ͩ̆ͥ̀̀ therapy services"
There are many other alternatives for energy consumption. Does no one care about how this affects the natives?? This is also 8.2 billion dollars.
Thank you
Assholes will always complain about PC shit or "Sjw" when they arent allowed to be total dicks. It has nothing to do with that. Its called being a decent human being
true, its hella annoying when people use straw man arguments to try and justify their shitty behavior or make it seem like they are being persecuted for not being able to act on their shitty behavior
sigh this is what i was like when i was an """eclectic neo-pagan''""
Ancaps arent anarchists and use the anarchist title to seem edgy and different
You cant be an anarchist and be for the systems that opress. They are still for privatization and the free market. These rely on state and capital which anarchism proposes to destroy
The market treats people and resources as a commodity and only values people for how much they can produce. There is nothing anarchist about supporting that
gotta say, its hilarious watching fafnir's dragon form being gobbled up by fenrir, he's too massive ;p
mmmm chocolate and raspberry :)
ikr? i don't see how someone stopping animated vids they made = game is dying? wtf??
This is like a sex worshipping cult
when is this being released??? i have been waiting forever
My boyfriend was sexually and physically abused as a child up until he was 11 years old. This caused serious trauma and learning issues as he was growing up (violent outbreaks, he was sort of a feral child for a time due to the severity of the abuse). He developed PTSD and he already suffered from a psychosis and bi-polar disorder. He grew up in a low income area and his mother was a drug user herself. His trauma also caused him to absolutely hate everything about himself. He ended up getting into all sorts of drugs because of family issues, ill coping mechanisms, trauma, no support etc. He also ended up living on the street for part of his life. He ended up going to jail and spent about 1 year in there. He was a completely broken man after jail, when I look at pictures of how he was in the past, he looks absolutely different than how he looks now. It took him a while to get clean and get out of his situation but he lived an incredibly difficult life and the abuse he went through was terrible, he resorted to drugs because he had nothing else and knew nothing else. I can absolutely tell you that jail did nothing for him but break him down and harden him. He did not deserve to be put through that, he needed help, support, and proper care. The system did nothing for him and he is almost 2 years clean but he did not deserve to be put in jail and punished for his actions. What he dealt with in jail and was forced to do causes him suicidal ideation which he still struggles with amongst everything else.
the dream ;-;
some of it is definitely failure for me, other times it's fear of loss which can be crippling.
Sigh and its terrible because you start to gas light yourself even though you know you are right :/
What about Super Star Destroyers?
You arent a therapist. You cant just profile this woman from an interaction like this especially when retold on the internet. Maybe there is something going on her life maybe there was something going on in the associates life. Who knows, regardless its no excuse to verbally abuse an associate. Not one day where i suffered from suicidal ideation did i want to take out my suffering on someone else...
[it is](http://www.the-athenaeum.org/art/full.php?ID=87100)
Lovely dog and lovely plants ❤ are you also a fan of /r/succulents?
imagine having HOURS of your work be smashed into pieces because of some entitled asshole.....
read my stuff? ill pay ya
wowee :) definitely favouriting this site, i gotta do more writing now so I can get you to read it haha.
I'd rather buy a parrot tbh
Welcome :D I remember when I was 16 and I was thinking to myself "oh boy one day I have to have kids :(" and then in that moment I realized I dont have to have a miserable life and do something I don't want to do and I was like "Oh yeah no I dont :) I can choose!"
i'd worship this plant
&gt;It's one of the reasons I'd never want to be pregnant Right?? sometimes i feel like an ass about how I act on my period, but this is like 10x worse. e.e
&gt; with the Runescape community what have they posted? lol
Fuck lol
Oh boy thank you for telling me!
he partied hard
oh my god, this reminds me of when I was in highschool (a catholic one) and one of the chaplains told us that our body doesn't actually belong to us. Lol, fuck....
&gt;He's a wonderful person, &gt;&gt;Tonight we had an argument. He is apparently dead set and unwilling to budge on having 4 kids, my own personal hell. how wonderful is he of a person if he is giving you a ultimatum and holding you hostage until you decide? You will do fine love, no man in this world is worth more than your own choices and life goals and happiness. You will become successful as fuck and watch him wither away in a landfill of diapers.
Im calling the police
i just think rocks are neat so i collect gem stones
This meme has been to hell and back
Iconic
Suicide Squad. What a boring shit show
i absolutely love hunky fat bacchus. some people are pissed about this but it's actually much more relevant to bacchus' lore....now if only cupid wasn't a cherub...
do not want them, never have wanted any. Don't have any amazing reason not to want them, I just have 0 interest in being a parent and I do not like the lifestyle at all. Not everyone is fit to be a parent or should be one because they can.
Drakan. Cool ass lady riding a dragon... I want more of this
i'm sorry i have allergies :(
this really hits home
similarly, hitting a child is never appropriate.
reasons why i need constant validation 101 lmao
Shit like this makes me wish this was how womens fashion is now and i can just go out and buy myself an outfit like this
/r/ofcoursethatexists
Lil moth friend does a switcheroo bamboozle
You have to remember some people playing the game are actually children (12-15 yrs old). Keeping in mind that some of the players may be younger than you makes me BM kinda funny and easier to deal with. This is just my opinion but there are actual kids playing this game that dont know how to behave. Mute them and move on but i do agree that the community needs to step up a bit. Most of my ranked games are full of salt.
&gt;she also set up this meal delivery thing, where she's asking her friends to sign up to bring her hot dinner every night for the first two months after the baby is born lmao wow go fuck yourself, if someone I knew did this, i'd laugh in their face. What an entitled shit show of a person
anyone who denies climate change
Ok but how do u just hold a cardinal?
Thank you
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ayy
i think it's arugula
i'd attempt to open that door for 50 bucks
it's the same thing with wolves really. People are afraid because of folk tales and misinformation, just like snakes.
It was a terrible time for me, got cheated on, mom lost her job, dad had a heart attack. I was fresh out of college, looking for jobs, full of anxiety. Had tons of panic attacks, parents were fighting a lot, ended up developing IBS from all this shit.
overpopulation is a serious issue
same, i'm more into animism and pantheism
even if thats true, it doesn't affect my life so i dont give a shit if someone wants to take HRT or whatever
went to school for social service work, my ultimate goal is to work with youth but i'm currently working in the medical field. I kind of like it here and I'm just floating around working and looking for new things to learn. I'm open to trying new jobs and roles, I like a bit of everything really.
Yea a lot of expensive coat companies had repair warranties and stuff like that so you can get it repaired and even replaced in some instances
Im so glad you are doing better! People really gotta learn to shut their goddamn mouths. Were they raised in a barn?!
Its more of a western view to think death/afterlife = evil
What i mean is like christianity/western. Greece is more mediterranian
Joined. Im so tired of people excusing racist squabble as a reason to discuss overpopulation. I dont like people using overpopulation as an excuse to be racist. I give a fuck about the earth not policing a racist agenda
Exactly. Charges can get dropped due to lack of evidence/ things not adding up
I have a rose incense that was like 5 bucks
Owning a house and land borders are not the same thing
This isnt the main issue though saving the earth is. Everyone seems to miss that point
I love her hair and shes so pretty, why is she doing this to herself? Smh
Im gonna vomit....nsfw pls
You have amazing skin
I have an entry level job with a well known insurance company. I basically do the same. Its low stress and pays decent. I really dont mind at all...better than being in dept from trying to sell garbage products
Keto coffee ??? Wtf...keto coffee would honestly just be black coffee no sugar or milk
I really dont want to see the inside of your fucking mouth
Right?? And whats worse is some of these women go outside in this makeup! Is it possible to die from second hand embarasment?
"Its all about the lips today" Honey, what lips?
IT starter pack
Thank you for blessing me with this post today
I hate the word girl boss so much
Who the fuck says prezzie
What the fuck? Lmao
/r/bossfight
saving this comment
I get what you are saying, but being a child in an over crowded family can be difficult. The kid may not have their own personal space, may get less attention, not having their needs and wants fully realized etc.
gods this is awesome!!
This is absoultely insane. Usually hospitals and health care centers have a no scent policy because some people can have bad reactions to scents
This looks like an ad for child abuse :(
Very clownish
This is like the nice guy of sales
What if they work in a gas station or at an oil rig?
fuck thank you so much for showing me this band!
Im a loser nerd who has a medieval wallhanger sword and i also own a german great helm. I love mounted weaponry.
Lmaoo ive had a dream i was at one of those huge mlm meeting convention and i was getting mad at everyone there
This made me so fucking angry....ugh im so sorry you had to deal with that shit
!redditsilver
Fucking thank you...yes coffee is already keto if u dont add all that shit! Coffee actually has anti oxidants too and you should only be having 1 cup a day if you are into keto
Legend says this man can go through any moshpit unharmed. He can even pass through a wall of death without even a scratch. Becareful, he is able to command the pit at will and the patches on his vest are collected from the unsuspecting victims of his moshpit domination.
Haha i love this community 😂😂
Rotting banana
/r/forbiddensnacks
/r/forbiddensnacks forbidden milkshake
Holding in a fart look
This movie is shit
Holy shit. I would never put this or any of their stuff on my face. I got dry sensitive skin so i gotta becareful. I shudder thinking what this would do to my face
Right? I love her shoes too
Edgy meme
Me too thanks
Fuck this reminds me of my trashy ex
Are you talking about crust punks? They are squatters into punk music. I do enjoy some bands in the crust subgenre but i no way associate with any crusties. My ex was a disgusting crusty. They tend to have dreads and just live on the streets. Some people do it out of style or because they have no choice and end up getting into drugs.
Hi, my shop is[ HeartofDiana](https://www.etsy.com/ca/shop/HeartOfDiana). I sell simple jewelry and some of my photography prints.
Honestly i think the original quote was "light yourself on fire and people will come from miles to watch you burn" i dont know the exact source of this but i love writing and found it ages ago
They are called oily bath pearls. Ive honestly been looking for some lol
My herblore level is only 33
Wow what a drama queen baby
Im currently reading Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee and i opened reddit to find this disaster
Nope in Toronto :)
They look like little pieces of corn. What type of spider is this?
Thats because toxic masculinity perpetuates this idea that you suck as a dude if you have not taken virginity from a woman. It comes down to viewing virginity as something precious which stems from women being viewed as property. In reality sex is something every creature experiences and enacts on. It isnt special, unique or life changing. I feel bad that men view sex as something that must be accomplished to secure their masculinity. But really its about that masculine dominence. Men hold eachother to some weird standards.
Lol :) oh no i'm shaking in my boots
Wish more inces understood this
Looking at this aged me by 10 years
This shit literally has the same colour payoff as cheap dollarstore halloween make up! It blows my mind
Whenever there is a break between bands playing at a show and they are playing music, whenever number of the beast comes on everyone loses their minds and sings along. Its just one of those songs.
Ahah they have corn in their name :) kinda cute. Maybe a little /r/forbiddensnack
This is from a tumblr post but yea "honestly v for vendetta was a left anarchist comic (and movie) with harsh critique on homophobia, islamophobia, torture, govt suppression of dissidents, and fascism/totalitarian govts and neckbeards fucking ruined it"
Aw i had hopes!:p
Please enlightment how having your genitals in someone elses is pinnacle human experience? Its just a biological action. Ive never been a super sexual person. Sex is just an act with someone else. There is so much more to do and experience in the world than fucking.
Then you are looking for intimacy? I never see it labeled as such, most incels seem very obsessed about shoving their genitals in someone else. Intimacy is more than sex though btw
???im just saying there is more to being intimate with someone than sex. Sex is just a by-product of intimacy. It shouldnt be your end goal or reason to be with someone.
And what makes you think you cant dude? Want to pm me ? i'll gladly listen to your frusturations. I went to college for social service work.
Dude the purpose of life isnt to reproduce. Life isnt such a narrow scope like that. We have the ability to reproduce but it isnt our purpose. Your life purpose is what ever you desire it to be. You are far from a failure for not reproducing. Reproduction is the most basic and simple thing ever! It's not the pinnacle of life. Thanks to our intellegence we can redefine our purpose. You have potential and passion and you are an individual before anything else. You are more than biological urges. There are so many things that make you who you are. Dont limit yourself like this. Its bound to make you suffer. Dont ever let anyone or even yourself tell you that you are a failure because you failed to do a biological act.
I have 0 desire to have children. I am not a failure :) you dont need to be defined by biological urges. Life is so much more complex
Hey man if people wanna ridicule you for not having sex then fuck them. They are not true friends and dont give a shit. Its nothing shameful. I dont think you are embarassing or a failure
Oh i read that wrong. Sorry im sick and just out if it lol
even my folks understand this. They love babies and kids, especially my mom she's crazy about babies. They had a date night together at a nice high end restaurant but they were disappointed that people didn't control their kids and the atmosphere was ruined by rowdy children.
Zesty meme
Zesty meme
Every single fucking time fgm is brought up. Someone needs to derail it with this. Ffs. Fgm is sooo much worse.
Same. Im into horror and scary shit and i listen to heavy music
TIL tinder is the basis for all human interaction
Uh why not live life? There is other things in the world than just being with someone
You cant know that for sure. Regardless there is an entire life a head of you and you are a person before anything else. Experience things and do stuff. Maybe volunteer? Youll find a lot of fullfillment in helping yourself and others.
I was giving a learning iron breaker some tips while i was playing some way stalker. Had to teach the little guy how to shield push enemies away and let him know hammer and shield is garbage compared to axe and shield. :) we still made it through. Im happy to teach anyone who needs help with iron breaker.
Yeah i got that too after trying to boot up again. Maybe server errors today?
Go take your big nipples back to r/braincells
Honestlyyyyy when i was younger i was so sad about not having someone and i waste time thinking and dealing with those dumb thoughts. My life got better when i realized there is soo much more to do in life an experience! I wanted to work with youth to help them prevent the mistakes I made.
Idk man have u ever been bed ridden for 2 weeks because of depression? I tried so much to get myself out of that by just "thinking" better. That didnt work lol
I dont need to pity people who put themselves in situations like this. This kind of thinking cause people in my city to die.
For a bunch of people who claim that sjw are opressing them, they sure like to whine, tell on other people and claim "bullying"
I really apologize for not reading thouroughly. It is a mood disorder and i do agree with what youre saying.
Omg from what i can see on her profile pic this hun has been posted on here many times. Idk her IG but i know ive seen her
There are like waaaayy beter serums for less.
W h a t
This is weirdly triggering. I was at a Slayer show not to long ago. Wtf is this abomination. Mix between slayer logo and guns n roses with a torch?
This is sooo juvenile! This is me in the 2nd grade lol
I swear she looks super familiar. I'll see if i can find a post of her on here when i get home
I cant dude. I'm focusing on healing abd saving up atm. I live in an expensive city. My sis didnt move out until 27 because she got married. Her and her hub dont even own a house yet. They live with her hub's dad since he's 70
I know. Im a lot better at it now. Used to be a lot worse when i was young but yea the idea of judgement just sucks sometimes.
yeah thats what i was thinking
God forbid there are people of colour in a movie about space with space wizards and aliens
Voltron almost got cancelled because the creators werent moving forward with a character ship in a show that some fans wanted. I think they sent death threats or some shit
Zesty meme
No they were hired for a job and did the job because they need money
Its a movie about fucking space wizards lmao. Chill
Yes it was that actually lol
Its funny how some americans complain about canadian stores not accepting US currency but from my experience not many US stores will even look at Canadian currency. They even didnt accept the canadian penny when it was around
Lmao yea there isnt any good supporting evidence that soy causes a hormonal imbalance
I bet ur like 16 or something lol
Oh fuck off. Im not gonna sit here and ignore those assholes when they caused deaths in my city. I have zero remorse or sympathy for them. They can spew all the bullshit and hate they want but i shouldnt because its not the "right" thing? Load of bull. These views and opinions are toxic and harmful and i will tell of any cancerous incel i see.
YO I JUST SAW THAT SLAYER SHOW. FINAL TOUR FAM! When is it for you?
Dont bring this incel shit into the metal community. Get lost. Goddamn what a bunch of twats
Me too thanks
Im not bullying and i am also not their therapist either. If they need help then they can go and get it. I dont owe them recovery. But if i see them spewing bullshit i will tell them to fuck off.
Me either comrade. I do own some knives though and a sword. Care to take up arms with swords?
Honestly. Make dresses and skirts socially acceptable for men again. It looks great too
Unfortunate that a fanbase in which they worship a movie that has space wizards and aliens cant handle women or women of colour in the movie. I do love the movies...but goddamn is that fanbase terrible
Comrade do u browse/r/inceltears?
Well he doesnt think to increase the universe or resources or provide better living situations. For him its just "lets just kill people lol"
This is the kind of discussion i was looking for. I love this sub
The the gaunt he has the ability to bend time, create multiple time lines, bend reality. He essentially has limitless power
He can change matter. So if he wanted he could change a moon into diamonds or something. He could create other planets which are livable and convert resources
Turn fash into bread. Good praxis
Ah so this is what happens if i listen to Fleshgod Apocalypse
It looks like youre grading homework
How do you know based on this picture and info?
Wow this sub hates anyone who is "different" lol
Im not vegan but i wouldnt date someone who is because i know it would be an issue for the both of us. There isnt anything wrong with wanting to be with someone with the same dietary/moral preferences
You are making a general asumption based off of her preferences. Ive met many kind people who are non binary and vegan. Dont be so generalizing
You are stilling stating that these people are insuferable based off of your own limited experiences with them. I just dont think that generalization is correct.
This moth is vogue af
&gt;No , I want a world where people having sex before marriage are shamed and ostracized (both male and female). Its never been like this in the history of the world ever. People have always been fucking out of wedlock for ever. Gay and queer people have existed forever. The nuclear family wasnt ever the standard. Get over it
Waa waa waaa im a sad baby because i never got my dick wet. Quit pulling fake statistics out of your arse and grow the fuck up
Source for everything you posted?
Its funny, even wolf heirarchy isnt based on alpha/beta. Wolf behaviour is more complex and we are learning many new things every day.
My bf is autistic and hes not a complete social degenerate who cant speak to women. Hes the one who initiated our interaction and was very charming. Stop blaming autism. You can be socially awkward/low self esteem and not have autism
Someone deepfry this pls
I really dont think you can diagnose someone with autism from that far. If you saw my posts when i was younger you could make the same assumption. Not everyone who is poor at social interaction or is oblivious is autistic. Im sure there are some of them are undiagnosed but i dont think its the majority of them
Hey question, do you have any already painted minifigures for sale? Im just looking for one for my desk at work
$300??? Ill take if for no more than 50 V bucks and an old shoe. /s
Anger is a secondary emotion. There is almost always something behind anger
As much as i get mad at incels. My heart breaks seeing a perfectly fine looking boy think he's subhuman because of that sub :/
Feminism was built on women having choice. Not destroying civilization. They just want the ability to choose what to do with their life and bodies
People seeing you as a threat is nothing compared to women being tortured and killed for rejecting men. Maybe you should see where this fear comes from first and have some sympathy
b o t t o m t e x t
Thats very true. My apologizes
Historically women have a reason to view men as a threat. Its not a personal attack on him
K
The feelings of opressors do not take precedence of the opressed. Women have history of being abused and opressed by men. Your fellings are not more valid than experiences from the opressed party. I have been threatened and sexually harassed by men. I have every right to be afraid of men you fuck wit. I dont give a goddamn about your feelings being a hurt because a woman thought your a creep. Women are harassed, raped and killed because they rejected a man. Go be pretend opressed somewhere else.
This is highly relatable. My depression convinced me i wasnt to be happy until specific things happened. Many times when i was younger i would think "if only i had someone to be with i could finally be happy." these negative intrusive thoughts held me back for a while and i was convinced i shouldnt be happy. Guess what. I got into a relationship out of desperation. It was toxic. And it was a taxing relationship too. He ended up cheating on me and after i stopped talking to him i had a major depressive episode. Being bedridden and all. Anyways. I decided to say fuck that. Have higher standards and take care of myself. I am in a wonderful relationship rn. My bf is my world and hes just my other half you know? Im 25 and even though i am in a happy relationship. Depression will still happen. It will always be something for me to manage and im getting a lot better at it.
And men also needed women to continue their lineage. Kings needed queens to pass down their genes. The world got wiser and realized that people are individuals with hopes and dreams and their biology does not define them.
w e l i v e i n a s o c i e t y
ain't nothing wrong with big guys ;)
She looks like a bag lady :/
Reminds me of the backgrounds in some of the games in Action 52
Im sorry but she made herself look a female Dawi (dwarf from warhammer)
fuck those are good prices for a mobile plan......
Canada is like one of the worst. I pay 50 a month for 2 gb.
I use Virgin, but they are essentially owned by Bell
Despacito
Do you ever read anything you type? its so fucking hillarious. Im dying of laughter. Youre like a bad cartoon villan
EvErY OnE oN InCeL TeArS iS a CuCk
Nah
Yea so this is why i keep a pocket knife on me at all times
Ah a quality argument
LMAO GUYS WHO THINK WOMEN USE MAKE UP FOR THEM HAHAHA. BITCH I DONT SPEND 50 DOLLARS ON FOUNDATION FOR U 💅💅💅
Drink bleach
Sure dude believe what you want. Good quality foundation is expensive and better for your skin. Charlotte Tilbury is an expensive brand and I like looking the best for myself. Ofcourse you will never understand that you sad fart of a human. Miss me with that pseudo knoweldge while i perfectly beat my face. 💅
Lol! Some people dont have the benefit of perfect skin and good quality make up does not clog your pores. Goodbye and fuck you
Same. I own that shit. Why yes i am a Bitch thank you
This exactly similar to the Malleus Maleficarum that dictated women were evil lustful creatures which is why they follow the devil and had to be persecuted for witchcraft. Men have been afraid of women forever
Good band name
This is by far the worst fucking thread i have seen on this sub. I am horrified
There is no significant difference between male and female brains http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2015/11/brains-men-and-women-aren-t-really-different-study-finds
Do u do anything to try to make society better?
I have some body spray that makes u shimmery. Want to borrow?
This guy got ticketed lmao https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.someecards.com/news/so-that-happened/update-guy-who-baked-cookies-to-look-like-iphone-so-he-could-annoy-cops-predictably-arrested/amp
Because u constantly complain that feminists dont do anything and ur sad and hurt. But do you actively try to do anything for the community ?
Fighting for equality is not sexism. But ok
Me too thanks
A state is inheritantely exploitative
Gray matter doesnt affect behaviour, interest or preferences. Didnt you read it at all?
&gt;Very few of the brains—between 0% and 8%—contained all male or all female structures. “There is no one type of male brain or female brain,” Joel says. &gt;So how to explain the idea that males and females seem to behave differently? That too may be a myth, Joel says. Her team analyzed two large datasets that evaluated highly gender stereotypical behaviors, such as playing video games, scrapbooking, or taking a bath. Individuals were just as variable for these measures: Only 0.1% of subjects displayed only stereotypically-male or only stereotypically-female behaviors. &gt;“There is no sense in talking about male nature and female nature,” Joel says. “There is no one person that has all the male characteristics and another person that has all the female characteristics. Or if they exist they are really, really rare to find.” While there may be slight differences in brain structure. It doesnt determine personality, behaviour , desires, interests etc. You have been trying to claim female behaviour is due to how different their brain is. But there is no significant evidence. Jackass. The brain structure is not the argument. The argument is behaviour due to different brains in males and females and the answer is no
The whole reason why u posted "but female and male brains!!!" is to some how prove a point that both sexes inheriantly act different because sex determines behaviour. Which is simply not true. Stop trying to change the subject. There is no significant proof of that at all.
This just highlights neurochemical difference and how men and women are affected by different illnesses.. Doesnt prove behaviour and how women go for chads more. It also doesnt prove that men are smarter than women. Miss me with your pseudo science.
Ive probably been playing video games longer than you boy
Why are men so afraid of women invading their spaces? Why are yall such cry babies?
Then perish
Awesome! I love good practical effects. Are you working on any other short films?
Source?
Y'all are not a protected minority. Your opression is a false delusion
"All women are bad" "...but all incels are not the same" Pathetic . you need better friends
Fuck off with your self righteous crap. You defend ppl who spew sexist shit
There is nothing close minded with getting upset over people who spew toxic bullshit. You and your "friends" are not the victim and stop trying to play one
Source?
Everything lol. Men can also sell their feet online wtf. What does that have to do with anything? People will pay for fetishes of all sorts of things. Doesnt mean everyone is going to do that to make money.
Oh shit i hold salvation between my legs. I am a GOD
Despacito
Dude no. Toxic bebaviour should be put on display and shamed. Im not here to help them. They gotta help themselves and figure it out. Would u say the same shit about ppl who post on /r/antimlm that they are just bullying people who are in bad financial decisons and they just need love and care? Fuck no. And fuck incel logic
Stop using autistic as an insult you ableist dick. Also shoddy youtube videos and your feelings do not prove the black pill you brick
U can do a very minimal contour but i agree. I like a little bit of highlighter cos i love the glow but i usually use foundation, setting powder, highlighter, eyeliner, mascara and a liquid lipstick. Thats it
Make this shitty behaviour known. Its why i put nazis on blast. They dont deserve to have their toxic thoughts private. It needs to be shamed and shown this is wrong and awful behaviour.
Honestly they dont understand anything about human behaviour. They simply do not want our help and im not gonna try waisting my time to "help" them
Lol youre pretty pathetic if your whole existence revolves around a few minutes of pleasure. News flash. It isnt our purpose to cum
It will make people aware of the situation and discourage this behaviour. I honestly dont care. My point is im not waisting my time and care on people who simply do not want it because their whole mentality revolves around their victim complex. Their opression is false and im not gonna give my energy to fake opressed people. I have other people to help
No one is bullying them omfg. They are not the fucking victims!!!! We are exposing their behaviour
K
I am nostalgic for the french revolution
Uhm i wanna leave this earth
Incels have killed ppl but ok
is there something going on at home that we should know about?
t h e s e s t a i r s g o u p d a w r i
Man its only 10am :( this post is too much
It looks like they used that shawl to pick up after their dog...
100% a spawn of hell here ;)
Stop taking internet comments personally and go outside
Shout out for unibroue. Amazing stuff
Same here....my appointment isnt until september. Gastro is so booked up. Im seeing a different one because the last doc was such an unsatisfactory experience
This person needs to be behind bars. These are not normal thoughts
Youre a fucking idiot but ok.
Why are men so afraid of women?
Nah
I love bigger guys. My bf is a chubby angel. I just find bigger guys to be so soft and cute like bears. Ive met a lot of sweet/funny big guys
Oh shut the fuck up
Can we make her the patron saint of this sub?
Blessed image
damn thats an ugly baby lol
I was lucky enough to see one of these amazing creatures in the wild :)
i think the lace is actually from a pair of socks theyre wearing? i could be wrong
Needs hops!
Finally someone else who understands. No offense op but I could shit out a poem like that in 2 seconds.
Lol
Wtf is divorce rape?
Depressed goth roastie could be me lmao. Hmmm might make this my new flair
Literally no one gives a shit if you're a virgin. And if they do just fucking pull up your big boy pants and ignore them.
i hate how they want to hijack trans issues with their bullshit made up nonsense
Yea. Things have improved as soon as I went on anti depressants. I'm on cipralex if you'd like to know
This but unironically
Shut the hell up lol
Can you fuck off?
Cry some more. Waa waaa
You're the one shitting yourself over some dumb ass internet cult
Like I care what some sad pathetic loser on the internet thinks of me lol.
Dude stop shitting yourself
I have ibs can I have 50 bucks?
Wtf is happening in that display? It's like primal monster hunter
I went to a catholic highschool and our Chaplin told all the girls that our bodies arent really ours and we are basically made to make babies for God. that's when I noped the hell out. That woke me up. This was a small school in Canada too.
ah so monster hunter, yes?
What the fuck does any of this stupid bullshit even say ? Lmao
It broke his little brain
Farting noises
Dude. You are not a fucking scientist. Shut up
No
Not yet 😏
It's not a joke tho. It's an insult
We just want u to shut up and stop bitching
We didnt drive a truck through a crowd in Toronto lol
Incels are absolute ableist trash
Everything they write is just word salad lol
A tube of Yves Saint Laurent lipstick starts at about 44 dollars
"Waa some girls were mean to me and now I hate them all". Dude like grow the fuck up. If someone doesn't like the way you look then move the fuck on. Brush it off and start a new day
Fuck I replied to the wrong person I am sorry
Mmm those are some tasty tears
You're not a victim and I'm just tired of incel logic and behaviour. Maybe those were just a shit group of girls. Doesn't mean you should generalize all of them. Also you shouldnt base your happiness on whether someone rejected you or not
It never was tbh
Pro lifers have cause the death of abortion doctors. They literally killed people. Pro life my ass
Being "sensitive and overthinking" reminds me of me when I was xtian. I used to pray and talk to God to calm me down. Turns out I have anxiety. Praying away my anxietal thoughts was so harmful. It made me feel like a crazy person. Idk how to explain it but I feel way more in control now
FEMALE SUPREMACISTS LMAO MY SIDES
Not rly tbh. You can have a fulfilling life without them
That's not what I was talking about.
🖕
You're a disgusting human being
No fuck you. Go away you creepy gross loser. Hope you get arrested
You're a fucking creep dude
Wolf is also a very expensive professional brand
We LITTERALLY tell people not to steal and murder so your point is fucking moot
Can you like fuck off?
We just want you to shut the fuck up
I do delight in the sadness of pedos, rapists, and violent misogynists.
Just because it still happens doesnt mean we shouldnt tell people to not do it.
Fuck pedos, rapists and violent misogynists. and fuck you for defending incels. Their emotions are nothing compared to victims of abuse etc
No you fool. This just excuses rapists. Once again it puts the blame on the victim. People get raped in all sorts of places. walking home/ subway/ friends house etc. Are you going to tell people that they should be wary all the fucking time and be super paranoid? Rapes dont just happen at clubs
🖕
Storage
My brother had a shit time at costco because the manager had a fucking hard on for his managerial power. He was a prick. My brother has an eye condition and needs special treatment. They gave him a hard time about it
Welcome to bath and body works
/s ?
The whole palette makes me irate so there's something they got right
i did my time, 6 years when i was younger. retail will make you jaded lol
Post hog
Ur opinion is wrong
Pathetic shitbag
I'd literally cut off their dick
I havent seen someone make a claim that women dont listen to metal in fucking years. He must be 16 or some shit
Guess I just imagined being bed ridden for 2 weeks 🤷‍♀️
this asshole trying to spin it as he gives a fuck about the environment
alexa play sweet home alabama
Can u go be a dumbass in your own sub?
Lmao this prick and his pokemon avatar
Fuck off
Part of this reminds me of my depressive poetry I used to write as a teen..I didnt know I had depression
I regret being afraid and ashamed of small things. :/ then again I was a kid/teen so a lot of things seem shameful or fearful. But the religious aspect really amped that
men groping their own weenies
im surprised how some of these are actually nice. there is actually a picture of a woman showing her tummy wearing a cardigan loll. i am actually digging [this](https://shop3130.com/collections/sweaters/products/catch-and-release-striped-chenillle-sweater) sweater but i wouldnt pay the price imo
New fear
Muh tinder
Good. Jokes like these arent funny and I'm glad its treated seriously
He should be tbh
Lmao they do not contribute to society at all and its hilarious that they think they are an essential pillar
They're a death cult
Oh God same. For her mental illness is caused by the devil and you just need to pray it away 🙄 my mom said jesus cured her anxiety and no he didnt i still see how her anxiety bothers her whether she believes it or not
thats fucking horrifying. i've had my share of debilitating panic attacks, i cant imagine how shitty that is
The obvious mysoginistic implications of women who have purses and wear make up = weak and shallow is very apparent in this post
Nope. History and evolution is not that black and white you simpleton
Fuck no I'm glad I live in this generation and dont have to pop out 13 children to help with the farm and watch some of them die of polio
This person deserves to die sad and alone
Wow edgy
This just proves how uneducated they are.
Lmaoo 😂 is this satire?
Pneumonia is so shitty I had "walking pneumonia" when I was 18 and then I spent 2 weeks recovering
The thing that's weird is I have totally been in that extreme loneliness position. I know what that feels like. But I've neve said "I want to rape men and all men are children" and call them moids or some shit
If you look at the top of the picture it states her location as France. Unfortunately younique has infiltrated Europe kinda recently so French women are getting roped in
It's sad because France is home to such superior products. My face creams are from yves rocher (produced in france) and I use their foundation and setting powder which is much cheaper and better than this crud
These pictures are the physical embodiment of a sigh tbh
i know the artist that made their logo at the top of the website, His name is Sean Aaberg, creator of PORK magazine. I'm personally part of the PORK army.
I understand some of these words
Lmao ok sure dude 👍
Personally my life has improved significantly from anti depressants. What do you think is the cause of mental illness? I'm genuinely interested. (Hope it doesnt come off snarky) mental illness runs in my family. I found rewiring my thoughts and behaviours also also helped me.
I had someone kick me because I didnt get enough kills :|
My depression has been with me for a very long time and I did not know..looking back when I was younger it was quite obvious. I was withdrawn, low interest/motivation, self harm etc. But my life was completely normal and happy. I have loving and supportive parents so I'm not sure where it came about with me. It excasterbated when I had a ton of shit happening in my life. My dad had a heart attack, i was cheated on, my mom lost her job etc. After all this hell stopped i was bed ridden for 2 weeks. Barely able to get up. All I did was sleep. I didnt even eat. It took me ages to get out of it. My negative thoughts permeated everything even though things in my life were improving so much (new job, healthy and loving relationship, more money. Etc.) Even though things were going good. My brain made everything a fucking struggle..depression can cause confusion and memory issues. I still deal with some memory issues. Also sometimes just physical pain from depression. It took me a while to realize I need meds. But what I mean by rewiring your brain is stopping negative thoughts. Thoughts about worthlessness or things falling apart for no reason. I tell myself "just because I think something doesnt mean it is true". Intrustive thoughts are so harmful at times and just because you feel like things are gonna fall apart doesnt mean it. Your brain is not you. All of this shit was a reaction to trauma. It fucked up my body and line of thinking. You can believe whatever you'd like to believe about society and I'm not going to stop you. But what I mean is rewiring your brain so that you can live without negative intrusive thoughts. Negative thoughts can feel so real and true but once again all it is is just a thought and nothing more. Having a "fuck it" attitude is hard to achieve but life is short and I'm not wasting time being negative. Instead I'm going to enjoy hobbies and my own time. My point is even though things were going well. My brain was still in a state of war. I feel that depression can definitely be caused by having a shitty life for sure. But it can also be caused by genetics and trauma. I'm not saying it's easier to recover from depression just because you haven't dealt with trauma. Depression is a sucky bitch. But I believe in you to over come this. There is so much in this world. There is more than the walls of society. You are a human being and capable of so much. Do you collect anything or play any games? If you have steam I will add you.
Imagine caring so much about some base primal act....literally everything on this planet fucks in one way or another. It's nothing special or amazing and it wont change your life.
Because it's easier to say "girls are crazy" than think about possible social issues which could have provoked this. People dont want to think. They like seeing thing as black and white
More tears pls 🥛
Virginity is a social construct. Fuck it lol
Ofcourse I wanted those things. That's the thing. depression will make things feel like shit even though life is going well. I'm super happy with my job and life status right now. It's only my depression that had me in this loop of confusion, doubt, sadness etc. I first had sex at 25. I never cared about it much. Imo it's just a base primal act and not very important to me. I dont want to have kids so I dont really care about sex. I dont find it special. Everything on this earth has some form of intercourse. It's just primal and basic and not a major event. It's a few minutes of pleasure and then whatever. However, the dates I have had with my boyfriend has been the best and most happiest ever. Better than the sex. I just wanna be able to explore life. We have intimate moments with eachother but experiencing life with someone is so much more enjoyable than any sex. I hope you can get that too. I dealt with sever loneliness when I was younger. I was fat, weird, and not attractive. I hated myself. I know you dont think that women can understand that pain. But trust me it was a big chunk of my life. I got bullied for my looks as well. The thing is. Helping to pay for others education and health care helps everyone in the long run. I care about making the world a better place and if you live on this planet you should to. I would reccomend you try some volunteering and meet people. Some of the kindest most wonderful people I have ever met have been volunteers. I cant add you on Facebook sorry. It's a little too private for me but I wish you the best. I'm sorry you had to deal with that with your father. I personally think that the family you create is stronger than biological family sometimes. family can really pick you apart even though they are supposed to love you unconditionally. Edit: just looking at your pictures from fb you are definitely a handsome dude btw
My mom does this shit to this day. It's why I had a problem opening up to people for a while
Do you have any pictures? :)
Your other cookies look very nice :)
This has too be satire. It's too fucking stupid..lmao holy shit
Lmao I'm 26 and happily childfree. Fight me incels
Shes mad her mocha drink has fucking mocha in it lmao
That's a whole lot of pseudo science nonsense u got there
/uj Dont women have better periphial vision and reaction time than men?
Imagine being so blind you think human society can only exist if some type of profit is involved
...what the fuck....I have no words for this fucker. When can we just game end trump?
He actually has been doing new stuff. It's all on youtube
/r/rareinsults
No need to make a large paragraph with big words. Just say you're an asshole and move on
/r/carbage
Do u need some help?
Most of them are. tails tend to be discarded and incinerated in the fur industry. I personally collect taxidermy, oddities, animal pelts etc. I have some real tails but tail butt plugs disgust me and I find it inconsiderate to the animal who died. I can tell you in particular this is a silver fox tail
There are also the "casual christians". they were brought up Christian but only go to church during the holidays. Will talk about aligning their chakras and their horoscopes but think gay people are going to hell. They dont really think about their faith. They just "accept" being Christian and never look past that. They're casually racist and homophobic as well.
The thing with people like you. Yall always post this huge philosophical arguments to back up how you act..normal people dont do this shit. You are just looking for fancy reasons to excuse your shittiness
G O O D F L E S H
oh god yes! this is basically my sister tbh
