And swearing when in pain helps you hurt less! *the more you know star flies by*
I'd cave in for a snake. I'm not 100% in love with snakes but they're cute enough I'd be willing to learn, esp if it was a smaller one like a corn snake.
The color morphs are a reason I brought up corn snakes, I was somewhere and saw an exhibit with like 15 different colors and they were all so pretty! I didn't know some of the colors even existed. I like the idea of a pet snake, I just haven't handled one enough to be comfortable with it yet.
Holy crap! Those are amazing, thank you :3
Awww little snek has tent made of silly green paper! Such a bright fellow &lt;3
Plot twist: dad comes back to haunt him/her from the grave, but only to mock them more
As a left-but-closer-to-middle-than-not person who is a government employee, she needs to go yesterday.
..... no. Do not want for that purpose. Other, nefarious things? maybe. That? no.
Yes it does. It can exist, so that people not of that time can look at it, and hopefully go: Back then, those people felt this way. But there are other ways to be, better ways to be. We have changed for the better, this art tells me that. If we destroy it all, if we erase all the hurtful words and ugly pictures that have ideas we don't like, how can the future look at the past and see this?
I don't want children and I can tell you that's child abuse. That's insane and torture to anything able to feel pain.
when I played, we were both. Is that evil? But I was almost always the one (no matter the class) that would get bored of talking and planning (everyone wanted to plan out things too much) and I would go wreck something or blast someone or sneak off or ... you get the point. I also tried to hug the wildlife a lot. It never worked out :&lt;
My barb would take out doors and keep going XD but he was a jumpy-chargy-axe-wielding maniac so that's to be expected.
The pro-natal 'pweashus buaybwee' crowd :s The younger you are, the more you can stand/sit on the floor at someone's house/ ect. I almost ripped my SiL a new one once because when I told her kids to get off the couch so I could sit down (there wasn't any more space to sit) she made my brother move over and had both of the kids come snuggle on the love seat with them so they didn't have to sit on our evil floor. That was clean. Gaaaaah /eyetwitch So instead they make the loveseat strain. I was going to say more but got the 'cut it out, no use' signal from my parents.
Op stating that they have Autism just helps to frame that they don't handle contact and conflict outside of their comfort zone well. It was information that was relevant to the story, as the kids violated OPs personal space.
Thank you, that's what I wanted to say but didn't have the information/facts to.
That's pretty hilarious. I unexpectedly laughed and now my coworkers are staring at me funny XD
Tom Cruise on Family Guy: You can't catch me gay thoughts! /runs away
This is going to sound odd but the thought of nice little old ladies enjoying the company of kittens is a beautiful thought. XD
World of Warcraft has its own site. Its a cesspool. And many of the community sites *can* be that way.
Sweet! I've wanted to do one but admittedly too lazy to chop it up in Photoshop. Now I don't have to &lt;3 Internet hugs!
the kid was hindering OP's ability to work somewhat, that's no good. Kids 'helping' shouldn't be making more work for people that aren't their parents/care takers/paid to deal with the mess.
ohhh I'm gonna try it your way, that sounds amazing.
Ahhh so cheesy good hahah
I think that qualifies as an instant 'kill me now please' scenario imo
Oh well in that case, theorize on XD
And to you as well, lol!
Its less tit for tat and more a balance of give and take, imo. If one person is always taking from the other, that's a bad relationship because the giver gets nothing out of it. Time, money, and emotions are precious commodities, and if I'm going to invest them in you, I expect to have a return on my investment. I'm actually in the process of ghosting out on a one sided friendship. Well, there was generosity with money but everything had to be at this other person's house, their way and there was no room for compromise, and my emotions were discarded. That's a bad friendship to me, so I'm not gonna put up with it anymore.
You see their boob, they give you a tattoo. Is that what your looking for? Incase your legit asking, tit for tat is a saying that's basically like "I'll give you a thing but you also give me a different thing in return."
I haven't yet but these two are having me on the edge of such.
I see a lot of hateful comments about tumblerinas and such as that. YMMV
I voted dem that day. I was out voted : /
'think of the children' probably got this man killed when we don't even know what his deal was. That's a scary attitude.
It was highly likely a false positive. There's probably a lot of substances that trick the scanner.
I have flown. Screw pat downs that feel like sexual assault. There's more efficient and effective uses of MY tax money to combat security issues over whats currently used.
'Grope those other people just not us!' Asshole.
It is. Running from the cops is dumb. Fighting the cops is dumb. But there were more of them than him, he only had the vest and the air soft gun, and there was no way he did anything remotely justifying deadly force. I added my edit after reading the article more to show that I had read it and not just commenting on the headline. Either way, this is pathetic on the cops part. Man broke a couple laws, but nothing they shoulda been 'fearing their lives' about.
Blizzard made the plague as part of the Lich King launch event. They then disabled it because of this. EDIT: I know I'm wrong, just didn't delete it b/c there's other comments now.
But no brain
Sorry for your loss. He looked very hot back in his day, and he had great tastes companions! I don't know if this photo encompasses the essence of your father to you, but overall its a lovely photo and regardless of if you use it or not, hang on to it. &lt;3 internet hugs for your difficult time.
He looks so fluffy and regal and .... I want to hug him lol.
Its mount floofleopolis!
Poor thing is sick (with illness not how it was born), I hope it gets better :&lt; I think the idea of using the dog as a therapy animal for trans-gendered persons is interesting but in the craze of trans-gendered persons, don't forget actual inter-sexed persons that do exist. Not that they're a persecuted or targeted group over anything else; but the dog could help them as well if used as a therapy animal. Edit: not sure why the downvotes? I can only guess 'craze of trans-gendered persons'. I am aware of the battles such folk face and support them some of them; it just seems because of Jenner a lot of good and bad attention has come to their issues as of late. Also seems like a hot topic thing along with gun violence/police, terrorists, and SJWs. Not my intent to offend.
The ag-gag laws disgust me. They got passed recently in NC, and I just hate it.
Its'all good /handshake
with certain preparation and cooking methods they would be but the average person wouldn't go to that effort/wouldn't know
its funny to watch people's reactions to realize that.
Did you go play kickball after 1.? Because I would be really tempted...
I didn't know about the Raleigh one. The more I know!
That's very upsetting to read. I used to drive through that area often to visit my grandmother in Danville, VA, and it always seemed to me that it was a shabby area in need of a facelift but I never realized it was that bad.
Could he be cremated, *then* his ashes put on a boat that is burned in a lake? Or is that also a nope?
Its not fun, happened to me in a sexual assault situation. My brain said 'scream! cry! run! do something!' and my body went 'nopecan'twon't'
'Mom, that's not where that's supposed to go.' Poor Leo looks understandably worried XD
that's hilariously evil. Also: I am an IT lady who can actually cook quiche since that's relevant XD
Log into the firewall and block facebook, youtube, pandora, and netflicks. Watch the campus burn.
Not really ocd but very meticulous and beautiful in its own way.
Aw kitty looks so surprised! That's adorable X3
Depends on what they are raised with. I've seen different pics of lions/tigers hanging out with dogs of various sizes before. If the big cat hangs out with little kittles all its life, it might be okay for them to hang out and get along. Not the same, but as an aside for size difference: Our horse loves cats and other small animals. He's really gentle and likes to lip at them a bit. Only ever had one cat that liked it, the other two hate it, and our chihuahua isn't fond either. But Buddy grew up with barn cats, and had one in particular that hung out with him and slept on his back so he likes seeing small animals and if he sees them around he is more careful with his big hooves.
That is so heart warming and sweet :3
Do you mind giving any light details? Nothing overly nsfw as this isn't labeled as such but I'm curious....
What's so sad about it, is that America as a country doesn't have as much of a rich, documented history as other places. And incidents like this just destroy and undermine what history we do have. There's plenty of rocks in other places.
Which reminds me, I need to find my Canada buddies from wow. They were fun! And defied the 'normal' Canadian sterotypes really. Except for being very polite, lol.
the news the other night said you had betters odds of getting struck by lightning WHILE drowning than winning. Which I was amused by.
Interesting! Thank you for sharing! Note to self: Suicide watch in prison/jail sounds 1000x worse than normal prison/jail
I look at it like South Park: Everything is equally fair game!
The grave is probably on private property so probably something something vandalizing private property?
That's amaaaazing lol.
Its a 2015 and not a 2016? Fuck you mom! I hate my life! AUGH! ANGST!
Jokes on you, rapture happened during maintenance :&lt;
fresh, crusty sourdough bread. /drool
Oh I agree, overweight critters need help. Sometimes people just don't make clear enough distinctions in their speech and I wonder if the person who said 'fat cat problems' meant their animal is truly overweight or was just talking about having a 'large' cat.
I need to do #1 more, lately my friends haven't been on my ark server and a pair decided to start hanging out on a different server most of the time, so logging in to be alone has kinda gutted me a little. Been trying to play other games instead :s
Jakku? That place is garbage!
the ports make me cry sad tears of sadness. Sad. Tears. Sadness.
Right!? Looks like a mini exoskeleton. Slap that in a dark hallway and give it a jump scare, and you have my new most scary Five Nights enemy /shudders.
There's no right or wrong answer here. Some people would 'step up' and do it, some can't or won't.
*heavy breathing* /s Yea that's so weird... does no one think they're sharing with paedos or something? Or that people without scruples wouldn't use the pics for nefarious things?
'I feel meh' 'Why?' 'I dunno.' 'stop it!' '..... what part of depression makes you think that's a magic button!?'
I got a free cupcake, soda and chips at work today, they were all green XD I can relate!
the people that make the game look pretty are not the same people that work on npc/player interactions, quests, and mechanics especially in places like Bethesda with large enough staff to have different people handle everything. We can have it all if they would try to give it to us, but they want to streamline it instead. I'm not a published gamemaker but I've studied the industry and am educated in game design. Even if I weren't, anyone can look at anything with a critical eye and say what does or doesn't work and give feedback without being a whiny snot about it and be helpful and productive to the community.
I think the baby and the mom's foreheads make contact and you see who has the harder head.
A place to strap down pet beds/extra stuff/groceries?
That sounds so nice and awesome. I wish dealers and manufactures in the US did that.
depends on what you do. I have a ford Ranger and my parents have a GMC Acadia, both get used to haul animal feeds, the Acadia gets used to do grocery and SAMs shopping and some furniture and lumber shopping. My truck is used for hay, lumber, composted horse poop (amazing fertilizer), recycling (big loads at a time), mulch, and anything else that's too big or messy for the Acadia.
Blizz only released that patch because they knew I started playing Grim Dawn /grumbles Stop stalking me blizzy!
I never played a lot of megaman, but I knew just enough to immediately go: huh, that's megaman sounding XD
a d3 mmo would be interesting, but it won't happen. But in the realm of dreaming: Yea, a M rated-gritty, grim, game that fleshes out chars, maybe has humans, and some weaker-than-their-normal kinds of races to be (I like choices other than human but that's just me) like maybe lesser angel, lesser demon, ect. You can follow the named Class Characters from D3 per Heroes of the Storm, Diablo/Demons or whatever the remnants of the angels are up to as factions, but all races get to choose.
Maybe. It don't bother me though, I know at the end of the day one friend is still my bff even if we disagree on this point (she wants everyone to be friends forever and doesn't want to recognize that some friendships need to die) and the other has become a more distant friend anyway because he isolates himself to be with his girlfriend (self imposed, the girl likes hanging out with us) That's so annoying though that they can be so charming! Because the blimey bastard is! Took me butting heads with him over DnD and some other things to wake up to what he really is.
Oh that's a good point too! If its in an mmo, its gonna be sexualized. Even the little tarutaru kid looking things from Final Fantasy 11/14 get that treatment (I Noped out of that corner of the internet when I stumbled into it @__@)
My best friend with a pre-order of Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess HD with Wolf Link/Minda Amiibo.... well... I'm hosed, I'm pretty sure she can beat me up and my weapon is not helpful!
'fight' ;0
Well... this one worked out well for you XD
well its probably heavy so you could whack his head with it?
Someone read my palm in highschool and said I'd have 3 kids, 5 grandkids and be a rich old lady. They're wrong on all accounts. Although I wouldn't mind being a rich old lady...
Cancer, stop taking great people at 69. Do it at 96. NO WAIT.... do it at like 106. 136. Never? I'm just.... worried about Betty White now D:
sweet! Looks like my gpu is supported (gtx660ti) so saved and gonna try at home to see what it'll do. Will try to remember to report back when I do it.
And what kind of SuperMom would I be if I didn't get my angelkins whut she waaaaants!?
that was my thought too. I quite like the idea.
as IT staff, thank you :3
But what about when I scrape my knee and I need to clean it? :&lt;
I get what you mean :) I think dragon is fine, if you looked at a skeleton of it, it would look very similar to a standard type dragon save for the head honestly. Just feathering a dragon can change the look of it a lot, and I think its really cool to have feathery types too! Reminds me of a dragon drawing book I saw once that had scaly, feathery, and poofy furry dragons and it was very interesting to see them all contrasted.
I know right?
That better kill me because if I knew who did it, I'd kill them if I were alive. Having said that, I'd come back to haunt them until they died unless they were also immortal.
I know a couple people in my small town looking to do EMS. Raleigh or Charolotte would be your best bets or near those areas for better jobs and pay. I know the area I'm in just north of the Durham area doesn't have that much open atm, there are some private EMS folks but part time is about all that's being offered from what I hear my friends talk about. Chapel Hill would also be a good area to look because UNC is there, and its very close to Durham and fairly close to Greensboro and Raleigh.
I'd say try the larger areas, I live out more in the country and there's less opportunity it seems like. A few months ago my buddy talked to someone from one of Wake County's hospitals and they do a fair amount of hiring, pretty sure they'd have at least private transport if not fully private ems.
Ark + Final Fantasy VI Open world, building, taming (but uh, shorter), crafting of Ark. Characters, story, Physical world, gear, magic, creatures of FFVI. Tame a dragon? Sure Make a steampunk castle? Why not? Wait! Tame a Magitek armor then run roughshod over Kefka with it? HELL YEA. (Along with the dragon, and I guess supporting party members? and whatever else is laying around the cool steampunk castle) Or maybe the armor would be crafted from parts from killing them in the wild? Ok that part's fuzzy, lol.
Awww, maybe your cavalier is just reserved XD the new friend looks so happy though. They are both adorable little fluffy guys.
Diesel is so adorable! I love the coloring on him/her (guessing him?) and just the expression on their face.
I want to hug the both of them! The black one has such piercing eyes and the Belgian looking breed in the back is just so fluffy.
I dunno :S I went to best buy first and it said out of stock but people are saying they got it there today so I guess the internet wants to be jerks to us!
Some people should never reproduce. He obviously proved to be one as he let a flaky teen girl sway him to allegedly kill his own son. The article stats he was jealous over the kid as well. Unfortunate the mother didn't get a chance to keep her son or anything, but she hasn't spoken up so we don't know her end of the situation it seems. (as far as their arrangements before hand and such)
&gt; Land of the free! *terms and conditions apply
I love the Belgian breeds I just get them mixed up XD Shepard; the m one and there's one more? But I love the dogs like that, they're so pretty and have such character!
Nice XD
Raven gets a little chilly so I put him in doggy clothes sometimes. I really think he's adorable in this sweater. For anyone curious, he does have an eye growth. I have an appointment for him about it. He'll probably have to have surgery for it, its the second one on that eye he's had; he had the same thing happen last year. Just want to answer that question/comment before it happens.
So you can go see her and throw a rock at her for us collectively, right?
Awww yeaaaaa!
That's a really neat effect! I love it XD
I did this to my best friend once... I can't even remember what I dreamed, but it was so real to me at the time that I was upset almost all day. I talked with her about it and we had a laugh but its creepy how real the dream felt and the resulting anger/upsetness I woke up with.
Wow. If the person that wrote this walked up to me and said all that, I don't think I'd be able to not react unpleasantly. Or I'd sincerely wish someone would stuff a tube up his arse and let a wild pack of beavers chew out his rectum.
Its lovely and sums it all up pretty damn good! And the background is quite interesting too. The only issue I have with the background is that in a very few places the white text and the beige color kinda blend a little and makes parts of it harder to read but that's just a really nit picky thing.
Using only the finest catgut and horsehair?
So true, I was the surprise that started forming 4 months after my mom had my sister.
That is sad. My parents made jokes like that, but they are both retired now, and seem really happy! My dad basically had separation anxiety from her from the time they became close (she told me she'd kill me for saying this next bit but she don't know how to reddit) He even used to cry when she would leave for work. He's got depression among other issues and does better now, but despite anything else, they really love each other and like being together be it doing house work, going to town for groceries. Or doing something that horrified me because it caught me off guard the other week: listening to old music and slow dancing in the living room. I mean, its good to have a little time apart if you need to sometimes, but yea I think its sad if you can't handle a few weeks with more than normal amounts of time with your SO.
Its okay, they're zombeavers, so not the same as normal beavers.
My brother got a girl pregnant at that age, my mother helped arrange and pay for it without letting HER parents know! At least that's the impression I got years later when hearing about it, it happened when I was 3.
Truth. She went on to marry someone else besides my bro and she has like .... 3 or 4 kids now? My bro had a bad habit of sticking his stuff in places and not uh... taking enough precautions. He has children on several continents now thanks to being in the Army. And of course he ends up with a thundercunt SiL and 2 annoying ass kids.
I'm frightened of guns and you said triggered, reported!
I'd crawl in it to make a point. Well, in theory. In practice I would con another adult to lol.
I was going to say this but you beat me to it! XD
I think there's two types of millennials: normal people and people that try to exemplify the short comings of of their generation. I'm the former and loathe the latter.
if they know about it for months, they can save for months instead of at the last moment like they probably tend to
that implies they're independent pests that need to be dealt with, we can call exterminators for that, right?
Right? It feels weird. Full cgi movie would have been amazing.
Its okay, Leeroy brought his own!
Graaaah! Get that Dude and give me his table!
But but... cosmic rays is how you get super powers :S
Why not both? ;)
Freedom! /bounces away
not many, I have anxiety and I am... the opposite of skinny u.u
Yes, yes he did :)
I'm in Roxboro, snow capitol of the Piedmont region. Local weather shows my area getting some mystical amount between 3 and 12 inches, lol.
if I get 3 feet in my NC town, I'll be out of work for a week but town will get back to rights within a day or two. Working for a school, I get snow days XD
Maybe no one can spell her name the same way and that's why? I only say that because it could be the reason.
Nala is so freaking adorable in every pic XD give her a big hug from Reddit :3 ...after you clean up that dirty, dirty face, hehe
He looks like the tiniest, wisest Jedi. Sorry, Yoda.
I have a white short hair, I have to keep my work clothes in a closet in another room to keep his hair off them XD and of course the time he wants to sit in my lap the most is when I'm in work clothes about to leave. The time I babysitted Fluffy, a fairly good copy of Pepe here, there were tumbleweeds of his fluff everywhere. We actually shaved his belly and legs to lessen that XD
Poor foreground kitty, I think that one got uppers instead /hugs for foreground kitty
So cute! Those piercing blue eyes are such a great contrast to the shot, too.
So cute, although the angle and the sweater make the one dog look like it has a super duper long neck XD
Holy cow that's scary to hear about from your mom.
Too much money involved on their end. Otherwise I would, if things were handled more fairly. I have A- blood, no fear of needles, and decent veins. Although I did volunteer for the school's pathology students to stick me, I got stuck in each arm. Was interesting and kinda fun in the weirdest way.
wibbly wobbly, timy wimy?
It had a cloaking device. I'm just a smart ass but I am actually interested as well. Although would the size and distance of the orbit have anything to do with it?
Oh that makes sense, thank you!
The coastal state that's the REAL home of the first flight of a plane by the Wright Brothers ;)
That duckling is so cute at speed walking!
I like what you propose here. And yea, I was confused when the giga came out and it was so fast, the dossier made it sound lumbering and hella slow. I think something close to the changes you suggest would be amazing, and it makes sense to have nonfighter dinos be the ones that are siege animals and need protection in a raid situation.
That you find science interesting, esp at a crime scene!
.... &lt;3! That is best Gronk, I didn't know I liked him until this picture, lol. Thank you X3
I like the comic-y vibe it lends to the piece but I can see where some might not find it appealing.
Awww cute babies! I'm a sucker for a pair of black and white kittles, as my boys are a pair like that.
He or she just needs a green and gold collar :)
YES. Is anyone in here a TV exec? Because this would so work.
Aw, Parrot, you ARE a pretty bird &lt;3
Oh my! Chip is so adorable~ Glad you and your new buddy are so happy together! I love the look of his ears and how he has a fur ruff, he has personality it seems like :)
He looks so regal and patient, and then there's just this Trumpee on his head. Its just amazing. And many of these comments are great too. Bless you, Mewster Trump.
Oh jeeze, all the milk and bread will be gone up in Roxboro. XD Joking aside, thank you for this! Interesting to see what other sources are saying besides the normal ones I use.
Aw, so sweet! My white one is better about it than my black one, but yea he comes and lets me hug an cuddle the crap out of him when I'm upset or sick. Cats also make the best hot water bottles
That's amazing looking, I love how the lights form an almost halo effect around the mountain. Thank you for posting!
came to make that joke, already here. Good. /nods in satisfaction
Man I love those stairs. I used to do ramps or ladders, neither of which pulled off what I wanted to do most of the time. Much happier with those stairs.
For profit healthcare and insurance, what could go wrong?
I'm glad you got help for your wife's issues, I truly am. But if things were run more honestly, I'm sure her bills would have been much lower in the first place. Having said that, I hope she continues to do better.
hospitals will also upcharge procedures willy nilly. While my mother still worked as a respitory therapist, they got a new doc who seemed to order a ton of EKGs more than all the others did. Before the new doc was around, an EKG was like 1-200 or something like that. Or for my example, lets pretend that cost makes sense if it don't. After just that one guy started ordering so many, MANY of which WERE NOT NEEDED, the hospital big wigs decided to set the cost of an EKG to 800. Not just big pharma and insurance companies screwing us over.
I work at a Community College in IT, even on that small scale its like being David fighting Goliath to get infrastructure upgraded before it goes to pot. We have 15 year old servers getting ready to go down any time, and people wanna take the money out of our budget for things they should pay for like projectors. The infighting over money to do anything is insane, and I imagine only gets worse the more macro the level is.
I want something more cutting and less family oriented for commentary. But yea, kinda like that but more... edgy? Bob Saget being the real Bob on that show would have been hilarious.
Aye. My mom had a few health issues but ultimately she retired at the end of 2014 because a company was buying out her hospital and she hated the small changes taking place. My brother still works there in a diff department, he updates her on what goes on as far as the take over goes, and she stands by that she's glad she left when she did. They not only nickle and dime patients to death but also jip non-Administrative or doctor employees as well quite often. Modest bonuses at Christmas and turkeys at Thanksgiving were reduced to just a 50$ Pretaxed Board of Commerce voucher, so after taxes it wasn't even worth the full amount given. Positions cut or just not filled. No feeling that the Board, I mean, the COMPANY that owns the hospital gives a real shit about anything but the $.
It's disheartening to hear stories like this and so many others, I hope in the future you two are able to find better providers /internet hugs
I'll have to check that out
They were the target demographic of the article?
if you add like a couple teaspoons of sugar, it'd cut the sharpness of the tomatoes as well. I do it when making sketti sauce, you don't get a sweet taste at all and helps cut down on time taken if your in a time bind.
Nasa's funding came at a price. There was something shady hanging on the back of the bill. I can't remember what it was at the time, but it was hinky as hell.
I'm pretty sure if Texas sided with PP, they were innocent!
Just having the feathers, even if you picked it up off the ground, is like a 10k fine unless you are a native american with the right paperwork for the individual feather if I recall correctly.
in addition to what Fatburg said, other services like Amazon might swoop in and fill the gap Walmart left before the small businesses can even get their feet off the ground again.
When I got a smart phone instead of just a smrt phone, I told myself I was never ever putting facebook on it, or using facebook at work. And I barely look at it on my pc at home. Sometimes I just look at it for funny pics, but then I see something that irritates me and ... why the hell haven't I deleted it yet @__@
I'm just amusing is name is Incognito. . . hope the game is a good one!
wow. . . that's very messed up
so they're basically saying no sex until 2018? bleh
Your son sounds very mild on the spectrum. There are people who suffer, and whose entire family, suffers greatly and has little normal quality of life. Likely people like that would be more likely to seek out a cure. There's a difference between a little different and 'can't function on a normal level at all and needs 24/7 supervision for a lifetime'
Limit with reasonable consideration sure, but the kids are there as part of their survival/human shield kinda set up I'm sure. Not everything can be 'because children' or things can't function, like trying to handle this situation. Its all hypothetical at this point anyway, I'd rather this idiocy come to an end peaceably myself.
I relate to you in some ways I think. I've never liked being a girl, I've never been girly. I literally hate my uterus because of reproduction, and the issues its given me that are medical and have nothing to do with me reproducing. I hate being suck with this thing that I'll never use and makes me sick but will have a hard time getting rid of. Oh, and don't forget how breasts are another defining feature of our gender. I'd be happy without mine too. I draw sometimes, I had a (former now, thank the gods) friend tell me I didn't draw women with big enough boobs and so they weren't attractive enough. Just... ugh.
True dat!
I actually kinda like that. Might name one of my dinos in Ark that XD
Saqueisha, Maximilian-Talen, Jaerith, Kiwi, Keannie
Tell her to use Fuji instead XD
I wish that always worked. Some people just don't want to unify against narc bullshit &gt; &lt; /sorry having my own difficulties in that exact area
the kids wrote on your walls? Damn, those kids suck! Sorry they scared you :&lt; My fam would have been out there chasing fuckers off XD (we did Halloween at my grandparents house every year, with my aunts and uncles there so there were a lot of us around to keep an eye on any dodgy lookin punks)
the point where they can cure it in the womb that easily is probably a point where gene editing and designer babies is happening and probably at or past a point where things would get dicy anyway.
A kind of flytrap A voodoo Lilly; it could be planted and grown to keep Wild dinos away from an area with its bad smell Cockatrice- mythical beast that could temporarily stun victims with its stare Giant praying mantis -- rideable and causes bleed damage when its claws hit; has good jump too
Thank you :3
Cowards. 'We got a cause! Dis our lands!' days later 'oh shit they ain't letting us get our way, lets sneak away under the cover of night, ya'll'
Hey! Don't blame video games on that guys delusions. The drivel he's peddling got nothing to do with Mario, Zelda, Master Chief, an all that.
Saying random town versus random ranger station insinuates different things though. A whole town under the threat of occupation by ANY group of armed thugs would be a huge deal and dealt with much differently than this situation. I understand the point your trying to make but use a better set up please.
You parent! Thank you! Unfortunately, the ban is aimed at so many who don't, and the same kinds of parents that don't mind their kids also don't mind causing scenes.
I spent 3 hours at one when I graduated college. We had appetizers, drinks, entrees, dessert. Listened to the band, talked. Not hard to do in some situations.
Animals have sense enough to not shit where they eat if possible.
Babysitter. Babysitter is the magic word you are looking for.
You guys have great coca-cola cake btw, lol. Well, I like most of the food I eat there but I like that cake best. Not relevant to the topic, just wanted to say that X3
That sounds a bit entitled. Most places try but its not a law requirement.
I am like a food-aggressive dog over my food. At places like Wendy's, Mc'Ds, ect, I figure out what order is mine and stand with the tray because I don't trust non-employee people with my food &lt; . &lt; Things like this story is why!
That's so cute X) He's just encouraging you to use the bathroom faster so you can go back to having a good time together.
And 3 wouldn't be enough dna to clone and repopulate a species either, I'm guessing, due to genetic diversity issues. Sad day for the giant turtles though. I hope the last few remaining ones have a decent quality of life : /
That just means you and this handsome fellow have a lot in common ;)
.... well there's another game I have to buy soon (Along with Lego Avengers, because I love Avengers &lt; . &lt; ) It looks both calming and adorable. It looks like a decent early access game, which do have a bad rep but some are really great. I love Ark, its also early access but worth the money. Back to the point, this game looks adorable as all get out and yea there goes my 20$ lol.
I think that Corgi is revving up for something. I can't wait to see how fast he is once he's done.
Ok, I'm a herp derp here. How do you get the other arm bone to stay visible? I lack this knowledge.
I'm all bloaty and nasty feeling from some GI issues atm. If its even slightly like having a pregnancy, which I suspect its a very mildly little bit like, no thanks. I feel gross and fat(ter) and I have something in me that I can't get out atm. And this is a temporary problem! I have this uncomfortable feeling in my abdomen and its driving me nuts! Before anyone asks, no, I can't be oopsie'd because you have to get near semen to do that!
Thank you!!! \\O.O\\
I was confused, then I laughed so hard! Thank you X3
Maybe the eagle vision was the spirits of the Native Americans he pissed off leading him into a trap. I don't speak for any Natives, but the Eagle is an important symbol and I don't see why he'd try to say anything it. I know not realistic, but just a musing I had.
That is a sound plan /nods
Exactly lol.
I just tell people I don't do free work :p
*facepalm* People so dumb. I love your rattie Char there, they are gorgeous.
Those are amazing, 7 is my fave. Hairyhowlies... teehee
Oh, the people that talk to me must be cheap asses then, I never get that offer lol
Right?! My first thought too.
Can you get Zika again after getting it the first time though? If it bounces around, it could be worse than professionals are anticipating slightly or that could be part of what is worrying folks. Although I agree, there are totally people who are flipping out needlessly as they do with anything. (I'm no med professional and don't study how these things work, just thinking about it like a cold, you can get it more than once. Feel free to set me straight)
/nods slowly
as long as you aren't looking to have kids any time soon, you personally are fine, just see a doc if you have any weird fevers.
Well the skeeter in the US thats most likely to become a carrier of it doesn't have a range in Canada I don't think.
oh gawd
I.... I was totally expecting that to be a comedy. Did not expect srs.
No, LoL makes people violent and rage-filled. I'm a meek woman. LoL will make me curse like a sailor and slam keyboards. I had to quit before I broke something.
Well German Dungeon Porn is superior, you know.
bonus points if its dimly uplit
Doing it for the blind = cool Mounting it on the wall like a trophy as a sighted person = strange Imagine those kids as teens. 'God mom, put my creepy fetus face away! DONT SHOW IT TO MY FRIENDS GOD DAMMIT'
My case is weird but my dad's had 3 and is only 57. Granted, heavy steroid use for a stomach condition kinda fucked up his bones. One hip wore out so they had to replace it, hence 3. Both of his had been replaced by age 45
(is trying to throw bucket of upvotes at this)
You and your kittles are adorable! Hope the sickly one feels better soon!
Ohhh sense this is making now.
eee Invader Zim &lt;3
Giant Microbes has plague inc plushes. Well that's one thing in my life I didn't know I needed until I saw it XD
Not unless your a newly preggers woman.
Its nothing bad for an adult but microcephaly is bad for trying to raise kids. Physically and mentally deficient people likely to lead short, potentially painful lives that will also likely be dependent on others to help them their entire lives. Like many things, the symptoms are a bit of a spectrum but the general prognosis is not good.
Childfree folks are in the clear. Men are fine. The only real concern seems to be in areas with a Dengue? fever that the symptoms can be confused for and treatment not sought in time for.
Holy crap yes, roflmao. That'd actually be an amazing application. Or for anyone who knows Fnaf, paint one to look like the crying child.
This is beautiful! I can see the love and dedication in every stitch. I like the choice to have the 3 Mario 'evolution' so to speak on there at once, as like a mini timeline. I like that there's a lot going on without feeling like its too much.
XD I'm dying from laughing over here.
No probs! Everyone is mostly focused on the Microcephaly part but rarely elaborate a lot on what they really mean. Lots of folks are trolls but sometimes good to give folks the benefit of the doubt :)
Whoever Deleted is, is a douch-canoe then!
I must be sheltered, I was like 20 before I knew what it was. I mean, I loved furry related things since I was able to remember stuff because Ninja Turtles and the animated Robin Hood were my fav things growing up
True I forgot about that ep, lol.
My bff and I do this often. When it's among other friends they assume it's serious but it's not, the spat plays out and were fine after. Many folks, including my parents, call us an old married couple lol Sorry shot typing on mobile
He's amazingly expressive! He looks like the dog I used to play on as a baby. Thanks for sharing him with us!
I like Applebees... got some dank pretzels and cheese dip last time I hit it up!
You forgot vore and like half a million other things.
There's porn of you making this statement, somewhere! note- likely in some really weird alternate universe I bet, because I can't wrap my head around it otherwise.
Ah, ye good ol' Reddit Circular Jerkulars...
mind..... blown.... ...giggity
If they didn't say Prime I would assume regular.
roflmao! YES
Yo I got half a futon you can have instead, aight?
Seems like about the same level of worthwhile global accomplishment :P
Glad to hear your story, it reminds me of my mother. She was a respiratory therapist for 35+ years (I loose count) and she never got drawn into the emotional parts of what people were doing or feeling but she had a ton of empathy and could react to whatever she needed to do. She even worked on babies that passed and such, and while it hit her hard emotionally, she didn't let how she felt overlap much into performing her job.
He wouldn't wanna let you he was uhhappy even if he was. He's about to be saddled with TWINS. Even if he skips out on Hoe-bag McCheatyLady, he's stuck paying child support in doubles for 18 years. He's got a financial prison sentence either way! And you have a shiny new, certified CF man who is a way better fit. Odds are, the only thing she was better at than you, was being willing to uh.. take it up the bum like he wanted.
That's how I knew I couldn't be medical, seeing the gory kind of stuff doesn't bother me but my emotions are hard for me to control. And thank you for the compliment for my mom! I have so much respect for folks who do their jobs well in that field. Between my mom and my good friend, I know how slack-about or cruddy people can be in the medical field.
Only pregnant woman worry about passing on Microcephaly. Everyone can be afflicted with Chronic arthritis!
/runs around in small circles screaming my head off Nope, too many. Have all the nope I have for that many of the buggy vampires.
True, lol. Puppy's got that youngin' a.d.d. thing going on.
I want to see how MCU does the horse man. It'd be so interesting.
He's not my fav but I'm very much looking forward to seeing his movie! (My fav might be in it! .... and Black Panther is harboring my fav, hahaha..)
Howard Stark: Hydra's not gonna come after you with a pocket knife Bucky: *tries to stab Steve with pocket knives several times* Steve: God dammit Howard....
The only difference is Clint and Scott were consenting adults to the situation; Peter and Wanda weren't. But you are correct otherwise.
That last one kinda hurt.
Don't you do it! Don't you do it!
I think Ragnarok is going to cut out the main elements that made the first two more lacking: JANE! They had no chemistry and their interactions were boring to me every time. I loved Thor interacting with everyone else. but anything with her sucked. Thor + Loki = Great! Gimme more! Both movies would have done well to focus more on the botherly relationship aspect and Thor's fall and stuff and not the romance. I know its a part of his comic lore, but cutting back on her importance and beefing up other elements would have served the first two solo films better IMO. . . . Also I'm the kind of person that wanted more Darcy/him to love Darcy not Jane. But that's my two cents. I'd be happy with no love interest stuff going on at all. Sif is acceptable if Ragnarok is gonna go down that fox hole, she's badass and awesome.
Cap wasn't being goody at the end though... he was breaking rules, busting skulls, and proving he would do *whatever* it took to help and save Bucky. He seemed on the verge of critically maiming or killing Tony too, but brought himself back off that edge. Tony wondered about a man without a dark side. Bucky in danger and under threat IS Steve's dark side.
I've been confused because I was like: 'Does Chris know that much about cars? I thought I'd of heard more about him being on American Top Gear' because him hosting British made no sense to me. Well, this solves a mystery. My friend will be happy, she is still recovering from HydraGate and didn't want a reason to be sad about the lovable squishy that is Chris Evans....the living embodiment of MCU Cap.
About the suit- I mean before he hit the reactor. I could be wrong, it was an argument made I saw elsewhere and hadn't considered before. Steve's actions are kinda reckless, it just turns out to all end up okay as you point out. I agree on the Accords 100%; government tape would tie their hands to the point of inaction and Steve has already seen the flaws in letting corruptible bodies of whatever run the show esp when they start out doing stuff like placing Wanda on house arrest. He can't do his job and operate under those restrictions. Tony is forever Tony Stank to me. He has no other name.
Easy there, killer
Just because there are many sad things does not diminish the sadness of this instance of sadness.
poignant and true; I had a minor 2 week battle with Vicodin(that wasn't mine) that taught me the truth of your words and how I don't want to follow that path. Even though I didn't go in deep, it took months before I could shake it off and its been a few years but sometimes I still want the pills again.
What are things that made me burst out laughing in the office for 1000$?
Hmmmm I was a July 4th wank kid. *'Murica*
It really depends on your perspective. Some folks have more issues with the emotional aftermath because pregnancy hormones can kinda hold you captive and make you doubt yourself even though you know for sure its what you want to do and you don't want go through with it.
And my mother tells me its a shame I don't wear it *laughs then frowns*
You don't need fertilization to lay though, and the places where they lay the eggs are often not the same as where they breed them. The eggs you buy in a store are not fertilized.
Semi-related: Every time a fly or other insect lands on my ear, I freak the fuck out. Or tries to go in my nostril. Or lands in my drink. Or touches me. well, just flies for the touching me. They're gross little bastards. I try not to think about how many insect parts per bar my chocolate has. Or any of my food. Much like my view on hotdogs: Better not to consider it!!!
Not meeee!
Yep, I have chickens at home and have to wash the eggs. Sometimes the poo is really stuck on there = =
Yea but you simply don't grind up a couple males out of thousands. It's horrible but /shrug
I love how much fun they have. Anthony Mackie and Sebastian Stan interviews are hilarious.
That's not a real sarco, its not going ham on everything in sight.
Be careful what mods you pick up, I had a mod that got taken off the workshop suddenly and all the mats I had were gone. It happens but it SUCKS
Not far enough. TWO LEGOS! Two... tiny... clear...legos.... I had a cast from the armpits down when I was 3. I got a lego and 2 crayons stuck down it, and cries for 2 days until my parents figured out why I was so upset. (Reason for the cast was that my hip had just kinda... slipped outta joint. Like, whoops there I go! weee)
You're among my fav lady agents next to Black Widow and Melinda may. You think dirty XD
Yea, I don't want any phase 4 announcements until after IW 2 drops lol. Otherwise its literally spoilers!
Jeff, uh, finds a way. *ducks tomatoes*
Oh jeeze yea... I can't imagine dealing with that shit today. My hip was just a bad one, when I was less than 1, it came out and they fixed it the first time. I didn't have trouble walking but I couldn't run worth shit at 3; when my dad was having an ortho app his doc noticed I walked funny and xrayed me for free and saw the dislocated hip. I still remember him just telling me to run up and down the hall to watch how I did. .... And at 31, I still can't run worth shit! Haha. As for the Lego, my parents were so upset and frustrated they couldn't figure out what was wrong with me and I couldn't/didn't have sense enough to tell them. Once mom admitted it made her cry a couple times. They finally ended up hauling me off to the Drs. and found the offending objects. That was still not as traumatizing as cutting the cast off. The saw scared the bajezus outta me and I have a scar on my knee where it nicked me (My mother insisted it wouldn't scar over, she's a smart woman but she's not 100% ya know?)
Forgive me Kevin, I was celebrating my mother's birthday XD
When I was little I had a great Uncle but I only ever called him uncle. I was kinda too derpy to wrap my kid brain around the great concept. RIP Uncle Judy.
Mennonites: I don't know much about them except there's a bakery run by them an hour from my house and it has some damn good food omg. I will happily drive an hour just to have the soup, sandwich, and cookies to take home.
Suffer as we have!!!! .... I kid! Be thankful that you can likely skip to 242.3 lol.
I think fortitude should play a role in diminishing your chances of getting the disease at all. Say, if you put 30% of player levels in Fort or something, you are immune (or whatever value you want to pick as the immune point) and back it down from there. Each disease can have its own immunity point, and it can affect the disease at multiple points: initial contraction, chance of retention on death (small though, so spamming death isn't useful), chance of spreading to others
Aw, thanks, that's sweet of you :3
I can't see today. I thought it said a Vasectomy AND a tuba. ..... But regardless of what I thought I saw, I agree. Being over covered is better than being under for this kinda thang.
Oh geeze o O I wouldn't mess with a stallion. Our horse is a lazy gelding, he just had bad manners in my case. Ooowwwwwww that makes my wrist hurt like a mug though!
Wilmington area of North Carolina, actually :3 Well, slightly in SC but mostly NC XD
As Barney Fife would say: Nip it, Nip it in the bud!
Man I love pitcher plants
I recently learned that 20% of coal ash (or some component of coal ash, memory a little fuzzy) in the state is stored in my area... well... according to local papers. It'd be pretty damn nice to have it cleaned up instead of bailing out these assholes.
I'm imagining Bucky in a grey hoodie with white and tan spots now. With ears. And a tail. Looks like a silly joke but then the action starts and the bad guy that laughs at him gets his larynx broken first.
True that. Its annoying to work him sometimes but then I think about how it'd be to have a hot headed one and I calm myself and go back to doing whatever it takes to get him to trot on the lunge lol.
Because they loooove the way you smell and want to be all up in that biz. My Raven kitty used to do that all the time. He'd sleep on my dirty laundry, clean laundry, coats, blankets...anything that smelled like me.
Aw, such a cute grumpy-puss. Maybe they just wanted to come inside for a sip of water. And *your soul*
Bless you for a Gravity Falls reference *hugs you*
Oh god lol. That is horrifying XD
*Steve makes confused faces*
Awww lol
A must for any self respecting snow kitty
Gorgeous!
*Steve starts a civil war with dog people *
Thor+Loki+Bruce/Hulk = I'm sorry, no matter how dark it is, there's gonna be some scenery chewing and humor going on in there. Bruce has sarcasm. Loki's a bag of cats in his head and just can't help himself. 'Press it gently.' 'I AM PRESSING IT GENTLY' *later on* Ta daaaa And then Thor... is just bemusing sometimes. I hope the overall tone of the movie is dark, grim, and serious and scary. But you gotta punch things up just a little. Because these guys aren't established to be like Matt Murdoch. Loki squeaks funny if you pound him into the pavement. Bruce mixes sarcasm and dark humor even into serious conversation. Thor just communicates a little differently sometimes.
Peggy did move on but they had a highly emotional, just not physical, sort of romantic relationship. They both had to mourn and move on from it in their respective times.
*hits you with a newspaper*
Got back late last night from a beach weekend. Power went off and messed up my alarm. When I found out, I did this to my pillow, considered calling in sick to work lol.
He just needs some time and some hugs and give him the god damned plums and lets stop chasing him around like a hunted animal and *Tony you better knock that shit off or so help me....*
That's evil!
I'm female but I'll play your game. Ahem... Demand an abortion or push her down the stairs. Run away to another country. Replace all her candy with plan Bs. Anything to prevent the 8 pits of hell from being born. Sharpen my coat hangers. Ain't no 8 potatoes gonna get saddled on my feathery hide!
Give my parents my banking info, make them swear to take good care of my cat because he's already lost his brother and now he'd be loosing me. Hang out with them and my best friend. Cry a lot. Write out a will of some kind. Enjoy the gardens around the house before I go.
I'm not OP but one that a lot of folks don't know is that to get eggs, you don't need a rooster at all! Hens will start laying without the help of a male, and just keep going. A good rooster is nice to have though, he helps protect and watch over the flock. Our current rooster, Stimpy, is not aggressive to people and good about calling the girls over to anything he finds and even won't take treats like mealworms for himself.
Right? Every time my alarm goes off, this pic fully encompasses how I feel. Meanwhile, my actual cat sits on my desk softly mewing and crying for breakfast, oblivious to my suffering!
That's depressing because Misha seems like such a nice person.
Nah, I find it entertaining to pop over and see the Daredevil posts myself XD My sympathies on the bad half of your fanbase fucking up your show though :&lt;
That's just sad. Entitled shitheads are bad people, no matter the fandom : / If I got the chance to meet Misha (I'm not even a big supernatural fan, but I see his stuff on Pinterest a lot anyway and think he's a good person), I'd be so nice and courteous if I met him, or any famous person! I met the lead singer of Third Eye Blind on Monday for like 10 seconds and while I lacked chill, I did make sure to say thank you at least twice, lol. (There was a barrier, no touchy)
Actually in many cases the child will receive aid their entire lives depending on severity of the handicaps.
well they lick themselves all the time so cutting off the hair gets away the dried spit!.... that's just me taking a wild guess but it makes sense to me.
&gt; "If my taco does that I just throw it ~~off the bed~~ *in my mouth*." FTFY ;)
That's.... just hilarious.
Then we agree to disagree.
given the timing, its entirely possible!
I'm cis and honestly the term breeder was in my internal lexicon before I knew much about lgbtq or childfree stuff. But it does kinda make me happy knowing its a legit term in circles and refers to the same thing it does in my head before I saw it other places. (I know I'm not the demographic of the question asked but I wanted to inject my 2 copper)
why not both /shrugs
Incidentally, my third viewing was on Monday at a better quality theater (it has IMax screens but sadly TMNT was using them = =) and I noticed that myself. I hate what Zemo did, but he's an amazing character. And so sad. He really was just letting go of everything at that scene until T'Challa stopped him. Now, he is a much as ghost as Bucky.
But the voice....
But with plums. May or may not be riskier.
Ask him to pick something, so he gets to have fun with it!
I keep spamming my best friend with pics of him from anything really. She's very patient but occasionally reminds me that there's other things on Pinterest besides stuff about Sebastian/Bucky. Answer: No, there's really not... unless its about food.
Oh she's my person for that, she just mocks me about my Bucky obsession lol.
Fair nuff!
AHHHHH!
Shit, you can land it on the lower walls and climb up as you build! Maybe? Either way, sounds like yes, it will help building fo sho
Spacuits!
Please add Darcy T-T she's okay!
Maybe not a series, but her having a cameo on Agents of shield having this conversation with May and Skye(She will always be skye to me dammit) and maybe Maria Hill about Thor's arms would be amazing.
Pedro Pascal as Doctor Strange was what I was hoping for when the film was announced. I was kinda heart broken when Bejaminbutton Comburspoon was confirmed. I'm sure the Brit will do a great job but I really really really wanted Pedro to do it :(
Uh, Scott Lang? He's a regular dude, I'm a regular gal. He doesn't have powers so much as a fancy suit. I'd hang with cousin Scott and Luis and maybe handle his social media accounts and help keep him outta jail. Hard question since nobody is from North Carolina, lol.
XD I wasn't sure if you were or not, sometimes is hard to tell on the interwebs.
Shark bait, ooo ha ha !
Thanks for the reply! Ugh, I hate the wet end of the toy thing so much! Its so gross, lol. Puppy bites suck because its like being bitten with razor blades made of sharpened sea shells. At least the puppy bites they grow out of. The sobbery toy thing is a forever issue!!!
I like it! Its just awkwardly out of the way for me to go there on lunch break often :s I'm too lazy to drive to that end of town, lol. Although I might today.... (unless I go ham and cruse even further away to Taco Hell)
*Grumpy cat face* Good
I love the glorious chest floof! Your first animal looks to be a lovely one, and one I personally love. (I'm a fan of black cats, and they are so often overlooked at shelters and the like :( )
I'd rub that belly, daaaww
[UNDEROOS!](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a2/c0/0d/a2c00ddd15b7b43697f5a8683b4c22d6.jpg)
I like how he took the biggest one on the plate XD
I'm so sorry for your pain. Its a perfect and terrible example of what I mean and why anyone defending what happened with the ruling is just ... I dunno. Foolish? Delusional? Wrong? Something. Certainly not right.
Oh yes, how could I forget how much puppers and kittles love the warm lol.
Yeaa... had to climb outta that cesspool. Hello /r/uncensorednews! Hope my stay with you is filled with news that is neither censored nor watered down for my safety!
I didn't watch stuff like that at theaters but I watched it at home and watched the X Files and that had some creepy shit. I'd get upset at stuff and my mom would tell me either avert my eyes or go in my room. But eventually I got over it and watched it all with her, lol.
Damn. Eerily similar circumstances then, eh? : /
But he's a guy so they do make some things harder, right?
Washinton DC: *just throws a rock at his head from 10ft away then disappears, but that was actually Natasha because she's sick of all this shit by now*
Well put! Stuff in the movie can involve him but him being in it shouldn't be all that long on screen, maybe 10-15 mins at the most for something impactful but nothing overshadowing T'Challa and the other characters being built up for Wakandaland.
Well put! Stuff in the movie can involve him but him being in it shouldn't be all that long on screen, maybe 10-15 mins at the most for something impactful but nothing overshadowing T'Challa and the other characters being built up for Wakandaland.
Yes! XD
I like it XD I'm so spoiled to it though, when I travel I take two pillows with me to go with the always flat hotel ones. My head pillows are some kind of gel memory foam stuff I got at Sams Club for like 20 bucks once and I love them.
He wasn't right about everything!
If you believe in the bible. There's....other texts...with....other ideas!
I'm an adult and didn't get that. Whoopsie!
wow those look amazing and I want to eat them.
Maybe its gonna be tested/worked out in there before taken to base game?
equiphagy! .... I have no idea I just made it up since it sounded opposite lol
that'd be great to have on a headstone
I'm not ashamed to say I kinda liked it. But I'm not hard to please and Terry Crews gave me giggles.
Emma's the sexy cameraman that takes reaction shots of herself?
Right? They should give us credit where credit is due.
That'...sounds very unhealthy.
do eet!
31 and I still love a well timed one XD
lol
*hangs head in shame* I should have googled it *sobs*
Thanks Queseda...er.... Miyamoto!
Dammit. Well... now I know what I want for my birthday, that coincidentally is in March.
I'm naughty because I am usually on the computer before bed, but I've at least changed my phone to use the setting that changes the light from blue to orange, I barely notice it change anymore to the nightmode and its easier on the eyes.
Oh god the feels from those comics. I sobbed the first time I read them because it was me so hard. Fridge corn, man. Fridge corn. She is also where the 'All the things!' meme came from; Allie Brosh is fantastic.
Holy crap its the Jewish version of a friend of mine o O Now I'm weird-ed out, no matter where I go, I see Blaine. Gonna call it Blainespotting. New sport. That's funny as hell though.
[Bravo](http://i.imgur.com/0mKXcg1.gif?noredirect)
Rofl I pulled a tribble out of my shower drain the other week. Curse of long, thick hair XD
Oh man that's insanely gross. I couldn't have lived with that.
Because no one enforces it, sadly. We need to hold people accountable and have non religious, non lawyers run for office and vote them in.
People who want *MAXIMUM PROFITS* don't want to treat it like a utility.
Eh..uh...eh... *sweats* *sweats more* *quietly hides in a hole*
They wouldn't have been the only team/the whole team. Even if they were somehow in a larger sized city, I'm sure they can borrow swat from another precinct or some other arrangement.
I love these! Nick and Nora are so witty and funny, and Asta is adorable.
I remember reading the book in school, I don't know if I could watch the movie. There was a particular passage about horses dying that has always stuck with me.
talking about anything from the past like that you have to keep in mind the times relative to things like sexism, casual racism, ect.
Eeeeewwww 5. I'm so sorry dear.
I will rip the heads off some gummy worms when I get home in 20 mins. Will think of you &lt;3
Oh ew yea... nasty uh
Yea but as far as that goes, Coulson found out where Loki's staff was for Hill so that the Avengers could go get it.
I know but still. In the over reaching fabric of everything, Coulson privately found it for Hill who then turned over the location to them. Avengers don't know that Hill wasn't the one that found it, just that her sources did.
He's an idiot that wants attention; and now he'll have all the attention he wants from FBI and all the other alphabet agencies.
Yea... something about holy men and not being able to respect the bodies of the people they're supposed to protect the souls of, am I right?
Selective Services should apply to all Americans of age and health. Maybe make smarter decisions about going to war and all, then you won't have to worry about getting daughters killed instead of sons.
No, its okay though, because she's not white. See how that works? */s*
In the Avengers movie, Loki and Thor have a strained and odd brotherly relationship. It amounts to: Loki being an emotionally upset little shit who's adopted, and Thor being a headstrong bro that eventually evens out to not be a dumb ass as much. Loki isn't fond of storms because they usually mean Thor and in the moment in the movie he's talking about it, he's about to get snatched off a plane and men in costumes fight over him after Thor gives him a stern talking at.
or afford to
If you haven't, you should post this to /aww because your kitty is so precious! She's beautifully marked and her pose and large eyes just round it out to be the most adorable thing. I hope you gave her plenty of love after this pic, it looks like she's hamming it up for some. XD
Or get a cat named Chicken. That'd be funny too.
Man I love all the dialogue.
Noooo Eddie :(
Do not test me, metal man!!!
awwwww!
I'm only helpdesk but when I watch tv and they do anything with computers I point out how wrong it is and my parents sigh at me. Its revenge though, I grew up with my mother pointing out all the stuff wrong in any medical scene because she was a respiratory therapist.
I don't watch the show. This makes me sad in my heart of hearts to hear. I don't think I'll watch it now, though, because I don't want to support the assassination of my favorite house. *Justice for Dorne!*
Yes! That was my childhood! Anything that has medical equipment or people sick or dying and my mom does that shit. Although since I can do it some with tech back now, she's mellowed out. Scrubs made me happy though, she didn't like it as a show but the few eps she did watch, she had much less issue with than other shows XD Meanwhile my poor dad sits back and says shit like: I wish ya'lld both shut the fuck up (lol)
I get the impression the new show is not remotely in quality like the old one was. Sadness.
Yea because we'd get benefits AND still not have kids XD
Seems to depend on what you're seeing. I've seen Third Eye Blind twice, one show had no kids, the other had very few but it was at a beach festival. Saw Of Monsters and Men on Wednesday, and there were a surprising amount of sprats. At least at first...then the rain and lightning hit, and an hour delay. Saw a lot less of them after the delay, lol. Glad your event was kid free and fun thought :D Concerts are great!!!!
I don't enjoy other people's kids. I don't particularly even like my niece and nephew, although I can tolerate my nephew in small doses since he's gotten older. Emphasis on small. When he gets older (he's 10) and less whiny and bratty he'll be more fun to talk to and stuff, but anything under like 13-15 gets on my nerves too much.
Yes. Exactly. You and I are on the same page here.
me either, I have the ashes of my cat, I would think it'd be easy and legal to just let me do it..
That's fantastic! Your wife is great and glad you two are such great CF partners :P
Not even James Cameron can raise that bar out of the ocean!
Traditions can be examined, judged good or bad, and changed. Doing something because its the way you've always done it is a good way to become stagnant.
I'm glad to hear your story; this is how being faced with such things should be instead of what reality is in America (most of America, I know Oregon and maybe a couple others are exception but I live far from these places): waiting to waste away in pain and possible dementia. I have always been in favor of right to die laws, it just makes me happy to hear such a nice story connected to it. It bothers me that I can choose to end my pet's suffering but not my own.
I'm torn honestly. People should be able to do what they want with their devices, sure. But on the other hand, why the hell are you going to a live event if all your gonna do is record the entire thing and not pay attention to the show? I've been to two concerts recently, at both there were so many phones it was annoying to me. At times I had difficulty moving around and finding a place to stand to get a view that didn't have some jackass holding the phone up over everyone's heads and ruining the view.
Oh my bad lol. And you're welcome! Glad to be of service :) Thank you for indulging me and helping!
I'm gonna have to use that philosophy now! I love Bob Ross, watching him as a little kid was one of my favorite things and the man had such a soothing voice.
Just, ya know, DLC.
That's what I love about watching him on screen. I mean, yea, I think he's handsome and attractive, but the man has such nuance its crazy. His whole body acts a scene. His whole face. To use Civil War as an example, he makes interesting faces at times like when being chased by T'Challa but they're expressions of real emotion. When the Black Panther claws narrowly miss his face and plunge into the concrete wall, his eyes are wide and mouth is open, showing his teeth. Correct me if I'm wrong, but that's a sign of both aggression and fear. It makes for a funny still but I've thought about the scene and those are very legit faces to make if some whackadoodle jumps outta nowhere and chases you with *very sharp claws* and all you wanted to do today was get some damn plums.
I always felt empathy for the angels in that regard. I'd be pissed too if I were them! All the things the angels do for God and he gets all obsessy over some little pissant mortals that die easy and disrespect him and everything. Its pretty beat up.
Its... Ok you didn't even read the article. It's anti-LGBT pro-religion law because people can deny serving gay weddings on 'religious grounds'. If I had my own business, I'd deny bigots on religious grounds. Or people that look funny. Or anything petty that I felt like that day to make people upset. Because apparently *in this country* religious grounds is about the most powerful damn thing.
There's unstable people everywhere. I'm the most unstable person I know and I'm 98% straight.
Be glad. I'd gladly have the offending organ removed immediately if possible.
Oh wow. That's... awful doesn't seem like a strong enough word. Parents should know this shit and hear these kinds of stories but nah, they'd rather just keep blasting the pics on social media with no controls on and assume everyone is not using their kids like festish porn material... I'm sorry your image has been/is used in that way.
and the not-good-enough person on the other end of the date
That's fantastic!
Ugh I hate dishes. I don't even like putting them in the dish washer XD I'll do some of the crappy stuff like empty mouse traps... Side note: I live at home, am female. Somehow it became my job to empty mouse traps. WTF, parents? I cook, I sometimes clean. Whatever. Just... don't....make...me....do...dishes....
I've been interested in hedgies and sugar gliders for years, I've yet to meet either in person yet! I wanted them as pets but I've realized I'm too lazy for them. I do better with cats, lol.
Oh really? I've been misled!
lol! Cas is the best. Silly little powerful goofball.
[Raaaaaaaah](http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/moist/moist.jpg) Note: I don't care enough to tell other people what to do, just enough to complain to friends that in turn harass me about it. But its okay, I get them about other stuff.
Bill of Rights is starting to feel like the rules on the barn in animal farm. . .
Man, I was watching Food Network last night and saw pecan pie made with Burbon and Bacon. MMmmm man I want some of that shit.
Looks like that strict integration ain't workin' so well lately.
They want us to rest in peace and we'd love to send them some bombs?
that'd be great! That way it could adjust to inclines and length and shit without breaking so bad. Just have a maximum length to which it will tether or whatever and it'd be golden.
Does not compute, need a banana for scale.
Drop Bears
Huh, I did not know that. Very interesting factoid!
They go big or go home. GRAND THEFT AUTO BABY!
Child labor laws.
I'm sure you're a nice person but... *fuck you for suggesting that take it back right now okay? For the love of all that is good and pure in this world U.U*
My Cousin Vinny isn't my most fav of movies but I'll watch it anyway because I do love the courtroom scene at the end with the woman talking about the cars. It does happen to be one of my mother's favorite movies in the world. Pulp Fiction is just amazing lol.
That's just like, your opinion man.
Studies show owning a ladder is more dangerous that a loaded gun. That's why I own ten guns, just in case some fool tries to sneak in here with a ladder.
I blame Scrubs for my love of this song.
That movie was amazing. I didn't realize he was the one that did it and played the froofy vampire until I read the article. I loved everything about it.
As a former WoW player (PvE for Wow and for Ark) its a bit frustrating to see things changed up for PvP when it fucks over PvE so hard :(
I do. I also blame the company that moved to Mexico. And Mexico for being more appealing to businesses. And Obama. And Dinkleburg. But mostly the US Government and Businesses. I just don't trust more governments to work together to be good for the peoples of all of them.
The cat is adorable anyway, but this habit is just too much! Kitty really loves your partner's clothes X3 I love the main pic with the over the shoulder look. Like some kind of model.
I had a little black kitty that grew up to a great companion named Raven. He was a great kitty. So I suggest that name with some bias, lol. No matter what you choose, hope you and kitty are happy together.
That's fantastic! Wish I could hug him, haha.
Have you tried turning it off and on again, and then... **PRAISING THE OMNISSIAH!?**
I want Terry to be JJJ anyway but your post is amazing and I love it.
But the thread is about CAKE!
There's an option to not install battleeye at all and to not be bothered by it again. I haven't ever installed it and I play Ark nightly; I can understand the want to not support it thought. I asked the host of the dedicated server I play on to not turn it on.
BUT WHY!?
Why Why in her thigh?
Not as good as number 1 son though.
@ your last sentence, I already do that without kids, I don't need help XD
the other plant is some kind of palm it looks like. In case you were wondering for the future, lol.
But cutest
My boys used to do this all the time! They'd curl up together like a yin-yang or the white brother would lay his head on the black one. Or just used him as a pillow. It was so cute.
Its a pain in the arse to deal with though. My nurse buddy had to treat a non English speaking TB patient the other night, while also treating other viral and surgical recovery patients (He works in oncology). I got several texts about 'putting on the damn suit' and I told my mom (she used to work as a respiratory therapist) and she detailed to me just how much of a pain in the ass taking care of TB patients is. She was glade in her 30 years of work she managed to not have to care for a TB patient.
Well, I am and you are and everyone else around here that's American. And Floridians even more so.
it was a microagression, right?
Poor people *will* spend that money on tickets but instead of casually spending the money, they might have to save for longer to afford the tickets or go into more debt to buy them.
I'd even throw a 'oh, honey' in front of that, lol.
If you aim to make the over sensitive happy, NO ONE WILL EVER BE HAPPY AGAIN.
I misread that so badly and thought you put 'I slow clap to my slap chop 3x a day' .... either one is amusing!
Sure, you going up?
It'd be the funniest thing.
Rocky Horror Tim Curry.. mmmm man...
Ultimate Showdown..... of Ultimate Destiny!
I like edit 4 very much, it makes imaging you eating watermelon way funnier.
