I guess it's comes down to how serious a show tries to be. One Piece is just a jolly ride of a rollercoaster, so it should not be taken too seriously. I haven't watched Attack on Titan, but from the short clips I've seen, it seems that it takes itself much more seriously, meaning it has to be right in order to do that properly. An example would be Akame ga Kill! which is a show that tries to take itself very seriously. It fails to do so when it shows characters jumping high into the air to make an extra powerful attack, and instead of sidestepping the slash, the opponent tries to block it. Makes no sense at all and is highly inconsistent with its world. In many shows and movies, you have to ignore some real world physics in order to enjoy the show. For instance Godzilla, Pacific Rim or Attack on Titan features extremely large characters who wouldn't be able to stand if the show respected the square-cubic law. Btw, is Attack on Titan a great show? I plan on watching it, I just don't know if I should do it next or if doesn't matter if I wait a bit. It should be noted that I disliked Akame ga Kill! so if it's like that, I'll wait a bit :D
This has given me a new look at her. She is definitely not a character you would expect having great strength, but you are right that she is very strong. Thanks for the post. I only see one mistake: &gt; (whose members are, just as a side note, ranked primarily by strength, indicating she was stronger than Mr.1 who at the time almost killed Roronoa Zoro in single combat). The Baroque Works members are paired, meaning the males have a number which indicates their strength, while the females are paired in a way that utilizes her skills with one of the numbered males. This means that the females are not necessarily stronger just because they are paired with a lower numbered male, and they are definitely not stronger than their male equivalent, i.e. Crocodile is stronger than Robin. Personally I believe that Mr. 1 was stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc, but we actually don't know.
It was presented as being a fact though... I just think there is more evidence pointing to Mr. 1 being stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc. The sole reason Mr. 1 is having the 3rd most senior rank is because of his abilities in combat. There is no other reason at all, while Robin has a lot of different purposes, none of which are combat. She is a Master of Puppets, so to speak (yes, a reference to Metallica).
Oh, my bad. I missed that part. Sorry :( I agree with you that it does indicate that she is very strong. Just seeing how scared Vivi was when Robin was first introduced is proof enough. Robin is surely underrated and is very strong. I'm glad you pointed that out. Thanks a lot, it was a great read :D
Blackbeard's fruit has nothing to do with actual dark matter in the scientific sense, but I agree with you. His fruit is fundamentally different.
Ever seen a manga/anime where a character jumps 5 meters into the air to perform a really powerful slash? In reality it can just be side stepped putting the user at a huge disadvantage. Of course it's a disadvantage in reality, but it's not reality. I really like when shows are realistic, which is why I plan on watching Junketsu no Maria, but not featuring realistic fights is just something most shows do, and that's fine.
&gt; but it would be the rarest mythical zoan fruit Why do people keep using the term "rarest"? There are only 1 of each fruit so they are equally rare. The only reason they talk about them being rarer than the other is the different types. Any 1 devil fruit is as rare as any other, since there are 1 of each. Sure you could argue that it's the most valuable, but that doesn't make it any rarer than the others.
Copyright infringement. Also I doubt Oda would like to steal from others, even if he was allowed.
Yup, that's how I feel as well. The story is really well done because it takes the essence of One Piece (nakamas) and turn it up to the max in a well done fashion. It was refreshing from the usual One Piece, which is what I liked as well. I didn't necessarily like the art over the original One Piece art, but I didn't mind it.
Dark matter can't be seen, which means that if Blackbeard had a fruit that turned him into dark matter, we wouldn't be able to see it. Rather than being black, he would be invisible. This means that the powers of the Suke Suke no Mi that Absalom has is closer to being a Logia with dark matter than Blackbeard's fruit. Dark matter is NOT an elemental force, but rather an type of matter. So yes, it is stuff, but we don't know what type of stuff it is. Your link is about gravitational singularities, which is again something hypothetical. We actually don't even know what black holes are, if there is an event horizon or not (which is something month old papers now being to question, even the father of black holes, Stephen Hawking). We think there is a singularity, which is an infinitely small point in the universe with mass. Your link says a singularity is not a state of matter, as in it's not a state normal matter can take. Iron can't become a singularity, but it can be solid and liquid. It's a weird question tbh, because matter has to react in some way if it is compressed into infinity, but this just goes to show how weird singularities are. It does fit the criteria for a Logia, since it's an element in a sense. The problem is that it's hypothetical, meaning we don't know if it even exists at all. We also have no idea what it is or how it behaves. We have only predicted it because we know that a lot of mass is missing in the universe. I hope you learned something. I suggest you watch this video if you find dark matter interesting. I sure do :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77yXhAibQp4 As for your final question, I have no idea. I've wondered myself, and I guess we won't know unless Oda tells us. Oda would probably just explain it as Luffy: "It's a mystery element!" A final note: Dark matter has nothing to do with black holes. They are completely seperate theories that has nothing to do with each other. I guess you could say that it's possible that black holes are formed from dark matter, since the gravitational pull on light would be the same resulting in a black hole. This is highly unlikely though and would not make much sense.
I think it's plausible that Oda has continuesly extended the series and underestimated how long it will run. He continuesly expands the universe and wants to make it as awesome as possible, which of course results in a longer series. I don't expect the manga to end anytime sooner than 2025.
Why would the Wano and Elbaf arc be huge? I get that the Kaido, Big Mom, the final war and Raftel has to be rather large, but why Wano and Elbaf? I also think we would see an arc with the Revolutionary Army, but Oda could wait with them until the final war.
But unlike Fishman Island with the whole thing about racism and political aspects, I don't feel like Wano and Elbaf will be quite as important, well that is unless Kaido is involved in Wano, which a lot of people seem to think. I think it's really hard to say how Elbaf will turn out. So far, it has been mentioned and it's hugely important for Usopp, but it has not been mentioned as being relevant in anything else. I doubt it will be huge like Fishman or Dressrosa arc, but who knows. It's probably the hardest to make theories about, since we know so little about its importance.
If TS was half way, then we will be half way through post time-skip after this Saga. I doubt that. I think Oda underestimated how much he wanted to include. As I see it, there is at least 10 years to go, considering it has already been nearly 18 years now.
Oh yes. I wrote this before I saw his post though, but yes :D Thanks for the clarification :)
If they mean strongest, then why not say so? It annoys me that the terms are misused... :( I do get what you say, I just think it's an odd way of saying it.
If TS was half way, we the manga would end at around chapter 1200. That would make us 200 chapter in on the second half of the series, meaning we have about 400 chapters left. I think we will see many more chapters than this. Not much has actually happened since TS. I expect this saga to last at least 50 chapters more, which would nearly make us half way through the second half. If we were half way through at TS, that would mean it took 13 years to reach it, meaning it would end 13 years later in 2023. I think it will end later than 2025, as in we have more than 10 years to go.
You're probably right. I'm just linguistically conservative :D
Actually, the TS was more than half the world traveled, since they didn't get to the Grand Line until chapter 100. It's half way through the Grand Line though. I agree that I think the second half of Grand Line will take longer to get through, considering that the first half was just about rushing through it, while the second half is more about politics, since the balance of the powers are changing. If the TS was half way through the story, then we will still get 100 chapters more of the New World compared to what we got of Paradise. I do think it will be longer than that though.
Obviously, there are something that has not been told about Kuma. His story does not make any sense whatsoever at the moment. We also desperately need some more information about Vegapunk. It does not seem logical that he would become the government's dog (like Sakazuki/Akainu) considering the place he grew up, where he is remembered as a hero who would do everything he could to help people. That sounds more like the Revolutionary Army to me. I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out that Dragon has a plan with Kuma and Vegapunk that allows him to turn the Pacifistas and any other creation Vegapunk has made on the WG. Honestly, I'd be more surprised if that was not the case.
Depends whether it's manga or anime. I started with the anime and caught up, and I'm now reading the manga. Honestly, the pacing is just so much better in the manga, even for the first arcs. Just try both out. You have more than enough time for both :D
I download torrents from http://horriblesubs.info/ in 1080p. They are very high quality, but I'm not too fund of the sub. I think Yibis is better, but since they release much slower than HorribleSubs, so I watch them since I don't have patience to wait. Once I catch up with the manga, I will continue watching HorribleSubs. I transfer the files from my computer to my phone. Then I can watch it anytime I want without internet connection. Be aware that each episode is 500 MB, so that may be a problem if you don't have 64GB like me. EDIT: Oh, you asked for a streaming site. I missed that part. Just ignore it, if it doesn't help you :)
I think it's probable that the WG would cover that up. If the Celestial Dragons learned that their supply of fishmen and merman could end, they would cause a fuss. I think the WG just want them to stay calm, and what's happening in Dressrosa is more than enough reason for them to increase their bounties a lot any way.
[Spoiler](#s "I think Garp also used Busoshoku Haki whenever he was hitting Luffy. Luffy commented on how it hurt, and these moments were not just fun and gag like with Nami hitting Luffy and his face swells up and becomes blue and it disappears in the next frame.")
Yeah, I think that's easier. Unless you've caught up, go watch Yibis rather than HorribleSubs. Imo it's quite a bit better, since HorribleSubs is more about quantity and speed rather than quality.
One Piece is huge in Korea, so no doubt it exists somewhere. I have no idea where to find it though :/
You're on the wrong subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePieceCircleJerk/
While the theory is a bit far fetched, I do think it's very plausible. It makes a lot of sense in all honesty, and I really like that theory. I think it's false though, but I hope I'm wrong.
&gt; Depending on what they show at E3 will determine if I Preorder it or not. Which results in a lot of money getting wasted on PR instead of the actual game. This is why preordering is bad. &gt; And if the game if s total flop we now have Steam Refunds Most people who preorder the game don't want to refund it, even if the game is a flop. A lot of people play crappy games just because of a brand name and hype. Again, this is a problem that arises because of preordering. This is the same kind of issue as people buying crap food. As long as they do it, it will exist and animal abuse with it. Nobody wants it to happen, yet everybody supports it. I'm not angry about any of it. Just sad that people don't learn from their mistakes. You seem like somebody who understands it and actually research it, but a lot of the ignorant mass just preorder it if the PR stuff hypes them up for the game. This is exactly what the publishers want and exactly what we don't want.
I'd learn French if I had a teacher like that.
I'm not sure what you mean by that. Captain?
I know. I've actually read a study about it once, just because I love nutella that much. It's really interesting, and a bit scary, that the placebo effect can be utilised like that by marketing.
Shit, I forgot about that. Thanks man. Does everyone know this? It's just I haven't seen it being discussed before at all.
Oh, it's an online language teacher. Now I get it. Thanks.
This one would actually be really nice and fit in the atmosphere of One Piece brilliantly!
I have a couple of things to say. First off, Lucci is far stronger than you give him credit for, while Crocodile is not nearly as strong as you give him credit for. Doflamingo and Mihawk are both much stronger than Crocodile. The only reason Crocodile is threatening and useful for the World Government is his Devil Fruit. He has a Logia, which means he is untouchable without Haki. That means he is stronger than any character without Haki and as such can be used by the World Government against almost any pirate in the first half of Grand Line where almost no one uses Haki. Rob Lucci, on the other hand, was as strong as Luffy at the point of their fight. I believe he would have defeated Luffy, had he not been as cocky. Luffy barely beat him with the use of both Gear 2nd and Gear 3rd, something not even required to beat Crocodile once you find his weak spot (liquids), which gives you the power to hit him. Had Lucci used water in a hypothetical fight against Crocodile, he would have beat him. A second problem is your list of villains/antagonists. Why do you feature Whitebeard, Mihawk, Aokiji and Shanks there, when they haven't shown to be "friends" of the Straw Hats, or at least help them at certain points? Shanks is Luffy's idol and as such a great friend of his, while Mihawk is shown to be a friend and rival of Shanks (some theories even says he is a member of his crew). Aokiji helped Robin at certain points and is also featured in the *Film Z* as someone who helps the Straw Hats. Sure, it's not canon, but it was written by Oda, which means the characters stay true to their personalities. Whitebeard [Marineford Spoiler](#s "basically sacrificed himself to save Luffy's brother, Ace"), which means he is never intended as an antagonist. Also, if Whitebeard is featured in your list, why is he not the last one? He is stated several times to be the strongest man alive, so I don't see how Akainu, Aokiji or Shanks would be able to beat him. And if Crocodile is the strongest Shichibukai, or at least equal to both Mihawk and Doflamingo in strength, why is he not ranked like it in your list? To answer your question, no, Rob Lucci would not fit better in East Blue. He is too strong and his character is intertwined in politics which is not even introduced until just before his defeat. A fight between Luffy and Lucci in East Blue would not make any sense for both of them.
&gt; which he declined which would never have happened if Crocodile knew he was weaker than Doffy Why? Why would Crocodile need to accept joining Doflamingo's crew if he is weaker than Doflamingo? I don't see the logic here. &gt; Luffy defeated him with luck and that only. While I agree that Crocodile was stronger than Luffy at the time, the fight at the end clearly showed that Luffy had the best fighting skills. Otherwise he would've been defeated by Crocodile, luck or not. A marine fodder won't suddenly win a fight against Mihawk if he is lucky enough. &gt; Doffy nearly killed Moria, but only made a tie with Crocodile? There is no evidence that Doflamingo actually wanted to hurt Crocodile, let alone kill him. And why would he? On the other hand, his motive for killing or at least hurting Moria, is by order of the World Government. They didn't know that Crocodile would be present at the war, which means they never gave out the order. &gt; Crocodile is so strong that he does not need Haki even if he has it. This is just wrong. Haki is basically "the new black" in One Piece. Everybody needs it to fight at a high level, which is evidenced in Luffy's 2 year training. Why does Rayleigh put so much emphasis on teaching Luffy Haki, and only Haki? Because it's the only thing he needs to "level up". &gt; As for Lucci, he can transform into a large cat and can use finger pistol... scary, he would be killed in a heartbeat if he was fighting with Crocodile. Why? Transforming into a large cat makes him much faster and stronger. Luffy was able to defeat Crocodile without any of his Gears, while he was destroyed by Rob Lucci until he began using them. And then he **still** had a hard time beating him. Even harder than beating Crocodile. Yes, I agree that the Luffy vs Crocodile match was quite ridiculous considering that Luffy had been impaled and dried up before hand, but nonetheless it proved that Luffy's fighting skills were superior to Crocodile's, even without Gears. &gt; Mihawk is still an antagonist or will be in the future Why? Because he will need to fight Zoro? Who says they can't have a friendly rivalry match like that of Shanks and Mihawk? &gt; Aokiji is outright villain No he is not. He cared for Nico Robin, which is evidenced when he speaks to Robin about Jaguar D. Saul. He also helps the crew in the non-canon movie, *Film Z*, which is written by Oda. Why would Oda make him a friend of the crew if he is a villain? That makes no sense at all. &gt; Whitebeard is not the last one because Akainu could still defeat him After he had been impaled by a huge sword, with his mind elsewhere and with countless other smaller injuries and other opponents. Yeah, a really fair fight. Akainu would've been killed if the fight was a 1v1 like that of Luffy vs (random villain). Whitebeard is **stated** to be the strongest man in the world. How is that consistent with several characters being stronger than him? &gt; Aokiji is as strong as Akainu because of the Punk Hazard battle which proves that they are tied in strength. Agreed, although Akainu won it after 12 days of fighting giving him a slight edge. &gt; Shanks could deflect Akainu's attack and survived the clash between him Deflecting an attack does **not** make you stronger than your opponent. It shows that it's at least not a clash between an important and strong character vs random fodder, but nothing more than that. &gt; survived the clash between him and Whitebeard before the war Whitebeard and Shanks are not enemies. The very reason that Shanks joined at the end of the war was to help Whitebeard. The very reason he did not show up until it was too late was to hold Kaido back from fighting Whitebeard while he was occupied with the Marines. &gt; he could battle with Mihawk and make ties with him with a regular sword even after he lost his arm Which Mihawk stated had become boring. Now I wonder why that would be... &gt; by far the strongest we have seen in the show. How do you even come to this conclusion? Sure, he may have some awesome Haki, but it is evidenced by the fact that Mihawk does not enjoy fighting him anymore than his sword fighting skills are not that great after he lost his arm. That would leave him with a great mind but a weakened weapon. I seriously don't understand your logic...
Wait, you can pack HorribleSubs into one torrent!? Mother of God, I need to do that. Please, teach me senpai!
I meant for other shows. I'll save the link for a possible future rewatch though. That PacketList sure is weird though. I mean, what is it even for if not for packing? :/
I was thinking the same. Here's a page from the same website with the episodes more neatly packed: http://tracker.yibis.com/
I'm thinking that as well. When they meet up, they would wonder who the captain is and then think about that their captain may have been turned into a toy. Usopp would remember how he felt when Robin was turned into a toy. They would possibly also wonder why their jolly roger has a straw hat :D
It's a hard one for sure. Shanks, Mihawk and Garp all deserves a spot in my top 5, but I don't know about other characters. I like Borsalino (Kizaru) and Kuzan (Aokiji) a lot as well, and Whitebeard, Rayleigh, Roger and Zeff are all awesome old farts. Hmm... It's too hard to say :D EDIT: After reading more posts through, I figured out that I forgot Smoker! I think I'm ready for a list: 1. Dracule Mihawk 2. Borsalino 3. Smoker 4. Garp 5. Shanks
I'd get the Hana Hana no Mi (Robin's fruit). Imagine the possibilities when you can spawn wings, arms, legs, and even clones of your entire body! Other candidates are the Ope Ope no Mi (Law's fruit), Suke Suke no Mi (Absalom's fruit) and the Mane Mane no Mi (Bentham/Bon Kurei/Mr. 2's fruit).
I actually wouldn't mind that, if we see something new. It would save up some space so they can increase the pacing in other episodes. It would suck if it was all something we had already seen though.
21st of December. Nobody for me :( Gan Fall's birthday is 22nd though, so I guess that's the closest I get.
I would think it is. We don't know yet, but it only makes sense for the sword of an admiral to be a good sword. It's also a special looking sword, which makes me firmly believe that it is.
I don't know if you missed something, but I asked for one without heavy spoilers. This is basically spoiling everything from episode 1 onwards to the time skip. It may well work, but I prefer not to spoil everything in the series for a potential viewer.
You should [read it then](http://bato.to/read/_/284453/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v1_ch1--v3-_by_no-group). I watched it first and I'm currently reading it from the beginning. The manga is so much faster, it's incredible!
~~It's made by a fan group.~~ Pretty amazing tbh. They have released everything except the most recent arc. They want to wait with that one until the arc is over before they release them in batches. Or so I heard. So the answer is yes, they will get updated :) I have no idea when they were coloured, but they must have started years ago, considering how big such a project is. EDIT: Thanks [/user/Purpl3](http://www.reddit.com/user/Purpl3) for correcting me. It's made by the company that releases the official manga.
Yay! It's actually a really cool date, since it's the darkest day in the year on the Northern hemisphere and a [palindrome](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palindromic_number). I look forward to my 117th birthday where it will be a palindromic date, year and time as well. 21:12 the 21/12 year 2112. At least it is if you're not American with those backwards dates and 12 hour clock :D
I think it's a safe bet to say that it was before I joined. I started watching One Piece in August 2014 and caught up in March. I joined this subreddit around February or so. Yeah, I'm a rookie ;) So far, I think the coloured manga is really nice! It captures what I saw in the anime really well while adding more detail into the specific frames and the pacing is much faster. I'm happy I decided to start it :)
Damn, that's even better! That makes your age a palindrome as well. And you were 21 when it was supposed to be the end of the world... The only thing I get is a Danish saying about something that is slow and takes too much time. We say that it takes 117 years.
If he did, I think he would've told Luffy.
Thank you! That's exactly what I'm looking for! This is brilliant! I really can't thank you enough. It's awesome! As for the other one you linked to... Let's just say I don't like dubbing, ha ha. I'll show it if any of my friends decide to watch the dubbed episodes though, so thanks for that one as well :)
&gt; Well if the person hasn't watched any episodes everything is a spoiler. In order to be spoiled by something, you'd have to understand it. You would have to know what it tells you. Otherwise you won't be spoiled and you'll probably forget the character. &gt; There really aren't any AMVs with no spoilers at show action and emotional scenes, because those are the spoilers. The action itself does not spoil everything. Emotional scenes do, however if it's without any sound but instead music, it does not spoil anything, but simply shows that something emotional is going on. This creates a view of depth in the anime. It tells the potential viewer that this anime is not just fun and games with action but no depth and emotions. [/u/CarcosanAnarchist](http://www.reddit.com/user/CarcosanAnarchist) also linked to [another AMV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3BPgyhStLk) that shows exactly what I was looking for. It doesn't spoil anything because it's very fast paced, while it also shows a lot of clips from emotional scenes. Too short to spoil anything and without sound from the anime.
Ha ha, let's hope so :D I can't begin to imagine how different the world will look with the new technology that will exist then. It's crazy!
I don't think he will, since he has his own crew. He does not seem to care about the Straw Hats, and is only helping them temporary. He is also a swordsman like Zoro and Brook. But unlike Brook, he does not have any unique ability that adds to his character. Bartolemeo, while also leading a crew, has a good reason to become a Straw Hat. He also has a unique ability from his devil fruit and would serve a purpose. He also cares about other people, while Cavendish seems to be rather egoistic and is shown to posses extreme pride and is rather arrogant as well. I'd much rather see Bartolomeo join than Cavendish. The only thing Cavendish brings to the table is his alternate personality, which pretty much works like Chopper's monster point pre timeskip.
Considering that the Straw Hats beat them pre timeskip, they don't stand a chance against a Yonko and his crew. And they know that, so I don't see why they would fight Kaido tbh.
I'm more pissed that Whitebeard didn't even manage to beat down an important marine. Sure, he fought Sakazuki, but he didn't do anything to him...
If a devil fruit sinks, then that would mean that there are quite a lot of devil fruits at the sea bed. I would hope they don't. It would suck to lose it. On the other hand, it may sink and get destroyed in the sea water, making it "respawn" like what happens when the user of a fruit dies. That would actually be quite cool. Sea water is the only thing that can decompose a devil fruit :)
Maybe they are all rotten since they taste so bad? You just can't see it.
Log Horizon is actually pretty nice (better than SAO, that's for sure). One of its major problems is the slow pacing, though it's obviously much faster than One Piece. I look forward to the 3rd season, but it won't be released any time soon :(
Go watch Great Teacher Onizuka. It's epic!
Oh, really? Well, then it seems that he does not have any other place to go after the arc, so that speaks for Cavendish joining the crew.
How did I hit the exact anime, lol. Why did you drop it? Is it because it's new stories every time? I usually have the same problem. I'm nearly half way through Cowboy Bebop atm, but I've stopped and begun reading the One Piece manga. It was not a problem with GTO though. I just kept going. Did you notice that the voice actor of the vice principal is the same as Brook's voice actor? He has such a nice and soothing voice, and the vice principal's eccentric nature fits the voice actor brilliantly. I guess this is going too much into detail, ha ha :D
He hurt him? We're talking the strongest man in the world. He should be able to do more than that imo, but then again, he did try to take control of the whole battlefield rather than just a single fight, so that's probably why he was defeated without severely damaging anyone.
That's a possibility as well. Tbh though, I don't think Oda has thought too much about that. Or maybe he has? He has had 18 years to think about it.
Awesome! By the end of the series, you will love Onizuka Eikichi :D
Yeah, that's episode 1. At the end of the series, he became my favourite anime character of all time. He is awesome in so many ways!
I agree with you. Great post. My only "complaint" is about about the outcasts of society. I agree that Luffy kind of takes the outcasts into his crew. The prime example here is Robin. The only one in this arc that fits this role is Bartolomeo. Cavendish was never hated. He is liked, but has been outshined by Luffy. That does not make him and outcast. Rebecca was an outcast, but after the population found out about King Riku, they know love them both and admire Rebecca for her bravery to try saving her country. Bartolomeo is still hated. He pissed in the colosseum, being a metaphor for pissing at their hunger for bloodthirsty entertainment as well as their life style in general. Someone made a long post about it praising Bartolomeo saying it was her favourite character because he is a genuine hipster, since he does not give a fuck about what society thinks about him. I liked the post a lot, and it makes me see how Bartolomeo is an outcast and why he loves being it. He was laughing when they were cursing at him! So yeah, as I see it, Bartolomeo is the most probable next Straw Hat. Either him, Kanjuro or Kin'emon because of the [number theory](http://ns.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/391q6w/crazy_japanese_nakama_theory/) I think it will be Bartolomeo because of [this](http://ns.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/39277x/reason_i_think_bartolomeo_will_be_the_next_crew/)
We heard Mihawk saying that Luffy's strongest weapon was his ability to make people around him his allies. We've seen this a couple of times, especially in Marineford and in Dressrosa. When a character like Mihawk explicitly say that this is Luffy's greatest force, then there is no way that Luffy refuses to get allies. I don't know about Roger. After he died, he was constantly being talked about as a devil and everybody seemed to hate him. It is possible that his is what everyone thought of him, but it's also possible that this is only something people who didn't know said about him. He may well have had many allies in New World. The general public don't know what happens in New World, so it's very possible that he did have many allies. I'm 100% sure that Luffy will get a lot of allies and this is his way of becoming the Pirate King. Otherwise I don't see why Oda would have Mihawk saying explicitly that this is his greatest strength.
You have some great points there. I don't think they would be in considerable danger, however, since they would probably be a strong crew even without the captain (maybe with a very strong first mate who would become the new captain?) and they would get Luffy as an ally. If any pirate were to attack them, they would become enemies of the Straw Hats. But yes, we would have to see how Bartolomeo's crew would do without him. Right now we can only guess how their situation is.
Holy shit! That theory is amazing! I think this is VERY plausible. Possibly the best One Piece theory I have read to this date. Thanks for sharing.
This is exactly why I prefer the [old black and white Disney animation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjxVJwH_89o) to the new still pictures animation. It's just such a joy to look at. Also the hilarious things that happen all the time are brilliant ideas, ha ha :D This is why weekly shows suck. One Piece would be so much better if it had been biweekly or something like that.
Didn't the Straw Hats take Fishman Island under their protection, or did I misinterpret something? If he has already taken Fishman Island, I see no reason why he couldn't take more.
Why do they say it's 2 million beli? Wasn't it 200 million beli that they got from selling the gold? :/
The test from OC3D showed that it had better performance though. It also overclocked like a dream. Basically TTL explained that the 980Ti was a nobrainer if you wanted the best card out there. Instead of getting 2x Titan X, you could get 3x 980Ti and put watercooling on them for the same price. No reason to go with the inferior product. If OP truly didn't care about the cost, then why not go all in with 3-4x Titan X and watercool them with an extremely expensive watercooling loop, maybe even two now that the money is not an issue? Money is ALWAYS an issue. Saving 50% just by selecting the card with the same performance, 6GB VRAM instead of 12GB (who the hell need more than 6GB anyway!!!?) and a different name is the superior choice. You can always spend the money elsewhere. I love beer, so I could spend it on some high quality beer. Buy each of the 50 best beers in the world according to [Ratebeer](http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/top-50/) and still have a lot of change for something else. Much better than getting 2x Titan X rather than 2x 980Ti.
Every pirate has this system except the huge crews like Whitebeard and Don Krieg. If that's what you mean, I don't see why you would even need to say that since it's so obvious. Whitebeard dreamt of a big family of pirates. Luffy has clearly stated from the beginning that he thinks that around 10 crew members is ideal. He could get other crews under his command, but they would not become a part of his own crew and he would still sail alone for the most part. I think this is basically how the Yonko are operating, so why not have Luffy go the same route?
&gt; Such a man is not weaker than the strongest member of the weakest unit of all Cipherpol organizations, the supposed hype of CP-0 may be justified, but not some weakling from the lowest-ranking group of all Cipherpol organizations. Use some logic here. **HOLD ON!** Now I see why you mess it up like that. The Cipher Pol agencies are **not** ranked from weakest to strongest with numbers. The 1-8 are the **ordinary** Cipher Pol agencies, while CP-0 and CP9 are the special ones. The CP9 is the strongest CP9 agency we see, until the introduction of CP-0. If you thought that CP9 was the weakest CP agency, then I understand why you think that way. &gt; We have seen him fighting with these people and that was still without his full-on power with Haki and awakened devil fruit powers Crocodile never fought Mihawk or Doflamingo. He deflected Mihawk's attack and had a small argument with Doflamingo. Zoro would be able to do the same at that point. That does not make him as strong. We have no evidence that Crocodile have neither Haki nor Awakened Devil Fruit. On the contrary, it was stated somewhere that the very reason that Crocodile never moved to New World is **because** he lacked Haki. &gt; Crocodile is way stronger than Rob Lucci, he had a complete mastery of an extremely overpowered devil fruit to the point where his fighting style was almost completely based on his devil fruit even though we have seen him fighting 1-on-1 battles using his hook and is just as strong to hold off Doffy in such a powerful punch that the fight was a tie, go and read or watch the Whitebeard War if you seem that I'm just making baseless assumptions, we have seen Crocodile fighting Doflamingo and Mihawk, and he didn't lost once, therefore he is definitely on their par, the fact that Doflamingo is soon to be getting obliterated and Oda has hinted that Crocodile is going to show up again (which will make him even stronger than during Marineford arc where he was as strong as Doffy, in fact during his 2 years training he might have become even stronger than his before and probably stronger than Flamingo at a whole) and if he is going to be shown up as a villain then it means that he is strong and will be an ultimate battle with Luffy. Please use punctuation. Just because Crocodile fights using only his Devil fruit does not mean he has complete mastery over it. On the contrary, it was said that Logia users often met their demise when travelling to New World because they relied entirely on their Devil fruit. Saying that Crocodile has "complete mastery" is the biggest exaggeration I've read today. Luffy is far better with his Devil fruit, and he is still learning. Someone like Whitebeard have complete mastery over his fruit. He could split oceans apart using tremors. Now that's what I call mastery! Again, Crocodile never fought Doflamingo and Mihawk. He fended them off for a short while. Crocodile was defeated as the second major enemy. He is no match for the top tiers, such as the admirals or the strongest pirates from the Yonko. &gt; In conclusion, you are overestimating Lucci and Crocodile is much stronger than you think Crocodile is a strong character. Otherwise he would never have become a Shichibukai in the first place. But he is not this legendary god-like badass you make him to be. Far from it. If he was, there is no way he could lose to Luffy. I have 2 very clear reasons for this: - If Crocodile knew Haki, he would've dodged his attacks (CoO) or endured them (CoA). - If Crocodile's fighting capabilities were superior to Luffy's, he would've stepped up his game after he was hit by Luffy with blood the first time. Why lose on purpose?
Well, you can never know when you only benchmark a single card of each. Yes, I noticed, which is why I wrote that the 980Ti performed better, not just overclocked better, but straight out beat it, even when the Titan X was overclocked. Weird, but I guess drivers could fix that. Stills shows that there is basically no difference at all. Quad SLI from brand new flagship models will always perform weird until the drivers get fixed. I don't remember if that was before or after they were properly released, but I think it was like immediately after, which does not give Nvidia a lot of time to deal with the drivers for those extreme configurations. And quad SLI is always weird anyway.
Hexa-fire, [here I come!!](https://6121ftcrobotics.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/shut-up-and-take-my-money.jpg)
So many possibilities :D
Well, just another reason to get the 980Ti, isn't it?
With which you will still end up with a higher overclocking on the slightly fewer cores. Unless Nvidia has done some crazy cherry picking, the Titan X is only a very slightly better card to a much higher price. It does not make sense. As for the VRAM, caching 6GB does not necessarily mean that it required anymore than 2GB. As for the 780Ti's, when they were released, we already had 4GB cards from the competitor. For years it had been AMD that had slightly more VRAM for any given generation, and for the next generation, Nvidia would get as much as AMD had the previous generation. Now, instead of increasing it slightly, they have doubled it. That makes 6GB bullet proof, where the 3GB was bang for the buck right now at the expense of running out later. For the average consumer, yes, the 980Ti is the better buy. For the ultra-high end enthusiast, yes, the 980Ti is the better buy. For the billionaire enthusiast, I'd pick the Titan X.
I don't think Luffy will ever fight Coby. It would not really be a fair fight given Luffy's extreme head start as well as far superior genes. I think Coby will instead join the Revolutionary Army some time later when he realises just how corrupt and bad the whole system is. He will probably side with the likes of Kuzan and Garp in that matter, perhaps Sengoku as well. Then with the help of them and the Revolutionary Army, he will build up a new system of Marines and become an admiral that way. That will be around the time Luffy is the Pirate King and they have beaten the WG together.
I don't think it counts if the character is dead and revived before even being introduced ;)
Yeah, I'm on the Celestial Dragon punch as well.
I prefer [this theory](http://orojackson.com/threads/fujitoras-hidden-grudge-unbelievable.8680/)
&gt; The Straw Hat could've originated in Wano for all we know. Which would not make sense. What makes sense is that someone from Roger's home town made it to him before he left. Maybe his father or an uncle or some role model of sorts. Either way, it does not make sense if it came from Wano kingdom. That would require someone to transport it from New World to East Blue before Roger set sail. Who would do that, and why?
Thanks. It's just the only thing that makes sense to me. But then again, I've never read theories about it, so maybe there's a better explanation to everything. Also, I do agree about Alvida and Coby. It would be nice to see him getting revenge.
Well what is your guess? You present a half theory on something with a major flaw. When I ask about it, you say it's up to Oda... As for the other part of your comment, Shanks was wearing the hat for the whole time after he got it from Roger. He then sailed back to East Blue to pick up a crew where he gave Luffy his hat. You ask why that wouldn't happen to Roger? Why would it? Just because there are parallels between the characters does mean that everything has to be parallels. I'd think some random villager, maybe a farmer or something, gave Roger the hat. Or maybe he bought it or made it himself? Seems more plausible than the hat sailing all around the world without an explanation to why and how.
It depends on what you understand by the word "ally". As I see it, someone who supports you is an ally, even if it's only for a brief moment. Still an ally of sorts. I guess you could misunderstand the term, but that's how I see it. I'm sorry if it's ambigious.
I think it does. Otherwise why are there such a huge difference between fodder and the strong characters? If genes didn't matter, why are Luffy's father and grandfather very strong as well and why are they so important? If genes didn't matter, Luffy's family would not matter, and as such they would be random. Or at least to an extend. We also have the inherited will, which opens up the possibility to inherit from someone who have no biological connection to you. This is seen with Luffy having inherited Roger's will, possibly through Shanks and the Straw Hat.
&gt; My idea for where Roger got the straw hat is as good as yours or anyone else's. No it's not. There are many reasons for Roger wearing the hat, if it came from his home land. But if it came from Wano, it would hold a very special meaning to him, otherwise he wouldn't have had it transported around the globe. If it holds a special meaning, then what is this meaning? You present it as a possibility, but ignores the fact that in doing so, you narrow the possibilities down. Unless some pirate came to his village, like with Shanks, I don't see a way for it to come from Wano. How could it? And even if, why would it come from Wano and not another country/island? I agree with you that it would be nice to see if there actually is something special about that hat. Some backstory of how Roger got it. I guess you could send him a letter asking if there is something special about it, or if it's only special because it used to be Roger's.
Oh, that explains it. Thanks. You're right about the 10,000's. I noticed it somewhere where it said "X (some kanji) X000 (some other kanji)" where X represents some random number.
Yeah, it doesn't really make sense...
Just hearing the name Wukong makes me think about the champion in LoL. It fits Luffy given my favourite quote of his: "No matter how far it is to the top, it's still within my grasp!"
There are also movies with characters based off Sun Wukong, such as *The Forbidden Kingdom* starring Jackie Chan and Jet Li. EDIT: I actually didn't know that Sun Wukong featured in Japanese mythology as Son Goku. But now you mention it, I can see that Goku from Dragon Ball is based on Sun Wukong. It also makes me realise why Luffy has the last name Monkey. It fits really well. Awesome touch by Oda there.
Touché!
And nine years later, we're still waiting...
Your questions will be answered in due time. You will see that there are a special way of countering the Logia devil fruits (those that give you the ability to turn into an element, such as Crocodile's and Smoker's). Where you are, they are OP. But the strongest characters have a way to deal with it. This is the reason that people like Smoker and Crocodile aren't "at the top of the food chain" so to speak. I really don't want to spoil anything. Just watch it. If you find the pacing too slow, read the manga instead. It goes through an arc so much faster. There is even a coloured manga, so it's a lot like the anime. [This chapter](http://bato.to/read/_/250604/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v20_ch177_by_binky-land) is around the place you are at with the anime.
The strongest enemies would have superior Haki, meaning they would see it coming with CoO and grab the arm before the palms can touch them. I guess Logias would also be a problem. Is "touching" a Logia considering touching? Would it work? Still a very overpowered combination.
The only problem I have with this theory is that nobody has mentioned that Luffy has Roger's fruit. Don't you think that Buggy would've been shocked to see his old captain's fruit in the hands of a young kid when he fought Luffy? Roger may have had a devil fruit, but honestly he does not need it. Shanks does not have it, and he is a yonko. Garp also does not have one, and he is (or was) the strongest marine.
I think he has worked most out by now, considering that Luffy is going for the big guys that make someone like Enel look like fodder. We have also seen the Rev. Army on the move. It would surprise me if Oda hadn't worked out every arc till the end by now. Sure, he will probably change some minor things, but he is at the beginning of wrapping up this story, building up for the climax.
A bit of an exaggeration, but yes, you're absolutely right. In many cases the slow pacing is nice, because it builds it up nicely to the climax, but there are these huge issues as well. Such a shame really.
Yes, you're right. I think he is better at it now though. He has tons of experience, so his estimates probably won't be as far off as they used to be :D
Touché
&gt; Can Sanji fight the second strongest opponent for once? As I see it, Zoro was already slightly stronger than Sanji pre-timeskip. During the timeskip, Zoro was training hard as fuck with Mihawk as his mentor. Meanwhile, Sanji was running around derping with the Okamas. Sure, he learned their style of fighting, but his training was nowhere near the seriousness of Zoro's. Also, Zoro was basically mortally wounded through the entirety of the pre TS, while he is now healed up. I can't see how Sanji and Zoro can be close to each other in power anymore. Zoro is more like Luffy in power imo.
With your logic, Kuzan, Garp and Sengoku would be as much enemies as Sakazuki. Do you really agree to that? Sakazuki has murdered so many innocent people, that it's impossible to count. He killed a ship full of innocent villagers from Ohara for the slight chance that a scholar had snuck onboard. He has killed his own men when they failed to obey an order, rather than arresting them and letting them have a proper trial in court. On the other hand, many of our heroes from the pirates have never killed anyone. Our main characters have not been shown to have killed anyone, and especially not innocent people. In this story, the pirates are the heroes, while the World Government is the enemy. The Marines are just a tool used by the World Government. I don't think they are enemies. Most of them just want to uphold order and are actually good people. Only some of the higher ups are actually evil, such as Sakazuki.
I guess I misunderstood your point. I also don't agree with OP at all. As I see it, the Marines are not evil. The organisation as a whole is good and helps the world combating evil pirates. On the other hand, the World Government is evil, and it has the power over the Marines meaning the Marines will do evil deeds. This is just how I see it, and your view may be different.
I really hope not. I don't think it would fit the themes and style of One Piece if they suddenly had some science fiction-ish themes as well.
My favourite is Portgas D. Shanks. http://orojackson.com/threads/another-portgas-d-a-man-we-all-know.3906/ This one actually makes sense.
Biweekly manga? My god, imagine the pacing of the anime after that! :O
What does Mary's room have to do with this question?
Sounds awesome. I disagree with the other guy though. Could be awesome with a small personal touch at the end, of course separate from the recap segment. But yeah, do that! I've personally watched the anime and is now in the middle of reading the manga. I learn some new things, so I definitely think it's worth it :)
They should've done that anyway tbh, but yes, they may need to do that if the manga switched to bi-weekly.
I think it makes perfect sense that Sanji hasn't powered up quite as much as Zoro and Luffy. He had other goals than simply getting stronger. Meanwhile Luffy is training with probably the strongest Haki user out there and Zoro with the strongest swordsman. Would be weird if Sanji is still as strong as Zoro. I've actually always considered Sanji the weakest of the three, simply because his focus is other places than getting stronger. Zoro is constantly lifting weights and trying to get better, while Luffy is the main character and has to be the strongest. Sanji is cooking and looking for women. It's a bit unfair if he is as strong as Zoro imo. If he is, imagine how strong he would be if he trained like Zoro all of his life. Also, he limits himself to only using his legs. He was also able to fight Vergo, who was probably the strongest of Doflamingo's henchmen. To me, he is strong enough. Luffy and Zoro are the ones who need to be strong, not Sanji.
I started from the beginning not long ago. Currently at Whisky Peak arc. I haven't regret it.
Yeah, it's the one I'm reading. I hope they release the colour ones for Dressrosa once I get there :/
If the planet in One Piece is the same size as Earth, there would be nowhere near 7 billion people. People live on small islands. The largest of these can house 10 million. We have no information about people living on Red Line, except Mariejois. Basically surface of the planet is only 10-20% land, more than half of which is Red Line.
Even if the planet of One Piece is 10 times more massive, it would still not be as populous. There are several reasons for this: - About 90% of the surface is covered by water - Most of the land is Red Line, which is mostly uninhabited, as far as we know - The technology is not as advanced as in the real world, including medicinal. They still use old books with herbs etc., which implies that diseases are common. We also have not seen modern high-efficient agriculture, which implies that food could be rather scarce (such as in Whisky Peak, where feeding 5 pirates was nearly enough to empty their entire stuck of food for more than 100 people). So no, there probably is not that many people in that world as on Earth. If there is, I would be very surprised.
Yes. [This is the latest chapter](http://bato.to/read/_/270845/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v70_ch700_by_mangarule)
I'd say the strongest pirates are: - The Yonko - Mihawk - Rayleigh - possible crew members of the Yonko - Lastly, it's possible that some from the Whitebeard pirates are also top tier, but I doubt it. I would say the strongest would be Marco, and he was beat by Borsalino/Kizaru. The strongest under the World Government, now and before - Admirals - Sakazuki - Sengoku - Garp - Kong - Kuzan It's really hard to say, but I think the top 10 are among these. We haven't seen someone like Kong fight yet, but we know he is the Chief-in-command under the World Government and used to be a Fleet Admiral. And unlike Sengoku, he has an extremely muscular build, which would suggest he is physically very strong.
Okay, I guess I misunderstood. Sorry about that.
&gt; There's no reason to assume the Red Line is mostly uninhabited. Yes there is. We have yet to see a single person who lives at Red Line, except for the Celestial Dragons from Mariejois. If Red Line was not mostly uninhabited, most people would live on Red Line. Given how huge the cliffs are, I think it's pretty safe to assume that people don't live there. How would they get there in the first place? &gt; The technology they have is more advanced than in the real world No, it's not. They just happen to have different physics that allows them to harvest magical powers from fruits. The things you mention are completely unrealistic, meaning it does not really make sense to call them "more advanced". On the other hand, the most advanced type of sea vessel is a steam ship from a filler movie. People use sails, and given how much more important ships are compared to our world, it's a good indication that technology is lacking far behind. As for medicine, we have yet to see someone even mention micro organisms, while Chopper instead goes on about herbs that can cure any disease. That's low-tech. I used Whisky Peak as an example, and I said that food could be scarce, not that it necessarily is. I simply assumed that it could be, given how we have yet to see high-tech agricultural machines. People being taller has nothing to do with this, since it's completely unrealistic. Once you reach 7-8 feet, you become impaired, which is not the case in One Piece. The variation is also very extreme, which indicates that there really is no logic to it. Also giants would suffer under the square-cubic law. Breasts and butts are an indication of fan service. You are right, that both height and sexual "enhancements" does indicate good nutrition, but there are other obvious reasons for this imo.
Yeah, I noticed that right away. I was completely shocked. How the hell could one of the antagonists join? Of course, by the time she did join, it made much more sense, but was still a bit of a weird thing.
That spoiler was so you wouldn't see it, ha ha :D I would recommend you to stay away from this subreddit as well as the wikia. There are much more important spoilers out there than who joins. I was spoiled for some of them. Don't make the same mistake! :)
Overall a good list, but I would scratch Ivankov. We don't know what his winks are, but we have no reason to assume that it's CoC (yet). On the other hand, we know that Doflamingo has it, so you could just swap them out. Good theory about the families of Gol D. Roger and the Monkey's. No doubt that Roger has it, even if it has not been confirmed. There is no way he does not have it. Also, you forgot about Don Chinjao, who also has CoC, which is showed in his CoC fight against Luffy. That makes a least 11.
Scratch that. It's nearly 18 years old. It was showed in the very first chapter, where Shanks use CoC to scare off the sea monster.
Well, Luffy would know that the shurikens are coming, since he will see it with CoO, so he would have no problem dodging them.
I'm pretty sure they wouldn't be able to. As far as I have understood it, everyone, including Sugar herself, forgets about someone when they are turned into a toy. That would make it impossible for even the World Government to even know that they should be executed. Of course they could note it down that this prisoner should be executed, but they wouldn't know why until he is changed back.
Yes, it was a disaster for the Marines, for the exact reasons you mention. Even though they won the war, it was one of the worst possible outcomes. And yes, Blackbeard was the only winner here. It's incredible how lucky he got and his plan was really well done.
Luffy is very fast with Gear 2nd, but that's beside the point. He can predict the movement, so even if Naruto is faster, he has no chance when Luffy can just dodge it because he begins moving before Naruto does.
Oh, yeah, lol xD I think it would be still be tricky the first couple of times, but I do see that it would not be much of a problem. Not as much as I thought at first.
Ha ha, yes. But this done much better than Luffy getting revived after each fight with Crocodile. It's more hidden in all the other action.
Yes, that is correct. But because it's showed that early, it's a good indication that it's not just some new super power up from around the time skip, but rather something much more important and fundamental to the whole story.
I don't think he did, but I'm pretty sure he had worked out what it is and how important it is.
I haven't read or watched Naruto, so I don't know. I just wanted to point out that CoO is pretty important for dodging things. I'm not saying that Luffy would beat Naruto, since I have no idea how strong Naruto is.
&gt; Will my kids enjoy it once I have them Once you have kids? Depends on when you want to have kids. I don't think 10 year olds will play Minecraft in 2030. There's probably something else instead, but who knows?
You're overthinking it. If it's played directly from a website in a browser, it's a browser game. If not, it's not a browser game. That's how I think about it.
Would be hilarious for people watching it with English subs, ha ha :D
Really? I don't even remember that, but now that you mention it, Luffy was shot with, right? Would be pretty effective against a Logia.
I think it was a smaller and less destructive ball that he fit in his shoes.
I think FallenEinherjar was responding to NewSpecies, but made a mistake. NewSpecies mentioned that he doubts that Doflamingo will even survive.
This has already been uploaded here a couple of times. Remember to search if it's here already before creating a post with it.
Yeah, Japanese incorporates many English words. It's not just anime or One Piece though. Many songs include some lines in English, sometimes very broken English.
Does Buggy claim that? It doesn't have the same power, so I doubt that very much.
You can't contribute to that much tbh. Wait till you are further in. There are some huge spoilers up ahead. Also, check your spoiler tag. You have made an error somewhere, which makes it into a link rather than a spoiler tag. You can still read it though. Your spoilers are correct, but I would prefer not to comment on them, ha ha :D
Oh, I didn't know that. Thanks. I'm quite new to Reddit myself. I assumed you were as well, since I've seen that error somewhere else on the subreddit itself, not under messages. I assumed it was the same error, but I was wrong.
In the beginning, the pacing in the anime is alright. I think they did about 2 or 3 chapters for each episodes, but since they are both released weekly, the pacing has become slower. We have recently had two episodes that covered the same chapter, though it was actually some of the best episodes in a while, since there was a lot more action. The anime does have a tendency to make stills way too long and slow. Recently there was a character who had to fire a slingshot. It took him 10 minutes. Ridiculous pacing and they kept showing the same clip over and over again. If you are scared of the length, I would go with the manga because of the faster pacing. If you want the series to be long, you can choose the anime without any problem. For the manga, I would recommend the coloured manga. It is released slower, but the first 700 chapters have been made, so it won't be an issue for a long time. You can read it [here](http://bato.to/read/_/284453/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v1_ch1--v3-_by_no-group) If you choose the anime, I would strongly recommend the original Japanese voice acting with English subtitles. I tried the English dub first, and it changes the mood completely for the worse. While the Funimation dub is alright, the 4Kids dub is downright appalling. Avoid it. The original Japanese voice acting is very well done. The characters have some very distinct voices that fit each character perfectly. This is without a doubt one of the best voice acting experiences I've ever had, and that says quite a lot.
This makes me wonder. Is One Piece a good theme for a Dungeons &amp; Dragons campaign?
I absolutely love this idea. I think it is very plausible that Haki is this force of will with various different uses. I would love it if this is the case and not just a new "power-level" that needs to be learned. This theory makes Haki something deeper, something that seems more likely from Oda's side. If this theory is correct, it means that Haki is something much deeper and fundamental to the story than otherwise, and it explains the supernatural abilities of some characters that does not currently have an explanation. Thank you OP for this thread. I absolutely love it. If I didn't happen to be a broke student, I would've given gold.
That probably won't happen...
But then why did Luffy say what he said?
That brings up another question. How does Nami know which direction is south? It is said that it's impossible to navigate on Grand Line without a log pose, meaning you cannot use absolute directions, such as north-south-east-west. EDIT: Found the [page where this is stated](http://bato.to/read/_/276522/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v15_ch130_by_no-group/12) Nami tells Zoro that they should turn around, after which Zoro passes the order to Sanji, but changes it and says that Sanji should make them head south. Why would he say that? It really makes no sense to me...
Usopp follows the same logic. He spend his time in a thick jungle, where no light reaches the bottom of the jungle.
It actually seems like it's not Luffy but Usopp who says it. Is Usopp lying?
But that's not south :( It really annoys me that I can't find a good explanation for this sudden mention of an absolute direction.
If Nami knows the absolute direction, why is she frightened that her compass does not work and why do they need a log pose?
Oh yeah, that's right. Luffy thinks the warmer direction is south and the cooler direction is north. That actually works as an expanation, if it is Luffy who says it. Thanks for mentioning that.
This is the same reason that I don't mind if Nami does not get a fight. Her fights are those against the weather, navigating them through the Grand Line.
That's a possibility, but Vivi never really does any of this in any panel. I was hoping that I had missed something that could explain it perfectly, but it seems it's just not mentioned at all.
My problem is that this question is apparently not answered in the manga itself. We can make theories that make sense based on multiple things, such as [Ko-san's explanation that Luffy says they go south because he thinks it's hotter to the south and colder to the north.](http://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece/comments/3alnjz/chapter_130_navigating_without_a_pose_luffy_says/csdtkte) This just does not explain why Zoro says they should go south a couple of pages earlier.
That would be considered rape...
It is a possibility, considering that Blackbeard and Jesus Burgess talked about having Kuzan join their crew. I don't see a reason for this other than using his Hie Hie no Mi. It would also make a lot of sense as to why they wanted to get the Mera Mera no Mi. I think Blackbeard is just trying to make his crew stronger by acquiring powerful devil fruits. I don't think there is a strict goal of getting all the Logia fruits. This would also be highly problematic, since all the former admirals have one each. Getting Sakazuki's Magu Magu no Mi is certainly going to be a huge challenge.
Well, he is above the legal age of consent, so that would be prostitution. However his mental age is probably lower than the legal age of consent, so that would make it rape. Either way, I don't think it's something suited for a shōnen manga.
Is it? I guess I'll find that once I get there with my first re-read (as in having watched the anime and is now reading for the first time). Blackbeard may just be looking for the powerful fruits that are either eaten by weak people or not eaten at all. I can't see them trying to kill someone very powerful like Sengoku or the former admirals. I do find it plausible that he would want to kill Caribou to get his Logia. [Marineford Spoiler](#s "Killing Whitebeard to get his Gura Gura no Mi is imo an exception, since he could get it without too much effort. There is no way that he would've dared to challenge Whitebeard at full strength outside of a battle. His crew would've been annihilated just by the power of his fruit and the mastery Whitebeard has with it.") I just look forward to getting the explanation as to how Blackbeard managed to obtain the powers from two different devil fruits.
I completely agree with you. As it is now, we have no idea if Blackbeard wanted the Logias simply because they are exceptionally powerful or because they are Logias. Personally, I think it's the former.
Oh yeah, that's absolutely correct. If the other Yonko had interest in a larger territory, the most likely outcome would be that the territories would be split between the other Yonko, which would result in 3 emperors. Would they be called the Sanko then? :O
He is the exception. He is the comic relief and shows how everyone would realistically be, if they were in the position. He is the one who shows how you can evolve from being scared of scared things to become brave and handle scary situations.
Ha ha, that's right. Damn, that's fucked up though.
Who is that? Would love to see some other pictures of him.
The best evidence for this theory, is that Lucky Roo is in a panel by himself, looking pretty serious while biting off a chunk of meat. I don't see a reason to include him other than him actually having something to do with it. The "Luck was on their side" wording further enhances it, because it mentions something explicitly. I think this is a really nice theory. It has some strong points to it, and it explains his name.
Krieg would've been able to survive Grand Line just fine if not for Mihawk. Mihawk is one of the strongest characters in One Piece. I think he is on par with an admiral. Krieg would have been wrecked sooner or later in New World regardless though, since there are quite a lot of crews with at least a single member nearly as strong as Mihawk. Given Krieg's arrogance, I think he would rush it, thus resulting in his defeat much sooner than what should be expected.
I know, but the movie already showed it, and it was not really that good tbh. It would be cheap from Oda to do that. There are many possibilities for the egg. So far, it has not been shown clearly. We only have a poor view of it in the manga and a subsequent model of Oro Jackson with the egg on it. Personally I support the idea about it being Uranos. It could be a dragon or something else, but I like to think of it as the third weapon. It could actually also be One Piece. I don't think the egg is Raftel. It is said that the Roger Pirates have confirmed the existance of the island, a turtle or not, but that was when they had the egg, or at least only a few years after the egg hatched. How could it grow like that to become what is pictured in the manga with cliffs etc.? Something doesn't quite fit with that theory.
I agree. I think it's a preparation for the upcoming war.
Alright, I guess I will find out once I get there reading the manga. Currently at chapter 140 or something. Also, your spoiler is a link :(
Well, there is the theory that Mihawk is part of Shanks' crew without anyone knowing, except for the top guys in the crew. He could be his mole in the World Government. This explains why he is only friendly towards the Red Hair Pirates and does not really bother socialising with anyone else at all. It also explains his rivalry with Shanks to an extend. They seem to be the same age, so they may have become friends after the Roger Pirates disbanded and they could've formed their rivalry then. Perhaps they fought about who should be the captain? That would mean that Mihawk lost, but since he didn't want to have Shanks as his direct boss, he became his mole instead. This is not impossible, considering that Vergo was a mole for Doflamingo for 15 years.
I'm not caught up with the manga yet, and I didn't get it either. That is definitely a good thing. Keep it up. These are awesome to watch the day after watching the actual episode :D
It could be. I just don't see why it would be a better foreshadow than the one Oda gave with Zeff calling the first half of Grand Line "Paradise".
Why not? Mihawk is not the strongest character in One Piece, so he could easily have lost against a future Yonko. He still get information from the World Government, and tbh, who knows what he is doing? We just know he spend the majority of the time skip training Zoro, but he would still have a lot of time to do other things than sitting around.
Yes, I know you weren't aware of it until it was pointed out. I saw the O__O smiley :D My point is that Zeff talked about Paradise in the manga prior to the second opening. He meant the first half, but considering that nobody other than those who have been to Grand Line actually know about it, he probably didn't mention that it was split in two. Or maybe he did, but Luffy didn't understand it. But you're completely right that the opening could be foreshadowing of the first half of Grand Line. I just don't think that's the case :)
If he lost only to someone who is not considered a swordsman, he would still be called the strongest swordsman. I don't really consider Shanks a swordsman. He uses his Haki, as seen in his dual with Whitebeard on Moby Dick (probably CoC).
To answer it, [Spoiler](#s "what I meant is that his fruit has incredible destructive power and is very useful against many enemies, which makes it great at defeating a whole crew at once. He can easily defeat a single character, such as Blackbeard, without using his fruit, but it would make it much harder to defeat a whole crew, if this crew was too strong to be impacted by CoC.")
Don't get me wrong. I love Mihawk, one of my favourite characters. As I see it, Mihawk is about as strong as an admiral. You said in your comment to Single_Now that such a strength was too low. I think there is something you misunderstand. The admirals are probably among the 10 strongest characters. They are the strongest force the Marines have, and personally, I think they are stronger than Garp and Sengoku (we don't know about Kong though), but I also think that Garp and Sengoku were stronger back in the days of Roger than they are now, which would put them on par with the admirals. This means that, as I see it, the strongest character from the Marines is Sakazuki, followed by Borsalino, Issho and Ryokugyu (whom we have yet to see). We don't know Kong's strength, but I would put it around the same level. It speaks against his power that the World Government calls the Marines the strongest powers they have, but they could also just be hiding Kong's powers. There is no doubt that Mihawk is the strongest Shichibukai. I don't question that at all. But putting him above the admirals is questionable. I would put him just below or on par, but not above. If Mihawk was stronger than any Marine, I don't really see why he would choose to become a Shichibukai. If he was stronger, the World Government wouldn't dare to challenge him, fearing that this would make him join their enemies (such as the Revolutionary Army). Mihawk would not gain anything by becoming a Shichibukai. On the other hand, if he is slightly weaker than admirals, he would fear that the World Government would send an admiral to stop him, if he ever did something to anger them. Becoming a Shichibukai would solve this. TL;DR Mihawk is a beast, the strongest Shichibukai. But he is on par with admirals at best.
As I see it, there is a trick to it. Roger wanted to tell Whitebeard how you get there, but Whitebeard didn't want to hear it. One Piece is Roger's will and dream, which will be inherited by someone at a later point, and Whitbeard knew that he was not the one. He knows that it has something to do with the inherited will and that someone else will do it. At that time, nobody had inherited his will, but we now know that Luffy has, which means he is somewhat "destined" to become the next Pirate King. I don't think reaching Raftel has anything to do with having powerful devil fruits. Maybe something that helps with your navigation would be handy, since I think reaching Raftel will be Nami's biggest challenge. I also don't think that Blackbeard will reach Raftel. I think there will be a final battle between the two crews, but I don't think it would be on Raftel. But who knows? This is just speculation, since we don't even have any clues yet. We still have 10 years to go :D
I don't, but I do use the colourblind option when I play video games on my desktop. The colourblind option in League of Legends is great for us with problems in the green and red area, since it changes the green colour of team mates to a blue colour to better distinguish it from the red colour of the opponent.
Yes, this is what I got as well, before checking this. This is accurate :)
As I see it, Roger was never much stronger than an admiral, which implies that Luffy won't be either. Admirals are some of the strongest characters, which means that just getting on their level is a major achievement in itself, and only a handful of people are actually on that level. If Luffy were to fight an admiral after this arc, he would have his ass handed to him. He would not stand a chance and would give the admiral a minor wound at best, while Luffy would be completely defeated or even killed if that was the intend from the admiral. This means that if Zoro gets on the level of an admiral, he would already be one of the strongest characters. He would be able to defeat pretty much anyone who stands up to him. About Mihawk. The only reason I see for why he was never seen breaking a sweat, he has never been seen in a serious fight. Meanwhile Sakazuki was fighting Whitebeard, which is on a whole different level from Vista. I also think that neither Vista or Mihawk was actually trying. I think they saw each other more as friends rather than enemies, given the kind of "friendship" between Whitebeard Pirates and Red Hair Pirates and the friendship between Mihawk and Shanks. I don't think they wanted to beat each other, but rather wanted to have a little sparring. Mihawk is much stronger than Vista, which means that he would have no trouble fending him off while thinking about Luffy if Vista didn't go all out. &gt; There is implied evidence of him being yonko level or stronger but there is no evidence making him admiral level or lower. What is "yonko level"? We have only seen a yonko at the verge of death fighting, which means we have no idea how strong yonko's are. We know that Kaido is pretty strong, given how frightened Doflamingo was when Law mentioned him, but he would be just as frightened if he had an admiral on his ass. If Issho had turned against him instead of Law, he would've been destroyed right then and there. But he knew that Issho couldn't touch him, since he never did anything wrong by the standards given to him from the World Government. This means that Kaido is not necessarily stronger than an admiral. So as I see it, admiral level is top tier. There is no level above admiral level, certainly not a yonko level, since we have no idea how strong they actually are. I would put Shanks on the same level as Sakazuki, not above, and I would put Garp below this level. Prime Garp would probably be a bit above, but not by much. Same goes for Roger and prime Whitebeard. This means that the highest level is admiral level, with a few individuals above them, such as Roger, prime Whitebeard and future Luffy. So far we have no evidence that suggest that the World Government has a stronger weapon than the admirals. Quite the opposite actually, since they are described as being one of the three powers in the world. Personally, I think they are hiding something, but not individual fighters who are stronger than the admirals.
Sorry, but not really. The English dubbing sound forced in some way. Kind of like how bad actors act. It's cringy in a way. Of course it's not that terrible, but I constantly think about it. It's probably just me, but most of these translated works, be it dubbing or songs, just don't sound good to me. I prefer the original, and the Japanese version of "We Are" is one of my favourite anime openings. I do like some translated songs though, but these are mostly high budget ones using famous singers.
I sincerely disagree with you. As I see it, there is not much of a difference in power between the top guys, and the top guys include admirals. I don't think Roger was ever much stronger than an admiral. Sure, he could defeat an admiral, no problem, but it would still be quite a long fight. I don't see the fight between Sakazuki and Whitebeard as one sided match. I see it as a close fight in which Sakazuki got the favor because Whitebeard had other things on mind, including fending off Borsalino. The fact is that Sakazuki won and pretty much blew away Whitbeard's head. I think the World Government has some kind of secret that makes the Marines willingly work under them. Perhaps some kind of weapon that could destroy the world. I don't know, but I think it may have something to do with the information Doflamingo has on them that makes the World Government bend their rules a bit in favour of Doflamingo. I really don't think they have some individuals with more power than what the Marines can offer. Because if they do, why didn't they use it to completely annihilate the Whitebeard Pirates? They do have something up their sleeves, but not something that makes the Marines look like puppets. How do you know that any yonko can beat any admiral 1v1? We have never seen such a fight, so we don't know. The closest we have is the fight between Sakazuki and Whitebeard, in which Sakazuki won, albeit under unfair conditions. But this just proves the power of admirals. If an admiral can beat the strongest man in the world under unfair conditions, they have to be very strong indeed. &gt; Mihawk is stronger than an admiral due to plot reasons.And admirals are not the strongest individual fighters in the government. What evidence do you have to prove this? As I see it, it's highly speculative and rather controversial, since it is stated that the admirals are one of the three powers in the world, that keeps the balance in place.
As an anime only currenty reading the manga, I agree. I'm at chapter 177 (middle of Alabasta Arc) and the coverstory about Jango has just ended. I learned something new! They did the cover story about Buggy, and it was actually pretty good. I have no idea why they don't do this. It's pretty stupid tbh.
Well, aren't we already? I mean, with a chapter/episode a week, it's moving so slowly that it's ridiculous given the size and complexity of the work. But yes, let's hope Oda does not suddenly decide to take a year long break.
Brook. A character becoming a maniac after 50 years of isolation. Hell yeah!
Yes, I will get downvoted for this... Why do people constantly write "could of" and "would of" instead of the proper "could've" and "would've" which is a shortening of "could have" and "would have". Why do people think "of" would be the proper shortening of "have"? It makes no sense whatsoever...
My point is that shortening "have" to "of" makes no sense. Why not write the proper shortening? Is it because people are not aware what the proper shortening is, like how people confuse your/you're and there/their? I don't understand it...
I think you're right, and I hope you are. Another great thing about this is that Oda can finish One Piece much sooner and then later revisit what we heard had happened and saw the result of, this time telling it as he would, had he featured them explicitly in the manga.
I will join for the next re-read. Thanks for doing this :D
I was thinking that he could finish the story quicker with the GoT style, then take a break and/or do something else. 5 years or 10 years later, he could go back and show some of the things we didn't see explicitly because of the GoT style. I doubt Oda would leave One Piece for good. He has spend too much of his time on it for that to be a possibility.
Hopefully every other day. I think that would be better :)
You'll get answers to some of those questions later, so I won't spoil anything. I can answer some of it though :) * The Water 7 saga is among the best in the series, and a heavy fan favourite, so that does not surprise me. It was very well made and it's one of my favourite, though my absolute favourite is later in the series, so you do have something to look forward to ;) * We all cried for that damned boat. So sad :( * Water 7 is the saga where Usopp really steps up and begins being a real threat. As shown earlier, he does have so qualities, but Water 7 is where he uses them properly. That begs the question what on Earth will happen later? ;) * Vice Admiral Monkey D. Garp has a son named Monkey D. Dragon, who again has a son named Monkey D. Luffy. So yes, Luffy's grandfather is a vice admiral in the Marines, while his father is the leader of the Revolutionary Army. As for Ace, this will be explained later, so I won't spoil anything. Garp is really strong, and you will see some scenes where Garp's superior complains to Garp about his family. * I agree with you on Kaku. I felt bad for him as well, since he seems like a good guy. I think he is a bit like Mister 2 from Baroque Works. He was in a terrible organisation, but was not a bad guy. * There is definitely a reason to believe that Franky didn't destroy it. Maybe I already know the answer, or maybe I don't? :) * Luffy's gears are amazing. Such a nice power-up that makes fights much more interesting. Until Enies Lobby, every member of the crew had slowly grown stronger, so don't you think this trend will continue? ;) * CP9 was interesting. The group was definitely bad, but most of them seemed like they were just kind of caught there, like Kaku and Bueno. They didn't seem evil, but just followed orders. We know that Rob Lucci was evil, and that he was trained as an assassin since he was just a boy. Maybe the rest were orphans as well and were trained assassins, which means they didn't really have much of a choice. This was definitely not the case for the earlier antagonists who were all assholes, if not downright evil like Rob Lucci. It was really nice to have a more grey villain. Oda definitely learned how to write interesting antagonists. Maybe this trend continues? * Usopp had shown disrespect towards his captain, Luffy. This is unacceptable, since the captain has absolute authority and must not be questioned by crew. Think about it like the army. If somebody questions his superior, he will be punished. Even if the captain is wrong, the crew has to obey. Of course they can talk to him and explain the situation the way they see it, if they have the time to do so, but the captain is in charge. But he is also the one who takes responsibility if something goes wrong. In a war situation, it's a matter of life and death, and the crew must be able to work as a single unit. If they begin to argue, they cannot act quickly, and this can be deadly. Zoro cannot respect a captain who does not hold authority, and that's why he will leave if Usopp does not apologise. After Usopp's apology, Luffy is free to apologise as well, but since Luffy has the authority, he must not apologise first. * The D. is an important part of One Piece. At your point in the story, we don't know. I don't want to tell you whether or not we know it at episode 724/chapter 811, since that could potentially spoil a lot. It's supposed to be a bit of a mystery, so you'll just have to be patient :) * The Oharan incident is a key turning point in One Piece. It shows that the World Government is strict and punishes those who questions them. This is an essential part of a tyranny, which is what the WG is. Until that point, we still didn't know enough about the WG to tell if they were good guys or bad guys, but after Enies Lobby, we know that they are at least partly bad guys. * Aokiji follows his own set of justice, while other Marine officers follow the absolute justice that the World Government controls. The guy who destroyed the Oharan passenger ship followed absolute justice, while Aokiji does not. Aokiji is a lot like Saul in that sense as well, since they both question the absolute justice from the World Government and instead follow their own feelings of justice. This is a recurring theme, so be sure to pay attention to it whenever it is brought up. Let me know if there is anything else I can help with. I really enjoy revisiting earlier parts of One Piece, and if it can help people, that's awesome :D
Which chapter was that? I'd love to go back and check that.
That's awakening
It was a joke, like reverse gear.
Exactly what I meant, yes.
Makes the game focus too much on making money as quickly as possible.
How does the law work at your place? Here the shops can only charge you when they send it for shipping, which means that in your case, I would simply shake my head and cancel the order without losing a penny. But this of course depends on the law.
As others have suggested, ask YouTubers if they'd be interesting in playing the game. If yes, send them X keys they can give subscribers after they have featured your game on their channels. Should work reasonably well.
That's basically the price they're worth used. An absolute steal. If this was closer to me, I would buy one just to have it unopened.
Add to that how arrogant Crocodile was about his powers. He never expected anybody to be able to negate his powers, so it kind of took him by surprise. But I think it was plot armour to some degree as well.
Crocodile was still incredibly arrogant and cocky, as seen when he is laughing cruelly all the time, but as soon as he starts getting hit, he is pissing his pants in fear. This reaction is why I stated that he never thought anybody would negate his powers so early in the Grand Line. Whether it was obvious and he should've expected it has nothing to do with that. Oda wrote him like that, and that's what I comment on.
Based on the snapshots we have seen of her vision, Luffy was simply standing in a destroyed area of Fishman Island. We don't know if she saw more than that, but if she didn't, Luffy does not need to be the one destroying Fishman Island, and the prophecy would simply be that a part of Fishman Island would be destroyed. Such a prophecy would be fulfilled by a war on Fishman Island.
I think it's hard to tell. We have seen quite a few characters being brutal, including Jack, Sakazuki, Rob Lucci, Shiryuu and Enel. But they are not brutal in the same way. I would say that Jack, Enel and Shiryuu are quite hot-headed, while Sakazuki and Lucci are both very collected. Lucci lived for 5 years doing normal work and living a normal life. The hot-headed brutal characters wouldn't have been able to do that. Meanwhile, Sakazuki is a fleet admiral, and is thus probably calm and collected when he needs to be. Shiryuu went around killing his subordinates for no reason. Sakazuki wouldn't be able to do that as the fleet admiral, since he would've been thrown to prison by Kong and the World Government, like Shiryuu was. The reason Jack can rise to the top while being hot-headed is because he is a pirate. He never needs to be calm and collected, as long as he simply follows Kaido's orders.
I think he would be stuck in whatever form he had when he got exposed to it. If Marco had been a phoenix when he was cuffed, I think he would've stayed a phoenix.
There's a difference between laughing and being mean. Laughing is an honest thing. Sure you can force it and use it to be mean, but the laughing in itself is not mean.
I need to start using more than 4 fingers for typing. My index fingers are doing 90% of the work. Got to wave 10.
Well, it could be a Razer fanboy.
I'd rather never play games again than only playing RTS on consoles. Must be so painful with a controller.
PS3 emulators are rather far already, so maybe we will be able to play Last of Us with the help of FinFET.
I thought any PC gamer praised Linux for it's customisability and the fact that it's open source? Isn't that essentially what makes us different from consoles?
Holy shit! Maxed out 4K? Whenever I try that, everything becomes way too cinematic.
Never followed Halo, since I've never owned an xbox
That is a true sight for his holiness
Kuzan is 47/49 depending on the timeskip. Could be a nephew?
Didn't Brook say that he floated around for 50 years? Or is it just about 50 years?
Paid for my first computer at that age as well, so yeah, dunno what that guy is talking about. Perhaps he was spoiled as a kid?
To my understanding, Luffy's body gets stronger and stronger and the effects of gears on his body gets smaller and smaller.
emtering Thanks man! I've though about buying this game for a long time, but sadly missed the holiday sales :( Would be awesome to play it :D
This happened to, except it was with Komplett. My Gigabyte 6850 failed after half a year, so they sent me an Asus 6950. That was a very nice upgrade, but holy fuck it was big. That was the days of the DirectCU triple slot cooler.
I agree with you. Jack has more going for him, but Pekoms could be in that league. He is just not as flashy. He did seem rather close to Big Mom. It would be epic if Pekoms was actually as strong or stronger than Jack, since it would really show how bounty and hype is not all.
fml. I have most of those on my to watch list but haven't watched a single one of them. I did watch FMA though. My favourites would be Steins;Gate, Initial D, Cowboy Bebop, Great Teacher Onizuka, Hajime no Ippo and Mushishi. I actually consider all of these better than the One Piece anime. I simply cannot give One Piece a 10/10 with the slow pacing and poor animation it has. Sure, it has some great animation when it really matters, and I know this has a lot to do with the format of a weekly anime, but still. It won't happen. Everything within the universe, like the story, the world, the characters etc. is easily a 10/10.
I'm pretty sure that Pica would beat Kaku to a bloody pulp without breaking a sweat. Kaku would probably be unable to even hit him because of CoA, since Pica was shown to be very confident that Zoro couldn't hit him.
I need to watch the 50+ animes on my to watch list. One Punch Man is the first one :)
After a few months, I started reading the entire manga. First it was just to ease into it, since I found the black/white manga too different from the anime to give me the same. So first the coloured manga and then black/white once I ran out of coloured chapters. And now I'm sitting here, hyped by the latest spoilers. I WANT TO READ IT, DAMMIT!
Not me. I started August 2014 at age 18. I'm just a pleb compared to you veterans.
All those guys are pretty damn powerful, and you don't give them nearly enough credit. If they all were so weak, why weren't they overthrown? Being the number 1 broker of the underworld of New World must give Doflamingo some mad cash. If the Donquixote family was so weak, then why didn't someone stronger claim that position? Also Doflamingo was terrified of the possibility that he wouldn't be able to deliver the Smiles. That must make them very important for Kaido. If the family was so weak, why didn't Kaido send Jack to secure the source of Smiles? All this must mean that if anything, the Donquixote family is underrated. The thing that makes them appear weak is that the Straw Hats are now much more powerful than before. This is all really just a testament to the strength the Straw Hats have acquired over the timeskip. The more I think of it, the more powerful they seem. As for Rob Lucci, he needs to have ramped up a lot. Otherwise he is just fodder at the level we are now. He was strong at the first half of Paradise, but he is just a cabin boy compared to the big guys of New World.
The thing is, we just don't know. Perhaps Pekoms was the strongest mink when he was there, perhaps he was just average. Atm, Pekoms could be stronger than Jack. He could also be on the level of a standard vice admiral. I really hope he is up there with Jack, since it would make it all more interesting :) EDIT: Just read the latest chapter. Guess you were right and I was wrong, ha ha :D
I disagree. I think that the reason why the family never showed how powerful they were, is solely because Oda wanted to move the plot faster. If he had focused more on showing how strong the family was, we would still have a lot left of the Dressrosa arc. We know that it requires a lot of strength from a crew for them to take a spot as a yonko. Burgess is one of the top guys from Blackbeard's crew, and thus it is reasonable to assume that he is pretty damn powerful. Sabo is the second in command of the Revolutionary Army, who is probably one of the largest forces in the OP world. Again reasonable to assume that he is very powerful. Meanwhile Diamante is one of the top guys of a Shichibukai, which is basically a whole tier lower than that of a yonko. The fact that Diamante could even put up a fight against Burgess and Sabo is incredible in itself. I really don't know what you'd need to see before you would acknowledge that this is an incredible feat of power. Being the number 1 broker of the underworld is VERY important. The Roger Pirates were the pinnacle of success only if your measure of success is freedom. It would surprise me if the Roger Pirates could've handled the Marineford War better than the Whitebeard Pirates, had they been in their stead. You don't win a war with individuals. You win it with the power of numbers. Why else would Kaido feel that the Smiles are so important to him? Weapons are what makes you powerful as a faction, both in the real world and in One Piece. I don't think your last comment is meant for me. I'm not salty. On the contrary, I really enjoy friendly discussions like this, and I do hope you will reply :)
I haven't watched any episodes since episode 723, so I have a couple to watch tomorrow (or today, depending on where you live) :D
That's not Reddit in a nutshell. It's idiocy in a nutshell.
Yeah, 24 fps became the standard a century ago when storing the film was incredibly expensive. Now it's like a standard and is used mostly for historical reasons.
Out of curiosity, why do you think that not having a reason to be evil made the Fishman Island villains good? Imo a good villain is exactly the opposite, someone who does something really awful, but you can understand and relate to it to the point that you sympathise with the villain. A good villain will look like a victim when seen from his perspective. The villains of Fishman Island were anything but.
Basically, yes.
You're right. But that doesn't make them good villains. I just wanted to know why Shiroe thought they were.
I agree. But as you said, it makes for a good moral of the story, not a good villain.
So you don't think the villains themselves were good villains, but that the fact that they were not good villains made for a strong theme? Or have I misunderstood it?
You are right. Hody just falls flat to me, because he is such a narrow character. There really is only one thing that can be used to describe him, and that is hatred driven by prejudice. But maybe that's just me.
Alright, now I understand what you mean. I can somewhat agree to that. Thanks for elaborating on your view. I must have had a brain fart last night, since I really didn't understand much of it.
I think Doflamingo and Crocodile are still relatively shallow, albeit far more complex than Hody and his crew. But since it is a shonen manga, it has to be rather straight-forward and easy to understand and relate to. One Piece does a great job here. Take Hody for instance. It is crystal clear that hatred is bad, because it produces individuals like Hody. Or Doflamingo. He makes it clear to us that extremely centralised power in a dictatorship is terrible, because they have no idea how reality works. A victim of this would be Homing who is naive and has no idea how reality works and is punished very harshly for the centralised dictatorship as a whole. Even kids would understand this to a certain degree, even though it is far more complex than the example with Hody where hatred = bad + danger.
That is true, however he would hit them hard regardless of the relation between his own CoA and his target's CoA. As we saw at Marineford, simply having CoA is not enough, since it won't work if your opponent has better CoA. Otherwise Sakazuki would've been dead now.
The Marines have most of it, that is true, but it is not very rare. Otherwise every Marine battleship wouldn't be coated with it. However, it could be very hard to produce.
Definitely Doflamingo as well. I've always found that voice amazing. It's kind of like a narrator or advertisement voice. It sounds great, and the laughter is the best part of it. Other than Doflamingo, I really like Brook's laughter as well. It is a ridiculous laughter, but it still sounds oddly natural. You would expect a "yohohoho" laughter to be very awkward and unnatural, but with Brook, it really isn't. Great job from the VA for capturing it perfectly.
This is really great! How much time did you spend on it? It looks really nice :D
That's really impressive. Great job!
But Luffy can't be married, because we all know that men lose their freedom when they are married.
The chapters on batoto are gone. Do you have another place with high quality? I find Kissmanga subpar.
But he was also divorced. EDIT: Poor wording. What I meant to say was more like "not anymore" or something like that. There is no proof that he was ever married or divorced. We just know that Yasopp left his family to become a pirate. That's it.
:(
This could actually be very useful for me, since I have mild autism and is awkward af around women. Thanks.
They are not together, thus divorce. It was mostly meant as a joke, like my original comment.
I found One-Punch Man in high quality there. Problem is that it doesn't work well with Manga Watcher :(
I've been reading TRP TBP and PunchingMorpheus now. What I've found out is that TRP is psychological abuse. The only thing I can use from there is ways to boost my confidence and ways to engage to give a good first impression. Something that is incredibly difficult with autism. Nearly all the rest of it is garbage according to other sources. It's interesting to read about, that's for sure.
Thanks. I found out very quickly that TRP was basically manipulation and abuse. But it opened my eyes to the ideas, so now I know where to tread carefully. In the first post I read, TRP made sense. Kind of a "huh, so that's what you should do in that situation." The I thought that maybe there is a blue pill subreddit. First post is about why TRP sucks with links to other sources, like a 67x gilded post on EveryManShouldKnow or something like that. Really interesting. I will definitely read a lot more about this and walk in a circle around TRP.
It was a bad joke, I realise this now. It was mostly a reply to how Yasopp is married, which we don't know if he ever was. My reply was meant as another way of saying that he is not married anymore. My preferred theory about Yasopp is that he became a pirate to search the world for a way to cure his wife. I want to belive that Yasopp is a great guy just as much as you.
The coloured version of One Piece has not been translated and released by Viz yet, no.
Really great stuff I think it's obvious that Oda wanted Ace to be a likeable character, and I see some of his qualities as unfortunate circumstances, such as smiling in death, which he basically had to as a D. I think it's also clear that Oda wasn't that great at building characters in the first years. I think he had planned Ace, Luffy and Sabo's childhood from the beginning. This would explain why he failed at making Ace's pre-Luffy background sad and it instead backfires as you points out. I think Oda wanted Ace to have a background not unlike Robin's. You're absolutely right that Ace feels very narcissistic when analysed. I'm sure this is more a failure of Oda than Ace actually being this way intentionally. Thank you for expanding my view on Ace.
So you're saying that Garp is Luffy's mum? Or which role is it that Garp plays?
Well, dictators don't have to be evil. Gorbachev won the Nobel Peace Prize.
That is almost certainly Ryokugyu. It wouldn't make sense if it was anybody other than him.
The whole point of my comment was that I couldn't figure it out. I guess you missed that, huh.
I guess you missed the "Or which role is it that Garp plays?" I couldn't make any sense of your comment. The only obvious role is the mother, but that makes be sense, which my comment humorously pointed out. So which role is it that Garp plays? I'm honestly interested in the answer.
Oh, so you meant not been around long as in lacking screen time and not that he was a new character? I understand it then, and I agree completely.
I don't think there is a bigger message here. My personal view on sibling love is split. On the one hand, there is a very big risk of manipulation in such a relationship, kind of like a teacher and student relationship. On the other hand, if there is no manipulation and they love each other, why should society say no? It's not their fault that they love each other. The only reason to disallow it would be the risk of genetic diseases, but they could just not have a child with each other. There is a story about this. A couple loved each other and had a child. It was a freak and died after a few minutes. Turns out the couple were identical twins separated at birth. This means that there can be no risk of manipulation from their childhood, since they only met when they were adults. They obviously shouldn't have children because their genes are identical, which would result in a stillborn or heavily impaired child. But if they don't have children, who is to say they can't continue a relationship? I sure would allow it.
I understood that scene rather differently. The way I saw it was that Stannis was against it from the beginning, since he knew exactly what it meant. But after he decided to do it, there was no way back. There was no reason for him to back out, because he already knew what it would be like to burn his daughter. His wife, on the other hand, has no idea what it means to burn her daughter, which is why she advocates it. When she finds out what it really means, she is broken and commits suicide. This is really a testament to how good Stannis is as a leader. Once something is decided, he already knows the implications, so there is no reason to back out. This is likely why he is such a formidable military leader.
You're correct of course, my mistake. Naturally they were not identical twins, since their allosomes has to be different for them to have different genders. It must've been late when I wrote that comment. I guess they were just really unlucky then, given how the baby turned out. IIRC they have campaigned to have the incest laws changed, since they are still together. Or it was another sibling couple separated at birth.
I made a mistake in the comment. They cannot be identical, since they would be of a the same gender if that was the case. It would be theoretically possible for male and female siblings to have identical genes for all chromosomes other than the allosomes though, but it would be extremely unlikely. If siblings like that had offspring, it would be very likely to become impaired. The best case scenario would be a clone of the parents (practically impossible), but any other scenario and you're very likely to end up with harmly recessive genes in both pairs of chromosomes. For every gene, the chance of 2 harmly recessive genes is normally very small, but when people are closely related, they are far more likely to have the same harmly recessive genes, which drastically increases the risk that the offspring ends up with 2 copies of harmly recessive genes. And the total number of genes is so large that this is practically impossible to prevent even among distantly related people. The problem is simply so much larger that impairment is a huge threat when the parents are closely related.
I made a mistake in the comment. They cannot be identical, since they would be of a the same gender if that was the case. It would be theoretically possible for male and female siblings to have identical genes for all chromosomes other than the allosomes though, but it would be extremely unlikely. If siblings like that had offspring, it would be very likely to become impaired. The best case scenario would be a clone of the parents (practically impossible), but any other scenario and you're very likely to end up with harmly recessive genes in both pairs of chromosomes. For every gene, the chance of 2 harmly recessive genes is normally very small, but when people are closely related, they are far more likely to have the same harmly recessive genes, which drastically increases the risk that the offspring ends up with 2 copies of harmly recessive genes. And the total number of genes is so large that this is practically impossible to prevent even among distantly related people. The problem is simply so much larger that impairment is a huge threat when the parents are closely related.
Thumbs up and thumbs down is the best system. If people like it, they are very likely to give it the best possible score and if the dislike it, they are very likely to give it the worst score. Why not just a binary system then when people use the other systems as if they were binary? The only thing I'm missing is a meh score. Neither positive nor negative because the pros and cons kind of outweigh each other. But even then, the binary system is much better for casual users than a 10 score system.
For a professional critic, yes. For a casual user, no. Is Steam a place for professional critics or casual users? I'd argue it's the latter.
[Never ruin the nostalgia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SocCv14crus&amp;index=49)
And the US is so keen on preserving freedom. I guess they still have a long way to go.
But can it run Crysis?
KNAWLEDGE is hilarious, so yeah, they must be a good investment. "What's the most important thing in life? KNAWLEDGE. Lamborghini." Hilarious episode :D
I had no idea you could do this with CRT. That's amazing! You do sacrifice picture quality though, if I'm not mistaken. I've yet to see a CRT monitor with great picture quality.
I manually changed it from .gif to .gifv. I'm an idiot.
Really? I had no idea. But then why the hell are we using LCD's? Is it the cost? Sure an LCD is much more mobile, but that's not really a big issue.
Oh. I guess the joke is lost on someone who has no clue what NyQuil is.
Ah, that's pretty clever then. A really good "bad joke" kind of joke. A bit wasted on me when I have never heard of NyQuil before though.
It's about time the plot started moving quickly given how we have only 30% left of the series and it still feels like we're not even half way there. I really hope 2016 will move the plot more than both 2014 and 2015 combined did with Dressrosa. It's cool to have a long chapter where things are really in depth about what's going on right here, right now. But after 2 years of that, I feel like we need something different, like what Zou has been so far. I'm liking it so far.
Yeah, I hope it will be Brook finally showing something useful about the fact that he lived in pre-Roger era and knows about the balance of power back then. Robin has already been utilised a lot as a narrator, and she has a long way to go in that role when the plot moves forward into the RA.
I used narrator for a lack of a better word. I'm not a native speaker. I meant that Robin has been used to explain a lot of things for the crew, since she is a historian. I feel that Brook could take that role as well for some areas, like rumors that were present when he was a rookie, perhaps something about the Vinsmoke family being corrupt and employing pirates. Something Robin would never be able to know, since it would not have been recorded in the history she has/had access to. Brook has to know something important from the pre-Roger era. And it's seems that he does know an awful lot about the Vinsmoke family, which makes me really excited :D
You could say that Shanks is in a way Luffy's rival, but he's not an antagonist, and probably won't be either. I would say that Law is just as much of an antagonist as Shanks. There is no way that Luffy would be able to fight Shanks with the intend of killing him. He (kind of) did that to most other enemies he fought. I would choose the Marines as well. I don't think we have seen any antagonist apart from them who weren't actually evil. Sure they do have some black sheep like Sakazuki, but the organisation itself is pretty much about upholding order. Imo the World Government is what makes the Marines an antagonist, not themselves.
3440x1440 is not that much lower than 3840x2160 though, and that comes from someone with the latter resolution.
Isn't there a problem with analogue films having to be kept in a certain way or a loss of quality will occur? I find digital superior in this way, since you can't really lose it gradually. You either have it, or you don't. Storing it is also very easy and cheap. I find it hard to believe that a brand new highend LCD IPS panel like the Rog Swift PG348Q or Foris FS2735 with 120Hz and ultra wide 1440p and 144Hz standard 1440p respectively don't outperform a highend CRT in every way. Even if they don't, surely the new OLED display from Dell with, IIRC, 2160p, 120Hz and faster response time than the fastest TN while still offering insane picture quality beyond any LCD monitor. When you intend to run this kind of highend setup where the response time, frequency and picture quality is so important, I don't see why you'd ever want to decrease the resolution. If you can afford this, surely you can afford hardware to run it properly.
Thanks mate, I'll do that. I wonder how much it enhances Reddit?
I have to admit that I don't know too much about monitors myself. It just seems crazy to me that an old standard like CRT is no longer used if it is indeed better as you claim. I get that perhaps it's easier to manufacture LCD and they are much lighter and take up less space while using far less power to run, but still. If a 10 year old CRT can beat a brand new high end LCD monitor, it makes no sense to me that we don't use it still. As a side note, I consider the wider aspect ratio of 21:9 superior to a more narrow 16:9. I think 4:3 is WAY too narrow and things look odd when viewed in 4:3 to me. I have tried gaming on a large 21:9 display with a resolution of 3440x1440. It's simply amazing. It was a high quality display, so granted the picture quality was good. But the wide aspect ratio made it very immersive to the point that I would've bought a similar display if I could afford it.
6 months ago the editor of One Piece said in an interview that he thinks we're about 70% into the story. [Here's the sauce](http://onepiecepodcast.com/2015/07/20/working-with-eiichiro-oda-an-interview-with-one-piece-editor-suguru-sugita/)
Yeah, it's really crazy. Chapter 700-801. Chapter 700 was released in March 2013 while chapter 801 was released in September 2015. That's two and a half years!
I don't think Oda will be able to leave One Piece behind completely. Once the story is finished, I think he will take a long break, perhaps working on smaller projects, but eventually I'm sure he will return to One Piece. It would be awesome if he then showed us some of the stuff we didn't get to see but only heard of, like the Kaido v Shanks battle right before Marineford. I'm sure there will be more of these in the future.
I think it will be more like special stories. Like small arcs of 20 chapters depicting something we didn't see but only heard of in the manga. One of them could easily be what Blackbeard did between the Marineford war and the big war (where I think he will be relevant next) or one depicting what the Whitebeard Pirates did since Marineford. I really hope Oda does this after he finishes One Piece.
Just search for the chapter on the wiki, [like this](http://onepiece.wikia.com/wiki/Chapter_700)
You can really see how much slower Oda releases now. Just goes to show how much it effort it takes. Of course it's annoying that when there is a break, but it honestly isn't a big deal. What's important is that he eventually writes it and releases it. If he requires a holiday in a month, I'd be more happy that he does this and feels good about it rather than being on a tight and stressful schedule and his health declines as a result of it.
There was a tiny bit of discussion about when to start it up. I don't know, I guess you could start it up. I would gladly participate and I have thought about starting it myself, but I'd rather wait since I have another manga I'm reading now. If it hasn't been started by the time I finish it, I guess I'll start it up myself :)
I started watching the anime in August 2014 and when I reached the current episode at the time, I started reading the coloured manga from the beginning. Once I hit chapter 710, I ran out of chapters in the coloured version and switched to the original black and white manga where I reached the current chapter around chapter 810. So that would be a first time watching and a first time reading. Next time will be a rewatch, but of One Pace instead. That way I can see for myself whether or not it's worthy of a recommendation for people who don't want to begin a 700+ episode journey with horrible pacing and doesn't like manga. I sure wouldn't want to go through all 728 episodes again simply because of the pacing.
Then he would be a greedy asshole. He wouldn't be able to sail with it either, since it would be way too heavy.
If it is so rare, what's the point, really? If almost nobody can get them anyway, why spend valuable developer time when the developer team is constantly sealing ideas because they don't have time. If only 500 people will get the item in a year, why bother when there are so many other things they could do which would impact many more? So if we make this an item that people can actually use, then why would you want it to have an effect which is unhealthy for the game?
&gt; I will give you that RS3 devs have said dyes take a long time to implement though. Exactly. It takes a long time because it is much more complex than simply adding a new item. I'll ask again, why would you want to add something which is unhealthy for the game?
Not if they simply (re)freeze the poles.
Those 8-bit Starwhats look great! Really great job there :D
Dammit, OP didn't pick up when I purposely misspelled it an hour earlier!
&gt; It's not unhealthy If it removes a gold sink for some players, yes it is unhealthy.
I would love to see some niche BIS items, like how Zenyte is BIS for offence but severely lacking defence. Ranged and magic could use some new, niche choices. Perhaps some set bonuses like Barrows items have?
3rd age bow is also the best shortbow in the game. It's a niche BIS, which is what I would like to see some more of.
3rd age bow is cheap to use, while blowpipe costs about 150 gp per shot. So no, 3rd age bow is not outclassed by blowpipe across the board.
IIRC the first guy to get 99 ranged got his account banned for macroing and it was successfully appealed. He did this by bringing his computer to the Jagex headquarters and show them he had no macroing software. This was back in 2002-2003 or so, so things may have changed.
All right, thanks for clearing it out. I was not certain exactly what it meant, but now I do :)
It's still an interesting thing to have and does offer usages. I would love to see more of this in master clues.
It's still specific items. Amulet for melee, necklace for ranged and bracelet for magic. Compared to fury, that is very much a niche. I think niche just means that's it's appeal is only for specific situations. It can be interpreted as anything between 1 use to almost every use. Fury is also not a niche, since it's a nice choice for those without money for the zenyte jewellery, especially because you would need a necklace and an amulet to completely replace fury for training. That's what, 30m? Quite a lot compared to fury's 3m.
I didn't even know it healed 18! Regardless, my point stands since karambwans are only really used for their lack of tick use when eaten. Their use is that and not the 18 heal. Had they healed 16, like monks, they would still fill their niche just fine.
Believe it or not, but a lot of players would prefer to only have QoL updates with no new content at all. One of them is the current rank 1 on highscores, Lynx Titan.
There's already coloured graceful.
That's another reason for having the new octopus heal 18!
If you don't use it for their unique tick eating ability, you're wasting money. Sharks heal 20 and are much cheaper.
That's even worse, since they take a very long time to fish compared to sharks, which is why they are so expensive. Congratulations, you're highly inefficient.
It would be more efficient to do fly fishing to get your fishing level to 76 for sharks. 76 is rather low anyway. But of course, you decide what you want to do. But my point is that it doesn't matter what Karambwans heal, since their function is tick healing. It's the niche they fill. You can off course use it in other ways, but it's highly suboptimal and not recommended to do.
Which means it would be great if these suggested fish would fill that gap for an 18 healing fish that is relatively easy to obtain in large quantities.
If swordfish suddenly got that added effect, other fish around it would crash, since there now would be no reason to buy lobsters and monkfish if they have the same price as swordfish. The tick effect is very useful, which, combined with the relative tedious methods required to obtain the karambwan, makes the karambwans valuable. As an ironman, you would be better off fishing monkfish or sharks, since that would be much faster to do and more effective for the way you use it. The thing is, we currently have 3 different fish healing 22, and they are all valuable because they heal the highest from one bite. If something was added to heal 23, it would devalue the 22 fish, which would be a bad thing. We also don't really need anymore high healing fish, since we already have those 3 healing 22. What we are missing is a standard fish healing between 16 and 20, since that doesn't exist. Karambwans are not efficient or effective as healing 18, because Sharks are more easily obtained and they heal more, 20. This means that most people will be using monkfish healing 16 and sharks healing 20. I think that's a gap that could use a filling, especially also because monkfish require 62 fishing and Sharks 76 with only karambwans between them at 65. This leaves a huge space between 65 and 75 where these proposed octopi would fit for 70 fishing. In terms of cooking, nothing exists between 72 and 80 cooking. Why not add the octopus there for 74-76 cooking? I wouldn't want to have a 23 healing fish, since it would further devalue the manta ray. I like keeping the current max tier of oldschool RuneScape. The developers do as well, which is why the proposed 80 tier gear from Raids won't be released.
From 95. Check's out. I've never heard of either. I don't actually know what the difference between cable and LAN is either, nor what DSL is. I have an idea what modem is, but not sure. I would actually like to know, but I doubt I would understand a wikipedia site about it :(
I think it's problematic that their download shows byte and this shows bit when there is no description about either anywhere. Valve just assumes that everybody knows that B is byte and b is bit and that nobody, under any circumstance, would confuse the two. I find that a bit optimistic to say the least.
A programmer's wife tells him: ‘Run to the store and pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen.’ The programmer comes home with 12 loaves of bread.”
[/r/humblebrag](https://www.reddit.com/r/humblebrag)
Holy shit! This would be amazing in 2160p! I'll give gold to whoever finds that.
Thanks for sharing this. I had no idea. I always get depressed when I see the Linux stats. Nice to hear that they are very inaccurate.
Exactly. But I would argue that it's even more narrow. Some console gamers are simply ignorant about the facts and don't really care whether the PC or console is the better platform. I wouldn't call them peasants tbh. They are usually open minded and listen when you correct them. Peasants wouldn't do that.
So that's what happened and that explains why I haven't experienced it since I moved from 120Hz 1080p to 60Hz 2160p. I had no idea :O
It's summer in Skyrim!
Tbh, a lot of the Nazi stuff is really cool looking. The only downside is that, well, it's Nazi stuff.
The PSU is even turned upside down.
Best laugh, and best voice, goes to Donquixote Doflamingo for me. That evil laugh is fantastic.
I sure hope the case is one of those.
Would that actually matter?
How is something in competition if they don't offer the same thing? That's like trying to say chocolate competes with whisky. Sure, you consume both, but you wouldn't choose to consume one over the other at all times because they are widely different products. That's the principle [darklynx4](https://www.reddit.com/user/darklynx4) is trying to make. Uplay and Origin are exclusive sites for Ubisoft and EA titles respectively. As such, they don't compete directly with Steam, because it's not the same type of product, just like whisky and chocolate isn't the same type of product.
I hope it won't come to that, but I fear that is what I must do. It took me a few hours to setup last time, so if I can save that, I'd really appreciate that :) I'll be gone for half an hour or so. Once I get back, I will reinstall everything unless a genious has come around with a quick way to fix it.
I'm sorry, I don't quite see where the argument is going in that case. What are you trying to argue? What's your point about 0.5L colas cost more than 2L colas?
If you're just a bit controversial in what you say on any public forum, you'll get "hate". On any subreddit, this gives you downvotes, even if you take a stance looking for objectivity. Even questioning things from an objective standpoint can give you downvotes. The "us vs them" feeling of some people is just frighteningly extreme.
Going even more technical, KB&amp;M is objectively inferior for some genres. The lack of analogue control makes it worse than a controller for racing games for instance. Overall though, it's better. But if some want to play their games with a controller, that's completely fine. Most people play casually anyway, so it really doesn't matter. Just before posting this comment, I thought about Super Mario 64. I can't imagine playing that with KB&amp;M. I wonder how good it would work though?
It used to be called 2007scape IIRC.
You have not proven that. You have just stated it.
And Go!
If you're a stubborn person, you will see everything added after that as being "not runescape". That's just how this goes. I think Summoning was very much RuneScape, even though I started playing in 2004. In a modified version, Summoning would be great for RuneScape. And I don't even like Summoning.
Zezima I have no idea. I've always ended up the wrong places...
Pieve was added after Steve left to replace Nieve. It ends at Pieve.
The bolts you lose is not the same as the bolts on the floor. They are two different and mutually exclusive groups of items.
I stand corrected then. I definitely thought RuneScape 2007 was used officially together with Oldschool RuneScape at some point.
Was about to write this. Some of Vox's YouTube videos are entertaining and informative in a well made way. They really are amazing. I learned that I had a useless tendon in my wrist from Vox.
The only thing that cheers me up about this, is that it brought awareness to astrophysics and that an Indigogo campaign collected $24,000 for him to say sorry for the shitty treatment.
I really don't understand the hate for Tommen tbh. He's just naïve af because he was always overshadowed by Joffrey and none of his parents seem to have ever really cared for him. Robert didn't give a damn about the children, because they weren't like him (and not his children either anyway), Cersei was being Cersei, more busy with keeping up appearances and finding people to hate while Jaime couldn't really take the father role, because it would be suspicious. Also, he was an arrogant prick until recently. Tommen is not a cunt. He's a victim. If you hate him, then you do so because he is weak and insecure.
This was really great. I will save this for if I was to introduce a friend to HnI. Thanks for the video.
I really hope we won't see TES:VI until after Bethesda has made a completely new engine. When the basis for your engine was made 25 years ago, you need to do something new. I hope Bethesda will hire some new guys to work on some of the technical aspects to get something new, which can hopefully become as revolutionary as Morrowind was back in the days. Something like that will only happen if they bring new guys onboard to help design a new engine from the bottom up. A 2018 or 2019 release with a brand new engine that can redefine the RPG genre would be a dream coming true.
I recently bought a 480GB SSD for games only just so that I didn't have to delete too many... important files from my 5 year old 500GB WD Caviar Blue.
It seems to me like it's becoming a bit stale. Not much happened from Fallout 3 to Skyrim to Fallout 4 if you compare it to something like the source engine. Maybe they don't need a completely new engine, and frankly I have no experience or knowledge in that area. But if I compare it to other things, if something on a fundamental level is limiting you, it's better to just start from scratch. I don't know if this applies to game engines, but it sure seems that way. That also explains why Microsoft built Edge instead of upgrading IE. So take it with a grain of salt. I'm just a layman in the field.
I think I just don't understand what you're trying to say. Where's that 1/5 of 1/4, which is 1/20 coming from? What do you mean with the "1/5 of the 1/4 that you were losing are now being manually picked up"? Could you clarify?
All right, then I guess you just hate weak characters in fiction in general. I wouldn't say that anything is wrong with that, though it seems a bit odd to me.
&gt; No I just didn't feel like reading the wall of text and arguing anymore, theres no point. Wall of text? There's 7 lines in total? Did you fail middle school or what's going on here? Based on your grammar, I'd say you're more than qualified to read 7 lines. &gt; If I state what I think I get massively downvoted in this circlejerk here of summoning and RS3 bullshit. I've already lost 50 comment karma because I don't agree with it. No, you're getting downvoted because what you're saying is not constructive at all. Your argument in a lot of the comments can be summed up with this one of these: 1. When offered the opportunity of a money sink, as requested by you, with Summoning, you simply said no without going into why. This made you seem like a prick, hence the downvotes. 2. When people argued that Summoning was a good way to implement a money sink and that it could be done in a more Oldschool style, you simply responded with a "Summoning sucks because RS3 sucks". That's not arguing. That's ignorantly bashing on content without any coherence. It makes no logical sense whatsoever. Granted, I don't like Summoning, and it would have to be tweaked a lot before I would vote yes, but it was a damn good money sink. Simply ignoring it is, well, ignorant.
Ahh, that makes sense. Thanks for clarifying. Now I get it :)
Just read it. Takes 2 min. to do. Are you really that lazy?
It's just the vocal minority who are very vocal about it.
Thanks for the giveaway, I did the survey. Brilliant way to make people do the survey :D I noticed that all the music made me feel a bit sad because it was all played in minor (that's what it's called, right?). Because of this, I voted almost everything negative. Is it supposed to be like that?
They cut two of them. Russia is not included either.
There were two clips without music and all of them had visuals.
It's really quite ridiculous. When I found out, I went from being super hyped about Battlefield 1 to being just meh.
That's hilarious! Thanks for sharing.
Remove the comments then.
&gt; Are you high? [You should've gone for the *meme*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_x8e8QwPofc)
I don't think this is a fair comparison at all. When building a PC, you have what, 10 parts in total? I completely understand that first timers don't like to build everything from the bottom, but they could learn to change RAM, graphics card, fans and hard drives in less than 2 min. All of those things are easier than replacing a wheel on a car, which is probably the easiest thing I can think of on a car. Repairing your car yourself would be the equivalent of soldering your motherboard. Nobody expects users to do stuff like that, and personally, I wouldn't do that either, unless it was really basic. Even then, I'd probably ask someone with experience to watch over me to make sure I don't fuck it up.
Tell me honestly. Were you really surprised?
Guess I'll be getting BF1 a year later with a combined deluxe edition containing all DLC once it hits a major discount. Good to know that I won't need a CPU and GPU upgrade this year then. *cries inside while my wallet is bouncing up and down in joy*
I sadly won't pick up this game. I have a 2160p monitor, but the resolution is locked to 1080p. That's just lazy and it would look really bad downscaled like that. Such a shame that the developers were this lazy about the game.
I know, but that still requires a lot more, both in work and tools, than swapping out RAM or adding another HDD. Most things in a car cannot be fixed without quite a lot of knowledge of cars. Even if you could fix the car, troubleshooting is again more difficult than with a PC. How would a layman know what exactly is wrong with the car? A skilled mechanic would be able to tell by driving the car around to test it, but a layman would have no clue. And you can't just test it out by swapping out some parts like on a PC. Your PC won't start? Go to your friends place and borrow his parts to troubleshoot it from the bottom up. That's not something you can do with a car.
Huscarls are the strongest infantry unit. Add to this their speed and their skill with javelins and you get a very deadly unit for sieges.
And here I am having never really played M&amp;B multiplayer. I play it for the campaign aspect.
Warband is definitely the way to go. No real reason to play the first standard Mount and Blade game. I can see why you'd play With Fire and Sword, but not the original. Warband is just better all around.
I'm currently going through a campaign with the Diplomacy mod. It's quite decent and has a lot of great options. Once I beat that campaign, I will do a play through of A Clash of Kings with the same character reset to level 1 just to skip the tedious early game.
I meant the layout, as in the technical construction of the article itself. It's not clickbait since it lacks a "This Is The Reason Why PC Is Ruining Console Gaming!" or similar. That's what my comment was about.
Damn, I never knew that people didn't realise that a thing called "tablets" is not free to use, unlike an unlimited amulet of glory.
But this would be much more expensive to use than normal glories. You can just sell your uncharged glories and buy charged ones for a small fee. It's only expensive if you buy glory(6). It would have to be 100 charges or so per glory, since it costs 30k to offer a glory to it.
How have I not seen that one? Is there a playlist of all cinematics in case I've missed more of them?
omg i didn't know people didn't know basic economics and that a 50 mil unlimited glory could be sold for 50 mil retard Why do you communicate with such hatred?
I have experienced that as well. It is a local problem, which means the issue is with your internet. Your upload speed is slowing down for some reason. Where do you live? A lot of US ISP's have been known to drop internet speeds illegally, so it may be that.
You're welcome :)
I find this much better than weekly series tbh. My brain kind of just forgets about it because it takes such a long time in between. This makes it a pure joy to read. This is the first chapter since I caught up that I read on release day. For the rest of them, I've read them a few days after to 20 days after release. It's a great surprise to see that there are almost 2 entire chapters waiting for me when I visit this sub.
And it's Danish! We Danes cherish everything from Denmark, because frankly, there's not much of it :(
That's exactly how I feel with One Piece. I started watching that back in early August 2014 and caught up by spring last year. After that, I started from the first chapter of the manga and caught up by summer. I've been reading weekly since then, and I especially cherish the discussions on One Piece given the extreme amounts of fore-shadowing and multiple plot-lines running through it. A lot of people spot things that you wouldn't spot otherwise, like [Kid being captured by Kaido](http://i.imgur.com/BSVqRHr.png). For a manga like Shingeki no Kyojin, I don't feel like that at all. I think it's because it's much more linear in the story, and while there are very deep mysteries, they are kind of predictable in the sense that you know when you hear something new essential about them. In One Piece, with the numerous plot lines and ridiculously many mysteries intertwining, it's really hard to wrap your head around if you don't pay attention. Participating in discussions is a good way to get a deeper understanding of it. I think it's also because I began with One Piece before SnK, so there's that as well. It would probably be the opposite if I had started with SnK :)
Too soon. Way, way too soon.
After I had watched the SnK anime and started reading, I heard that people had figured it out ahead of time. I was really impressed. You're right that there is a lot of foreshadowing in SnK as well. But I feel like the current chapters don't have much foreshadowing in them. What they foreshadow will be resolved in a few chapters anyway, since the current chapters are action packed instead of information heavy. I caught up with the manga in the chapter where Bertolt is flinged over the walls by the monkey guy. I've never really experienced reading the information packed chapters on their release, so I think that's why I haven't seen the appeal of entering discussions about them. EDIT: And on that note, I'm gonna hop over to [/OnePiece](https://www.reddit.com/r/OnePiece) to read the new chapter :D
This is why video games and movies can coexist with piracy.
Guess I won't be smithing for a while then :( I hope you guys get this fixed so it can run again. It was great.
They didn't do anything about botting, since the vast majority of bots can do the random events as well as a player. Jagex offered to remove them and made a poll about it. It passed with over 75%. I was one of the over 75% of the community who wanted them removed. Thing is, it was just annoying to have your axe break or being attacked by a an evil chicken and have to run away because you have no gear on you. It makes it more relaxing to skill for those who want it to be relaxing. Those who don't want it to be relaxing can just use the higher focus alternatives which give more xp, such as tick fishing.
I felt it was more like 5/7 than 6/7 tbh.
Gamebryo is 25 years old. Using the same foundation for a game engine for *25 years* is just crazy when you think about it.
&gt; 2015 times So close!
My oldest parts are from when I first build my PC 5 years ago back in spring 2011 when the 2500K had just hit the shelves. Still rocking the same CPU, MOBO and HDD (now only for data)!
I'm pretty sure that id Software will port it to the consoles once the PC version is live and running, just like how GTA V was released to consoles 1½ year earlier than the PC. I interpret it that way, because Tim Willits said that they wanted to focus on the competitive aspect of Quake Champions first, which is an aspect that does not exist on consoles. Unlike consoles exclusives, there is actually a reason that makes sense (and isn't a big sack of money) as to why it's exclusive. I think it will be available on the new xbox and PS4.5 or whatever it's called. EDIT: Nothing that works on consoles wouldn't work on PC. That's the key difference.
This is awesome! I'll be sure to check it out and leave a review when I've played it. Thanks!
Turn any and every single upscaling off. The only reason I wouldn't turn it off would be if I had worse vision than my grandpa.
You need some help tbh.
You're welcome! I used to be pretty bad with stuff like this, but I've tried to not let my feelings get the better of me. So far, it has helped a lot, so thank you for complimenting me on that part. It actually means a lot to me :)
I meant no disrespect with my comment either. If he is truly serious about this, he should seek help. It's not healthy to live your life in a fictional world.
Had the same thing. You'll get used to it. My monitors went from a 15.6" laptop in 1368x768 (or something like that), then a 24" monitor in 1920x1080, then a new 15.6" laptop in 1920x1080 and then a new 28" monitor in 3840x2160. For each time, it has felt odd and too small, but once you get used to it, it's sooo much better in every way.
It would actually be pretty cool if you could add some items like that to the backpack. This would be nice and handy for quests.
How large is your monitor?
I fell on my bicycle and landed on my OnePlus One in February. I've been using an old Nokia phone since then. It's so old that the battery is just fucked up. The capacity is incredibly low, but this also means that it can charge to 100% in 15 min. :D
That gif is basically how everybody feels about trolls. That's the whole purpose of trolls.
It should only be used for a very limited pool of items used for exploration only.
That would be better, yes. Makes it useful when you don't have much space in your inventory.
Who does not think anime girls are hot? However, if that guy was serious in his first post, then he is obsessed with fictional characters and should seek help. If he wasn't, then it's just some funny comments. Either way, that guy would understand it perfectly fine. I don't, and never did, think he was serious, but you never know. This is the internet, afterall.
First? How the hell does anybody accomplish something like that as their first build? That's nuts! Kudos to that guy.
Blast Furnace is one of my top money making methods on my main. With focus, it can net the same as Zulrah, the difference being that you also get 90k xp/hr.
I net over 2m an hour with mith bars at Blast Furnace. I don't have high enough magic to do Zulrah properly, so until then, Blast Furnace is just as good.
You need a total level of 280 to vote. This means that the vast majority of level 3 bots cannot vote.
Oh please. You need 32QP to get the shield. 32! If you do the easier quests, it will take you half an hour or so.
&gt; you still force (defence) pures to quest to use it. As you should. The antidragon shield is a trade able quest item that can only be obtained by starting the Dragon Slayer quest. It doesn't really make sense that you can use it without starting the quest.
You can only obtain the shield in two ways: starting the quest or trading with other players. For lore reasons only, it makes a lot of sense to limit the shield to players who have started the quest. And it is a solution. Sure, it won't get rid of the bots, but it will remove a lot of them. It will also make it more time consuming to acquire bots for slaying green dragons, which again means that this is added time for the bot detection to kick in. This is very valuable, since the process of questing is a lot more complicated than slaying green drags, which also makes it easier to spot with a detector. So yes, it will definitely help a lot.
No, but those who bot on a large scale are likely to have multiple bots running doing different things. This means they cannot use level 3 bots to vote against this question.
I've bought a huge stock of mithril ores for 300-350 gp and coal for 150 gp. This makes a bar cost me 600-700 gp to make and I sell them for 1300. That nets me 600-700 gp per bar. Add to that that I use Miscellania to gather 900 coal a day, which cost about 80 gp each when acquired from there. I make about 3000 mithril bars an hour, which nets me 1.8 to 2.1m an hour.
Mithril ores have been rising a lot lately. When I started, they were 290 ea and now they are 405. You could probably get some for 380 or so. But yes, I always buy low and sell high. I don't really have an urgent need for the cash anyway, and by doing this, I'm effectively doing effortless flipping.
&gt; No other slayer item (not drop) is gated by a quest though? The anti-dragon shield is a quest item, not a slayer item. Slayer items can be bought from slayer masters. The anti-dragon shield can't. It's not required to kill slayer monsters either, nor does it give a big advantage against any slayer monster. How exactly is it that you classify it as a slayer item? &gt; Ava's accumulator / Attractor has never been available outside of the quest though ??? They are still quest items just like the anti-dragon shield. The anti-dragon shield is an anomaly amongst quest items in that it can be obtained and used without doing the quest it's designed for. Why not stream line it with other quest items, especially when it can help against bots? &gt; So now dragonfire shield should also have this requirement too? Perhaps in the future if this poll passes? Why not? The argument for the dragonfire shield is not as strong though, since it's not a quest item per say. &gt; whilst we're at it why don't we allow pures back onto ape atoll? This was polled and didn't pass. You are welcome to contact Jagex for a repoll. Perhaps you'll be successful and it will be polled like the glowing dragon defender? But this is a whole other question and I fail to see the relevance. Is there any?
Which slayer monster are we talking about? Can you find it on [this list for me?](http://2007.runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Slayer_monsters) Thank you.
You don't need to censor his name. This guy is the most famous Battlefield pro, and the rules say that rule #4 does not apply to celebrities.
I've begun arguing with him. Here's what I wrote: ""when I point out facts." Let's dig into the facts then, shall we? I'd love to take up the discussion with you and keep it down to Earth in a civilised manner. To do this, I think we should start with the basics and found out where we agree with each other and where we don't. Otherwise we wouldn't know what we'd argue. I think a good way to start is with how competitive the console is compared to the PC. I think we should look at 2 areas here: the low, casual level of normal play that we all play and the high, professional level of eSports. The reason I see PC gaming as more competitive than console gaming on a casual level is very basic. It's the way you control it. With PC gaming, you have a mouse and keyboard and with consoles, you have a controller. My stance is that the M/KB is more competitive than a controller. The reason I have this stance is that there is no aim-assist on shooters on the PC, while almost every shooter in the history of console gaming have aim-assist. What's your stance on the M/KB vs console argument, and why? The second area that makes a platform competitive is at the highest level: eSports. Here, PC eSports is bigger than the console eSports. Even the most prominent people, like the "Franchise Development Director of the Halo franchise", Frank O'Connor, admits here: https://youtu.be/qwIyXv2PQSY?t=3m57s I think the size of the eSports scene has a lot to do with which platform is more competitive. What's your take on the fact that eSports is bigger on PC than on consoles? Do you agree with it, or do you disagree? I am very interested to discuss this topic with you, and I hope you share the same enthusiasm as I do, given that you're a professional gamer yourself. Thanks in advance :)﻿" What do you guys think? I started it like I did since the guy said "Talk about shit you don't understand, and then throw a temper tantrum when I point out facts." This gives me a little hope that he can be reasoned with at some level if you lick his ass enough. I'd like you guys to stay away from arguing with this guy and let me handle it in a civilised manner. If you really want to discuss with him, I appreciate it if you would do so through me and give me guidance in how to deal with this guy. I will gladly take advice on how to deal with peasants by experienced peasant busters. Thanks.
Your cousin is family. You should go on a holy crusade to ascend him. If you want any advice on how to do this and any specifics, feel free to pm about it. I will help all I can if it means potential ascension.
Yes! - ^^did ^^you ^^purposely ^^misspell ^^Gaben ^^as ^^Gaven ^^because ^^he ^^gives ^^so ^^much?
It wasn't really released in 2009. Version 1.0 was released in 2011. I started playing it in August 2010 in Alpha 1.0.17_04. Back then it had sold about 100,000 copies. We are now above 100 million copies. It only really took off after 2011.
Glorious! But seriously, hit me up with progress on your quest to ascend your cousin.
I am new to this sub. Can someone ELI5?
I found it, thanks :)
You wouldn't want it, because you'd like others to go through the same ordeal, or what exactly? Are you sadistic by any chance?
Those F2P mages could spend 30 minutes and do the quests to use it anyway.
If an xp set is not worth the time it takes to get if you plan on getting 99, then it has failed its purpose. That's just how it is. An xp set should be nowhere near worth it in the short run, but well worth it in the long run (which 99 is supposed to be the ultimate example of).
Then why did you vote no?
A great example of the downvoting is a comment like this, which currently has -15 points: &gt; To be fair I don't see the point as bots will simply get the quest points, also anti fire potions are quite cheap and don't require any level requirement. We might as well add a quest requirement to everything and this is coming from a guy who has quest cape. We need to improve bot detection, a shield locked behind starting a quest won't cut it. I think that is why it is failing. People don't see the point. That is **NOT** a low-effort or irrelevant comment at all. It's somebody who shares his opinion on a topic and tries to explain it, but since the opinion shared is against the general consensus, it's downvoted to oblivion. This is why we need to do something about the downvotes. EDIT: Thanks for downvoting me. Only proves my point really.
If you want it to be harder to get, then why did you call your post "RIP 10 hours of my life :("? That would imply that you would've preferred it to be easier to obtain.
If I cared for fake internet points, I wouldn't post unpopular opinions and just keep the dank memes flowing.
That's not the point. Downvoted comments get a lower priority and is moved down in the comment chains, effectively getting censored. That's an problem for free speech imo.
If this is the case, then "skip" = "no". I very much doubt that's the case.
&gt; trim her armour If you catch my drift ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I don't think this is a good idea. The point of the Fountain of Rune is to give people an incentive to go to the Wilderness. This would remove said incentive.
What is this new BIS item?
I don't think it will go much lower, so I would just pick it up if I were you if you don't plan on selling it anyway. EDIT: I got it for 23m just before it crashed and I'm reasonably content. Prices rise and fall. I would only feel bad about it if I wanted to sell it, but I don't. I'm gonna keep it for a VERY long time.
1. No, it will just function as a way to switch spell book, and maybe recharge prayer. 2. I have no idea. 3. I have no idea. 4. I have no idea. 5. Almost certainly just one. 6. Almost certainly just one.
You need 22 crafting and starting [The Fremennik Isles](http://2007.runescape.wikia.com/wiki/The_Fremennik_Isles) to access Neitiznot, which has the closest furnace to a bank.
I don't think so, since post 99 gives you nothing at all, except a highscore spot. Lumberjack is not fashionscape. It has a purpose and it should be useful for that purpose. It's not a must have, since the bonus is incredibly low anyway, but it should definitely be a good thing to get if you plan on getting 99.
You get graceful by doing agility, sometimes the most efficient ways to earn agility xp. You get angler while doing a fishing minigame, and I did get it within 4 hours. I think it took me 2-3 hours. As you said, prospector is also acquired while getting mining xp. I don't think it should be balanced around the highest xp rates possible, but instead by what is deemed reasonable xp rates, such as chopping yew from 70, magic from 80 etc. Yew gives around 30k xp/hr. That's about 400 hours. 1/40th of this is 10 hours, which could mean that it should take less than 10 hours. Again, things should not be balanced around the highest xp rates possible, but instead on the reasonable compromise that most players seek.
This is not a timeskip change in appearance. Kaido was fundamentally changed as a character.
People don't change from being a normal human being to suddenly look like a horned devil. The character is not the same character.
The problem is that you end up with 25 boots and 14 hats by the time you have the set. That makes no sense and it really shouldn't be like that.
Gear 4 Luffy is a special ability where Luffy inflates his body. Are you suggesting that the current Kaido appearance is due to a permanently inflated body? Timeskip Franky changed appearance because he is a cyborg and can change his parts. Are you suggesting that Kaido is a cyborg? Drugged Hody is a super steroid kind of thing that works for a very limited time. Are you suggesting that Kaido will soon turn into a weak and fragile old man? Alvida ate a soap fruit which cleaned her fat off her body. Are you suggesting that Kaido has a similar devil fruit working with a sort of opposite effect and that he only got this devil fruit during the time skip? I think you need to be a bit more informative.
Could be, but why is Kaido always in his partial zoan transformation? That does not make much sense imo.
Oh, that's true actually. I didn't think about that. Good point. I guess it could be possible, but I'm not convinced. We'll find out soon enough either way.
I think it should take closer to 5 hours than 10 hours when you consider that you don't get any xp at all.
I'm out of the loop. Can somebody ELI5 about what happened to The Division from pre-release hype to now? I have not paid attention to it at all. Thanks :)
It was not a good one, I admit that. I was thinking of trimming her pubes on her vulva, the pubes being armour around her naked vagina.
Thanks, I watched the whole thing. I think I get it now. There's still one mystery for me. Why is it that the recent reviews of the game on Steam are overwhelmingly negative but only mixed in all time? Why the difference?
That makes sense. Thanks for the information.
Looper made a lot of sense to me, and I'm studying physics. The way time travel is presented in Looper is an interesting thought process and it's one of the classic interpretations of time travel in physics. Maybe you just didn't understand it?
&gt; When Young Joe kills himself making Old Joe disappear at the end, Old Joe would have never existed. If Old Joe never existed, he couldn't go back to kill the rainmaker for revenge, which is what caused Young Joe to kill himself in the first place. Not necessarily. That's just one interpretation of time travel. There is a famous interpretation of quantum mechanics called the Copenhagen Interpretation. According to this interpretation, at every single crossroad where there is a choice or chance involved, the universe is split and all instances occur in all the universes. This doesn't make a whole lot of sense, but it's a possible consequence of what is known as duality. If this is indeed true, then time travel as seen in Looper would indeed be possible. There's a famous anime called "Steins;Gate" which shows this beautifully in a simplified manner. &gt; Also studying physics doesn't give you knowledge about things that most people don't even think exists in theory, and I don't appreciate being talked down to as if I'm just not as smart as you are because from my point of view there are plot holes in a movie about a fictional concept. I'm sorry if I offended you. That was not my intention, and I apologise for coming across as rude.
Such a shame! I'm going on a canoeing trip with some friends from the 27th to the 30th, so I won't be able to participate in the AMA :( Hopefully, there will be a glorious message waiting for me at home.
The way Looper handles time travel is a bit different from Steins;Gate. While you could interpret it as different time lines, as you pointed out yourself, I don't think there are different time lines in Looper. My evidence of this is how closely linked the old versions are to the young versions of characters. This can be seen with Old Joe gaining new memories and gradually losing his own. Or when one of the other loopers gets captured to get rid of the old version of the looper. We see how the old version's fingers disappears because the young version's fingers get cut. Another example is how Young Joe realises that Old Joe is creating what he fears by trying to kill the super kid when the kid's mother tries to sacrifice herself to save her son. Young Joe realises that this is exactly what happened to the Old Joe's world where this super kid becomes corrupted and filled with anger and hatred because Old Joe kills his mother. Young Joe prevents this by killing himself and Old Joe, thus changing the future. Whether you agree or disagree with this interpretation is up to you. But the reason why this interpretation is good, is that it's consistent and avoids plot holes.
I love British slang. Mental is an awesome word.
I'd argue that exactly the alts would vote no in this case, since alts won't be doing much questing.
Why would you need to remove dragons? You could still use potions and/or safe spot with ranged, magic or halberds. There are many different ways to counter it. You could also consider the lore. The anti-dragon shield is a quest item given to the player by Duke Horacio of Lumbridge. Lore-wise, how is it that players acquire this family heirloom from the duke if they never start the quest where the duke hands it to the player? This poll would put the anti-dragon shield in line with other quest items which requires you to start the quest to use it.
&gt; It being the BiS F2P Mage defence shield. You can get 31 quest points without getting any combat experience. You can then choose whether you want attack, magic or prayer experience for the last quest. What's the problem with that for pures? Surely a F2P pure wouldn't go for only strength, seeing how you can't get a F2P weapon with strength as a pure? So what's the excuse?
Not if they want their alts to do these things anyway. And it goes both ways anyway. Those who want to vote no would do so on their alts as well.
Yes, since it will bring down bots by a large margin. That's the whole point of this poll. And it makes sense lore-wise, since the anti-dragon shield is a quest item. This poll will stream line it with other quest items.
So it can't follow lore unless it's exactly like RS3? Does that mean that everything in RS3 follows the lore 100%? Or what are you trying to say? Why not make it a perk to unlock this shield by doing dragon slayer? The quest is literally called Dragon Slayer, which means it makes a lot of sense to give a perk to those who have done the quest when they decide to go slaying dragons.
If this poll does not bring bots down, then what's the purpose of the poll? It seems like I've missed the point completely then. Please tell me what the purpose of the poll is. As for quest items, they all used to be tradable like the anti-dragon shield, but this was changed because it made quests trivial. Anti-dragon shield was one of the few left overs. I'm not sure a tradable quest item which can only be used after you start the related quest exists. Most requires completion, like the Fremennik helms. You could do the same with the anti-dragon shield, but this would never pass a poll because of the def xp from the quest. But it could've easily been like this from the beginning. However, there are features which requires a quest to be started, such as the fairy rings.
&gt; RS3 is canon, and the JMods have said they aren't going to intrude or mess around with lore regarding it. You avoid my question. Does everything in RS3 follow the lore 100%? I'm asking you to answer with a simple yes or no. &gt; If it's a reward then no pure will be able to use them. Which is exactly why it's polled as a "you have to just start it, not complete it". Jagex knows that the poll would never pass with a completion requirement because of the def xp from the quest. &gt; If it's required you still lock out people who don't have requirements to do it yet. Yes, which includes bots. It takes half an hour to do the quests required. For legitimate players, this is nothing. For bots, this is huge, since they need to redo it each time a bot is banned.
Lore is a fair point for updates. I'd prefer things to stay related to the lore. The alternative would be a mash-up of weirdness. That's why Jagex very much cares about lore, and so do I.
&gt; RS3 is the lore so it has to follow it 100%??? By that logic, guns would follow the lore if they magically appeared. It seems you didn't understand the question at all. &gt; Aside from that, there's a reason it's been 15 years with the shield having no requirements on both games. What's that reason? I've never heard it, so I'm very interested to hear it. &gt; You said it was a reward, which assumes end of the quest. Does that mean using fairy rings is not a reward for starting Fairytale Part II? Interesting. &gt; People sitll have to get either attack, magic or prayer experience to do this. So? What impact would this have on any player? The only people who wouldn't want either or that would be pure rangers or level 3 accounts, both of which have no use for the anti-dragon shield in F2P anyway. &gt; casual new F2P player. Do casual new F2P players care about a BiS magic defence shield?
&gt; No they shouldn't Who shouldn't do what?
&gt; Assuming these were also changed: - It would be impossibly hard to complete dragon tasks. Why should they be changed? And no, it wouldn't be impossibly hard to complete dragon tasks. Re-read what I said: "You can still use pots, DFS or safe spot with ranged, magic or halberds, or even the walk out of safe spot to hit once, take cover and wait, repeat." &gt; No other monster assigned by slayer masters require items from quests to kill. Again, anti-dragon shields are not required to kill dragons. And the anti-dragon shield has always been a quest item, so I don't quite see your point here. Why are you avoiding my other questions? You're basically just skipping everything. Is it because you cannot answer them? I would prefer if you were open in this discussion. Otherwise, I'm afraid this discussion will be for nothing, which would be a shame.
&gt; Explain how - right now without creating anything to explain it- guns would follow lore? I mean if they wrote lore behind it (most likely to do with dwarfs since we have cannons) then yeah it would but I don't get where you got this idea from. You have to be very careful with what you add, since it needs to follow the lore. The lore doesn't magically change to fit everything you add to the game. You have to write that stuff and it has to be thematically consistent. I'm basically telling you that just because something is RS3 does not mean it necessarily follows the lore. That's why we can still be consistent with RS3 lore while we deviate from RS3. We can also deviate from RS3, which we have already done with Zeah, Zulrah and MM2. There is no precedent that we cannot do something that hasn't been done in RS3. &gt; It's never had it with a requirement because it never solved the issue to begin with. How do you know that? From my understanding, it was never tried, so we have no data to support your claim. &gt; It's not a tradeable reward which was the context. Nice to see you are deviating from the original point. No, I'm not deviating from the original point. You said that by reward I must mean end of quest reward, thus saying that you cannot get a reward at the beginning of a quest for starting it. That would mean that the fairy rings is not a reward. It's a simple logic chain. The context was not tradable reward. The context was that you could unlock the anti-dragon shield as a reward for starting Dragon Slayer, just like the poll said. For some reason this didn't click with you. &gt; pure rangers can use crossbow + anti-fire, level 3 accounts who mage pk use it for magic defense. Crossbows suck in F2P, which makes them completely irrelevant, and level 3 accounts can't mage pk, since they would not be level 3 if they pk'ed anyway. How does your logic even work?
But they still do it. It's not a question of whether or not they should do it, but whether or not they in fact do it.
&gt; So your logic is to now nerf low-level slayer and players from the ability to use anti-dragon fire shields for what exactly? because your exact arguments can be used for bots too lmao. Why nerf? Just do the damn quests required to get the shield if you're a legitimate player. As I said, it takes 30 minutes. If you don't want to do the quests required to get a quest item, then I don't think you should be entitled to have the quest item. There are numerous quests that give you huge benefits. Why can't Dragon Slayer be one of them? You don't even need to do the quest, just start it. &gt; They are required to effectively kill them, just like the nosepeg is for abberant spectres, facemask for smoke devils and ear muffs for banshee's. If you don't have a nosepeg, facemask or ear muffs, you cannot safe spot those monsters anyway. They are figuratively infinitely harder to kill without those items than dragons without dragonfire protection. And you can still get partial protection from potions. &gt; I'm not "skipping" everything, I'm ignoring ones that have no relevance or actual point. Same thing. But this begs the question, why don't you think it's relevant why this poll is created? Isn't the like the most essential part of the poll and hugely affects whether you should vote yes or no?
&gt; it has no quest requirement in RS3, it shouldn't in OSRS unless you are now asking for a lore change in RS3 too? Why? Why is it that we have to follow what RS3 does? If anything, this is a poll that will increase lore-friendliness, since it means that you cannot use **a quest item** unless you start the quest. &gt; This just summarises how clueless you are lmao there's plenty of people that create fresh new mage pures that start from level 3 that -- guess what -- PK!!!! So you're telling me that a mage pure pk'er would be useless if it had level 4 magic instead of level 1 magic? That's essentially what this changes for mage pure pk'ers. It gives them 325 magic xp which raises them to level 4 magic instead of level 1. &gt; If they thought this would fix the botting issue do you not think they would have added that within the 15 years of the game being around lmao? or are we going to add requirements to wine of zamorak because they are botted too? how about white berries? snape grass? nightshades? vials of water? Your argument is this: Because RuneScape has existed for 15 years, Jagex must have considered every possible way to combat bots and they must be right about all of them. Why does it have to be like that? Even if it was like that, then why would Jagex poll this question now if they *know* it won't change anything? &gt; You're starting to bore me with your horrible excuses as to why this is a good idea without covering the core issues. Please do tell me what the core issues are. I'm very much interested to discuss exactly those.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say here. But I can answer your question. I had about 190 quest points when I got b gloves and I'm currently at 231 quest points.
&gt; They aren't a quest item to begin with so you are forcefully trying to limit what players can and can't use. **BUT IT IS A QUEST ITEM! THAT'S THE WHOLE DAMN POINT!** [Take a look here](http://2007.runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Quest_items). Anti-dragon shield is listed there because it's a quest item. &gt; You can safespot banshee's and what the fuck did you just say lmfa0 are you telling me getting hit for 60s (or 30-40s) by dragons is not as hard as getting hit for 5-6s by a banshee???? &gt; Sorry but can you refrain from quoting me from now on, I don't want to waste any more time on someone who thinks like this. I haven't done Banshee's since I'm currently level 75 slayer. I made a simple mistake. Does destroy all my credibility? My god, what kind of person are you?
Jad is hard relative to other monsters.
I stand corrected then. I have never used an alt, so I don't have much knowledge there.
&gt; and to me it isn't consistent. My point is that your interpretation of the movie paints the movie as being inconsistent. I don't think that's fair to the movie, when there are alternative interpretations available which paints the movie as being consistent. I don't quite see how you can use an interpretation which makes the movie inconsistent when I've just given you another interpretation which makes it consistent. I don't understand your opinion, but I do respect it and acknowledge that you are entitled to have that opinion. I had just hoped to open your eyes to another version of the movie. A version of the movie that is consistent and therefore kicks ass.
&gt; Well I don't see my views on the movie as an interpretation That is the exact definition of an interpretation. You call it your view on a movie, but that just downplays it and tells me that your interpretation is not very thought-out. That's an even better reason for you to empty your cup and try seeing the movie in another light. You're free not to respond. I hope you will, since I find it such a pity that you see Looper as being a bad and inconsistent movie, when I think it's great and would almost call it a masterpiece.
The thing is, it can be make perfect sense and be perfectly consistent. There are some theories in theoretical physics which does describe how time travel can work, and seeing some of the consequences they have represented in movies is incredibly interesting to a physics nerd like myself. I guess my point is that it makes sense to me, since I have the background in theoretical physics to understand when it's consistent or not and why that is. There are great movies out there with time travel where is inconsistent and makes no sense. Interstellar is an example of this. That's because it follows one path but deviates from it on the half way, and because it has classic plot holes.
I've been having this feeling that I may be alone on this. I use mouse/keyboard. I feel like I still just need to get used to it, but I've played 15 hours now. It just feels... off in some way? I have a Steam controller, but my thumbs don't seem to be able to get used to the trackpad.
This is one of the games on my list to play in the future. I *just* need to finish Borderlands 2, Witcher 3, Bioshock and Dark Souls II. Oh, and I need to finish off that Warband campaign...
What's the alternative control scheme? Maybe I should try that?
I have all of them. That's why I need to finish them :(
I'll give it a shot. Thanks :)
I'm split. Should I upvote you and give you fire, or should I downvote you to give you ice since you'd rather not see fire?
He was the 5th for me, but I only have 22 friends on Steam, so that's probably why.
I have 300 slots. I don't have 100 real friends who play video games.
