I don't have those settings on.
Want to trivialize PTSD? Post this sort of bullshit. OP apparently knows noone that's served in the military.
This community is extreme shit and threads like this prove it.
Now your level 2 skill spamming game is that much more powerful!
Players: 1 Balmung: 0 when's round 2
2002s and 5006s on main menu now. Aether dataserv
The voice acting before was pretty mediocre, but a big shift in all VAs is pretty jarring at the same time.
S-Still getting 2002s on Aether? So much for a nap fixing the issue... 5006s too.
I've never seen it refresh the position of the queue every update.
It'd probably be nice if they didn't pack all of the mondo superservers into Aether.
Because you're probably not actually spending half your time just trying to log in. Because they would've had the same problems without early access. Launches for popular games are very commonly rocky, and often much worse than this--these sorts of remarks serve absolutely no purpose.
Probably not that much worse. How many people are there really that want to play HW but wouldn't go for the preorder bonus?
Males are fine, if having a lot of weird hair styles / sometimes faces. Females are pretty much the worst. Fight me.
that was code for "quit dressing up your female character in underwear" or maybe "get off the computer you're too horny"
None of you got PTSD from playing a video game. Quit being childish. The fact that you think that's totally fine to joke about really speaks for your collective character.
screenshots seem to take off a few pounds
inundated with off-peak, 9 AM logins
As far as what is familiar to me, [female highlander 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXytHnEdHtM#t=18s) is fairly subdued, but what irritates you and irritates another is generally going to vary widely. There's lots of videos on youtube of combat voices, though some are harder to find than others. [This channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/0Zbox0/videos) seems to have a majority of them, even Au Ra.
I've never personally seen people gripe too much when cutscenes happen in dungeons, but I don't personally like to make people wait, typically.
now solo titan normal
With regards to whether or not cash shop things are RMT: if it's an in-game item you can exchange for in-game currency, generally not actionable. If it's something out of game (such as a code for an item like the Moogle costume from a couple years ago) and you are trading it for gil, that counts as RMT.
You have to have a Zodiac Zeta weapon to skip any of the Anima quest line. Anything below that will do nothing. ARR relics have no bearing at 60 besides letting you skip the Atma 2.0 part of the HW relic quest.
Diadem interest dropped off long before 3.15 because it is boring and unfulfilling + the fact that they nerfed 210 drops. Relic had little to do with it.
I got the impression that was perhaps *the* low pop server, but it really depends on what you're wanting to do. I personally don't get in PF activities that much, so there wouldn't be a big difference between Coeurl and Balmung necessarily (less ERPers to avoid?)
just think of how many invisible walls they'd have to remove
You get 3 allowances every 12 hours, so 6 per day. Leave allowances are shown on the Timers pane with other stuff like Challenge Log and Supply/Provisioning resets.
Greyish, but erring on the side of "no" because a recruitment code is not handled anywhere in game. Stuff like EB rings are generally ignored because you actually trade an in-game item, but stuff like selling Moogle suits from the fan event from a couple years ago is not allowed because it's an out-of-game code. GMs will restore one item only per account ever. Generally don't waste it on replaceable things.
You talk about the Poetics bonus farming for Anima bit (at least it sounds like Anima) as if it is a one-way deal and the people who have never cleared Coil get absolutely nothing out of the experience. Poetics bonus is a pretty accepted way to get some quick resources for Anima, and I do not see the justification for you deciding for other people who are evidently fine with getting to run Coil for the first time whether or not they are being exploited. It's also cute the way you feel the need to point out that the ~*~female FC leader~*~ is using her ~*~sexual power~*~ on the poor FC members. It sounds to me as if you are predisposed to disliking this person, at which point it is easy to view what could easily be normal behavior as cliquey, exploitative, and/or whatever the fuck you call that sexist shtick. Sounds like lone wolf behavior to me.
The only reason DRK might have an SS breakpoint (and the only sort of reason any class has SS breakpoints usually) is to get an extra GCD during Blood Weapon for extra MP. However, last I checked, this is rarely talked about so the benefits don't likely outweigh the drawbacks, which is greater TP loss. It's not likely DRK has a high SS stat weight. Parry is generally regarded as largely useless. Passing up VIT accessories is a bigger problem for tanking than passing on Parry, but a vast majority stack STR accessories. You don't need parry--passive mitigation isn't important in XIV's tank meta, and it's especially irrelevant in this raid tier because most heavy tank damage is magic, which cannot be parried.
Are you using Bane? He may have been griping about single targeting as a SMN if that's what you were actually doing. Usually you start every pull applying your DoTs to one target, then casting Bane after Bio I goes on. You only do Ruin (or Ruin II) as a filler spell. Ruin is by no means a powerful direct damage spell, but you don't just stop using it completely either. Anyway, not only should you typically not need to see the tank's target, but trying to follow the tank's target is counterintuitive because tanks (especially when leveling) will swap targets a lot mid-pull to make sure they have sufficient aggro on each target. A good tank should be able to keep aggro off you regardless of what you target as a SMN since your specialty is AoEing. [Here's a thread about target's target for console, otherwise.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/2jsvd7/ps4_targets_target/)
Nobody needs VIT for leveling.
Since you're not trading for an in-game item, GMs would more than likely qualify this as RMT.
i mean ideally they will actually do something creative with blm and not Fire 2: Electric Boogaloo forever
People on average are just way less good at games than you would assume, being someone who is at least decent at them. Stuff that may seem plain as day to you could be esoteric to someone with 0 experience with the genre. Friend I tried to get to play simply could not get a grip on the game. He'd never done any KBM / WASD games before, and the controller experience was needlessly convoluted compared to a different genre of game.
No, unfortuantely.
If it's available, Unchained -&gt; Overpower is the same enmity as a Steel Cyclone, and obviously you can do more than just one. It was probably a mix of there being a gear discrepancy and you being inexperienced with dealing with a gear discrepancy. Sometimes cooldowns like Unchained and Berserk can be necessary to keep aggro off good players if they are much better geared than you. Long term, I wouldn't be too concerned.
The cast bar game of THM/BLM is more akin to casters in other MMOs. The slow GCD feels shittier subjectively on a Melee with all instant attacks. It's one way to deal with the issue.
Next to never see Diadem farm parties on Balmung. There's usually gathering runs happening multiple times a day though.
Storm's Path can be applied by a WAR at any time, and they can do so while OTing. Reprisal can not completely reliably be applied at any time, and you can only use it while MTing. It is objectively inferior. Just because Dark Dance makes it more likely you will parry doesn't mean it will proc when on command. If you've done any crafting or gathering you would know how draconian this game's RNG is. DD doesn't "promise" you anything other than broken promises.
RMT is virtually nonexistent on the super high pop servers cause they're never open.
the undercut war still wageth on
what color is the tinted glass that produces these sorts of comments in response to a silly monkey hat
Most melee are going to start off pretty simplistic that early on, though Pugilist gives a better indication of what Monk is like later on than the other melee do with their respective jobs. Dragoon very much has a static rotation sort of feel to it. They have high mobility later on with various jumps. They also get more directional heavy as they level from 50-60, where there is pretty much no reason to be anywhere other than the flank prior to 50. They have pretty good AoE burst, and generally middle-ish sustained AoE. They're one of the preferred picks for high personal DPS melee since they bring Disembowel which buffs the Machinist/Bard at no cost to the DRG. But, in general, you will probably have to give any class way more than 20 levels to get a good indication of what it plays like. Save for tanking, very few classes have a lot to do in that level bracket. For healing: since you are troubled with simplistic gameplay being boring, definitely Scholar. There's a lot to manage if you want to be a great Scholar between your non-reactive shield-based healing responsibilties, DPSing, and micro-managing your pet.
They probably wouldn't in this situation where the chargeback would be very deliberate.
Any option to hide the Disqus panel? Really has next to nothing to do with what I'm using the site for and I do not care for it being there. Also bugs me that it's taking up even more real estate than the old version.
Also having this issue. Worked just fine before--unreliable now.
So basically they made the shit stink less. Shit seems like a weird thing to soapbox over.
From what I've seen, most statics don't seem to raid more than a few hours a night. Whether or not it's casual is more determined by how many nights a week they run.
BAWWWW.
Pretty tall order for Copperbell Hard.
probably uncut jade. your lenses seem not terribly functional!
alright, having had some time away, i'm willing to give it another go with new perpsective &gt;i dont hate disabled people but they make great punching bags for when i need to denigrate someone's lack of intelligence, except, dang, doesn't insulting someone's intelligence tie back tho the whole, arhhghhh, agh, i hate knuckled-dragging neanderthals
In addition to the other information here, unless you absolutely need the extra range, pulling with Overpower is more enmity single target than pulling with Tomahawk at only 10 additional TP.
One is the launch OST (simply "A Realm Reborn OST",) and the other is stuff that was added in patches, titled "Before the Fall." AFAIK, the HW one is the only soundtrack that's "been" released on iTunes.
If you heal well, you may not have a need for it most times, but the general consensus is that it's mandatory. Prioritize how you see fit, but place it up there on your list of things to knock out. Some players may get surly if you don't res them because no Swiftcast did not enable you to do so. When something goes awry in a group, it becomes very apparent when the healer doesn't have Swiftcast.
At least your two identical skills are brand new and not carbon copies of skills you already had like WAR and BLM. XIV isn't known for its bafflingly intelligent game design.
What's your ideal situation here? People telling you there aren't too many buttons, allaying fears about playing a class people don't approve of? Is it somehow more gratifying to play a class that gets the Whiny Player Seal Of Approval over one that doesn't, even if it is perfectly functional balance-wise?
A majority of seasonal events don't require higher than 15 at most, and non-seasonal ones usually aren't level cap either. The recent FFXI event was the only event I knew of that required as much as level 30.
There's some old information about leveling FCs, but has anything changed the best ways to level FCs in 3.x, especially solo?
Try having some fun with the server. There's a guy on mine that regularly enters a PF listing offering "free advice."
[Plot prices by server.](https://i.gyazo.com/769eaaa0b1a8c096921cbdcdd4c69d54.png) [Goblet plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/c7/The_goblet_plots1.jpg) [Lavender Beds plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/6/67/Lavender_beds_plots1.jpg) [Mist plot grades.](http://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/images/c/ca/The_mist_plots1.jpg)
don't talk shit about my andross hat
I have a small FC that never really has more than 4 people on and we run Rank 2 actions all the time without running out of FC points. The people you were playing with were evidently shit.
only has a DS3, grumble grumble
that's placing some burden on a group of people that literally have no power over another. you can try to convince them to improve, but in my experience, a vast majority simply don't give a shit
They said they were working on an app ages ago that would let you talk to your FC via mobile, but it's been missing from the radar for some time now.
Food for thought: since the topic is about having specializations for classes and the person in question is wanting to queue as a DPS, maybe the idea is for WAR and DRK to have DPS specs that aren't inferior to other DPS classes--you know, just like most other WoW-style MMOs???? wow incredible concept Here's another one: average DPSers are terrible at this game and a good DPSer playing a tank can outdamage them with ease. And, finally, tanks having DPS specs doesn't break queues in any other MMO, nor would they in this game just because your attitude about WAR and/or DRK aesthetics is shit. Shut up.
&gt; 4.0 It won't.
Like most classes, you will have plenty of time to break Ninja in before it gets complicated. Their priority is Dancing Edge (slashing down) &gt; Shadow Fang &gt; Mutilate &gt; filler (Aeolian Edge.) This basic info should keep you busy until 46, at which point you can look up end-game Ninja guides as your rotation will basically not change before 60. The main thing to remember going from MNK to any other melee is using a GCD like a DoT will break your weapon combos, as they are not stances like MNKs. The main con is that NIN is going to have lower personal DPS than MNK. NIN is also more TP inefficient for drawn out encounters, though recent changes to NIN TP costs alleviated this a bit. They also have pretty much the worst AoE of the melee classes. Pros involve probably being the most desired utility class next to a BRD/MCH. Trick Attack is great for total group DPS. Shadewalker lets your MT do much higher DPS openers since they don't need snap aggro. NIN DPS can be very bursty, so they can take out adds quickly.
It's confusing cause they flip flop on this a lot while leveling. In the 20s bracket, Iron Scale gear is technically DRG gear, but when it drops in a dungeon, only PLD/WARs can roll for it, and they expect DRGs in this bracket to use DoW leather.
this shit seriously makes me hate mmos a little
watch out the male penis aggression parade is in town look i can use body parts as a pejorative too
I totally forgot this was something Champions did. I'd kill for a Deliverance aura that wasn't exactly the same as Defiance, or something to make me hate spamming Souleater less (ESPECIALLY THE SE SPAM.)
It'd been having some on-and-off difficulties for the past couple weeks last I was using it a lot. It'll probably be back in a few hours.
As far as HW gear goes, if you have the upgraded i130 IW stuff, that will last until roughly 55. If it's only i120, you can replace it as early as 53.
https://nz.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/418iwv/saturday_megathread_011616_ask_your_final_fantasy/
I recently spent a lot of time in the 15-26 bracket, and almost none of the tanks were any good. It's a cringeworthy experience to me when someone is obviously new and has no idea what they're doing, but is totally silent when someone else starts telling them what to do. So, when the tank comes around to "Hi, I have no idea what I'm doing," that's a lot nicer since the assistance is at least solicited. I think most people are surprised when a new tank is self-aware enough to talk about how their Riot Blade spamming doesn't work.
DRK's stun is off-GCD. If you're using a stun and it's not interrupting, then that's probably because the devs thought giving melee tons of oGCDs stuns that do damage was a great idea. If you have a lot of melee in your group, a lot of times the primary targets will quickly be stun immune just from them DPSing.
Relic items move pretty fast even on low pop servers in my experience. If crystals and clusters are at least 1:1, those are always needed by crafters. Dawnborne Aethersand, in my experience, was also pretty safe. Wouldn't count on vanity items like pets.
How about being a healer and having to fuck around with your keybinds every time you sync below 54? I hate that people virtually never talk or complain about this. Syncing would be less of a pain in the ass if they changed the way syncing works to bring people with 60 skills more in line with the sort of numbers unsynced players actually do in that level range. Yes, there's some abilities that would simply be too strong by nature for the content in question, but who cares about balance in fucking Copperbell? A tank isn't even required for a long time because content is so trivial, and it'd only be a real problem when you sync to too low levels. FFXIV is literally the only game I've ever played that takes away your character progression when you sync.
DRK does slightly more when tank stance is needed, WAR does slightly more when tank stance isn't needed.
It remains to be seen if they'll do anything about it, but literally all you have to do right now with WTFast is make new accounts every time your free trial elapses. You don't even have to reinstall it in my experience.
They are pretty much "straight corridors." The maps in ARR are hilariously linear. If you're inbetween Whitebrim and Dragonhead, then yes, the two essential directions you can go are east and west. If you go north or south, you'll run into a wall in less than half a minute. Same problem between Dragonhead and Observatorium. Basically north and south only. And there are -a lot- of maps like this. What is nice about the HW maps is they are essentially the size of CCH, but entirely filled in. Also, just because it's better than 1.0 doesn't mean it's good.
I really like big overhead slash animations, so Power Slash is usually my go to for crying all day cause I have to spam fucking Soul Eater instead.
I think the context here is important. At face value, most people will say yes. However, it is often asked whether or not people should progress through all of ARR's dungeon and raid content before getting to HW. The answer, in that case, is usually "no," as the items you would have spent so much time on are very easily replaced.
Convalescence is only for spell-based healing. It's pretty much exclusively for increasing the amount of healing you receive from a healer. It's especially nice for Scholars because fairy heals are not huge, so using Convalescence often gives the Scholar a lot of freedom to DPS more. Also for Second Wind: it is based on your attack power and Berserk modifies your attack power instead of your damage. Berserk usually almost doubles the size of Second Wind.
Cross-classing is barely supported. If it didn't mean having patch up classes' toolkits to take it out, they would've probably done it already. So: the only reason it still exists is because it lets them do less actual game designing.
As a Ninja, please for the love of god implement new skills. I've never played an MMO where the devs looked at a class, went "they're fine," and gave them nothing substantial in an expansion. I don't think I or any other NIN player wants to be doing the same rotation for all of XIV's lifespan.
Whatever's listen in their sale history. Probably around ~250k if memory serves with anywhere as high as 325k. Less if you're grabbing it NQ for glamour or ilvl doctoring.
Other than the obvious (seasonal and event items, class quests,) probably not. XIV doesn't have a lot of different armor models for leveling and I don't believe there's any general quests that give unique models If there were, you'd be able to buy them back on the Calamity Salvager if you lost them.
I pay attention to the story stuff where it seems worth it or meaningful (which it isn't always,) but I don't play for the story. I get the interest in it from that crowd, but being someone who does a lot of reading and writing, XIV's story is really not that special between an array of snoozey RPG tropes and the limitations of what you can do with storytelling in a game (much less one targeting a fairly broad audience.) Its importance often seems overly elevated by some.
As someone working (and thus usually living) overnight on Aether, this would probably make it even worse than it already is. Unless there's an obvious benefit, I wouldn't be quick to make any changes.
Not true, but they are slowly filling up eventually. There's 3 smalls just in the ward I'm in on Mateus without even looking at any others.
Confirm that Jenova is weird and has virtually no housing in spite of being one of the lowest pop.
Wouldn't hurt, but your i210 stuff pre-3.2 is with capped tomes that are going to be uncapped post-3.2. I personally wouldn't bend over backwards for it.
[change of heart?](https://nz.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/3ftmve/red_script_change_you_missed_the_point_entirely_se/cvk1gra)
Even 2-3k will crash the price of a 70k item extremely quickly if there is more than one person getting in an undercut war with these principles.
"Horrid" is an exaggeration, but some perspective would probably go a long way here. If you are happily selling something for days at 70k and people are buying it at a healthy rate, then someone comes and stsrts flooding supply with listings almost half that price, then suddenly you aren't able to sell that item -at all- unless you want to sell it at half the efficiency you were before. Many people aren't willimg to do this, especially since there is no promise at all that they won't undercut you again in a similar fashion. That is often not worth your time, and having to scout out new markets over this is aggravating, especially if the item in question is rare and isn't the most in demand (as is often the case on lower pop servers, where, yes, this sort of undercuttong is extremely damaging to sellers.) There's also the issue of item worth. You say it only costs 2-3k to make, but this is not the only factor. You spent time and resources leveling crafters to be able to make this item. What is your time worth? What about the gil you spent to level that craft? Just because it costs me basically nothing to craft an HQ Ishgardian Muffin doesn't mean it's appropriate to sell it for 200 gil. Finally, a lot of people are simply too lazy to make items themselves, or have largely expendable amounts of gil. Demand defines itself--who are you to decide what an item is worth over the people buying it? I don't understand the "I don't craft for profit" bit. If that's the case, then why are you listing items on MB? If you want to give things away to your friends, then give them away. I do it all the time--but don't disrupt the game's economy over it. And don't throw a "i'm just gonna crash it to spite these guys" hissy fit over it either, because they're not the only people on the server impacted by you crashing the item. Look, it's not okay for people to harrass you over markets, but I think your attitudes would piss a majority of less confrontational sellers off. Also, things are priced highly on this game because it has no meaningful gil sinks besides houses, so there's shitloads of inflation. Don't attribute it to "wow sellers sure are scummy" just because you don't understand the game's economy.
What constitutes "a high level?" The only difference between fully upgraded Eso and BiS (both i210) is that some Savage pieces that are better than Eso. Obviously BiS is better. You don't need Savage gear anywhere other than Savage, and if you're running Savage, then the question is a moot point because you will have access to Savage gear.
Bottom line: let it go.
Um. They're people. Just because the mods pretty much selectively weeded one side of the argument means the other side isn't human?
You will never have a complete guarantee that your feedback will be read by someone working at SE. Making this promise would be a great way to make people angry when they still arbitrarily feel they aren't being listened to. Either take their word for it that they are listening, whether it's the OF, here, the Suggestions box in game, or wherever, or don't bother.
&gt; I mean, I rarely even SB with my piece before I get a new piece. That's not a surprise given that the SB system is awful and only got worse in HW.
Why bother soliciting an explanation? It's not relevant at all to the topic. The point is to talk about set bonuses, not split hairs about how the stats on the gear aren't good. That's useless when you're talking "what ifs" anyway, since obviously you would also establish that the set would be an increase with your amazing hypothetical power.
They are pretty much all the same room with non-transparent windows.
As far as I know, leve allowances accrue normally even while unsubbed.
We brought you two dungeons, four raid bosses that will be too easy, and a primal to keep you busy until July. Please look forward to it.
thanks! they are correctly targeting me with the warning for that section
what i thought this post was going to be
Knowing a class well isn't knowing the game well. This logic is fine. Requiring a 60 in each class will generally increase the likelihood that people who are mentors will actually know jack about the ways classes interact with eachother.
i cant wait to look like a burned chicken nugget
so much for "no overmelding" if this speculation pans out, plfti
&gt; tanks will wamt to meld STR into the VIT accessories. actually they will want to meld VIT or STR on whichever accessory doesn't have parry. their 'tank DPS fix' is no cure-all
Outparsing mediocre DPS is a challenge?
The megathread pretty much exists for often obvious questions. Don't browse it if you're just going to shitpost in them (which you do not infrequently.)
Move pretty regularly on Mateus for 250-300k. I know I sold Fracescas at 600k once.
There's some cave nestled away in Central Thanalan where refugees appear to be growing illegit things, but I don't remember how exactly it's dressed up. If you go to the river where the efts are east of Blackbrush, it's in the north cave. I don't think "drugs" are ever referenced besides, to my knowledge.
a confirm prompt for sorting your inventory jesus fuck
A vast majority don't do anything meaningful with stat distribution, and due to stat points not being well scaled up for HW, they are worth a lot less in the expansion than they were in ARR. The only instance that someone might do something other than their primary stats is if a BLM needs some extra Piety to enable a stronger Fire 4 opener, which any race that isn't Dunesfolk do.
I always do trials. They rarely take longer than like 5 minutes and never feel like work (unless it's Steps of Faith...) Especially when you're a tank, it's 10 lore a day for almost no time at all.
Maybe when he's complaining about negativity, he's complaining about stuff like this: &gt; I mean people are criticizing the fact that blue sentinels/darkmoon are practically the same convenant. This is simply a flimsy argument. The obvious purpose of Blue Sentinels is to give people access to the invasion co-op covenant or what have you early in the game, to correspond with the Way of the Blue being early in the game. When you pick apart that Blue Sentinels and Darkmoon are "practically the same covenant" (pro-tip: the *are* the same covenant,) that sounds like nitpicking and looking for an excuse to complain about something. The overarching problem seems to be that there's no Blue Eye Orb. I get that, and can see why it would be a frustration. However, eternalizing wishy-washy complaints about how Blue Sentinels' mere existence as if it's taking up a limited number of covenant slots--which it's not, a new covenant would not magically materialize in Blue Sentinels' place--looks simply like you favor whining over acknowledging the obvious reason Blue Sentinels exists as implemented in DS3. &gt;By this point I feel like OP is stuck on graphics not being praised enough in DS3 or something. Additionally, dismissive conjecture about someone else's view makes you sound like you're fucking whining.
I'm really not super thrilled about the idea of simplistic grid maps, though it's hard to say how much that would impact the experience. Obviously it'd be nice if they were at least anything greater than the most basic level of random generation possible. I get that it can be tricky to make randomly generated maps look good, but one doesn't have to look far to find other games that do just fine work with it.
&gt;they don't want the player to become bored then why are they making relic quests the same old tired grind from ARR
What gives "forceful" light for the Zodiac Zeta step?
A) Anything at all B) Literally anything at all come the fuck on SE
theyd be 4 star instead of 3 star anyway
People need their shitty crotch pant glams.
Even if his numbers were relatively stronger out of box, he doesn't really do anything. He just attacks the tank, puts a few splotches on the ground, and uses a scripted AoE one time.
You pretty much can't add mainstat to -any- socketed item, much less the HW raid gear. Gear always comes with fully capped mainstat and Vitality. You can put, say, INT on your STR gear, but there's absolutely no reason you would want to do that. The only 'exception' to this rule is tanks can pick up Vitality accessories and meld them with Strength (and vice versa with STR accessories and VIT materias,) but even then this isn't really an exception to the rule of "mainstat and VIT always come capped without melds."
Labyrinth is i50, Circus is i70, WoD is i90. Pretty much nobody will complain about bonus in these, either.
They've stated on multiple occasions that they are listening to people's concerns that it's too hard to fill out mansions with the current item limit. I think the general understanding is they would like to expand it but have made no current promises. I'd say it certainly wouldn't hurt to try to get a large in any situation if you have the gil for it. They have very high resale value if you decide you'd rather scale down later.
People have often suggested they would have to merge housing wards in order to merge smaller pop servers, but it's mere speculation. SE has never talked about either of these abd thrre's no indication it is technically possible, either.
You may consider holding out until 3.3 launches, as there will certainly be a patch for it after. It's possible it could fix your issue.
i will spend the 24 hour maintenance being barfy about the looming housing armageddon and probably screwing around on dark souls 3 to detract from the former
It's crafted gear, and specialist is a decent probability. They specifically said it won't be red scrip. It is possible it could take red scrip materials, however. I don't know if there's been confirmation that they are making new right-side items. As for what to expect? The gear and its associated materials will be absurdly overpriced for the first couple of weeks. It'd be a good time to sell instead of buy. There may be an increase in demand for crafting materia. All of this also goes for gathering, of course, though I think the gathering demand is generally lesser, pending on server pop.
absolutely none of the other big name MMOs, for starters
This is really not comparable at all. Subdivisions in 2.4 is far from the same thing contextually as new wards in 3.3, namely that there has been a very long history of unfulfillable hoising demand on almost every server in 3.3 that was not present in 2.4. There's also way more gil in the economy now, and a lot of people have gil for houses that did not have it in 2.4.
what capes
ive always wondered what this is supposed to be imitating too like do they sound like darth vader or something
rip
Their login / patch server is completely offline, which is the only way to download the game. It should be back in around 6 hours or so.
New dungeons might get me capping for maybe 2 weeks, but I do not foresee tormenting myself with it further.
i always make void ark a game of "how far can i get without pushing a single button on SCH before someone gets angry" when my newer friend needs farthings and im dome to death with farming VA for my alts hard mode is when i turn off party and cant see anyone's vitriol
I've had servers come up and arrstatus not alert me after a 15 second update. I definitely don't trust it for this sort of server rushing.
If you're not in an FC, there is no FC or personal dialogue. After you click Purchase, it's just a yes or no dialogue. Not sure if being in an FC but not having permission shows it.
Are you suggesting it only does this on dx11? It should obviously work fine, but there's nothing wrong with using dx9 if it doesn't work properly. What GPU is this? Have you tried loading up an older driver for it?
i have never noticed this. TIL
If you have an FC, you can have two. You can only have one personal house. Any number of your friends can share their personal house with you as long as they aren't already sharing with 3 people.
Lodestone finishing early still does not necessarily mean that game server maintenance will finish early.
There's a compelling argument for SkS for DRK (more MP from Siphon Strike, an extra GCD in Blood Weapon) due to how it directly increases potency via Dark Arts / mitigates DPS loss from needing Dark Arts or Grit for tanking, but official stat weights for DRK aren't known. It's basically dependent on just how ass Determination is, especially since the usual "don't run out of TP" bit is still a factor.
And they all feel just as gross as you do!!!!!
i am desperate for the orb mount take my money se
ah yes this infinite hellgrind will bring much-needed genuine helpful mentor blood to the roulette
[pf](https://i.gyazo.com/3e1ef2d786229673825c4a3581707148.png)
I was recording Goblet to see how fast the houses around me would disappear, but it was taking too long so I went to Mist, then logged out to switch back to dx11 and never got back in.
Technical woes: Ever since the day before patch, XIV appears to be causing periodic framerate throttling across my entire computer if I tab out to do other things (unusual functionality.) The most obvious indication of this is if I tab out to my browser, scrolling through pages will look like shit for 5-8 seconds any time I go to a different page. This doesn't happen with XIV off, and did not happen at all before a few days ago. This was *before* 3.3 launched. If I drag shit around on my task bar, even that looks like it's being throttled to like 30 FPS for several moments. Similarly, if I tab out and do something, then go back to XIV, framerate is like 30 FPS, but if I have the system panel open, it shows 80 FPS throughout, even when it quite obviously isn't. It doesn't matter what my settings are (I noticed this on min settings dx9, usually play on max dx11. Obviously I noticed it when my framerate was 30ish on min settings which there is no way my hardware would push those kinds of numbers.) I also notice that OBS is completely unusable now. I used to use it to do 1080p60f video, but now (without changing anything) it can't push higher than 5 FPS when it records. Nothing renders at higher than 5 FPS (but usually nothing at all--still image or 1 FPS) when I'm using it. What's the culprit here? I have an i7-4790K, 2x4MB DDR3 1866MHz, GTX970 4GB GDDR5. Tried reinstalling, updating video drivers; nothing.
It logistically makes no sense development wise, either. They invested time and money to make the mount (even if it's a carbon copy of something else, someone was paid to prepare it for use as a new item,) but then set it up to where virtually noone will have it. Okay? Good investment?
Game is censoring his feeble attempt to duck out of raiding.
&gt;Foresight For...magic damage?
the sincere circle paranoia of the ffxiv player
PLD is good at tanking Physical. DRK is good at tanking Magical. WAR is good at tanking both. The main thing is they buffed PLD's DPS to make them less unattractive and quit pandering so hard to DRK.
Please stop redirecting me out of subreddit filters. If I'm using something like nz.reddit to filter certsin content from a subreddit, I get redirected to m.reddit and the filters are lost. That's annoying.
balls? circles? should i stand in them? i heard he wipes you if you dont stand in them
[how to fix attitudes](https://gyazo.com/76b007d46d0267fabb1e9549dabd8846)
I'm pretty sure that's why that's there on some videos, yes. If you're using standard capture software using a PC, it's not there. Also, nobody's going out of their way to add it manually, because SE is not going to humor the idea of policing every single video of their game on the internet to see if their videos are being attributed.
Just because it's designed to be grindy doesn't mean it's not a shitty design.
[literally the first result if you google "weeping city macros"](https://www.google.com/search?q=weeping+city+macros&amp;oq=weeping+city+macros&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60l2j69i59j69i61l2.1652j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8)
They don't need videos as proof of people who are hacking in-game. They have tools on their end that would indicate any abnormalities in their client. Just report it like you would anything else and they will likely be gone next wave of bans.
Been some time since I played WAR, but what would you do differently with a 10 hit Berserk?
They've sinced buffed PLD. If you were decently geared (some catch up to do if you really did last play before Gordias,) you shouldn't have issues holding aggro on average.
I remember thinking "these encounters last for fucking ever" when 3.2 was new as well. It won't last for this either.
Friendly unsolicited advice is still unsolicited advice. You may mean well, but you only have so much control over these sorts of people. You can't control people's reactions. As long as the game lets people like this skirt by doing whatever they want, they are pretty much going to do whatever they want. I find it far from worth it in practically solo-able content like Halitali.
You're placing the burden of someone else's reaction on OP. The bottom line is the OP has no control whatsoever over how people will react to things.
even the "patient" players get surly after x number of wipes. i may be privately annoyed with how things are going, but if I have to tell someone what they're doing wrong and what they need to be doing, it's always matter of fact. a vast majority of people i see, however, take an irritated tone, or are even straight up confrontational "calling your mental faculties into question" is far from necessary and is not a mentality / attitude that exists in a vacuum
it is when the standard for average content is "competent players get bored and quit the game"
By your rules, the dice isn't new. It's a "don't do anything" mechanic. When you hypersimplify mechanics to their most rudimentary components, nothing is new. The entire point of the original comment was that the mechanics as they are implemented are very different contextually in how they are applied simultaneously. I'd add that factors like "well you've dealt with meteors before but have you dealt with meteors while trying not to fall off a stupid ring that you are scared to use movement skills on"
I think the joke is you are expecting underperforming players to remember mechanics from Dusk Vigil, but **there was absolutely no compelling need for them to learn a mechanic like Whirling Gaol.** Getting sucked in can be fixed by the healer every single time. If there's no real repercussion to not doing a mechanic, there is certainly a portion of the playerbase that will absolutely ignore it 100% of the time and take nothing away from it. Same thing with any reference to Void Ark. Did you forget which raid you're talking about? The repercussion for failing a mechanic in Void Ark is usually "you get hurt," not "you can't clear the raid." You can almost do literally nothing and get carried through Void Ark because it's so snoozey and people farming it would rather get in and out than waste minutes scrutinizing someone who's not doing what they are supposed to. Your entire argument revolves around the fact that the offending players in question already know these mechanics but they're 'just too stupid to get it right'--but they *don't* already know these mechanics, or else they wouldn't be dying to them. The game doesn't teach you anything other than "what I do besides hitting the boss is highly inconsequential."
really because i wasn't that interested in skipping over a week's lockout over "i dont know how to brush off week 1 content not going perfect"
absolutely none
when i must hit power slash more than just once
short answer: maid fetishism
A code is not an actual in-game item, so you could most likely get in trouble for this. Best to keep it outside PF.
DOWNLOADING CODES... 42% COMPLETE_
Your sworn allegiance is not so easily severed, treasoner.
ah yes seeing this in game *and* the front page of reddit
That video really needs a timestamp. Are you referring to the part at about 5:00 in where they are doing the bomb dance? As far as changing the way a face looks, there really aren't a lot of options. You can select the face texture / type (which, as you've noticed, requires a bit of race/gender combo fishing around.) Beyond that, you can change some of the shapes of the eyes from a set list, shapes of the nose, eyebrows, mouth, and chin. There's no sliders for faces. You've having a lot of difficulty *because* the CC is not super advanced, not despite it. Options are limited. [You can make one of the Midlander faces look Asian-ish, though it may not necessarily look like you.](https://i.gyazo.com/e3113786d9a6ac3be48be865e8dcca75.png)
Au Ra and Miqo'te both have extremely exaggerated facial proportions. "Anime" and "Asian" are two very different things.
Nobody needs a source on this.
when you do a fly-by on a fishing fat owl and are forced to wait while he does a shitty fat owl waddle
Do people usually have specifically *inventory space* problems? I've seen how my bags can get real messy fast while trying to craft for only moderate lengths of time, but I don't find myself on average wishing I had more inventory space, only retainer and armory space. Another thing that miffs me about the inventory/retainer/armory/whatever space problems is that there are three full squares of slots for key items and who has ever had anywhere close to even one? I hope this isn't part of the purported strain on data volume caused by inventory.
I dislike that Aquapolis is comprised primarily of loot that was previously attainable through other means. What were previously weak markets are now completely dead markets. The items that do drop that are unique to it are worth quite a bit, but there just aren't enough of them. It doesn't help that interest in Aquapolis is currently quite high so markets are oversaturated with supply. I don't think they should nerf it, but I would like it if its reward system were more unique. Absolutely do not make it more RNG, though. What a terrible suggestion. SE already slathers on the RNG thick in this game. Nobody has fun with bullshit random number generators wasting their time.
* DARK KNIGHT looks happy.
Your house is not going anywhere for several months, especially if your break happened after 4/19 and had 45 days on its demo timer when demo was suspended.
When you use a piece of ewuipmemt in battle or while crsfting and gsthering, a meter fills on it called "spiritbond." It's the white bar on the the item's icon next to its durability bar. When an items SB gauge is filled out, you can convert it to materia instead of vendoring it or just throwing it away. Combat gear eill convert into any battle (or resistance) related materia, and crsfter / gatherer gear converts to their respective materias only. The grade (or strength) of the materia depends on the item level of the gear. The people you see "breaking down items all the time" might be doing Desynthesis, a separate system for crafters that breaks down equipment into materials. There's no strings attached on this system, so it is not rare to be bulk scrapping many items in a go.
I haven't been able to post there in like a year because of "unable to confirm session" errors when trying to log in. The OF's mediocre all around.
phew
here's another for pretending this sort of downvote behavior is exclusive to /r/ffxiv
This could just be a comment in one of the 8000 other threads about this. Seriously.
I'd really like to see this in-game cause then I wouldn't have to dig around my crafting log to find the item I want to craft.
Not allowed on paper, but there hasn't been any widespread talk of people getting punished for it, just like ACT parser. Don't talk about it in-game and there will probably be no incident. Nothing has changed from before your break. It's not a super popular application and doesn't come up that often.
This is a false equivalency. FFXI simply had no need for expansion beyond the PS2's capabilities for a very long time. It is more likely it was discontinued because it cost too much time and resources to consider supporting it, not because it was limiting what they could do. It is well known that XI's team had been drastically shrunk in its later years. The PS3 has been suffocating ARR's potential since its inception. It was already not new at ARR's launch.
Probably a large percentage of those who did did not buy it from the phishers in-game.
I really feel like this tool would make more sense if it could be used for EX trials as well. Not exactly raid content, yes, but it would have improved its visibility / interest if it had.
The CT FATEs all just spawn, there's no precursors. They don't have a good spawn rate, though.
talking about stuff getting patched and then writing a dissertation detailing how to use glitches used to get oob seems like a conflict of interests tbh i'm all for people having fun but noone has fun if it gets patched
You could contact a GM to try to get it restored, but SE's policy is only one item restoration per account, ever. While relics are a good candidate for using it on, -Awoken step really doesn't require enough work to justify it, I'd say.
i hope it's as horse shit as it was when it first launched in arr
Armoire usually stores quest-related, unique equipment, as well as some event items that aren't from quests such as when the Itinerant Moogle is around selling FanFest earrings. I believe the dyeable version is not stored because when you turn the AF gear into the dyeable version, it stops being "from a quest"--or at least this is the impression I get from how Armoire gear is classified.
sounds like aquapolis 90% of the time
It will almost definitely be worth it whenever 4 star is implemented. IW gear will assuredly be able to craft the new items out the door, and new markets are always the best place to make strong profits.
It's certainly a possibility, though dedicating the topic to its own thread would probably be more ideal, since it by nature would require a good amount of feedback.
a lot of MMOs don't have a universal sprint, especialler older ones no jump tho
it still miffs me that this game did flying before swimming
Yeah, this isn't really an "issue." The perceived problem is that there's a harsh source of light above the floor to light one spot that isn't applied to the whole room. You are essentially standing right underneath an invisible lamp. If you look around in any places that have seeming spotlights on the floor, you will probably notice that it is from an invisible light source low enough off the ground for your character to jump right into it. Aleport at night is a good place to look into it. Either way, the character lighting setting has nothing to do with it. There wouldn't be a solution other than for SE to change that light source.
What's there to be confused about with the numbers on these? Runescape's community is way stronger than this game's, evidenced by the fact that it still exists after so many years. The extent of XIV's community is, essentially, who gets on reddit or the OF to complain about shit. XIV's in-game systems do not support much of a real community the same way a game in Runescape's day does.
All I can think when the topic of mmogames' "best MMORPG" comes up is "This again?" "Best MMO" is incredibly subjective and can't be quantified with vain popularity contests.
Do you honestly care? It's literally a popularity contest. So fucking what?
now you're gold
They'd have to change their password to something else, have you use it to log in, change it again when they get the security password reset prompt, then let you use that password to download the patch. Remote desktop and other proposed solutions are made irrelevant by the security reset.
good lord it's been so long since i've touched that and they seem uninterested in getting me to touch it ever again
it's really just the bagpipes
It's great for some freebies, but I wouldn't call it "the best way."
I don't really see why this would be a positive thing by any means. The fact that tomestones are attached keeps interest in hunts going. Remove them and you simply have a ton of people once doing Hunts no longer doing hunts. Is less participation a good thing? Depends on your motive, I suppose, given that some classes can solo ARR A ranks, but you need people to spawn S ranks. I think this is perhaps the wrong question, though, since the idea of removing tomes from Hunts draws attention to the fact that Hunts' baseline reward structure is incredibly unfulfilling.
ahh the "do-nothing mentor griping" meta of streaming
Virtually nothing in average gameplay costs gil. If you were current enough to grind out Zeta, then your gear is probably more than fine to hop into HW MSQ. The quest track tosses HQ whites for leveling at you not rarely, and any dungeon gear past level 55 is as high or higher than the best ARR gear. The only place you might have an issue with gil is if you decide to do HW relic, because ome steo involves using HQ crsfted itens that exist explivitly for relic quest abd gave no other purpose. These can have a heft price tag on non high pop servs and you can exoect it to cost 1m minimum. They haven't added anything to normal gameplay that is a gil sink, though. As far as cstchup not pertaining to gil, you might have to do a little work to get your foot in the door to catchup to the current end game's average iLvl, but that's "playing the game," so
They largely aren't for anything unless you're a tank melding VIT or STR on your accessories.
level design that isn't a straight line piercing one to four circle or square shaped arenas depending on what you're running
&gt; I found Medica 2 especially helpful just make sure it's not so helpful that you're precasting it before pulls
Noble Gold / Noble's Codex for ALC is generally considered to be the cheapest and easiest red scrip item to make. Just make sure you don't make the wrong one since it changes from day to day and the names are very similar.
{fat cat}
i think people mostly like the idea that the mask exists for a reason and not "just because" i dont like the princess theory though sinve she's like, you know, not a fucking highlander
yuri fury, because yuri fury
any kind of "partitions" for lawns, really, maybe that match the fences for plots
"before" wouldn't make a lot of sense at this point, as it would be mid-expansion they've not given any concrete word that they are dropping it in 4.0 but a lot of other games are dropping support for 'legacy consoles' of late, and it is obviously overdue at this point for how many things are known to not be possible due to PS3's memory limitations
no point. they just tell you to open a GM ticket in-game, which you can't because they suspended you. this has been documented more than just a couple of times on here
My BLM hates you, tanks in question.
Lustrate is just as bad in Cleric Stance as any other heal now. As far as I'm aware, the only heal in the game left that is worth using in Cleric Stance is WHM's Benediction.
Soliciting someone in Novice Network for help buying the armor off the Ishgard vendor is also a (probably much cheaper) option, but it will be NQ and not HQ. The HW quests give HQ versions of the some of the pieces, so in some cases the HQ versions are as cheap or even cheaper on MB than the NQ versions on vendor. You can google each piece and see its normal vendor price on gamerescape or XIVDB if you are shopping around for what's most cost effective. IIRC a full set of i115 NQ gear is about 100k on the vendor.
Here's a few more tips based on those instructions, just adding what my general experience has been farming MS roulette for Poetics / fleshing out a few details. * **In Castrum,** when you pull the trash around the pipes, a majority of groups just kill it there before running to 2nd boss. * On 2nd boss, I have rarely seen tanks bother with running to the gate with the boss. * It's important to note that you have to have the trash **in front** of the cannons. A lot of tanks in these groups pull the adds on the search light and don't bring them back, which makes it where the cannons can't hit them. Also, usually a DPS or Healer or even the OT activate the search light while the trash is being killed by cannons. * For the colossi especially, the tank should be ready to stun enemies out of their AoEs to the best of their ability so the cannons don't get nuked. * There's a 2nd set of cannons to pull everything to in this step that is neglected. * "Pulling the boss" isn't super intuitive here. You stand on the remp on the far right end of the room as you enter. When Cid arrives, a few death claws will spawn. After several more moments, the actual boss spawns. MT stays on boss the entire time and ignores all the adds, which usually get AoEd out of existence before they're a problem. * As far as average groups, I have never once see them tank the boss on Cid. * It's worth noting that if the cannons were destroyed in this next part, you have to go back to the 2nd set of cannons instead. Also, throughout these Castrum trash pull instructions, be **Sprinting,** especially on the last pull. If a Healer didn't come with you on last pull, you will probably need cooldowns to stay alive while you make your way back to the cannons. * **For Praetorium,** "pull the trash and use the console" is very literal. Unless someone is trying to heal you, when you aggro the trash then touch the console, it stays aggro'd on you even though you're on another floor and won't attack your party members assuming they don't get on the aggro table. You can Flash once as you pull them to cement aggro if you please, but make sure you make it into the console first and foremost. Getting in while you're being hit is obnoxious if you don't get it right the first time. * For the trash after 1st boss, be looking for someone to aggro the Colossus cause someone is almost always straggling and does. * "Getting your drivers license" after the trash pull goes down like this: You open the door like normal, then go in on the right and **everyone touches the console in here,** then gets on the elevator. If you don't touch it, you can't use the Magitek walkers. * At the start of Ultima weapon, a healer will almost always have aggro because their healing numbers aren't being mitigated by Ultima's super armor or whatever. Just wait for his buff to be dispelled then use Provoke to regain aggro. Ultimately, if you just run these 2 or 3 times, then you will soon be autopiloting through it like every other player you've seen, and more than likely they will thank you for it.
Having all 3 tanks at 60, PLD is a fucking requirement for when I just don't feel like working that hard. It's a very common complaint that PLD absolutely needs some form of AoE, though, so they're not such a dead weight in dungeons. People complain that Clemency doesn't make a lot of sense for PLD's toolkit, and it's true that it's rarely effective in a high-end situation. I love cleaning up messes in shabby DF groups, though, and it's really good for trying to do ARR raid content and EX primals very undersized if you aren't bringing a healer, which is the case with several of my friends. It has its place, but I don't think it can necessarily be made better in a meta where Healers have virtually no problem healing and spend half their time DPSing. A single target heal from a PLD simply won't ever relieve stress on a healer in a controlled, high-end situation. Ultimately, if you wanted something interesting / engaging with a lot of tools that were great / synergized well, I think ultimately you were bound to be disappointed. Unfortunately, many of their level ups were wasted on fleshing out their bare-bones combos from ARR, which, while obviously it was important for them to have more weapon skills, is not exciting the same way I GOT A NEW POWERFUL ABILITY is. I'm mostly okay with PLD, but I am definitely interested in seeing what they will do with it in 4.0 in a way I'm not with other classes, since there's plenty of room for imagination with PLD.
i'm guessing either "raise them" or "not care when the fight progresses normally?"
my a4 anima grind party completed and i had a 0/8 DF window stuck on my screen because someone left after i took the queue. i relogged. when i tried to come back in, balmung had a 702 person queue. i waited in line for several minutes just to get a 10105, not knowing a server problem had started while i was relogging. rip
obligatory /squat comment
Not sure anything "happened" with that. I glossed over it until you pointed it out. It is weird, though. It's possible they don't use real gear in these screenshots, at which point it's possible someone went "well, NINs share some Aiming gear with BRD/MCH" and got the old gear mixed up, either forgetting or not realizing that NINs actually shared Striking gear with MNKs before HW.
I went back to MH3U (don't have any newer MHs) after failing to get into it too seriously last attempt. I spent just under 500 hours doing this and that before finally getting around to completing the Dire Miralis urgent for HR8. I was immediately promoted to HR38.
Could someone describe the Charm system in 4U and Gen to me compared to 3U's system? I find 3U's to be overly frustrating (3 in 5700 "chance" to get a charm that is not truly random so who knows) and it definitely is one of the biggest detractors in the series to me. Does 4U and Gen still lock you into a charm table based on when your character is made? Are there any ways to work towards a charm without a ridiculous level of RNG? After reading about (and doing) Charm sniping in 3U, it feels like any attempt I might make to grind out charms in the future would be quickly sullied by being too aware of how it works. I like what Charms do for your gear and how they work in practice in gameplay, but I don't find how you (attempt to) obtain them rewarding or congruent with the rest of MH's "try hard and you will eventually persevere" design model.
2/10 reminded me my income sucks
i dunno i'm feeling pretty rewarded by this
i've been away from the game and i've missed a12
so this post in 2017
It fucking sucked entering June for HW going "am I even going to be able to preorder before early access?"
Can't speak specifically about Odin, but you may be unaware they have implemented a cross-server PF function, so if your only concern about Odin seeming inactive is your ability to get groups, the concern should no longer be relevant. The three new classes have had plenty of room to be reasonably balanced at this point and fare just fine next to other classes. DRK is preferred over PLD on many encounters, AST card buffs are very desirable, and AFAIK MCH has had its initial weaknesses mostly addressed. Conventional wisdom still says if you're trying to level a DPS, queue for dungeons while doing FATEs. FATE EXP has never been nerfed, so it is if nothing else as good as you remember it being. Can't speak on EU servers. I definitely didn't reply to this just to point out how unfortunate the wording of the topic title is.
Detailed cross class tips: **Provoke: Mandatory.** If someone grabs aggro off you, it can easily be immensely sloppier fighting to get back on top without this ability. It is 100% required in raid encounters at end game that require you to swap tanks--you are literally unable to do so without it. Motivate yourself to get GLD to level 22 for it ASAP. **Flash:** Generates enmity in a circle around you at the cost of MP, a resource you use for nothing else. You'll learn that Overpower (especially on the leveling track) can really hurt your TP over time, and this ability helps you keep aggro while getting some TP back. You can use it after being Pacified from Berserk. It can help at the start of a pull when you are trying to position enemies because it is a circle around you and not just a cone in front of you like Overpower. When you are experienced and confident in your ability to manage your TP and enmity, you can free up this slot with something else as it is not especially necessary in any particular scenario. **Convalecence:** Increases healing received from spells by 20%. When you unlock WAR at 30, your tank stance increases your healing received by 20%. This ability synergizes excellently with what you're already doing as a WAR. A smart healer will change what they're doing when they see this, because it allows them to heal less. It's a good tanking cooldown. **Awareness:** Reduces your chance to be critically hit to 0. This is a good ability to use on trash, but a lot of bosses don't crit. Can substantially reduce damage on trash pulls. Later it synergizes with one of your HW cooldowns that reduces damage you take from the front by 20%, but increases your chance to be critically hit from the flank and rear by 100%. Awareness removes the drawback from this cooldown completely. If you're fighting a single boss with no adds that cannot crit, this ability doesn't really do much because you shouldn't ever be getting hit in the flank or back by a single enemy, thus negating its usefulness even for Raw Intuition. **Internal Release:** Increases your critical chance by 10%. While this may seem like a simple DPS cooldown, it synergizes well with a lot of your abilities as it affects not only your attacks but also the self-heals Equilibrium and Second Wind. You always want try to pair it with Berserk, but you will not always since its cooldown is shorter. **Second Wind:** A modest self heal. This is usually your last pick for cross class as it can be somewhat low impact and pales in comparison to Equilibrium when you have it. It synergizes very strongly with Berserk because it scales with your attack power, which Berserk increases by 50%. If you're going to use it, try to have Berserk (and IR ideally) up first if it's available to maximize its effectiveness. **Mantra:** Increases healing received by 5% for you and anyone else near you when you cast it. At a fourth of the effectiveness of Convalescence, this isn't likely to have a meaningful impact and is best left to the DPSers who have nothing better to take. **Featherfoot:** Increases dodge chance by 12%. This doesn't work on bosses' tankbusters and otherwise is simply not a very effective mitigation cooldown. It could have a better footprint on big trash pulls, but if you're considering using it for that, just take Awareness instead. **Haymaker:** Chance to do an attack barely stronger than Heavy Swing with no real benefits. Garbage. **Savage Blade:** Unless you like 100 potency weaponskills, you literally can't use this. Maybe put it on outside one of the cities ones just to see its animation. A typical cross class lineup with is Provoke, Flash, Convalescence, Internal Release, then either Awareness or Second Wind based on what your needs are. If you don't need Flash, take both Awareness and Second Wind.
Is there some secret to accessing the GPose settings on PC? I've tried everything, but I'm pretty sure there's a problem because of keybinds I've set. I've tried all the specified commands in the 3.4 notes (R, Num *, Middle mouse) with /gpose on and nothing works. I can't find it anywhere in the keybind menu, either. Really don't want to have to reset my keybinds over something like this.
the more times you push it the nicer a job it is
&gt;WAR &gt;fake take it back
&gt;Most of us have 5+ friends you dont know me
2.1 or 2.2 friend showed me chargen, i saw highlander exists, i've been caught in this awful trap ever since
It's a game mode separate from a traditional dungeon accessible primarily in South Shroud. It requires you be level 15 and complete the Copperbell Mines quest "Into a Copper Hell," which unlocks a quest in the inn in Gridania called "The House That Death Built." Basicallly, it's a quasi-randomly generated dungeon with its own, independent leveling system where you run around and kill monsters to level up and unlock the next floor, open chests, use items, etc. Every 10 floors you fight a boss. You start at level 1 and level very quickly until you are level capped. When you complete a set of 10 floors, it awards experience (or tomestones if you're capped) for your actual character. It is played with any combination of 4 party members, meaning there's no such thing as "slow DPS queues" since all 4 members can be a DPS. You can play it solo as well. One of the main highlights of it is that you can use it to try other classes, because if you enter as a level 15 Pugilist, you will be able to level to a level 50 Pugilist as well as use all the skills associated with that level. It requires you be 30 and have a job stone to try out jobs, though, since technically, for example, a Monk and a Pugilist are two different classes. You can also eventually get end-game weapons from it.
As far as "mandatory" for raiding, absolutely not. Useful, I'd doubt it. It doesn't serve a purpose other than to produce crafting materials, which are useful for crafting. Currently none of the Desynth-specific items used in crafting make anything that is useful for raiders.
Don't Buy The Steam Version Of Final Fantasy Fourteen
AST is strongly preferred in raid comps for speed runs. A WHM doesn't increase kill speed the way AST cards do. "Better" is contextual. A WHM ultimately has the highest total healing output. They can be more reliable for progression. An AST will serve just fine, and obviously they're bringing raid-wide buffs to the table that WHM is not.
they'd just change "atma" to "ruby" it wouldn't be a big difference
You can never equip two of the same ring. Because of this, you ordinarily would only be able to, for example, equip the i270 VIT ring from Scripture and the i260 VIT ring. You can't equip two i270 VIT Script rings. When you mix it with an STR ring, however, they are not the same ring, and you can use an i270 VIT one and an i270 STR one. This often gives you more total attack power than an i260 VIT ring, and people are often concerned mostly about damage when it comes to tank BiS because all the extra HP you get from overgearing is not terribly necessary for anything. One slot's worth of VIT is also simply not going to have a large footprint on your overall HP. Basically this is unique to tanks only because they get equal attack power from both VIT and STR.
I've been paying attention to this ever since I started playing. Divorcing damage from stuns is a positive change for overall gameplay design.
Your problem is they removed Brutal Swing and Mercy Stroke from WAR. It is not "stuns do damage." They could have added new oGCDs for WAR to use in the place of Brutal Swing but chose not to, which if you don't like that, the onus is on the developers for making that choice.
It's not unfair to say that *some* classes the DoTs didn't work on, with Fracture being the obvious outlier. Some like DRK's worked just fine and even cleanly fit in their rotation, were powerful buttons, and felt nice, even if its inception was born of the fact that most melee except PLD had a seemingly obligatory instant DoT outside their combos. The overgeneralization of "all the classes with an instant DoT" resulted in Scourge being removed, which not many DRKs have a high opinion of.
Is it known what the actual value of Inner Beast's healing is? "Restores partial HP" that is otherwise unspecified looks to me like they wanted to buff its damage potency but not its healing, but I wouldn't be surprised either if it wasn't ~300 potency in healing anymore.
I'll say. "Crit but not crit" is not a very elegant solution for a new stat.
That's also not the problem with a vast majority of tooltips. Any particular reason why citing an opposite extreme is a good argument? I think there's something to be said of not getting too riled up over non-final builds, but very often that strays into the territory of people telling those concerned with a test build that's 2 weeks before launch to not worry about it at all. A lot of the discourse is more even and the concern is entirely justified. The builds, even if not final, glimpse the mentality and direction of what the devs were trying to accomplish. Some classes have obviously received significantly different treatment than others.
3 is what kind of bugs me about the DRK discussion, too. It's like, yes, their MP generation may end up great enough that their DPS is fine, but it's like...okay? Having good DPS isn't alone what makes a tank great? Meanwhile, *almost all* of DRK's buttons are about DPS, with their shield feeling like a perfunctory "oh well I guess we need to add a tank skill to the tank," when their strength as a tank in HW came from "oh well I'm not a PLD and also this content panders really hard to me."
Let's be real, you're not forced to run this at all. I can't remember the last time I ran EX consistently in a week because I wasn't capping tomes. Additionally, how many dungeons they implement has no bearing on the fact that you were running the same one all expansion in HW for the relic carrot. Finally, you are simply not making a reasonable assessment if you genuinely expect that EX Roulette being one dungeon is an actually possible outcome that is likely to happen.
Guys don't talk about 4.0
It especially sucks when they add, say, a hair style but you can't mirror it to the side you need it to be on.
"Isn't it weird how" or "wouldn't it be weird if" is the most lazy buzz kill excuse for anything. From the makers of Bow Mage, it's No Digitigrade Races Ever
&gt;However, you need to consider that there were potency losses across the board and not just with Dark Knight. There actually literally weren't potency losses for PLD, and it's not likely WAR's bottom line was changed much because Fracture was rarely used and their new skill design sufficiently compensates for the AP/potency loss of Berserk. Also, there's a point to the post that doesn't involved potency, and it has to do with the fact that the kit they got is lazy and uninspired, does very little to make DRK a better tank, and gutted what little complexity DRK offered.
i honestly feel like this has a lot to do with why those skills were pruned and tbh it annoys me that they did that instead of ever actually fixing the limitation
I contrarily think that they designed this skill to draw and execute random cards **because** you fish for Balance. They designed AST expecting you would pay random buffs as you got them, but perhaps not foreseeing how overly focused players wounds be on Balance fishing. This skill lets them recover some of that skill design without tampering with your normal draws.
I kind of get the feeling that SE is overly concerned with power creep to the extent that they don't realize that Cool New Powers aren't really making some people feel like their character has actually gotten more powerful, at least as currently slated. It seems to be a recurring trend with a lot of classes[ ](#s "but not like... you know, PLD...")
I understand this sentiment, but is Protect *really* doing that much for this game's flavor? Its effect is almost entirely invisible.
At least PLD's bar is actually used for something with utility. DRK's bar is literally just an exact copy of WAR's and is used only for essentially the same weaponskills WAR already had in 3.0.
Their main goal was to bring the skill floor *down.* Raising the skill floor means they've increased the minimum required skill to play the job effectively. You lower the skill floor when you want to increase the performance of lower skilled players so that their output is higher with less skill required.
I find people who are pessimistic about a given class' prospects way less obnoxious than the posters who sit around and pit posters to the sub against eachother for having a response to information they don't approve of. Get over yourself.
i still love how that quest is genuinely about a conjurer that doesn't want to dps
A class isn't good if it doesn't sound like it's banging on a dumpster for like every button.
Usually the difference between using Reshade and not having it is pretty obvious: many games are really weird about having contrast values that turn into a dull grey fog with it disabled, and they also tend to be undersharpened. I don't use Reshade for much else. If it's having a large impact on icons and text, then you probably have some settings up too high. There's not a lot of getting around it since it's full-screen shaders, though IIRC at least older versions of Reshade supported designating a section of the screen to not apply shaders to.
This being added to SSS as well shaved so much fucking time off trying to learn new openers.
Not If Reddit Has Anything To Say About It
All that matters to me is the HUD at that resolution won't make me feel claustrophobic.
Saying "no enmity modifier for PLD's AoE" is a solution in need of a problem. I don't feel like his "AoE enmity is problematic on add phases" reasoning is based in anything that is actually an issue in practice. It's never stopped me from doing AoE DPS on the adds in A12 as a WAR or DRK because like, you know, the main tank is there also putting +enmity buttons on them, and usually in their tank stance. It's pretty well known that holding AoE enmity in dungeons on a PLD is aggravating with competent DPSers present. Sure, they gave PLD an AoE so now their contribution to trash killing in 4 mans will be greater, but I think it will be slight in practice because you will have to Flash to get an enmity lead. That's an AoE potency loss the other two tanks aren't even asked to deal with, but for some reason PLD is.
bad enough that I'll spend most my time in potd
how's that confirmation bias workng out for you
well i mean what they "actually" look like are hyur with a wolf hat but
I can tell what threads you've been spending a lot of time in.
Stormblood will include Heavensward at 4.0 launch. For the time being at least, their plan seems for it to be "Buy the base game + buy the expansion" and that's it. For your specific case, they *will not* be at a point where they need Heavensward before SB launch, so they should not ever purchase HW individually.
It also prioritizes larger stacks of same-priced items.
I can tell you right now that if you ever put RMTed gil in the housing system you absolutely 100% will get banned. That's not to suggest you won't if you don't do that, but that's one of the only things to even spend gil on so it's much easier for it to monitor it there.
Wasn't there a liveletter or something in which they elaborated a bit on what old content would have RDM and SAM weapons? I know tome weapons will have them at the very minimum, but I don't remember the details other than "probably less old content weapons than DRK/AST/MCH got."
The way pushing buttons feels. Animations/sound/etc. for skills is one of this games strong suits. This is less my favorite thing when they cut a bunch of your favorite buttons, though.
&gt; Damn guys, pick a new target to bully. Like tanks. There are a ton of bad tanks out there. Like the ones that pop rampart and fof on pull then never again. I'm personally exhausted with noxious threads, not specifically healer threads. Like, to the point that "yeah, why not bully tanks instead" isn't even ironically funny because that is also posted about very frequently in the same way completely unironically. People could take a stab at like, you know, *not being negative* instead. like seriously just look at the other comments, people flocked to that suggestion so hard like they just can't get enough
r/roguelegacy that way
#tryusingcontentfilters
I haven't been posting about it in discussions so much but people who know me know I've been squalling about this more than actual proposed balance changes. I don't know what their criteria are for cutting animations but they did a shit job of it in almost all cases where relevant IMO, and it is pretty unhype.
curvtana
Wow it's almost as if these are two different things being said by two different groups of people
A lot of it has to do with work vs. reward as well. EX Roulette is asking you to grind the same content almost every single day for capped tomes. This creates a conflict of interest, and you might get a different answer for what people want out of dungeons when posed with the two different versions of roughly the same question. If you ask them what would make dungeons fun, a lot of times they want something more challenigng or engaging, or at least *something* that's not the exact same trash-boss-trash-boss-trash-boss formula on rails every time but with different wallpaper. If you ask them what their idea of a good EX roulette run is, they will tell you that it should be quick and easy with no BS. This isn't likely to be what "harder 4 man content" will produce, though. I think there's a middle ground where they can do just about anything to man 4-mans more interesting, and my concern is when this concept gets married with "make them more challenging." Then you end up with results like "We are looking at challenging 4-man content, but we don't want it to be in dungeons. Also, we are going to make less dungeons to accommodate this interest." Here again you have two conflicting interests: desiring challenging 4-man content and EX roulette being less boring. Making less total dungeons isn't helping the latter, even if it's in the interest of the former. That's why I resent when people present the community as a monolithic entity that is irrational and contradicts itself constantly. That's an overly simplistic and nonsensical way to view a community that is made up of individuals who value different things (ie, "I want challenging 4 mans" and "I want EX Roulette to be less of a boring chore") in varying amounts each.
I think more than most other things in the UI they take up a lot of *vertical* space as slated. That's difficult to fit in with the natural way of setting up your HUD, which primarily is comprised of parts that are roughly the size of a long horizontal bar. I'm sure as hell not asking myself where I'm going to put them because it's not something I look forward to dealing with.
Apparently a fucking lot of people given that the post is barely scraping by 50% karma
Make sure to disable battle music while you're a--oh wait
I've done this from Ul'dah before. It takes almost 2 hours as I recall.
I always downvote people who whine about downvotes.
&gt;Newbies stuck in ARR rip ffxiv
i can see why you would be sentimental about the idea of moving on if you spent two literal years in coerthas western highlands
the unironic balance
&gt;But, if we implemented something like that right now people would view Limsa Lominsa as the best since it has so much water. i mean, to be fair, they basically already do this even if they can't go in it
*While showing a promo for the game featuring only sword-users, two of which were of their own making*
Probably yes. It didn't get removed because it's an on-GCD stun. They curled Low Blow and Brutal Swing into the same shared button becasue they both did the exact samet hing. Shield Bash does not do the exact same thing.
Ninja looks buffed because they lost multiple sources of damage (A DoT, all their DPS cooldowns.) Ninja received a lot of potency buffs to balance the fact that they lost large sources of potency. It's not likely their relative performance will be that different in the end.
Hi, person who plays multiple classes in FFXIV here. I'm happy for PLD, but leaving other classes in the dirt so PLD can look good is stupid as hell and not good for the game.
so basically you selectively only listened to detractors so that you could have a shitty us-vs-them attitude. good thing you're a player and not a developer
4 hours to go, draw your maint in maint.
never knew about this. i don't know if i'm responsible enough for this power
You have a draw a line where it's simply more practical to understand that what you see is what you get. Potencies might correct balance issues, but you're not going to see any serious overhauls of existing classes. A vast majority of the launch changes are likely to be here to stay all throughout 4.x. Most of people's major complaints revolve around how classes are designed, not how they perform. That's not likely to get addressed any time in the near future.
ever heard of DRG
I'd rather wait in an extremely long queue one time only to get in the game than be faced with indefinite waiting all day because the server can't keep me connected for *five literal minutes.* Being online for 5 minutes then having to do another 3000 person queue is almost literally unplayable. A majority of the things you do in XIV take longer than 5 minutes.
90Ks don't even have anything to do with instance servers. I get disconnected so fast out in the open world I can't even consider the idea of starting an instance of any kind cause there's no way I'd be able to finish it. Last time I got in I was able to stay connected for 5-7 minutes, then back to 3000 person queue. Then I got to about 800 before getting a 2002 error.
I would also like them to take their time figuring out a system for it that doesn't look like "do two (2) FATE challenge logs a week for an RNG chance to never get the team member I want" unlike some other content I know
That's fine since Blitzball isn't action gameplay?
&lt;- number of people who think post karma = number of upvotes meams
I don't automatically assume it's designed for nefarious purposes, but I do think they genuinely believed that doing basic math to determine roughly how much life an attack will steal looked too complicated to them.
What mostly miffed me about SB PvP was they took all the DRK out of DRK, but what's new
I have a keyboard macro named "COLD STEEL" and I'm going to remember what it is in crisp detail for years to come when I'm scrolling through the list.
I don't understand "it's early access." These people do realize that that's supposed to be a *benefit* of pre-ordering and not stress test shit-eating, right?
including their own previous expansion that launched way more smoothly than this one
I would have. Why reward them more money for willfully stupid design decisions, especially when one of them has everything to do with profitizing off people wanting access servers they refused to do any population management for for 4 years? You also simply can't ignore that the issue with the instance servers isn't even the sole problem. It's their shit queue design that does not give you a second to log back in over something you had no control over. You could do shit with your buds in the instance just fine if you didn't get nailed with another fucking queue for getting 90Ked. You'd also be able to like, you know, actually do said instanced when it did work instead of the risk of getting 90Ked invalidating a majority of the game's activities which all use the same instance servers.
I got to this on Balmung at 6:15 AM going "it's now or never" and it worked the first attempt. Blew my fucking mind. Then I couldn't TP back to Rhalgr's Reach.
Gods' blessed Pipin's mess
I hate naked Souleaters. They feel so dirty.
I find modern English pretty immersion breaking in fantasy but more power to you.
I've been seeing some posts that you allegedly get prioritized if you DCed, but I've seen no official word on this. I do know I and several of my friends kept apparently skipping past a 3000 person queue last night, but I never saw it before then.
I was hype for PLD in 3.0 because of how long they spent languishing, but knowing how long DRK is going to languish in it's place really takes the wind out of its sails. Design wise, tank balance is simply absurd right now and it's hard to even look at. PLD got the expanding it needed and deserved. WAR did not get better (obviously,) but the charges to it makes MTing as it feel more involved and engaging. DRK feels like they dropped the skill floor and skill ceiling both to the same level while turning a lot of DRK's buttons into cross role skills. The expansion did not expand Dark Arts and their new "mechanic" is vapid 3.0 WAR hand-me-downs that hardly require monitoring. There isn't any "difficult to master" to speak of with DRK, and they are about as exciting to play as an ARR PLD. Worse yet, Blackest Night is *genuinely desirable*, but to me it's seems very "won't anyone play this unexciting one-trick-pony shield bot for our raid?" I've played all three tanks and seeing how DRK got treated simply makes me cringe. It sours the mood for even looking at tanking, or really doing it at all. I can't imagine being a near-exclusive DRK main in this expansion right now. DRK got butchered the same way a 10 year old MMO does that strips things down too far cause they're out of ideas and don't know how to leave well enough alone.
DADP needs more targets than the games engine allows you to hit with one attack for the potency/MP to come out ahead of other options. Like, more than 26. "Never" is the correct assessment.
I spaced out my attack on G rank Jaggi poorly, got electrocuted, then got waddled to death before I could move.
If it was ever a serious widespread issue it would've been gone. It's not. The developers for XIV may not evaluate it the same way, but the most likely scenarios are going to be "it's not going anywhere" or "it's not really worth it so they're just removing it."
They really need to just not make Dark Passenger so expensive. I can understand the potency nerf, but 100% more MP cost to use it is simply overkill and prohibits you from ever really considering dropping it for the Blind for some situational mitigation.
I can see why this might trip you up, but having a 2 sec cast on a 2.5 sec GCD is absolutely better than the 2.5 sec cast with the proper spell queueing. Speed stats isn't going to impact it because it will lower your cast time and GCD equally. The problem is that you associate it with "the cast bar is mostly full," where really queueing function is tied to the GCD. Granted, I think this is really common, but when you get in a situation like RDM and you haven't played healers (they also have short cast times with normal length GCDs) it can become a perceived issue. Either way, I would absolutely not endorse them making any changes over this.
oh you sweet summer child for being on a server that's not balmung or gilgamesh
I think it's unlikely it would be any later than 4.1, but no, there is still no word on this at the moment. It's probable that SB's rocky launch has them more concerned about getting the game playable than sticking to a strict schedule for housing release, something they specifically have stated they don't want people rushing through content over unlocking. The messy launch has an impact on that.
That is making a lot of assumptions about whose posts you're reading and you know it.
It's also complicated by the fact that Quietus is best used under the effect of Blood Weapon. You *can* use it in Grit, but it's not worth it the same way using it outside tank stance is.
Maybe they want you to like, you know, actually spend MP on Power Slash the one time you are going to hit it?
Now you know who the HW WAR players are!
Ask SE, they're the ones that wanted an encore of late-ARR and early-HW tank accessory nightmare.
I just find this change bafflingly stupid. There's simply no putting it nicely. 3.2 tank stat changes resolved the problem by getting tanks equipping VIT accessories, so you didn't have issues with tanks who try to perform optimally not actually being more tanky since there wasn't a necessary benefit to being more tanky past a minimum threshold. This is understandable to some degree since in DF it can place increased pressure on random healers to be on point, which it's not hard to imagine how this could cause problems in practice. Fast forward to 4.0, and they're apparently **still** thinking about how to fix a problem that's already fixed. They were not happy with their solution. They didn't like that they got tanks **wanting** to equip VIT accessories. They wanted a fix where tanks **could not** equip anything but VIT accessories. Like, seriously. The objecive of their change was "we don't want VIT accessories to be good, we want them to be mandatory," and went out of their way to change systems that were not a problem **to make tanks shittier,** then botched it in the process, reviving the classic VIT vs STR problem. Worth it!
Really? Because I would not be able to stand this being implenented in WoW. The overworld battle music is disruptive and boring as hell. Having dedicated themes for encounters that are worthy of them is fine--but "I aggro'd some shit with a 10 mile aggro radius while moving from point A to point B" is not an appropriate time for it. Also, options exist for a reason. I don't care about the how allegedly crucial battle music is to FF's brand, it is not more important than environmental immersion.
Maybe that would get them looking at an actual option more seriously, since dynamic tracks for every zone is absolutely more work.
They're not going in the "tanks should tank" direction though. All they've done is nerf tank DPS and enmity gen, which Madhya what you were doing previously harder for less reward. XIV's encounter design has not changed to where you need to be tanking full time and the gear you get will make you a better and better tank. You say you're fine with it. I would say more power to you if that was actually what is happening, which it's not, which is why it's a problem.
I'm expecting them to do just that. It's not likely they committed to the tank stat change at launch, only to go "oops! all shire rings, manufacturer error" and undo it weeks later.
\*from SE doing nothing to manage server populations for 4 years
The obvious bottom line is they should have left the system the way it was where tanks had rings that like, actually enhance your character's power like everyone else has, instead of them being arbitrarily worse because lol tanks
ah yes that stitches up a flimsy comparison quite nicely, doesn't it
Quick question about this: where was it tested? While I wouldn't think it should matter, if you check the stat's tooltip on your character sheet, it says "Only applicable when role is Tank." It depends on how the game is coded and on how literal this function is, but if it is very literal, then I would posit that it will indeed do nothing outside Duties because that's the only place you are assigned a role. It's possible (and obviously it should work this way) that your role is "tank" by simply being that class, and the cross-role system seems to support this. However, prior to 4.0, it's possible the only place you would have been classified the role "tank" is in an instance. Although, Piety works in the open world and has the same language, so it might be a little farfetched for Tenacity to be different...
outrageous video games
"we want to buff skill speed but we don't want to make it more interesting"
Yeah, wouldn't it be awful of Skill Speed was something that possibly (but noy probably) scaled good for DRK and PLD
Oh no, stats synergizing better for certain classes but not others! So exploitative
I like the Xaela lore because, unlike the expansion they were added in, it exists.
Uh. How exactly is there no context for "Bloodbath synergized incredibly with Fell Cleave/Decimate and Berserk?"
I'd rather see some math about WAR stance swapping being more restrictive than an onGCD tank stance. Losing a GCD is big in this game, and even bigger relatively in SB than it was in HW since enmity has become more scarce. Like, yes, the fact that stance swapping dumps your meter is annoying and it dictates how you use it in a lot of cases. Congratulations--it also does this on PLD. I'd still like to see some theorycraft proving that it hurts WAR's performance more than the other two tanks, because spending a GCD on your tank stance and having to GCD clip to take it off on DRK is obnoxious as fuck.
Wow, I didn't know MMO developers aren't responsible for managing their own server populations.
it's almost as if the obvious problem is that people don't like not swapping stances because it isn't fun
There's also no risk involved with a DRK putting on Grit. Your evaluation of "fair tank stance penalties" is disingenuous as hell.
Can you grow the fuck up? How about try playing tank classes instead of being a smarmy shitter who picks fights with other tank classes because they're on the opposite end of the lunch table as you?
"Bad" is not a fair evaluation I'd say, since there is a benefit to preventing missed directionals. "Nowhere near as important as the other melee" is a more realistic statement.
especially since you have to to enjoy environments without disruption in this game
I think this response exemplifies the issue at hand, though. High-end content worthy of the extra prep time is different thresholds for different people, and the pressure is on the tank to just know what the general sentiment of the party is.
Doesn't seem to refute "but that makes enmity easier for me!" very well tbh
It's also just that that's a juvenile way to look at class balance. If you've played all 3 tanks, you probably enjoyed WAR and wished that PLD was cooler (as far as how 3.0 was.)
I've never once as a tank gone "if only I could silence!" Interject just seems redundant, and I hate that it took Delirium's animation and somehow made it feel terrible.
I still don't like the DRK changes. I don't feel like Bloodspiller is something DRK needed or wanted. It's interesting how it interacts with Grit, but it takes all the thunder out of Carve and Spit with the help off spammy buffed Souleaters. C&amp;S was a fantastic feeling attack that felt powerful, and even though it *literally did not change* it feels so wishy washy now because it's just an oGCD Souleater, but it does only 30 more potency than SE and doesn't get hit as often as Bloodspiller, which hits harder. Blackest Night is cool, but I don't care for the fact that it competes with Dark Arts rather than plays to it. I resent that Dark Arts was not expanded at all, especially for tanking and not DPSing. Quietus is a cooler button when you realize it is an incredible attack for use with Blood Weapon. Delirium is eh, neither exciting nor bad. It lacked an expansion of how DRK uses MP to really make it attractive. I don't feel like Blackblood is a meaningful resource that DRK needed. Seriously, it's not distinguishable from WAR Wrath, nor are the attacks it fuels different from WAR's. Basically, I don't feel like DRK got expanded. They took a bunch of hand-me-down WAR buttons from HW that have nothing to do with DRK's class identify or mechanics, and similarly they took Stoneskin away from healers and gave it to you. I don't feel like they had ideas with DRK, it just seemed like an afterthought. Also, noone is hype about DRK GCDs.
The main annoying thing about this is it really restricts where you can go DA+CnS, although BS/Quietus alleviates it a little.
They're not just super long queues, but they themselves take a long time to get through. They're as many bosses as 8-man raid tiers except you have to do all of them in one sitting.
pretty much me any time my highlander is doing anything in ala migho tbh
I enjoyed WAR a lot in 3.0, and while I think it's understandable that some may not like them in 4.0, this honestly just looks really whiny.
Wahoo, new bookmarks!
Idiotic management.
Better call up all the competing MMOs to figure out what hoodoo wizardry they used to get their AFK timeouts actually working. XIV is the *only* modern game I've been seen that struggles with this. Also, believe it or not, being able to click on literally anything in the game to be able to prevent logging out and knowing how to set up automated scripts are two **very different** populations, and it's extremely disingenuous to suggest that fixing the extremely common knowledge methods would not reduce the severity of the problem. Also, PS4 version exists.
Apparently it takes longer than 2 years because this was a problem at 3.0 launch too, but okay
Try a VPN.
thought this was going to be about ver- and not val-, disappointed
It's approx 100 quests (leveling MSQ is 184.) [Source](https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/Main_Scenario_Quests) For EXP, typically you're looking at coming out of 2.x at 53 instead of 50 if you have the expansion.
The only info you would really need are openers, and for the most part you can still use that information. Just don't use Dark Passenger and it's otherwise mostly the same. The only thing I'd look out for is some might have Dark Arts placement that doesn't account for the fact that Siphon Strike now consumes Dark Arts.
Honestly I feel like it wouldn't kill then to reduce the recast but make its duration shorter in combat. When are you ever needing to sprint for 10 full seconds in a fight?
Isn't it great how crappy management brings us all together?
No, everyone was gone because the servers were turned off.
Depending on how early you are, the last boss of Thousand Maws of Totorakk has an inordinately long cutscene for that type of dungeon. Stone vigil as well to a lesser extent. **In practice** though, I rarely ever see people gripe about Viewing Cutscene these days. You will want to prepare for the fact that Castrum and Praetorium dungeon groups simply won't wait for you to watch cutscenes, because there is no need for them to do so. So you will probably get a lot of back to back cutscenes unless you can get some friends to run it unsync with you for a better experience.
Can always return to learning or clear parties if you're feeling like you want to brush up on it.
Unmend -&gt; Unleash sounds like it's begging to be a combo action to me. Get rid of the RNG useless MP save and double its potency after Unmend and it *just might* look like it has a cohesive use on a pull.
That's the long and short of it, and what makes the issue such a frustration. The problem was borne of multiple issues that could have been trivially avoided beforehand as long as they actually observed that it's not fine for one server to be so huge long before hand. It'd also help damage control if it wasn't so trivial to disrupt idle timeouts. Anyone can click on a retainer bell.
No.
[so close yet so far away](https://gyazo.com/f3bb271aad3616608128db12b7ddc68e)
WHY FUCK AROUND WITH STR ACCESSORIES TO BEGIN WITH WHEN ITS OBVIOUS SE HAS NO FUCKING INTEREST IN KEEPING THEM
my grandfather doesn't believe in magic
blyn has pretty much extinguished all hope of any future horsemen being worth considering
finest game mechanics
im genuinely mad someone presented that idea instead of "please pentamelding is the fucking worst"
The thing I don't get is Distant Counter isn't even that good on D. It's not at all difficult to play around Distant Counter; a lot of times it's "oh boy this unit is free because their stats are bad / they don't have a scary weapon." Why exactly did Lyn need to ruin it completely? Either way, I'll be fucking shocked if they ever directly nerf anything in this game. Whatever.
It's not even fan backlash. The game gets their money from whales, which are a small amount of the playerbase. If you alienate them by invaliding their four-figure investments in a character, or give them even the impression that you are invalidating their investment, that can have a very big impact on profitability, and it only takes a handful of whales. I think that's a large part of why things like how B!Lyn were handled makes people so salty: because they know there are no take-backs. No matter how big the mistake, it can't be undone, and the disappointment that they made such a mistake is difficult to swallow.
powerful lyn counter, Unobtainable Unit
[there we are](https://i.gyazo.com/a9c4a578673fed426dc4bc620fe8751f.png)
i'm guessing because gw2 wasn't born from anything equivalent to the 1.0 hell mess that is what ARR inherited
it's kind of a joke, but then friend functionality in this app in general is kind of a joke.
I somehow doubt Reddit karma had any bearing on their business decisions regarding promotional codes
Or literally anything
Because you cannot do everything on one character on WoW, so I guess that gives SE free license to be shitty to anyone who needs an alt for any reason.
that requires they do actual work though
Probably just swap out of tank stance and OT unless you're hell bent on MTing. There's not really a right or wrong, but conceding to the tanks aggressive enough to go as far as provoke off of you is definitely the easiest way to deal with it.
Can't speak to gathering, but food will not run out mid-craft. The buff will persist until you finish the craft, then drop after.
Probably a stretch at this point but I'd really like to see something like Agnaktor in MHW. Maybe some day
GW2 does that to a similar extent as XIV does, though the polish isn't quite the same. It is a non sub game, though.
Well, the NIN-specific latency woes were addressed way back in I believe 3.1 or 3.2. That said, poor latency does hit them harder than most classes just due to how Mudra requires many inputs, so high latency can result in a lot more GCD clipping for them than another class would have to deal with. It doesn't make them unplayable, however, so you would have to be the judge. One might suggest RDM would be in demand because they are useful for progression raiding due to having the easiest access to raise on a non-healer and 4.2 corresponds with a new raid tier, so everyone will be progressing. It's also entirely possible that buffs in 4.2 could make them more attractive in their own right, as I know their lackluster DPS output has been a talking point in recent months.
Settings icon next to chat input -&gt; General button -&gt; Uncheck Novice Network. It's not leaving, but you won't be exposed to it if you don't care to see it. (I don't!)
It's a shitty reason to kick someone IMO, but yes, if you were not doing AoE on big pulls then you were underperforming to a high degree and substantially slowing the run down to boot. You definitely want to learn to AoE on 3-4+ targets to perform your role well. Sorry you got grouped with jerks, though.
They barely have the gut to tell a story at all. I'd bet money they won't.
I think the simple matter is the people who are on Balmung are not willing to leave. It will need significant asphyxiation (IE no new blood for many months, which is what it's getting currently) to bring its population down.
Click the "manually adjust visor" button at the bottom of your character pane. Typing /visor also works.
I'm still in the middle of ignoring Sightseeing Log. It's been 4 years and I haven't unlocked it
he is a big boy
This area makes me nerd out about etrian odyssey 3 a lot
It still kind of blows my mind that you can't toggle off player names in Feast. Jesus fucking christ that was an adjustment coming from Frontline. The job icon "helps," but it just does the job worse? It doesn't address that player names and shit cause a ton of fucking clutter, which adding a job icon next to it is only making worse.
Not sure where you got "some of these dungeons," but its absolutely none of the ones on the leveling track. The learning curve in this game is very, very lenient.
you're telling me to buy a game i am getting twice because i want native 60 FPS on PC and i want it on my switch
I'd wager not much? How many people are there really who would buy a PS4 over Demon's Souls that didn't buy one over Bloodborne?
Master Mode infuriates me in ways Souls never could because Souls isn't bullshit to you and doesn't have a fetish for touch-of-death challenges in a battle engine that was not designed for touch-of-death Trials of the Fuckering Sword I swear to god
[This guide should be up to date.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jwA4kzXgnHF7gjUxY5E90zOQdyBW1F13MVUTk-aJZY4/edit) [Cheat sheet for 4.0 60ish BLM buttons.](https://i.gyazo.com/2799fc0e0ac811b26dd826f381bbf4d8.jpg) Using this while leveling will let you transition smoothly into the 70 rotation for BLM.
Hell yeah I played the shit out of that game for months when I was too sick to do anything else, god bless the switch's grandpa
It has shoes but they only fit on your left foot
Honestly I find the concept of "Expert roulette" really stupid or *at least* totally arbitrary. If they just pooled all SB 70 dungeons into one roulette for daily tomes that's the ideal for me. It's not even like it's worth anything to suggest the newest dungeons are harder than the older ones because they're all incredibly easy content by design. The newer dungeons also tend to be very prominent after a new patch hits, so I'm just as exhausted with the newer dungeons (in this case Skalla) as I am with the older ones. It's whatever.
because you were not genuinely asking "is it easier to use a controller," you were asking "why go through all this trouble when using a controller is easier"
I think the main problem with Holy and DRK is Holy going out right when TBN happens. That sucks a lot more than BP not getting as many hits. Ultimately, though, while annoying, it's just not worth belly aching about. As others have stated, Holy is an incredible spell and nothing DRK does compares to it. It's also just trash. No use crying over some MP on trash. You should just try to Holy consistently. A good DRK will watch your cast bar and plan around when you usually cast Holy.
Not a lot of big, all-in-one sprawling guides out there covering just about every topic imaginable for crafting and gathering. Thanks for the hard work.
It's not like you ever gambled for BK
and most of the time he is not stalking he is just walking because he cannot teleport
It's still really early but I just don't understand their class balance landscape. Why does SMN need to be able to enter DWT faster (even more flexibility than they already have?) *Akh Morn potency buff seriously?* There has to be caveats to this.
Honestly, all I am taking away from this is that personal housing has been lazily supported from the get go, and prioritizing FCs just puts it back in the forefront. FCs and individuals should never have been competing for the same real estate from day 1.
I CANNOT FUCKING STAND THE RHETOERIC ON THIS TOPIC, ARE PEOPLE FUCKING BLIND YES SCALPERS ARE SHIT BUT THERE IS NO FUCKING CELEBRATION FOR "YOU CANNOT VIABLY SELL A HOUSE EVER" BECAUSE IF YOU CONNECT THE DOTS (A DIFFICULT TASK) THAT MEANS PEOPLE WITHOUT A HOUSE CANNOT BUY ONE AND SE SURE AS FUCK ISN'T PROVIDING THEM
MOTHER FUCKER I AM A DARK KNIGHT MAIN HOW IS WARRIOR GETTING MORE CHANGES THAN ME???????????????????
I'M REALLY REALLY FUCKED UP OVER THIS I'M READY FOR THE SERIOUS THREADS ABOUT IT BUT UNTIL THEN F-YOU FRIDAY IS HERE TO SOOTHE MY TORTURED SOUL
YOUR POST ABOUT THIS IS WAY MORE PETTY THAN AND THUS INFINITELY SUPERIOR TO MINE
Honestly--and I didn't really have much of a grasp on this subject before trying SMN--BLM has serious problems with inflexibility in a way that is at odds with the complex demands of encounters in this game. I won't say the proc changes don't help, but they do not fix the problem--which is not something that will ever be easily fixed, if at all. Changing the duration of their mostly RNG procs so that it's more possible to use them when you need them is just beating around the bush, which is that RNG procs are really not that helpful on a class that has very few opportunities to use said procs. 4.2 will most likely put BLM in a better place in terms of work vs. reward, but it won't change what a frustration it can be to deal with it compared to what literally every other class in the game has to deal with. There's much more to that statement than this particular issue of course, but it's just part of a long list of fundamental problems with BLM's design.
Nothing. There's virtually no chance that the upcoming housing changes will impact any pre-existing houses.
It's ironic that you mentioned Shukuchi though because clicking on the ground also sucks and can't be done in a practical fashion on controller at all and requires a macro Beyond that, though, I feel like the bigger problem with AM is just that BLM barely has any fucking instant casts to use oGCDs in. AM being moderately clunky is just adding fuel to the fire.
I like the implied excitement for DRK damage buffs when it's almost certain to be 10 more potency to Soul Eater and no more changes for DRK, especially given that they couldn't be assed to write more than "general usability" for the bastard child tank they dismantled in 4.0
They're dead serious about their tit-for-tat. Just look at the SMN changes. They are genuinely fucking considering a ST buff for SMN, easily the single best DPS class overall, because they're nerfing their AoE, which is (again) far and away the very best in the game.
Jesus that's a relief on my part if true. I still feel really bad for the people who aren't as fortunate though, it put a huge damper on the patch and also the fucking activities I have been invested with in preparation for said patch for sure. I'm also wondering how much less of a shitshow this new setup will really be. I think it's definitely important to eliminate login server congestion from the equation, but at the same time it just sounds to me like there will be way more competition to try and get houses. I don't know what the happy medium for all this should look like.
Idk I would really lilke some more SoV content
Season passes I don't feel like are too bad, but some have failed to live up to the promise in recent years. I definitely understand it from the "MH DLC has always been free" perspective though
that's been drk literally every time though i mean yeah, 100% agree there's nothing to have a discussion about, but like. i've been to this same "nothing to talk about" drk thread so many times in the past already and it's tiresome no matter how much great feedback there is they still can't offer anything substantial to drk's concerns we were waiting the liveletter before, being told to wait is all drk does
"Damage" also didn't necessarily have anything to do with DRKs awful torn-down button play, which I would bet money that "we improved DRK's DPS" is going to be either 10 Souleater pitenxy or a Darkside damage increase again People got what they wanted on this part, though. Yes, Tank DPS balance was not what it would be but everyone gets raw fucking deal when they are hyper focused on sensational DPS numbers and not the much more relatively complex design issues a class is facing.
I was on board until Scourge memes. Scourge has nothing to do with utility and everyone regurtitates it and it undermines the dialogue out the fucking door for giving DRK an identity that isn't "damage tank." Like, I get it. We all loved Scourge. But I'd be willing to bet that a large portion of why DRK always gets such a raw deal is people cannot focus their dialogue on solutions to the challenges DRK faces without dipping into the "Scourge weapon combo!!!" and other such honey pots. Then when we get solutions like "Souleater +10" people don't seem to understand why SE didn't listening to them, when they frickin are and that's what's wrong. Do not start a conversation about DRK's utility with a fucking button that only does damage.
The buffs don't address my concerns. Balance in this game is ephemeral, and while I'm glad that people who were concerned about their performance relative to the other tanks are getting what they want, what I wanted was for DRK to be a better, more engaging class, and I highly doubt that support is coming any time soon because people are far too focused on easily-tweakable metrics like DPS.
I SWEAR I SAW THIS GUY IN 3.0 AND WE HAD TO KICK HIM BECAUSE WE COULD NOT CLEAR LAST BOSS OF FRACTAL
yeah "weird hammer engineer" is the class i want to see most tbh
Rabanastre chests drop on both Rofocale and Argath, so it's 2 chances per run.
more red infantry swords for the red infantry sword god
defeat a horse staff w/ no weapon that is level 35 or higher with gwendolyn
the resolution of images they use on these blogs is criminal
dem void ark dyes thoooooOO
Miitomo simply felt poorly supported. It was fine at launch and seemed like it could get better as it was fleshed out, but those updates never came and the premise of its profitability was simply baffling. It almost felt like a tech demo. I feel for those who connected with this game in some way--it could have and by all means should have been a lot better. If they weren't going to support it though, then shuttering it is simply the best option. They have other offerings on mobile that are way more soundly set up and have a better future.
boy reusing those skins like this is just a well-rounded decision isn't it
Too bad they won't be allocating the player's time sink labor on other shit!
ah yes I can see they are fucking dividing marth up again
them splitting marth is hot garbage, they have to be ignoring the criticism for that
*WOW* the fact that they acted like they were fixing MSQ dungeons and that's their "fix" jesus christ
Are they....delirious?
it is "you will do bloodspiller less so you can spam dark arts even more" though, that's pretty close to "more soul eater"
other than the problem of them being a fucking mind-numbing mess to play, but people are always going crazy with the numbers instead
hey look, posters also don't listen when DRKs talk about their class being a boring mess to push buttons on
&gt;it feels like they're simplifying the job. A lot. I stopped running DRK because of how brain-dead simple it is, hope WAR isn't going down that route too :( that's the main problem and updates like 4.2 are the ones you get when people go bonkers about numbers instead of design "my numbers suck when i get bad rng in ir" congratulations you got what you wanted
Don't act like you're deep enough into the numbers to care about raid buffs when you're spinning "Delirium is weak" memes and framing a reduction in Delirium's recast time as bad thing, which it absolutely isn't. You're doing exactly nothing useful for DRK.
i can't wait to spend half my MP on something the other tanks do for free
yeah, More Hand Me Down Shit From Other Tanks is so creative
I'm a Berserk purist tho
DRK: Trait that gives you a stacking buff every time you hit with Bloodspiller that increases Carve and Spit's potency by 50, consumed when used.
I want DRK to get things that aren't fucking hand me down ideas from the other tanks, personally.
i would like to see just about anything underwater tbh it bugs me a bit that this game waffled on underwater combat--doesn't have to be perfect or even utilized in high-end spheres of the game, although I realize for FFXIV it would have a very high animation footprint
repair all
alt nonhostility in MY ffxiv????
It's because it's trash design to have to reload the instance every time to get your best opener, period. Nobody else had to do that.
maybe that's a step towards making how food is sorted on the market board less of a fucking nightmare
Did anyone get any screencaps of this? I didn't log in while it was up and I'm having trouble visualizing what people are talking about.
lots of bells and whistles for screwing personals over
The DoW Shinryu weapons also didn't have more weapon damage than the 330 tome weapons while the caster ones did. Not sure why it's set up like this but it's not exactly new. I wouldn't be surprised if people raised a bigger stink about it for raiding weapons, though.
hatsune miku invented nail polish
&gt; You can get a gatherer to level 70 in like 1 day if you have enough leves. you are grossly undercutting the value behind "i don't have to subject myself to hours and hours of fucking mundane gathering grinding"
The only thing your race dictates is your personal story up to level 30, which your friends can always join you for regardless of if they are the same race.
I definitely understand the grievance with it and how much of a bad feeling death sentence it is in early game, but I also just feel like it wouldn't be EO without the treacherous status effects. Poison in virtually everything else is always so wishy washy.
i mean they've all pretty much been "giant knockers with a bland character attached" for the most part
"I am bad at aiming and so I don't enjoy it, therefore I will not practice it so I get better." I guess everyone who is "good" at aiming was born with that skill since it is necessarily impossible to be bad at aiming and also enjoy it, right? People generally don't argue that it's required that you be good at a game to have fun with it, and being good at a game doesn't necessarily mean you will like it either. Equivocating skill at something with the capacity to enjoy said skill is nonsense.
it took me forever to actually find the flintstones in there what does this say about me
