Engineers also accounts for people running in vehicles a lot, so you might see similar numbers for medics and engineers.
I've heard the new keyboards have an excellent keybed, although they're a bit feature-lacking for keyboards that expensive. That being said, if you want Komplete, and you want a keyboard, you might as well buy them.
ah, whoops.
Think of it this way- future you, under the genjutsu, wouldn't feel sad that they don't have any pain. Sure, you wouldn't be happy during the process of being forced into the genjutsu, but in the long term you'd be much happier. Given that Madara knows this, and given that you're still the same person under the genjutsu (whether by the pattern or continuity theory of conciousness, or because you're in the narutoverse and absolutely guaranteed to have a soul) it would be the most ethical (at least from a utalitarian persective) thing for Madara to do, regardless of what you currently want. Plus, a sufficiently good simulation is indistinguishable from reality, and we don't get any indication that the people under the IT realize they're dreaming. Any lotus eating machine worth its salt would make sure to include just enough problems in the dream to make you feel like you're still struggling and doing something meaningful, but not so many that your overall enjoyment is decreased. And the IT is certainly worth its salt, as countless ninja, experienced at spotting through illusions, don't realize something is wrong. Scary thought for the day: what if the IT succeeded, but in their dreams people saw themselves beating it, because that's what made them happiest?
\&gt;intertwined \&gt;battle for all eternity Dunno, man. Sounds kind of hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
More Uchiha dickery, but that happens every chapter so it doesn't really need to be said.
...And promptly move onto the second biggest problem: the big crunch. Oh well, you win some, you lose dome :P
No, the 1.71 figure is the square root of 3 divided by two, like how 2 is the square root of 4 divided by two. Screens are in two dimensions, which is why this happens
/r/niceguys edit: this is, in fact, a troll. A good one, but a troll nonetheless.
I'd say the majority of the planet, easily, believes he existed. His divinity is in question, but muslims, christians, jews, hindu, even many atheists believed he existed. That definitely accounts for, at least (by my estimate) 2.5 billion, and likely more.
This is where it's at, man. Memorizing key signatures was way too much of a pain in comparison.
Eh, it's a bit hard to say. If they're positively massive, maybe, but it's rather difficult to kill someone with your bare hands. I'm also a fairly tall dude, so I don't get intimidated by tall people (even when they're taller than me.)
still neckbeardly, but not nearly as much as believing it's his waifu.
Not like a prank, but like one of those series of pictures where people take an object on a trip with them then take pictures of them with that object. The joke would be that he brought something as ridiculous as a cardboard cutout of a waifu. (That is, assuming he doesn't actually think it's his waifu. HE very well might-- I just don't know without being provided more context than a reddit title.)
Itachi-senpai-kun would like to disagree with you.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Except for create outfit to thirty, that can stay. I get the impression that people who join the game then make an outfit just for their friends don't stay long anyways.
I actually run both pretty well on my new computer, and passably on my old computer (i5 4430, intel HD graphics), but forgelight has had serious issues scaling up to large fights and with server performance. The multi threading update has significantly improved performance, though.
I know the problems this system has, but I feel that the potential for new player retention could rise significantly if implemented correctly. For the first group, if they make their own outfit it's just the blind leading the blind, and they leave, overwhelmed. For the second group, unlocks like this have been going on for ages on much more popular games (read: COD), so I don't think it'll negatively impact recruitment of new players. For the third group, it's all bad, yeah. That being said, if you're in an outfit and making alts, you're already pretty likely to stay with the game, the ultimate purpose of the update.
&gt;As it is still wishlist, a lot could change including full takebacks. Yeah, as I see it, that's my primary concern. I like the general idea, but I think items need to be shuffled around so players are immediately funneled into being useful to their team (medic, engi, MAX standard, for example) with more niche things coming in later (like infiltrator) but everything unlocking by BR 15. Except for outfit creation, that can stay at BR 30.
Yeah, it might be a good idea if they were to make it account-wide.
Ahh, makes sense.
&gt;Asari_Lover You don't get a say, you filthy alien loving heretic. I bet you keep illicit vanu pornography in your bunk, too! Report to your nearest commissar, for immediate application of BLAM.
&gt;I would have never continued playing this game if Infiltrator didn't exist. Mained it from BR1 to BR100. That hardly contradicts what I said. It's a niche interest- sure, some people might be infiltrator fanatics, but the vast majority won't be. I'm a dedicated airsperg, and I still put ESF to BR 15. And it's really not arbitrary- in the thread I made for this, support classes and vehicles are given first, then infantry in increasing order of difficulty, then vehicles in increasing order of difficulty. &gt;Do you think that new players will have a lot of fun by holding a repair/healing gun up to players and holding LMB? Do you think that will excite them enough that they'll want to stay? Do you think they'll have fun constantly dying and never feeling like they're doing something useful? Anyways, the support classes give the highest XP for new players, and the medic in particular has a decent combat ability. They'll be able to unlock the other classes faster with the support clases than if they were given the other classes and had to kill themselves up to the support classes. &gt;The "New Player Experience" should be based around making the game fun for new players, not for turning new players into the support slaves for the game's BR100s. The new player experience should be based around making sure new player stick with the game. Fun is secondary, because they can always have fun after the new player experience finishes.
&gt;Collosal direct damage to kill vehicles false. These were nerfed to the point where a full volley into a tank's back armor will only put it to burning. Harassers and flashes will just dodge them, and sundies take way too much ammo to be even close to being worth it. I mainly use them to fight liberators and galaxies, actually, where they actually make a difference. &gt;(really, how they fit?!) if I recall correctly, the P-39 Aircobra (a WW2 plane) fit 6 M8 rockets (114 mm). That doesn't sound like a lot, until you realize a single one would obliterate a heavy tank. Really, if this game was anywhere near realistic all vehicle weapons would be reverted to launch state. &gt;Hornets are even worse - enormous range, laser guidance Range is capped at (IIRC) 300m. They disappear afterwards. And against infantry, render range usually works out to less than 300m anyways. &gt;great splash to farm infantry not really, I find myself killing 1-2 infantry in a single well-aimed volley, which isn't that much considering that infantry tend to run into buildings and avoid my wrath. And that's despite having considerable experience with them- I have roughly 500 kills (Although a great deal of those are on aircraft/ground vehicles.) &gt;to 1-2 volleys, because it is still enough to kill a vehicle patently false, unless your vehicle is a flash, harasser, ESF or valkyrie (and I'm not so sure about harasser). This is assuming 100% accuracy by the way. Considering that vehicles and infantry are more than capable of dodging, A2G missiles are in no way needing a nerf. &gt;well, A2A missiles can't now I find A2A tomcats extremely effective, to the point where I'm a credible threat to AA nosegun/ AB tank ESF's (pure air) using banshee/a2am (mixed air and ground.) And that's despite being, all told, not that great a dogfighter. My only auraxium is the aforementioned banshee. Coyotes finally have a counter, but that only applies to a very small segment of pilots anyways (max stealth.) &gt;nanorepair it used to be overpowered, but it can no longer be used in fights. And really, unless I'm playing bail assault I'd rather use stealth. &gt;This will make aircrafts not farming combiners, but actual tactical tools, which should be used only when neccessary - to destroy AMS or protect it from sniping tank. And when tactical task is completed aircraft will have to return for resupply. Not farm constantly. This will do nothing of the sort, because ESF's already incapable of destroying sunderers (sunderer garages protected from aircraft), and except in small fights are unable to kill tanks. Nerfing aircraft won't somehow make them "more tactical." A rebalance, where some stats are buffed and some nerfed might, but you're just sh*tting on ESF's across the board. &gt;P.S. tl;dr you play exclusively infantryside and don't want anything that lets vehicles actually affect the meta of capturing bases.
Since it clearly bypasses the timer placing cooldown, a game mechanic specifically included for balance.
Because tomcat users are a plague? I mean. I used tomcats because I had bought them long ago in my new pilot days, and if I was using banshee I was already being incredibly scummy, so tomcats wouldn't make a difference. I knew full well how unfun they are to fight.
Bwuh?
What does its TTK against ESF's look like?
Scythe PPA/AH will definitely get nerfed. Not because they're OP, but because Banshee is UP, and infantry players will never agree to a change that buffs it.
That's what I thought about the banshee. It was literally unchanged since launch. What I think will happen is that the AH will be nerfed first, for its power against aircraft, and then, with the PPA being clearly better than both at infantry killing, it'll get cut down to size.
Several PC games have been neutered because they were ported to a console. I personally watched the massive bugs and delays caused by optimizing planetside 2 to the ps4. PC players have good reasons for not wanting games ported too consoles.
Consoles nost definitely caused inssues in planetside, especially when theymerged the codebases.
No, because the OC version is inevitably given more horsepower to run it, so it doesn't need to hold the console version back. Imagine if they tried to also make every console game a mobile game.
Like you're any better for using Ad hominems without hearing the whole story.
Just fyi, the real reason they were banned was because a female player of planetside, after posting a picture of her planetside-centric skirt, was mocked for having big hands, and driven out of the subreddit. The person who posted that meme participated, and definitely deserved the ban. The 500 word essay thing is ridiculous, but I wouldn't have wanted him/her on the subreddit anyways.
You think that excuses being a douchebag? He was harassing a member of the community, and regardless of how effective he was, I wouldn't want him posting in /r/planetside
I ship sarada x bluehair dude. Not for any good reason, just because.
Ninja are dicks in general. If pardoning oruchimaru gets hum working for the greater good, they wont think twice.
Danzo was a dick, so killing him pretty much immediately redeems sasuke.
I thunk ninja in general have a much higher threshold for considering someone a monster, considering all the sh*tty stuff they do. Oruchimaru still qualifies, but since he's the leader of his own country, they'd be more likely to forgive his crimes if it kept the peace.
If literally the only thing you do is capture points, you're still more valuable than every other unit in the game, because the entire point of the game is to capture bases.
Wait a second. Zabuza is around kakashi's age, and grew up with yagura. How, then, could yagura get isobu after rin?
Desert Storm. It's easy to win when you can dispense freedom via tomahawk missille
IIRC, the chidori pushes you forward even faster, due to it's chakra nature. Fun fact- the rasenshruiken moves around mach 10, as some people calculated during the pein fight.
If he wanted to get noticed for teamkilling, he probably shouldn't have chosen nc
Odds to evens they use planetside 2's model and only bother rendering so many of the players in a system. For example, in a 50 person instance, you'll only be getting information on the nearest 30 or so.
Spawnroom warriors don't really affect me when I play infantry, but as a pilot I get nailed by a whole lot of flakmaxes/G2A heavies from spawnrooms, even if I'm playing AA/AV and minding my own business.
My problem isn't getting some ancillary damage- that's inevitable. My problem is that, as an aircraft, I have no way to make them stop besides getting completely out of the hex. As an infantryman, I could at least try to cap the base, forcing them out.
Yeah, I don't tank a whole lot, but don't exactly enjoy being near spawnrooms when this happens.
Yeah, I understand the problem, but the way it ends up being is that either there are enough people trying to destroy me to fend me off, or there aren't. Spawnroom heroes lower my enjoyment of the game (which may, admittedly, make them a better deterrent) but they're not significantly more likely to make me leave than the same number of players doing the same thing outside the spawnroom. Additionally, whenever I see a fight with more than one ESF successfully camping spawn, it's generally a fight where the side with the ESFs heavily outpop the defenders, so they could spawncamp the defenders regardless. I'm not going to say that vehicles (ESFs included) camping spawnrooms isn't a problem, but letting people fight from the spawnroom isn't really a workable solution.
In effect, it actually sounds pretty similar.
As I see it, for aircraft, the problem isn't so much any particular part of them, like dps as you said, but rather how frustrating they are to fight. As a pilot, I know exactly how hard it is to upkeep an ESF and actually make it useful. As an infantryman, or a tanker, however, you're only going to notice those times when your team doesn't have any defenses up and you get ruthlessly bombed. The solution I'd propose is, like you said, decreasing the DPS, but then significantly increasing the loiter time of an ESF. One hit kills would stay the same, but stuff like flak/G2A missiles would take longer to kill an ESF (and longer proportionally to kill an ESF.) The idea would be to make it harder for a single unit to deal with an ESF (and lets face it- a single unit only deters ESF's right now anyways) but make it easier to have multiple targets fighting ESF's, because the ESF's will loiter over an area for longer, allowing more people to notice and shoot it. Plus, OHKO weapons will be more useful against ESF's, and those tend to be both satisfying to use, and don't cause rage with ESF pilots because they're typically rather difficult to use. Plus, ground units get more time to hide agaist G2A ESF's bombing them, while A2A ESF's care less about ground interference. For tanks, I think the following things need to be implemented: Coaxial MG for lightnings. All lightning armament is changed to deal more damage to MBT's, and less to other vehicles/infantry (making them dedicated tank hunters, ESF's of the ground, if you will) MBT's gain significantly more armour against infantry, and deal significantly more damage to sunderers. In general, make MBT's better tanks, and lightnings better tank destroyers (focusing their AI power onto their coaxial machine guns)
I mean, I'd be fine seeing hornets/rocket pods more firmly segregated into their roles, although I can't speak for any other pilots. For example, I've long been a proponent of dropping 100 splash damage per hornet rocket (so they deal only 900 total in a volley) for extra speed, and I'd give up all the splash for extra speed and damage against armor (especially sunderers, ESF's can do virtually nothing against them.). And at this point, rocketpods are already pretty bad at killing heavy armor, so I'd be fine with seeing them changed to a resistance type completely ineffective against heavy armor, mostly innefective against light armor, but with a greater inner blast damage and more damage against heavy air (because trying to take down a liberator or galaxy with just a nosegun is nearly impossible.) As far as noseguns, I don't really think they need to be changed. I mean, I wouldn't really care if they were, but I basically only use them for killstealing. Unless I'm in a massive ESF zerg (incredibly rare) I basically never kill any ground vehicles by myself with them. The exception would be the banshee, but that's less because it's good against vehicles and more because it got so frustrating to use against infantry I was willing to risk my plane nosing up close to the backsides of tanks.
Please don't make this an empire-bashing thing. The PPA is still in a similar position.
Actually, the banshee still oneclips maxes. You need near 100% accuracy to do so, thoughm
The banshee isn't just UP compared to the other ESAI weapons, it's UP compared to the rotary. It has so little splash, it basically requires direct hits.
666 satan (AKA o-parts hunter, written by the less famous kishimoto brother) is really great, just fyi.
Then they're all underpowered. That's like saying every MAX AV weapon should be nerfed to the level of the fracture, or saying every flak weapon should be nerfed to the level of the ranger.
The banshee is bad at killing armour, really bad and really bad at killing air. It was nerfed because it was OP against infantry. I don't want it totally reversed-- I know how OP it was (I got about 860 kills with it.) I just want part of the nerf reversed, because it was nerfed too far, to the point where it was less frustrating to kill other aircraft, no matter how bad it is for the task, because it's just that bad at killing infantry
\&gt; implying any recent fps isn't
And? The secondaries don't increase the killing power of the banshee. The make the ESF more versatile, but don't affect whether the weapon itself is overpowered or underpowered.
It's more battlefield 4 meet EVE online, minus the spreadsheet simulator.
Medic gun, medic. Assault rifles are excellent weapons, even the stock ones, and the medic gun lets you rake in cert points. It's even better if you're TR, because we have the greatest,number of good assault rifles- the stock gun is great, the trv spams shots, the TAR is a high mobility beast, the SABR is the only good burst weapon in the game, and I've heard excellent things about the TORQ.
If I know I can only pull somethi,g every 7 minutes, it's sure as hell going to affect my playstyle. And I fail to understand why an equal number of players, each individually more vulnerable, playing more difficult to use roles, shouldn't be more effective than players using an easier platform. Skill matters on the ground, why shouldn't it matter in the air?
Your comment's argument (or at least one of them) basically boiled down to " since two ESF's are better than a liberator, ESF's are overpowered." it wasn't your only argument, but it's the one I was referring to.
Filthy NC, you deserve to be cleansed by the might of the TERRAN REPUBLIC. Already, our commisars are preparing their commisar hats and commissioners to execute you and your terrorist brethren. LOYALTY. HONOR. COURAGE. TR.
PS2 is notoriously CPU intensive, because your computer has to jump through a lot of hoops to figure out what all the dozens or hundreds of players close enough to affect you are doing. You're getting a 300m radius of data from infantry, and up to 900m depending on vehicle (galaxies render furthest, because, of their size.)
Ps2 has it's own unique flight model to compensate for the low flight ceiling but comparatively large map. Because literally every aircraft is VTOL, a specialized combat maneuver called the reverse maneuver has been developed. I can't give exact instructions because I'm a PC player, but the general idea is to slow down, do a 180 degree alerion roll until your belly faces up, pitch down, then, once level, press boost. If you've slowed down far enough, the boosters will drop into hover mode, which gives you a significant increase in upwards thrust. The manuever is useful for two reason- it lets you face your opponent without getting into a tedious turnfight, and your delta-v during the boost phase is high enough, in a strange enough direction, that your opponent will miss a bunch of their shots trying to hit you. Dogfighting, in general, tends to happen after both pilots have switched to hover mode, so they can both aim at their opponents while also tumbling in midair with afterburners to make themselves more difficult to fight. If you know the reverse maneuver and your opponent doesn't, then you can make them overshoot you and get on their tail. Do note that the reverse maneuver is best down behind cover, as slowing down and flipping over makes you an easy to hit target. To stay in hover mode, only pitch down. It's much faster than pitching up anyways. At more advanced levels, you can use the reverse maneuver sideways, or while going around an obstacle.
There's actually a pretty good reason- point defense with blast weapons. Were there no friendly fire, you could constantly drop explosives on the points, killing enemies but not affecting your team.
Tower bases, nelson's defiance.
Steel beams? Yes. Tree branches? Hell no.
So what you're saying is, tomcats should be nerfed, right? Because you yourself said they take no skill and allow you to kill more experienced players solely on the strength of your loadout.
Used them properly? An ESF running tanks/AA nosegun is just as much an AA craft as a craft running locks/nosegun, but worse in every way against every air target. It got to the point where I was beating AA nosegun/tanks ESF's with my banshee/tomcats ESF with a fair degree of regularity.
Huh. Probably still better to be dead looking at a map than alive looking at a counter, though.
No clue, honestly.
If you're writing a crossover, just do whatever you want.
Because then they'd be useless at actually killing people?
Maybe with all headshots, the 143 damage tier takes 7 body shots to kill at minimum range with no nanoweave. Nanoweave 1 adds another shot, and more range adds more.
It would honestly be rather overpowered- aircraft would basically be flying turrets, or spaceships. If they were truly helicopters it would make sense, but ESF's are more like F-35's than apaches. The valkyrie has the greatest yaw speed.
Huh, I thought it was only maximum stealth.
Reason: The compressor is very simple, very intuitive, very clean. A bit fiddly to work with, occasionally, but overall a very good device. The EQ I'm more ambivalent about, as it doesn't show a spectrum readout. If the mixer bus EQ was the main EQ, I'd be ecstatic. Ableton Live: The compressor is a bit more difficult to figure out, but overall very feature rich and sounds good. The EQ is positively amazing.
Funny how in your comment you forget about geography.
Please don't camp warpgates- it's extremely cancerous behavior towards the airgame. Aside from that, go for, it.
Centrist voters matter quite a bit, as that's where swing votes tend to fall. Neither party has anything approaching ~50% of the popular vote locked in, and someone as liberal as sanders will definitely get the republican base energized to vote.
I'm going to have to disagree. I've seen plenty of excellent stories that follow the spirit of the prompt.
Again, I disagree, but these are subjective opinions anyways, so it's not worth having an argument over.
Cool, I'll check it out.
Probably only doable on max ammo, though. It's because the PPA and banshee have the HMG resist type, while the AH and other noseguns have the air MG resist type. Valkyries are built to be well defended against ESF weapons, not so much ground fire.
Nah. It's still pretty bad, it's just better than the others in groups because of its large DPM and HMG resist type.
No, I'm not. I'd need at least 50% confidence to make a bet, and here the major options are "lose the primary, win the primary but lose the general, lose the general." I think "win the primary but lose the general" is the single most likely option, but not necessarily one with a greater than 50% probability of happening.
ZOE is inherently broken, in that it gives a mobility buffs to what's already the tankiest infantry unit in the game. It's always going to be either OP or useless.
That doesn't make much sense, though-- why should the AV option be better than the AA option? I'd even be willing to take an AV secondary nerf against galaxies in return for a nosegun buff.
So all ESFs are supposed to do is circlejerk with other ESFs? I have beyter luck against lightnings. I still don't try qnd seek them out, though.
So you base balance decisions based entirely on your personal dislike of ESFs? Well, I guess it's pointless to argue with you, then. You're unlikely to listen to anything I have to say regardless.
I'm almost at 1.0 overall KDR, so after getting 1.0 no-revives kdr, I want to make it to at least .75 infantry-only kdr.
GaBe is for Gabriel B, and the rest of the stuff I've been adding to my usernames since I was twelve or so because I never get to use four letter usernames, and gaberock occasionally gets taken. (I've sent plenty of hate tells to the reddit dude who stole the name and then never posted anything.)
Eh, I've always thought forcing specialization doesn't make sense, when vehicles can't change loadouts. A heavy assault is good against everything, so vehicles should be at least as good.
Every MBT in the game lets the pilot switch between driver and gunner seat. If you don't think that's a big deal, I propose preventing seat switching for the pilot of any vehicle, including air vehicles. Sure, ESFs aren't nerfed, but liberators are.
&gt;Because ESFs are impossible to hit otherwise. I wish. Flak, walkers, basilisks, halberds, drakes, the archer, even small arms will all make me leave a fight. I'm not going to deny your last statement, but that hardly negates my point that ESF hp doesn't make a difference when fighting.
&gt;That's not true. Hornets can out-DPS two Engies, and no other ESF weapon can do that. Hornets are the only weapon you can put on an ESF that can kill a competent MBT on its own. That's your argument against it? Hornets are overpowered because tanks aren't literally invulnerable to them? That's kind of ridiculous. Well, ok. You can get hornets removed, but I want to be able to outrepair flak turrets and walkers. It's only fair, right?
Your defense is to call me bad? Seriously? All those things are on the list because I personally can hit ESFs with them, despite rarely gunning for tanks.
Okay, fine. Let's remove the ESF secondary slot. I hope you enjoy dying to buffed hornets and rocketpods, though. They would have to be at least good enough to take out skyguard lightnings, since they're more difficult to use, of course.
&gt;Why can't air just avoid tanks, with the mobility they are given so they can do so, and let heavier units deal with them? Because then why not just completely remove air from the game? It's not like air can get to sunderer garages.
&gt;Except the walker is nothing more than a deterrent You must not fly very much. Even a single walker is a significant threat to me, because they can keep hitting me up until render range (1000 m/s remember)? &gt;fucked against any other MBT who is smart enough to not run a walker. Well, yeah. An ESF without AB tanks is going to lose to an equally skilled ESF with them. I'm just hoping to give MBTs the same choice ESFs have.
&gt; When the best solution to a unit type is more of that unit type That doesn't sound like a problem that gets fixed by nerfing the hornets. If you actually want a fix for that, propose AA buffs. That's the whole point of this thread-- so tankers don't need to get in an ESF to get rid of ESFs.
Then why post a reply? That's like saying "I've got such a good comeback, but I'm not even going to go there." It's immature. Either say your piece or delete that comment and I'll delete this one. Even if it's just flatly stating where you disagree without any arguments.
I'm saying that if ESFs had only one weapons slot, their weapons would have to be buffed to compensate.
So you're saying that the easier to use weapon with several times the HP should be strictly better than the equally single-purpose option? Are you dumb?
So then what's the point of AA secondaries, if you won't use them anyways?
&gt;Good god I'm an awful pilot but unless I fly over a place with loads of AA and nowhere to hide I rarely die to flak. A single walker is not a threat, if the guy is good with it you can get off 2 salvos and fly away using ab and fs to bring you back up to a fair chunk of your health back. At the same time, I'm not going to be doing anything productive with that walker there. I've sat in a bus with a walker and personally shut down air out of a fight, killing two or three reavers. They're dead easy to use, and deal a fair bit of damage. &gt;Give MBTs the same choice? Great, let us control the top gun like ESFs can their secondaires, and give MBTs the same weapon choices as ESFs, you know, because that makes everything balanced. Sure, why not. Go for it. It's not like you can't just seat swap anyways. You can't drive that way, of course, but every tanker tells me hornets are impossible to dodge anyways, so it's not like it should matter, right? &gt;Make ESFs more like Lightnings in terms of their loadouts. Highly specialised with skill being able to make up for things like AP guns vs infantry, but if you chose the wrong loadout you aren't gonna be nowhere near as effective. If I pull a Skyguard to counter the ESF slapping hornets into my ass with impunity, I become useless against infantry outside of point blank and useless against vehicles unless I can act as support for MBTs or AP Lightnings. &gt;A Lightning costs the same as an ESF, and can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick 2 if you're a good aim and know how to drive one right, else pick one), have to turn and run in about 2-7 seconds depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 10-30+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, 2 of which can keep up. Lightnings are fucking useless. Every MBT will destroy a lightning of equal skill. I wouldn't wish the state of the lightning on my worst enemy. The only thing they're good at is being a skyguard. That's not something nerfing air will fix. Until there's an actual reason to pull lightnings to fight tanks, rather than an equal number of mbts, I'm just going to ignore comparisons to them. &gt; If I pick a loadout for an ESF that is good against ground, it should suck ass against infantry outside of direct hits and it should be useless against other air unless you have support specialised to take out air that you can assist. Like how AP cannons are useless at killing anything that isn't other tanks? I'm a bad tanker, by my own admission, and still kill infantry with my AP lightning. &gt;An MBT costs 100 nanites more than both, can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick one unless you're a good shot with the AP main gun, then you get armour and infantry with an AV loadout), have to turn and run in 10s+ depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 30s+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, all of which can keep up if it needs to stop and repair, and is under fire Tanks are always good against at least infantry, and then likely other tanks. And it's not like ESFs don't have to worry about air, infantry and armor. Literally everything short of knife strikes hurt us, getting nailed by an AP cannon OHKO's us, and infantry can do a lot more damage in any given time frame. &gt;. Oh, and it also needs 2 competent people to be effective at whatever loadout, and ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat As if. I've hopped in plenty of random MBTs and wrecked opponents. When I pull tanks, I always do so solo, and still manage to get kills. I don't know what the skill ceiling for tanks is, but the skill floor is ground level. &gt; ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat How is that different from a tank? In fact, it's even easier on the tankers, because the greater HP pool grants a greater margin of error, and they don't spontaneously explode on touching trees.
Let's face it-- DBG hates the basilisk, because people don't pay DBG to use it.
If you make AA secondaries as difficult to use as ESFs, I have no problem with them being as powerful against air as air is versus tanks. But that's the fundamental tradeoff tank secondaries make-- they're easier to use, so they're less effective. But if you have a legitimate proposal for skill based AA to put on a tank I would be (And I'm not saying this sarcastically) more than happy to hear it and spread the word.
&gt; Being able to out-rep is not immunity, it's meaningful counterplay. ESFs cannot normally kill a 2/2 MBT unless they kill the passengers while they're out repairing. Hornets allow the ESF to focus the tank and get a free kill. Meaningful counterplay? It's among the most infuriating things I've seen in planetside. Imagine if infantry could outrepair your AP cannon shooting at a sunderer. Sure, you can snipe them with AP, but time spent trying to hit small infantry-shaped shaped targets is time spent not dealing damage to your target. And in an ESF, that's far worse than in a tank, because you're visible to everything in two hexes and about to get jumped by a reaver. I recognize that hornets are OP; I've talked to you before about this. But sneakily trying to drive the discussion in a way so as to make hornets totally useless is unethical.
So you're saying the game needs to be balanced around it's best players? In that case, hornets aren't OP anyways, because any good tanker will dodge them. If you can't, you're bad. Same goes for the dalton or tankbuster-- if you get hit, obviously you screwed up somewhere. If you can't hit aircraft with the main gun, you're obviously to much of a bad to complain about them. The fact is, I've spent seven days flying my ESF. I don't know what metric you define as "Good," but I'm better than most other ESF pilots you'll find in the air. Maybe that's still not "good" but believing I should have no say in balance discussions is thoroughly ridiculous. &gt;You're talking about continuing to take damage by walkers "up until render distance" It only takes a single lucky hit to turn of NAR. Again, this is all stuff I've done myself, despite being a noob tanker. And as you said, we should balance around the elites-- which means we need to assume everyone is capable of doing this.
&gt;You do know that 2 Hornets = 1 Dalton, which can be fired either as dumb-fired or guided right? The dumb fire mode is obviously a bug. If you feel it's a problem, campaign to fix it. I've personally never managed to make use of it. &gt;From a vehicle that can deliver its payload in .88 seconds (as demonstrated by that dude 2 weeks ago in his Hornets video). The description isn't clear but 2 hornets = 1 dalton round. Deliver the payload... then either act like a sitting duck while guiding it, or take evasive maneuvers that significantly detract from accuracy. Citing a video as evidence for what hornets normally behave like is like me citing Alaroxr as evidence that sniping aircraft with AP rounds is an easy feat. I'm not going to deny that hornets deal a fairly massive amount of damage in a short time, but their sustained DPS is, in practice, much lower than the dalton, because they have a longer reload cycle, require the ESF pilot to flail around like a dying fish, and getting two slow-moving rockets on target is a fair bit harder than getting a projectile that moves literally twice as fast. Plus, hornets are quite a bit harder to aim, because ESFs unlike daltons, hornets aren't aimed with freelook (Except in a buggy, difficult to make use of way, that is.) I understand that that doesn't preclude hornets from being OP, but it's not as simple as "hornets are like the dalton, but on ESFs." &gt;Now the Walker tickles shit. Buffed, what are you thinking, make it so it scratches instead? You mentioned "aim further down" which means improve declination, and not buff for damage. Is that you're intent? In my personal experience using walkers (that is, mostly gunning a single walker on a deployed sunderer) I manage to get a fair amount of ESF kills. Not liberator kills, admittedly, but they're certainly effective at taking down ESFs, at least proportional to the skill then require. Thus, I suggested the declination buff so that tankers actually had a reason to use it beyond just taking down air-- defense against infantry and additional DPS against other tanks. Like a basilisk, but significantly more effective against aircraft and infantry. Maybe that still wouldn't have balanced the walker. But the fact is, AA will never be balanced if people aren't expected to use it, and every tanker I've talked to flatly refuses to use the walker. Not even for unintelligible reasons-- I understand that they want to primarily be good against other tanks, because that's what they think is fun. I don't want to use flares to counter A2AM, because I want to fight AB tank ESFs. At the same time, though, complaining about aircraft, and then refusing to counter aircraft, is like infantry complaining about getting spawnroom camped, but refusing to pull rocket launchers. Far more forgivable, of course, for the tankers, but still not the ideal scenario. So to sum it up, I want the walker to also help against tanks, so then tankers will actually bother to pull it, so it can be properly balanced against aircraft. &gt; AA is a joke in this game, and from what I've been able to ascertain, AA exists as a deterrent, and not to actually counter anything. I regularly kill ESFs and valkyries when I hop in flak turrets. Liberators are still a problem, but keeping a hex clear of light air certainly sounds like a counter to me. Imagine if rocket launchers didn't kill tanks, but instead teleported them 300 meters away from the person that shot it. Sure, you're not dead, but at the same time, you're pretty much useless at affecting a fight. And the fact is, the only win condition this game has is "capture bases." If you can't be near bases, you're useless, no matter how long you manage to stay alive. And it sounds like that's going to continue even with the ANTs-- from the preliminary resistance figures, it looks like ESFs are going to be pretty useless at taking down VP gens, due ot a combination of low damage output and the inability to be anywhere close to a defended location. &gt;ESFs aren't a problem. The damage output of Hornets in such a short time is a problem. This is my personal opinion, but I think the alpha strike damage is the part that makes the most sense, considering the design of ESFs. Maybe their sustained damage could be tuned to be worse, so ESFs should expect help to deal with armor (for example, I can't kill a sunderer by myself, hornets or not) but a high alpha strike actually allows ESFs to be useful in high-flak areas, without (necessarily) making them OP in smaller fights.
&gt;Buses are different with walkers, they sit behind cover so they don't get seen/shot so their area of effect is limited, if you die to a stationary deployed walker bus you're an idiot, if you die to a moving dual walker bus with the sole intent of mobile AA, then if you die that's fair, but that takes 2 guns and 3 people to be any good. So you're dumb if you get killed, and you're dumb if you act in a way so as to not get killed? Walker busses, yes, even the deployed ones, are a threat to me unless I act to minimize that threat. And acting in a way so as to minimize that threat typically makes me far less effective at actually affecting a base fight, or any of the vehicles surrounding it. &gt;Yes, because completely negating the downside and balancing factor of MBTs is a good idea. I'd love to see 1/1 MBTs rolling around with AP and Halberds completely making ground pointless for everything else. The ground is already pointless for everything else.Can you seriously tell me any group of MBTs is afraid of an equal number of lightnings? Will you make the argument that a 2/2 harasser is easier to use than a 2/2 MBT? &gt;Hornets are impossible to dodge unless the pilot sneezes and takes his crosshairs off the tank, or you have cover to hide under. Hardly. They're impossible to dodge from the really good and really bad pilots, because the bad pilots will stand stock still to take aim (And get nailed by someone's AP cannon) while the really good pilots shouldn't be balanced around specifically anyways, but a merely average pilot like me will often miss a mobile MBT with hornets, because it's hard moving around the ESF to both hit our targets and not paint a glowing target on our backs. &gt;I never said AP was useless vs infantry, I said you have to be good at aiming with it for it to be effective against infantry. Hardly. I'm not good at aiming, and I can still do it. AP rounds move quickly, and cannons are controlled by the mouse. In fact, I have better accuracy with my AP lightning than with the dalton, and the dalton only shoots at vehicles. &gt;An ESF with lolpods and stock nosegun effectively covers everything, it can rape infantry, deal solid damage to armour and engage other air albeit at a slightly reduced effectiveness. There is no ground vehicle that can do the same, at all. Assuming the kind of ESF pilot where rocketpods aren't a burden, for an equivalently skilled tank driver, they can flyswat ESFs, deal solid damage to liberators and galaxies, take down infantry out until a hundred meters, and of course are the kings of ground vehicles. A rocketpod ESF will get outrepaired by an MBT crew (/u/VSDeggy said so, take it up with him if he's wrong), galaxy crew, and sunderer crew. Plus, anything and everything chews through rocketpod ammo incredibly fast. 96 rounds is practically nothing, and during my auraxium I had to constantly go back to airpads and resupply. &gt;and if an MBT runs anything other than AP and an AV top gun they'll be useless against every other tank out there. Which is why I made this thread: in the hopes that running an AA secondary wouldn't be a death sentence. How can you expect to balance AA secondaries if tankers never use them? &gt;and then you have fire supression which will get most of your health back. Just fyi, ESF fire suppression does heal a sizable part of ESF health by proportion, but it's not a whole lot of health in the absolute sense. Back when fire suppression granted healing ribbons, I heard stories about galaxies making 12,000 score/hour just by mashing their fire suppression button over mid sized fights. &gt;Hence why I said competent, I'm guessing you're a decent aim with whatever top gun is available to you. Talk to the guys that run MBTs and have had randoms jump in the top spot, a lot of the time they're pants on head retarded and unless you have voice comms with them it's impossible to communicate and be as effective as if it was manned by one person. An ESF doesn't have that problem, because it only has one person. I'm really not. between my lightning and prowler, I have less than 200 kills tracked on DA, most of which were on hapless infantry. I'd be even less effective if TR weapons weren't specifically made to cater to the braindead. &gt;Because a retard in a Lightning is easy to kill because he'll struggle to aim and point his tank in the right direction. A retard in an MBT won't be able to use the tank to it's full effectiveness, and 2 retards in an MBT will get bitch slapped by other 2/2 MBTs that have a brain. Again, how is that different from ESF? A bad ESF player won't even live long enough to get bitch slapped, they'll just flip over as soon as they spawn from the warpgate, bail in confusion, and have their aircraft blow up. &gt;Hornet missiles are basically two Vanguard AP barrels that fire laser guided shells that travel at half speed, and are mounted to the fastest, most maneuverable and hardest to hit vehicle in the entire game. If you gave any ground vehicle a copy paste of that people, everyone would say it's OP, because it is. It requires no skill to sit above the gun elevation of tanks and fire down on them with laser guided missiles with relative impunity, when you take damage you just pop FS and afterburner to safety. You're right, it doesn't take any skill to do that. It also doesn't take any skill to snipe an ESF doing that with an AP cannon. An ESF that actually does try the "stay in place and nail them with hornets" trick completely negates their own mobility advantage. And on the flipside, you can hardly say it takes no skill to hit with hornets if the ESF doing it is boosting around the place to make sure they don't attract enemy fire. I'd also like to point out that staying out of gun elevation is at least a little harder than you'd think-- Staying directly above the tank doesn't work (at least for newbies) because the ESF kicks you out of hover mode eventually and you drop like a rock (there's a trick to making sure that doesn't happen, but only experienced pilots actually know about it, it costs afterburner fuel, and it's not 100% effective anyways). And if you're not at that high angle, there's a legitimate worry that the tank can incline themselves to get you in their sights. It only takes a single AP round (unless you're a prowler, but I always fly TR so I probably have a different experience than VS and NC.) And the whole "laser guided" angle isn't that impressive, considering that it's still a fixed-forward laser. ESF yaw is *slow* and it still can't be bound to the mouse. There are legitimate problems with the hornet in the current game environment, but I can guarantee that nearly every pilot would prefer a fast, unguided projectile.
To be honest, that's better than what I expected, so I partially withdraw my complaint, but you could have clarified that better.
Fly tomcats. If they have AB tanks and send you ragetells (whether they win or lose) they're skyknights. Avoid them like the plague if you use any other loadout, because they'll tear you a new asshole.
I don't fly tomcats, it's just common knowledge.
We're not actually in disagreement here, you're just misinterpreting my intent because that's hard to get through text.
If the server got moved the midwest, maybe... but I admit I'm biased.
My MLG voicepack is to good to change, but this is really damn cool :)
&gt; I mean comeon. Eh, rasengan was specifically designed to be modular-- it's a large part of what makes it so good. There are probably plenty of attacks that do what rasengan does with less chakra expenditure, but it's easier to modify the rasengan than learn them, which is the point.
It should work splendidly, if all the OPruto fanctiction is indicative.
I made a [relevant post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Planetside/comments/3yumb0/shitpost_the_cynical_guide_for_new_pilots/)
/r/wallstreetbets
Have you cleaned out your fans with compressed air since then? Performance typically reduces as computers age,and that can be one of the main reasons.
Lol, you stalk two month old posts to say "I win." Real mature.
If I want to get audio quality that bad in a DAW, I have to actually work at it.
Haha! I unsubscribed so I could make a ninja re-subscribe to be the 4,000th member! Get on ma lvl.
Well, I guess you'll be sucessful. ^^^That ^^^is, ^^^until ^^^I ^^^implement ^^^my ^^^glorious ^^^plan ^^^to ^^^double ^^^cross ^^^you ^^^at ^^^the ^^^last ^^^second ^^^with ^^^my ^^^alt ^^^account!
So, wanting to get a good education is a less worthy task than maxing out credit cards?
Why is sakura pregnant when sarada's already born? Also, the drawer is seriously underestimating the power of keikaku.
&gt;what don't people understand about this? Maybe they don't understand this, because the people that made those choices were 18 years old, hadn't been required to take an economics class in high school, and had been told their whole lives to follow their dreams, instead of making the fiscally responsible, if ultimately unfulfilling choice? Forebrain development and impulse control aren't settled until people are around 25.
Israel spends a lot of money lobbying use because we prop up their military. AIPAC is one of the biggest lobbies out there. The "jews are in control of everything" conspiracy is ridiculous, but they certainly do have far too mich sway in American politics.
She even has a sense of humor! I would barely need reddit.
Did you just compare inheritance cycle to star wars??!!?!?! RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT RANT Though literally every fan of the series (including me) agrees the movie was absolutely shittastic.
I'm trying to remember which chant the otters used. Wasn't it Euleluia?
Let's say you build endlessly self-replicating nanobots (that also happen to ignore entropy, for reasons), that will take over the world. If you just let them go, you can be pretty confident that you've caused the apocalypse, but that doesn't mean everyone's dead in the first thirty seconds. We've found and are exploiting the munchkinable technology, but it's taking a little while to thoroughly overthrow everything.
jpeg is an innate quality.
Eh, think about it like this. If you're actually immortal, our species isn't going to die out anyways, because you're still alive. And it's not like birth rates have been going up; in countries rich enough for immortality, it would be virtually a non-issue, as people could just postpone children indefinitely.
I'm temped to make a post asking how they feel about /r/Ooer
"Better red than dead." [INSTANT ACTION: 10 SECONDS] [9] [8] ... [1] Around me were metal walls. Below, a metal floor. However, I seemed to be wearing some sort of helmet that projected an augmented reality, allowing me to "see" straight down. Below, a familiar sight greeted me, a translucent dome about a kilometer straight down. "Wait, isn't that..." I choked, as I felt myself rapidly accelerating towards the surface. Shit. Wasn't I supposed to wake up if I fell, or something? Inception had a whole bit around this. I heard thrusters, and felt a massive pressure on my legs as I decelerated, and then came to a stop. The metal walls around me collapsed outwards, and I stepped out of my metal container. From every direction I heard fully automatic fire and saw hundreds of tracer rounds, as if I was in the middle of a particularly unrealistic hollywood war movie. Red and black, blue and yellow, and purple and green soldiers fought in tightly contested hallways under the translucent dome I stood on. *TING* I lost control of my limbs and fell over. *'What? What?'* A videogame death screen appeared, revealing that I had been killed by a friendly infantryman with a sniper rifle. *'Goddamnit.'* Distantly, I heard someone shout "Welcome to planetside, mothefucker." ___ This post may or may not be based on real events :) I might make a part two, but mobile typing is a pain.
The had to switch that for other new-player mechanics though, since retention was so poor. I'm kind of sad about that, but it was for the best.
Don't listen to him. We get the black bars and everything, it's like looking with one eye, but at a control room that has two screens. That's why people close one eye when looking into telescopes-- not because of the two images being distracting, so much, but because if we only use one eye we don't get the black bars.
OPruto is still OPruto. Naruto can be clever, but he's not "smart" and making him like this forces him to be OOC. If you want to write about a canonically smart character making better choices, choose sakura, shikamaru, or even Shino (who's criminally underutilized.)
at least it sounds fantastic.
He's secretly anbu commander. He teaches class with a swarm clone, a,d nobody suspects a thing. Shino- secret badass of the leaf.
I ship kakashi/anko. Partially because it tickles my fancy to believe kakashi's perverted fetish is just fat women (we wouldn't care as much, but imagine how it looks to ninja) but mostly because it pisses off Kakashi/Iruka shippers.
A good old exterminatus on the whole sector. Just to be sure, you know?
I wish my mosquito had a bigger death blast radius, so I could kamikaze it into flak nests.
They don't want you to win. They don't want you to have the No. 1 record in the country. They don't want you get healthy. They don't want you to exercise. And they don't want you to have that view. *SAY MA NAME.*
Why are you using this: ` character as your apostrophe? That's a grave accent, and it's making reddit do weird stuff. try using this: ' instead.
fimfiction does (nearly) everything fanfiction does (can't exclude stuff based on update date, only publish date) but also includes a lot more options. If it was more multi purpose it would be fantastic.
Hardly. Again, the people who made fimfiction are making a general purpose site for non-mlp fanfics, but with the same feature set.
This is the first time I've heard "wigging out" used in any context aside from Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo.
By font options, I meant that the reader can choose their preffered font. (Although I believe the writer sets the default.) FF.net does the same thing, it just have a lot fewer available choices.
Replace bo-bobo with banana. It's functionally identical, but now he calls himself Banana-ba ba-nana.
Nah, anime moves too slowly for me. Naruto doesn't usually have spectacular animation either, so it's not much of a difference from just reading the manga.
You might like "Rock Lee &amp; His Ninja Pals". He gets his own spinoff.
If it had been Hil6ry it would have been a little clever (so the six is an l and an a) but as-is it's just asinine.
You need to press enter twice for a line break, like this one, or space twice at the end of a line to get this effect Here's a formatted copy of your story (you can copy paste it by clicking source.) You probably need to divide your individual paragraphs a bit more as well, as people get easily turned off by blocks of text. ___ It all started one day, not unlike any other day. I was in the /r/Biology section of town. I love it here. I see all of my colleagues posting questions and answers, stories and papers. It is a great community. A community of science, deeply invested in educating and learning. A great metropolis if you will. This day however, it changed. After I had gotten my cup of coffee, I noticed something strange happening in my deeply loved biology section. Someone had been asking kind of strange questions dealing with genetics. Someone had answered the question and sent him on his way to the /r/Genetics part of my beloved metropolis. Once he arrived there his questions became more and more extreme. They lacked ethics, and the answers were, well unfortunately, they were dangerous. In all of the history of the /r/Biology metropolis, we never saw anyone posses a quality of evil. Sure we saw the /r/Science parts of town being used for a destructive nature, /r/Physics had been threatened with an evil trying to use dark matter to destroy the world as we knew it, and /r/Chemistry was used to try to harnest the power of an electron to destroy the world of Reddit, but never our /r/Biology. It was a place of light, learning for the better good of life, you know? However that all changed, not for the better. I was made a secret agent of /r/Biology security, about five years prior to this happening. I was a consultant on the tragedy of the /r/Physics scandal, so I knew what I should be looking for. When I saw the magnitude of the questions being asked in the /r/Biology section of town, I had to follow the ponderer into the /r/Genetics section. I kept my distance, used my training, and monitored the answers. It was tedious work at times, and I thought I could have been loosing it. However every question became more and more threatening, more and more distinct, more and more strange, less and less ethical. I finally answered one of the questions. The question read: If a genetic code could be altered through a transposon, could a transposon be widely spread throughout the world of Reddit, to create a mind altering gene, that would allow for the widespread use of manipulations to gain up votes, on everything and everything I wanted? Well for those of you who are not sure of what a transposon is, it is a piece of DNA that codes for a protein that allows DNA structures to be altered. Thus changing the way genes are encoded. If the right section of DNA is changed, well we could have a catastrophic change in gene expression, resulting in a terrible sickness or death. I answered his question by stating, falsely, I had such a transposon, and that I had been working on this kind of bio-technology for a while. I told him to meet me in the /r/Technology part of town at 3:00 pm sharp. This was my time to finally asses the situation face to face. I arrived at the /r/Technology part of town at approximately 2:30 pm, he arrived at 2:59 pm. He sat down across from me. He asked politely, "What is your name?" Just like that I realized I had been made, I didn't have time to even answer his question, he had clearly been at the /r/Biochemistry section of town before meeting me. He sprayed me with a chemical that induced paraylsis, however he had not realized that every field agent is given an invitro genetic solution to this problem, that reduces the time one is paralyzed from two hours, to only six minuetes. There he was thinking he could not be stopped. He revealed it all to me. His whole plan. He was going to use the mind controlling transposon genes, to create a false persona for himself. He wanted to gain a massive amount of upvotes, therefore he could gain public support for the position he wanted so badly. He was going to use genetic treason to take over the world of Reddit. After he took the five minutes to explain to me his sinister plan, he took another minute to explain to me that I would never catch him for as long I lived. Then he tied me up and threw me in the back of his car. By this time I was no longer paraylized but if he thought I was it would be better. Next thing I know he is whipping through the world of Reddit like crazy. Going into the /r/Politics section, gaining all the information he could, reading and upvoting posts. Planting in his ideas that would eventually have the world of Reddit upvoting them. He then pulled over into a section called /r/SocialInjustice. He then revealed the whole nature of his clearly psycopathic need to be wanted. He untied me, with a false sense of security. That was his only mistake. I took out his legs, and told him he was going to /r/Jail for the rest of his life. Where only the /r/NSFW activites occur. He was not thrilled, but he was in cuffs, but only for a second...
Most noseguns are air mg, but banshee is HMG, which deals more damage to vehicles because of resistance changes. It takes a lot fewer banshee shots than rotary shots to kill a valkyrie, for example.
huh, that's interesting. It might just be a factor of direct bullet damage for the harasser, then.
&gt; What's the point in living forever? maximizing utility over time.
you can't be altruistic if you're dead. You can be happy that you've "added something to the world" right up until your death, but afterwards, from your perspective, it wouldn't matter if the planet was obliterated by a stray black hole.
Huh, it seems like whenever I get nailed by a phoenix I get killed. Maybe it's just that, to get hit by it, I need to have been in a fight long enough to get small arms damage.
We don't talk about the real world here. It's all pay to win bullshit, the RNG always screws you over, and there aren't even any good exploits.
might want to switch it to UDP.
He wants to be the next Danzo, obviously. Then he can look out of rainy windows, pretend he's in a rap video, and pat himself on the back for being a hard man that makes hard decisions.
&gt; Yeah and the whole turning into a nuke from guilt seemed kind of lost on me. It kind of makes sense, though. For a person that had been putting up wards for over a century, it makes sense that what would kill him off would be self-harm. And Paolini had been foreshadowing the magic nuke since the earlier parts of book one.
Sexy. Reminds me of the archer.
Bernei: "Senpai Noticed! B-but, it's not like I like him or anything. Baka."
something something big stick.
this statement is so ridiculously ironic.
TPP: * protects a free and open internet bullshit.
If madagascar doesn't get you, greenland will.
uncle joe doesn't give a fuck.
actually, it looks like I'm wrong for puerto rico (3.55 million, which is a pretty decent number) but the rest of the unincorporated territory is basically just military bases.
DEEEEJAAAAY KHAAALEEED
The same is true for dc, and DC far out populates the virgin islands. I admitted I was wrong for puerto rico, but unless they're incorporated into hawaii or something, it's not really worth it.
Definitely creepy.
well, I figured "devil's abdicate" could be a play on words referring to both devil's advocate and how he left his throne, but I didn't see what satin had to do with it.
No, it's satire, at least for the posters.
/u/TrollaBot GaBeRockKing
To busy teamkilling to organize a protest.
with only one shonen protagonist capable of taking it down.
They're just being genre savvy. What kind of villain actually changes their ways after a stern talking too? He was clearly going to backstab them.
"Cyberattack." It sounds like he wants to hire hackerman.
terrorist magic. OOOOHHHH. Spooky, isn't it?
You can see him getting aroused.
He's basically saying that donald trump's restrictive view of citizenship would also prevent himself from running.
that's some sith shit right there. "I'm going to embrace the mantle of anger."
How will they attack him? "He's a socialist." Well, he is, and is vocal about it. "He's not a god-fearing christian." Yep, he's jewish. Obamacare? He literally wants single player.
Glorious Stutka would like to have a word with you. It sounds like NNNNEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAA
I think you mean, Who gives a shit about civilians anyway? - not Ben Carson
Well, yes, but that's something they've brought down on themselves.
Is anyone else having the stream take a dump, or is it just my local (admittedly crappy) connection?
I'm not just talking about the shootings-- asset forfeiture is a massive abuse of power, and police typically get much more lenient sentencing (among other things).
Nuh uh. On the internet, the men are boys, the women are men, and the children are FBI agents.
I'm honestly hoping each region has very few (30-40) different types of pokemon at any given time, with tropical regions having a few more at any time, but temperate regions having a greater distributions depending on season to reflect real life species distribution. Then each region gets famous for a few particular pokemon- digglets in the midwest, geodudes in the rockies, whatever. So then you can tell where someone's from just based on their team, like in the pokemon games. Though to allow inter-team variability, individual pokemon would have to be more unique than in the games, so that's probably a bust, unfortunately.
K selection versus r selection. It would be a sausagefest even if there were an equal number of guys and girls.
Males want (from a genetic perspective) to sleep with as many women as possible to generate many offspring with the hope that at least a few survive to aldulthood (r selection) while females want, because raising a child is much more energy-instensive for them, to sleep with much fewer, higher quality men, in the hopes that this will raise their children's chance of making it to adulthood. (K-selection) Of course, this is a drastic oversimplification, doesn't prooerly describe any single person, and ignores a fair bit of our evolutionary history (mammals tend to favor k-selection in general, while reptiles, for example, favor r-selection) but it's a decent explanation for a fair part of the general trend. Specifically, our attitudes towards sex are probably more attributable to our specific societies, but those societal norms themselves developed because of genetic and environmental reasons.
He asked for an explanation, what was I supposed to tell him? "Go get yourself learned up?"
Men and women produce different (and different quantities of) hormones, which dramatically affect how they act. [Here's a paper examining sex-specific behaviors based on them.](http://phys.org/news/2012-02-sex-specific-behaviors-hormone-controlled-genes-brain.html) I'm not trying to cast a moral judgement on one gender over another, it's just a biological fact.
now you feel bad for masturbating, doncha?
It was foreshadowed from a pretty early stage, though. [Spoilers](#spoilers "Brom told eragon not to unmake things early in the first book.")
The ending is funny, because it's actually [Star Wars Spoilers](#s "star wars ripping off eragon, since the heroes leave for extended periods of time because they feel they can't adequately lead (eragon the empire, luke the jedi). Well, not really, but it's funny how that ended up.")
PANIC PANIC PANIC SELL STOCKS, INVEST IN ONLY MEMES BUILD BOMB SHELTERS THE END IS NIGH
Well, I think both your points come from a misunderstanding of what, exactly, Eragon's magic system is. At its most basic, magic is a mage willing something to happen, then expending energy exactly equal to the cost it would take to do something the regular way, plus a bit extra based on how efficient a spellcaster they are, and an additional multiplier based on the distance at which the spell is applied. The "Ancient Language" isn't magic, it's *a* magic, cast so that the words in that language can be used to manipulate magic. Casters use it not because it's fundamentally necessary, but because it significantly simplifies and secures spellcasting-- like using Java rather than coding in assembly (well, they usually *think* it's fundamentally necessary, but it's not). So when you say &gt; Oromis that words are not important, intent is what really matters when casting magic. However, this goes at odds with book one. Eragon, when he first heard Brom say fire in the Ancient Language, he thought it was a random curse. With this new knowledge of intent being important, it is impossible for Eragon to have used Brisingr against the Urgal in the first book. As he wasn't thinking fire when he yelled it, thus no fire should have been produced. it's not actually a contradiction-- intent alone *can* cast spells, but it's much more dangerous, and Brom (understandably) doesn't want Eragon fucking around with casting magic by intent alone. As for not understanding the words, the ancient language was enspelled specifically so that everything that heard something uttered in the ancient language could understand it, at least in a general sense. So while eragon didn't know the exact meaning of the words he said, he still understood them on some level. Even in the first book, Brom says something to the effect that even if a mage concentrates on a door as hard as possible, if their spell designates something else as a target, that door is staying untouched. &gt;Characters lie all the time in the Ancient Language. Characters exclusively tell the truth in the ancient language. But sometimes, it's not the truth an observer would think they're telling. Even in the first book, it's well understood that a creative interpretation of the ancient language can have effects not understood by an observer (Brom gives the example that a mage could say water and create a gem). They're still bound to utter some sort of truth, but just look at english, and all the ways people can make weaselley, misleading statements that are nevertheless perfectly true. You mentioned elva, and that's exactly what happens here- eragon's main interpretation was that elva would be shielded from misfortune, what he said was that she would be a shield from misfortune, and while the end result followed what he actually said (compelling her to work for the good of others), his personal interpretation of the statement was stated to have changed how the curse was implemented (although it's a little difficult to discern how, given saphira's gift.) &gt;The introduction of Wards as a concept in book two calls into question a lot of key moments of why they weren't around in book one. Etc. Not really. In book one, the only enemy spellcaster eragon spent any significant amount of time interacting with was durza (discounting the twins), who could have any number of reasons for not being warded in such a way as to allow eragon to kill him. There's also the fact that all magic takes, at least as much (and generally speaking, more) energy than it would have taken to prevent any specific occurrence, so they're really only a plan of last resort. &gt;The magic in Earthsea is used by knowing the true name of in an old language. By knowing the true name gives you power over it, espcially a magician's true name. For example, Ged stops a rampaging dragon in the first book by guessing his True Name. One vital aspect of magic is that it is impossible for humans to lie in the old language, so that magic works by forcing the universe to conform to the words spoken by the magician. So this part isn't directly similar to the eragon magic system, because true names and attendant magic in eragon aren't fundamental to magic, they're tools that a specific civilization found useful to add onto magic. And the "forcing the universe to conform" part is completely dissimilar, because the function of true names isn't to force the universe to conform, but to force magic to conform. &gt;In the Belgariad, a sorcerer concentrates their willpower upon an intention, then utters a command. The word itself is immaterial; but the user must have a clear vision of their object. The uses of the Will and the Word are almost limitless; but can exhaust the user's strength. This is more similar, admittedly, but Eragon's specific implementation differs-- exhausting the user's strength is explicitly defined as reducing the energy available to them biologically in direct proportion to exactly how much energy it would take to do something the regular way. This may not seem like a massive change, but it significantly affects how Eragon magic is used; using your example of making a storm, an equivalent spell for the inheritance cycle would likely destroy an entire civilization of magic users from the sheer energy output a storm has (Something like 10^15 joules, which is more than every single nuclear bomb ever used). Thus, magic users, with the exception of dragonriders being backed up by both stored reserves and their dragons (and even then, only in optimal condition), are heavily limited. In the belgariad, there was nearly an ice age for causing a thunderstorm. In the inheritance cycle, it would have been *flatly impossible.* Inheritance cycle mages, when completely bereft of opposition, make small but effective spells, like modifying someone's neuroreceptors so they don't feel pain, instead of flinging around fireballs (which, when the main character does, he faints immediately and gets called an idiot.) &gt;I think you can see for yourself how these two systems mash-up. It is not creative at all. Even the phrase and its effect, Be Not, are lifted directly from the Belgariad. Unless "Be not" causes nuclear fission, and its threat to you isn't magic backlash so much as shitloads of radioactivity and a fizzle, Be Not sounds pretty different across each system. Brom doesn't tell Eragon not to "Be Not" something because it's somehow taboo to unmake something, Brom tells Eragon not to use it because (given that Eragon magic effectively needs to be close range because of energy requirements) standing near a nuclear fireball's epicenter is incredibly dumb. sure, the fact that people use it to commit suicide is similar, but it's a pretty obvious phrase to use. There's also a massive difference in how life extension/raising the dead is treated in Eragon. Namely, that trying to do either is futile, as a simple consequence of the fact that entropy is a bitch, and trying to look back in time to see even a hazy scene, much less a complete reconstruction of a brain state, will kill entire circles of mages. &gt;What is MAD exactly? Mutually Assured Destruction. It's actually my single favorite element of Paolini's magic system. Magic can't solve everything because (energy constraints aside) magic *can* solve everything, but if you try to do so, an enemy mage will probably assume you're trying to kill them and, in the short period between casting a spell and having that spell actually work, will cast their nastiest suicide spell to take you out, wards be damned, because they spent as much time and energy as necessary inventing something creative enough to probably bypass them. Sure, there's chance that either your wards *will* block their spell or the enemy mage will decide you're not targeting them, but knowing that an enemy mage has precommitted to murdering anyone who tries to spellcast will mean you're a lot less likely to cast spells. Thus, mages are prevented from making every other conflict obsolete not by some arbitrary restriction on the magic system, but an organic development taking into account the fact that humans are spiteful assholes.
&gt;The thing to take away from Earthsea magic system is that Paolini copied true names in order to gain control of a person/object (AKA that true name is and that you cannot lie in said language. It is too similar to not be copied. Stating that since it is not exactly the same, therefore, they weren't copied is stupid. &gt;Stating that since it is not exactly the same, therefore, they weren't copied is stupid. Or maybe it's just an obvious idea, so he could have come up with it independently? Magic across history has used words for spells, and names have been said to have power for ages. &gt;The phrase Be Not was never mentioned in the Inheritance Cycle books unti the last book, and not until Galbatorix used it. It is never explained why things go radioactive. No, human beings cannot under go a nuclear fission reaction. Again, changing one small thing doesn't mean that it wasn't copied. In both series, if a magic user says this word, a large explosion follows. What do you even mean? Brom told eragon not to unmake things in the very first book. "Be not" is an incredibly easy phrase to think up. &gt; No, human beings cannot under go a nuclear fission reaction. What part of "fizzle" do you not understand? We have evidence that the spell creates radiation (vroengard) we have evidence that magic can manipulate atoms (elduarni figures out how they work) and it causes energy through unmaking things. It's not going to be a particularly efficient destructive spell (thus a fizzle instead of a true nuke) but it's going to have at least as much energy as the caster's entire health pool, plus whatever it gets from smashing atoms and turning them into energy. It's pretty clearly an incomplete fission reaction from the description of the effects of the spell. &gt;Again, changing one small thing doesn't mean that it wasn't copied. In both series, if a magic user says this word, a large explosion follows. That's like claiming that because there are fireball spells in DnD and in Harry Potter, one copied the other. These are two completely different spells, that happen to share the same (obvious) name. One works through mystical magic and an inherent morality to reality, while the other works by converting matter to energy. &gt;I never talked about this, so why did you bring it up when it isn't relevent to anything in this conversation? It should be self evident-- it's an example of how IC magic differs from Belgariad magic. And it's a pretty big difference, considering. &gt;Yeah it is."Sound has no control over magic. Saying a word or phrase in this language is not what's important, it's thinking them in this language."That is what Oromis says to Eragon in Eldest. What he is saying is that you have to mean for the affect to take place.Why is it, then, that Eragon's slight misunderstanding of the language when he was more inexperienced caused him to curse instead of bless a child? He used "shield" instead of "shielded" in a spell to protect a child, and as a result the girl ended up being a shield from harm instead of being shielded from harm. Is this consistent with the suggestion that it is the thoughts that matter? Surely Eragon did not mean to curse this child; he was horrified by it when he found out what he'd done. So how is it that intent is what's important, yet add the equivalent of "ed" to the end of what he said but not what he meant warped the kid's life?How Eragon could have surprised himself in the first book by "accidentally" causing fire with magic by uttering the word "brisingr." If anything, he was hollering a panicked curse word; however, if magic really depends on meaning "fire," he shouldn't have been surprised when he created it with magic. You can't have both ways. You absolutely can have it both ways. Sound has no control over magic. But magic spells can affect other magic spells, and the entire ancient language is a magic spells devoted to affecting magic. Sound, by itself, doesn't affect magic. But the spell cast by the grey folk recognizes certain arrangements of sounds and bounds the behavior of magic by doing so. And I've addressed the "accidental" casting-- everything innately understands the ancient language to some degree. Brom shows this off by calling down a bird just by telling it he won't hurt it, and birds certainly don't understand even regular speech. Eragon had some understanding of what he was saying, even only on a subconscious level. &gt;Paolini never states a reason as to why a person cannot lie in the ancient language. That is a problem in of itself since it becomes rather contradictory to its own rules. He should have decided whether the language is forced to only describe what exists, or whether the language shapes existence. You can't have both. It seems like forcing someone to change sides on a battle or do something they'd otherwise never want to do constitutes using the ancient language to make things so that were not so before. Saying you can't speak things in the ancient language unless they are true doesn't really make sense. Not to mention that it's said many times that if you believe what you're saying is true, you can say it in the ancient language even if it is not true. For instance, Murtagh is able to say that Eragon's father is Morzan while speaking in the ancient language, because he believes it is true even though it is not, yet it doesn't make his parentage change. Arya can promise her mother before a battle that she isn't gonna die by saying so in the ancient language, yet it is not a spell protecting her from death. Eragon says his fictitious poem outloud in Eldest in the ancient language, yet he isn't crazy. Paolini does address this-- the Grey Folk spelled the ancient language to behave a certain way, and so it does. The grey folk didn't want people lying in the ancient language, and so they can't. Of course, a truth verifier would take literally infinite amounts of computational power, so instead, the ancient language just checks to see if the person believes they aren't lying. You can recite poetry in the ancient language, because it's not an act of deception, and you know it. Arya can reassure her mom in the ancient language, because in that moment, she can think of an alternate interpretation of her words that isn't a lie. Murtagh can claim Morzan is Eragon's dad, because as far as he's concerned, it's true. And again, the language doesn't shape existence, it shapes magic, which then shapes existence. It's only an intermediary step, which is completely different from the other systems you've stated.
Not sure if planetside 2 or battlefield. Probably battlefield, considering the ps2 version of the maneuver requires a barrel roll.
5 full years of planetmans is still a pretty decent lifespan.
I'm really hoping this doesn't end up causing massive, game breaking bugs, because it seems almost too good to be true.
If you want a fanfic written or organized, you pretty much have to do it yourself.
my interpretation was that you wanted the community doing the work.
I'll just assume it's launched out of a shotgun.
God that jpeg.
Predicate on ESFs being actually able to take down libs, it makes sense. As-is, lib effectiveness is multiplied by the fact that it's very, very difficult for an individual pilot to take down an experienced lib crew with a dalton and walker. That gives libs a much longer effective loiter time.
And then they just land and outrepair you. There's no way to win.
Who cares? If the ESF has literally 100% accuracy, it still doesn't matter. The lib crew will just land, repair, and laugh as the ESF wastes its ammo. &gt;A random ESF cannot just come and press a button that instantly destroys any Liberator that enters its engagement range, yes. While on a flipside, the liberator can do the same thing to an ESF. The dalton's not easy to hit, admittedly, but it's not like an ESF will outrepair it.
&gt;It's not about having 100% accuracy. If you catch a Liberator mid-flight with 50% health, he's most likely fucked. If you catch a Liberator fighting anything in the air, he's mostly likely fucked. The airgame is about awareness and controlling your engagements. But the exact same thing is true for ESFs, but ESfs don't also have the luxury of outrepairing even a liberator walker. &gt;Besides, I've personally killed a couple of Liberator crew who thought landing and getting out was a good idea with the nosegun, so it's not that difficult. I've personally killed ESFs with the dalton, so it's not that difficult. (And I have a total of ~50-60 hours in a lib, most of that either piloting or shreddering.) Hovering around a lib outrepairing you is one of the dumbest things an ESF can do. Maybe you can shoot down their crew, but it's going to take forever, leave you open to enemy air, and likely still end up with you getting nailed by the liberator because at that close a range it's possible to hit you even with a bulldog. &gt;And no, the Liberator cannot "do the same the thing", because it lacks both the agility and the speed of the ESF. If you get Dalton'd out of nowhere, then both the pilot and the gunner severely outplayed you, and that's fine. How is it fair that a liberator gets to immediately kill an unaware ESF, but ESFs can't do the same? I can empty three or four rotary clips into an unaware liberator, and still lose because they just set themselves themselves, down, out repair me, and run off until either they're back at WG or I get nailed by enemy flak or air. &gt;And no, the Liberator cannot "do the same the thing", because it lacks both the agility and the speed of the ESF. If you get Dalton'd out of nowhere, then both the pilot and the gunner severely outplayed you, and that's fine. Liberators have no faction specific sound. If I just hear a liberator, that doesn't give me a whole lot of information. I can pick out a reaver firing its nosegun out until render range. But even with the sound increase, a liberator can get within 100m of me before I can positively ID it. And it doesn't matter if libs don't have the agility of an ESF, because walkers are insanely easy to hit with-- sure, any ESF can outrun a liberator, but no ESF can outrun a walker, at least not without taking a fair chunk of damage.. I honestly don't care about the dalton OHKOing an ESF. That's not a problem. But the fact that liberators have so much health compared to ESF noseguns just makes it far too easy for liberator crews to completely negate the effectiveness of enemy air. At the very least, walker speed needs to be brought back to 750 m/s on aircraft so it isn't completely trivial to hit air with it.
Like that would help, they can just dalton you to death. Super simple.
if you're close enough to nail infantry, you're still going to be pretty close by the time the lib crew gets in and gets just far enough up to point it at you.
&gt;It seems to me you're complaining about a weapon that has the velocity of the walker and the damage of the dalton. What? Nothing in the game outrepairs dalton shots. Most heavy vehicles can outrepair a nosegun with two engineers. &gt;What if ESFs became even better at finishing Liberators? There's already no point pulling one if you got two people who can fly. Two ESFs do a better job for basically every task. Ease of use. Two experienced pilots will be better than an experienced liberator crew, but an inexperienced crew will be better than two inexperienced pilots. It's also considerably easy to keep a liberator crew together for obvious reasons. I get moderate amounts of sucess flying for randoms, or just loading up in liberators I found in a warpate. But even if I pulled their ESF for them (and thus giving them a near-fully certed G2A loadout), the overwhelming majority of players would be entirely useless as wingmen. I'm also of the opinion that ESFs should be more focused on killing air, while libs are buffed against ground and nerfed against them, so there's that.
If you're shooting at infantry from render, you're going to be pretty innacurate, unless they stand still like idiots (hint: they usually don't). And that's assuming you're using the accuracy nosegun, rather than the rotary or high capacity.
I can see you killing regular infantry, sure, but infantry strafing around a liberator to make sure they're out of your way? Nope.
Possible? Yes. Likely to happen? Not so much. I'm not saying taking out a liberator with a AA ESF is impossible, it's just disproportionately difficult compared to the amount of available targets such an ESF has.
That's my whole point, though. You said it yourself: &gt;It takes a lot of time and it isn't particularly fun to do Nor, for that matter, is it particularly profitable, compared to killing two ESFs in that timeframe. I just don't bother engaging liberators for that reason, and that's just as good as invulnerability for them, at least when it comes to me. And regardless, the rotary doesn't have anywhere near enough ammo to spend much time attacking a single target anyways.
Generally speaking, two ESFs will kill a lib, because every time a lib tries to kill one of them, that ESF can pull evasive maneuvers while the other ESF cas still lay down fire, and the lib can't outrepair them, but for a single ESF, a lib crew can totally negate their damage. No real change needs to happen for 2+ ESFs, but on the single-ESF level all fighting an experienced lib crew does is deplete your ammo. Oneclipping would be rather excessive, though. Ideally, we'd see a nerf of ESF AV against heavy air, and a moderate resistance nerf against ESF noseguns, to the point where three engineers won't outrepair an ESF shooting at them.
I can tell you tough shit because only one of our positions would be a net gain for 95% of Americans, and it's not yours. I'm arguing from a utilitarian standpoint; my position is inherently populist and, guess what, we live in a populist state. If you want to live an autocracy, you obviously have the funds to move, but I'd rather see your tax revenue gone than have America turned into another Russia from income inequality. And the idea that campaign contributions somehow count as free speech is ridiculous. Your speech isn't somehow more important than anyone else's, just because you happen to be rich.
&gt;So you have now stated that its OK to suppress free speech when it benefits more Americans. I can now directly call you UN-American. How am I suppressing free speech? Rich people would have exactly as much speech as anyone else, plus extra because financial security allows more time for activism. And I don't care about you calling me un-american because that's such an incredibly nebulous term it's worthless. The content of your speech isn't restricted, merely the mechanics of how you present it. That's exactly in line with the supreme court position on protests. &gt;And while you are supporting a far left wing populist position, we by no means live in a populist state. You could argue with Bernie and Trump both pulling in similar numbers of support and many in the middle that support neither, your (Bernie's) positions are not even that popular. Both trump *and* bernie want special interests out of politics. Different views on taxes aside, I'm pretty confident the populist view is that campaign contributions should be capped. &gt;But lets take a look at the kind of populist message Bernie is putting out there. That big business and our current government are bad. Now lets look at how that message has been used in the past. Conspiracist scapegoating employed by various populist movements have created seedbeds for fascism. National socialist populism interacted with and facilitated fascism in 1930's Germany. In that case, distressed middle–class populists during the pre-Nazi Weimar period mobilized their anger at government and big business. The Nazis parasitized the forms and themes of the populists and moved their constituencies far to the right through ideological appeals involving demagoguery, scapegoating, and conspiracism. Much like Sanders is doing now. Sanders is using this kind of rhetoric because it's effective, not because he wants to string bankers up on lamp posts. I could make the same kinds of comparisons with regards to the republican position on immigration-- that politicians are demonizing an out-group to hold the populace under their sway, easily controllable. But making these comparisons is insulting to both of us. I know politicians want immigration reform because of their legitimate concerns about the economic effects and potential dangers posed by migrants, and you know that sander's desire for tax raises is an honest desire to increase the size of the middle class by lifting people out of poverty, not a thinly-vieled communist revolution. And at the same time, you know that his policies *would* be effective at doing that, while I know that a wall across the mexican/US border would probably significantly decrease illegal immigration. But because sanders would personally affect your pet issue (here, your own wealth) you're throwing around baseless comparisons to the nazis and communists (godwin's law, much?) &gt;The same thing happened during the French Revolution, the Chinese revolution, the Cuban revolution and when Russia was taken over by the Bolshevik socialists. Those "populists movements" like that of Nazi Germany, ended up with dictators in power, freedom vanquished, and millions dead. And all these populist revolutions happened because of political instability caused by, guess what, inequal distribution of wealth. Sanders has a long record of being honest and a publicly available tax plan. He might be here for a political revolution, but he doesn't want an actual revolution.
My ideal scenario for the valkyrie would be removing redeploying except to warpgate completely, then making it and the flash 50 nanites each, so they're basically worthless transports.
I prefer to think of it as "traitors gonna traitor". Loyalty before death!
I got into an impromptu mosquito zerg earlier today on emerald, but for some reason the commander though that sending all 12 mossies to attack a single base at once was a good idea, when they weren't even specifically targeting sunderers. I eventually got kicked out, needless to say.
IIRC, air collisions *are* clientside. It. Just so happens that both player's clients are checking for collisions, so if either person sees a crash, you're dead.
Eh, not so much for planetside. Even at lightspeed, it's going to take at least ~10ms for your packet to travel to someone else's computer, and that's without taking account all the intermediary hops. Even for games like BF3, 40ms to a server is pretty good, and then there's what the person on the other side has. Plus, the server has to make a lot more calculations before it can pass on your data because of how big ps2 is. 300ms round trip isn't bad, and I usually get around 112 ms one way from the midwest to emerald.
I haven't heard about this from literally anyone else, mind giving me a source?
That's the point, though-- it's something completely outside of the culture's comprehension.
Look, you're trying to appeal to reddit's sense of fair play here. The least you could do it also admit that other factions have UP weapons too. The OP of this thread isn't trying to change it to a buff tr thread, he's trying to make it into an "buff all UP weapons" thread.
Hmm, it definitely seems plausible, but it's still seems to be mainly due to server load that servers do this, rather than an equalization mechanic, except insofar as it's to equalize people based on server load. It might still be bad in absolute terms, but it's still necessary where each server needs to cater to a large geographical area and calculate as much as each one does.
The bankruptcies weren't failure, they were him intentionally screwing over companies to make cash.
I mean, I can understand people wanting guns for self defense or for hunting, but in this day and age, the idea that they could actually stand up to the government with guns is ridiculous. Completely ignoring military technology, either the NSA has every dirty secret in your browsing history, or it can easily acquire them. All it needs to do is discredit the leaders of any rebel faction. Really, if the government wanted to make a concerted effort to remove guns, they could simply prosecute pirating, and then somewhere else make a bill about felons being unable to hold arms (which no one would vote against, because we have a long history of saying "fuck felons" to the point of completely disenfranchising them.) Supporting democrats is the best way to get restrictions on 2nd amendment rights, but supporting establishment, pro-business politicians (democrat or republican) is the best way to completely eliminate them.
Putting down rebels. I'm arguing against the gun control argument that guns are necessary to defend against the government.
If an armed revolution is happening, the feds have already lost control. What's a few bombed out cities to that?
That's where my earlier post came into play-- if the government really wanted to remove guns, it wouldn't do so by trampling the 2nd amendment. There are much sneakier, more effective ways of doing so.
It's an eldritch horror to them. We understand it, which means it's not as scary to us.
Yep. Ground vehicles don't really matter to base fights, unfortunately, and consumables are really cheap anyways, but aircraft both matter and cost a fair bit of resources. As much as I love having it (although I usually don't; TR never wins alerts on emerald), 50% off aircraft is way too good a benefit. Maybe 100 nanites off aircraft would be a better deal.
I'm not saying it's better, I'm just drawing a comparison, and pointing out that MIDI has it's own strengths, even for reading music. I do understand the specifics of how each work.
The federal gov't is incompetent, but people are dicks. Either side can be a valid choice, depending on your priorities.
yep. More gals, fewer ESFs/Libs to kill them.
The republican base doesn't like his social view, the democrat base doesn't like his economic views. It's pretty understandable, honestly.
Man, fuck all these bases. Thanks based xander; if anything will help indar not be cancer, it'll be this.
That's mainly sample choice there :P if you were working with, say, a maschine or one of the MPC MIDI controllers you'd get the same kind of goodness in their software bundles, but with a much better control surface.
Not when switching roll to keys makes you much less precise overall.
If you're in windowed borderless (or whatever it's called) brightness settings don't work, so brightness goes all the way down. I played like that for a while, and it was spectacularly cool, but I didn't like feeling gimped against everyone else so I switched back to fullscreen.
[TRIGGERED](/intensifies)
Most things are reasonably balanced. A2AM are the only blatantly OP thing in the game. There's a lot of other unbalanced stuff, but I'd rather wait until ANTs before messing with it, because the meta will change so much.
And even the smart kids will stay all four years, so they can take a shitload of AP classes to make college cheaper/easier.
Eh, it's not as impressive when you're in a vehicle, to be honest. And I say that as someone who spends way to much time ranting about air bushido.
Tabs are so much more convenient though :( it's not my fault if some people use outdated IDEs.
Eh. I get annoyed at the 'more lazors" combat style found in late naruto, but the rasengans are pretty justifiable. It was initially designed as a modular jutsu, and it makes sense that someone with as much chakra as naruto would rather develop dozens of versatile, if inefficient, rasengans than spend tons of time training to be efficient at more complex nature transformations.
If dakka doesn't solve your problem, your real problem is not enough dakka.
You just know they didn't include it in the screenshot just to spite us.
Huh, I get the opposite impression of hornets-- that compared to rocketpods, they're rather UP. They rarely need to reload, which is fantastic, but I'm too skittish to stay in a fight and really nail tanks with them, so I've had lolpods auraxed for a while while I'm less than halfway through hornets, despite the fact that I bought hornets first.
I disagree with that. Not with the "need to be balanced" part (as opposed to a sledgehammer nerf) but the "valuable role" part. I got tomcats extremely early in my flying career, and got my first ESF kill with their help. But as the rankest of airnoobs, I dropped them pretty quickly, because staying on target was a pain, so they didn't help me get kills as someone really bad, and they weren't even helping me get into the "only mostly bad" tier of piloting. In contrast, using the banshee taught me so much about proper flying it was ridiculous-- when to stay in a fight, how to dodge ground locks, how to aim precisely, how to lead targets, how to annoy ground with a nosegun, etc. As such, I'd posit that tomcats really don't have a valuable role in the airgame-- a new player is much better served by picking up an A2G weapon than them, because they'll be much more motivated to keep flying, and learn a lot more. And for mid-tier players, while they theoretically help them kill elite pilots, that's only assuming those pilots don't have tomcats of their own (which they usually don't, but mostly only for e-bushido purposes, rather than pragmatism). Elite pilots, of course, don't need any help to destroy less experienced pilots. So any balancing of tomcats would need to *give* them a role not served by another tactic available to ESFs.
Normally I'd argue against this... but then again, it would be ridiculously easy to harvest all you sitting duck mouse-yaw pilots, so I'm tentatively in favor.
Banshee needs a buff, Scythe needs a nerf. MBTs needs a buff against infantry AV, and buffed HEAT. Hornets are OP, but only against infantry, and not MBTs. Rocketpods/Rotary need more reserve ammo. And I'm not sure whether this counts as unpopular, but vehicle abilities/slots/cert-lines need to have their lower levels buffed across the board, even if their final levels stay the same, so newer players are at less of a disadvantage. Sundy Garages improved infantry play, but only at the cost of killing the vehicle game.
tomcats. ranger.
It would take development time, and the opportunity cost there is that that time could be spent polishing the ANT or fixing bugs. But I did say I've decided to support this. More pilots can only be a good thing, when those pilots will be so easy to kill.
&gt;ehh, Not sure I agree about hornets not being OP against tanks. They already had rocketpods.. Hornets are completely broken outside of any large fight with enough AA.. (Just like the lib, where either the fight is too big for them to even go near... or the fight is small, and they just completely dominate everything.) That's why this is in the controversial opinions thread ;) In all seriousness. I think hornets *are* OP versus tanks, but not because of hornets, specifically. I think that tanks are too weak against infantry, and need to be buffed to the point where infantry aren't as viable a way to take them down. In such a scenario, then, they'd still need an effective counter, and I think hornets, as they are now, should be one of those counters. If tanks *don't* get buffed against infantry hornets don't deserve to be as good against tanks as they are, and I'd suggest a change from 2000 damage per shot to 1800 damage (like launch hornets) so they take an additional volley to kill, which is ~4 more seconds of leeway against pilots, enough time for repairing an MBT to potentially bright that up to at least ~6 volleys to kill with perfect accuracy, which is quite a long time for an ESF to be in-area. &gt;Which vehicle cert lines are you talking about? they did a pass on them to make them balanced-er-more at low levels (eg; the vanguard shield now absorbs X amount at ALL levels.. and only the recharge is lower per level. I don't play enough ground vehicles to give specifics on them, but ESFs need the lower levels of FS buffed (the disparity is 6% to 25%), all levels of stealth to have coyote negation instead of just max rank, flare lower-level recharge times buffed (the disparity is 40 seconds to 25 seconds) and scout radar range extend at lower levels (the disparity is 50m to 200m). Liberators need the afterburner to have recharge times buffed at lower levels and FS buffed at lower levels. &gt;Sundy garages didnt kill the vehicle game.... because there is only 1, and there is at least 40degrees of angle to shoot at it if you can find the right spots (hossin sucks, do not use hossin as an example.. HOSSIN killed tank game play on Hossin, not sundy garages..) They're not so bad for tankers (still pretty bad, just not the worst thing I've seen) but they completely prevent air from attacking the sunderer. That both ostracizes air and forces air to farm infantry if they want to affect a base fight, which is just unfun for everyone. (Or at least for the infantry; I can't speak for all pilots.)
PS2 hasn't exactly had the best history with flight changes, and I tend to assume the worst for changes that aren't just changes to a database. I'll defer to your judgment, but I still don't understand this: &gt;One other viewpoint your side consistently misses. It is not that we WANT to use mouse to yaw the aircraft. It is primarily, that we want to disable banking with the mouse... now think about that. What's the advantage? As someone who's spent far to much time in ESFs, I'm just not seeing it. It might be marginally easier to control, at the cost of nearly everything else (speed of manuevering, ability to dodge, quick, precise movements, etc.) If it's just a matter of getting from point a to point b, it takes less than an hour in VR training to figure that out even with the current controls.
I'd argue that AI noseguns actually deserve to defeat even flak maxes, as they're more difficult to use and can't hide in spawn rooms. Though, yes, the banshee needs a slight splash radius increase and the AH probably needs a slight-to-moderate direct damage decrease.
I don't get it; If infantry with AA weapons deserve to kill aircraft, why shouldn't aircraft with AI weapons deserve to kill infantry? In a battle of people with symmetric killing potential, the person with the most skill deserves to win. And if you'd like to make the argument that maxes are vehicles, why can they hide in spawnrooms? Your argument would make more sense if you included something about ESF secondaries, but even then, MAX suits can easily switch loadouts.
Heck, before the banshee nerf, it was even worse at killing air than it is now, because they actually gave it more shots per magazine.
Here's one that hasn't been said-- don't try flying ESFs until you've already played enough to start certing them. I started from a really early BR, and my Score Per Hour has probably tanked incredibly bad from that, which gets frustrating. ESFs are crazy fun, but their skill floor is inane even without having to cert their slots.
But now it's 650 certs, and my NC alt is only BR22 so I have way too much stuff I need to cert... Honestly, I might just delete it so I have a chance to at least check out koltyr (I'm bad at infantry and wouldn't fly, so it wouldn't be smurfing, exactly) and get that 2000 cert goodness.
That's not the point I'm trying to make. Immigration reform? Not racist. His infamous "...they're rapists and some, I assume are good people..." quote is definitely, if not necessarily racist, designed to cater to the racists of the republican party.
Seriously? That's your argument? Well, from experience I know I'm not going to convince you to drop your hate-on for ESFs, so I'm just going to tick the "disable inbox replies" for this comment.
*I'm not saying he's a racist.* I'm saying that his statements are phrased in such a way to appeal to racists. Please, if you're going to disagree with me, read what I wrote.
It's bad, but I'm pretty sure our politicians don't literally rape children, at least.
&gt;what is the color that you get when you mix red and blue (hint: begins with p) Even more proof that americans are stupid-- yellow starts with a y, not a p, duh.
Above humans, below british politicians.
On one hand, this is a terrible, terrible idea. On the other hand, we might actually see tomcats nerfed.
That's my point-- I think it wouldn't be broken if the lib were less tanky, because then dropping down close enough to use it would actually pose a real risk.
&gt;I don't know what you mean by "with your calculation" I just assumed you took damage, mag size, and resistances, and calculated what damage per mag looked like. Which is more or less what the spreadsheet did. &gt;but no self-respecting Lib should ever have Fire Supp :P True, but it's not like having AB tanks makes libs easier to hit. And when it comes to shooting at libs, staying at close range is really, really dumb. Rotary damage per shot is going to look more like 143 than 200, most of the time.
&gt;These are all assuming maxed Magazine Size as well I admit, that's a reasonable assumption. I don't run with max mags (too cheap for the last upgrade now that my rotary is already auraxed) but I doubt three rounds make a difference. So it does look like you're more or less right, but you have to admit that it's still going to take a lot of time and a lot of ammo for an ESF to take down a liberator under realistic conditions.
Videos don't play if I have something else hogging my audio drivers. ASIO is great for low latency, but it's single-application.
You forgot to include "global thermonuclear holocaust" between cancer and A2A Missiles
While I'd hesitate to call them "economically invincible" going to a reasonably priced state college, and working, say, 10 hours/week is a pretty good deal for most majors. Not for majors like english or art history, but the majority of the people I talk to are in agriculture, or materials engineering, or chemistry, or some other major where they can reasonably expect a fair wage. It might just be my particular school or my particular in-group, but STEM fields seem to be pretty well represented. In contrast, the kinds of jobs you go to a trade school for are the kinds more likely to get automated in the future.
That's definitely true. I was taking umbrage at OP calling college a "scam." Trade school is a viable alternative, like you said, they just happen to come with their own set of problems.
Ninja Maury.
Devs say there's no consensus on tomcats, but that's only because we can't agree on exactly how badly we want them nerfed (into the ground vs. into the lithosphere, for example). Godspeed.
That's not the point. His original statement was 850m from the sea level, which tends to be a lot less. That's enough for ground to interfere, without being in a position where enough lightnings will completely block ESFs from actually completing their objective.
If I get to choose the conditions of the nicklebacj listening, I can just set it to a low volume and play it while I'm asleep. No meaningful change to my behavior. Better yet, if I record nickleback just doing something quiet (like scratching his face and breathing) from a long distance away, I can still listen to him without dealing with repetitive music.
To be perfectly honest, even as a pilot I don't really care; if you nail me with a rocket, you deserve the kill, even if (very rarely) I can pop FS and survive. But I believe the intention here is to differentiate the stock dumbfires from the decimator.
prowler AP doesn't really deserve the OHKO, and I say that as TR. If it did, it would be a serious balance problem, as prowlers racked up way more air kills than the other faction with much higher RPM and speed.
It used to be 30-40 on custom high settings with 75% render and 1400x900, but now I get smooth sixty at custom ultra. More FPS has been nice, but really, what's bumped up my K/D has been getting better at compensating for recoil and farming the everloving shit out of ground with the banshee and hellfires.
Yep, that's my goal. Or at least it will be, once I finish auraxing either the needler or hornets to get that tasty ESF lumifibre. Then I can fly with pink camo, the MLG decal, and lumifibre, and be the most obnoxiously visible thing in the sky.
But.. But... Des Moines. We're relevant, I swear!
I don't know where you live, but here in Iowa I see shitloads of wind turbines.
Wind energy makes up 25% of our energy, and that proportion is only expected to rise. The exact specifics of how that energy get to my home are irrelevant.
Thanks for the kind words, it's nice knowing I've played so long people start to recognize my name (I still remember that esamir fight ;) ) Though really, I'm only above average at aircraft, I'm still pants on the ground.
&gt;Wind and solar are both intermittent energy sources. If it's not windy and it's at night then even combined they provide zero power. At night, there's also a lot less power usage. And nuclear power plants need to run all the time anyways, so they'd make up for that. &gt;Then Bernie isn't your candidate, because he wants to shut down nuclear plants as well. During the bernie AMA, he said two* things I disagreed with. That nuclear wasn't the way to go, and that he was OK with defunding NASA (even if he supported it on principle) if that money went to something he'd rather see funded, such as healthcare. I'm not happy about either of those positions, but combined, I actually respect his stance-- he's willing to compromise his less important positions to get to his more important ones. As such, I doubt bernie's position against nuclear is so entrenched that he'd lose political capital going after nuclear power plants rather than just focusing on the more moderate "get america energy independent/switch from oil to renewables" position democrats like to tout. So to sum it up, I think I can have my cake and eat it too-- bernie to incentivize more renewables, and then some president down the line to switch to nuclear because, honestly, it's the obvious choice from a simple cost-benefit analysis. And anyways, who would I switch to? Hillary, who doesn't support a carbon tax? O'Malley, who has virtually no chance in this election? The republican field, of whom I only respect Rand Paul (and even he denies climate change)? *(I also disagree on his position on abortion, but literally no one in government has the same position I do anyways.)
All the people posting in response to you, hoping for a karma train, are getting downvoted. I kind of wonder why, honestly.
I started at like 0.05; ps2 was my first PC fps.
Eh, I have two low-br alts that I'll eventually switch to, and I can just show those off for leet-cred.
&gt;How do you know those aren't accurate translations? Maybe the underlying work reads like bad fanfiction or extremely dry, academic work. I'm not saying they're *innacurate,* I'm saying that by rigidly sticking to the source material, fan translators sacrifice good writing on the altar of accuracy. It's like the subbed versus dubbed debate, but I'm on the end that's opposite from my regular stance. Japanese writing, for example, has a habit of telling, not showing, which isn't necessarily bad in any particular case (it's permissible in manga to stop stories from getting bogged down), but it doesn't exactly mesh with western sensibilities. And to clarify, it's not a Japanese thing so much as it is a foreign language thing-- each culture will have it's own trends and writing styles, and reading directly translated work therefore feels awkward. &gt;why are you wasting time reading the translations? well, I can't exactly read the originals...
I disagree with /u/Caristinn 's stance, but it's permissable in this case-- everyone calls him black science guy/dude/man so it's probably not racist.
They're like tubas, but better in every conceivable way. Baritones/Euphoniums represent!
restrict it further than it's already restricted, that is.
MALORN BUFF THE CARV INFOWARS.COM GINYU FORCE RULES NC RETREAT PRAISE MALORN I miss mattherson yell chat meta.
Eh, the ANT update mainly needs to focus on being a way for vehicles to affect the meta in ways beyond farming infantry. therefore vehicles being far and away the best way to kill the structures, even if the exact number of shots to kill need to be changes, is the optimal way to do things. Nothing about the construction system should be primarily related to how infantry perform.
Too busy enjoying post scarcity and near-perfect VR to care.
They know their target demographics.
It was my original understanding that DBG was first creating the ANT/construction system, then adding the VP gens somewhat later. But at the same time, I'm seeing the VP gen on test along with everything else. Do you think you'll get the VP gen out at the same time as the rest of the construction system, or am I being a little too eager?
derp, fixing that, thanks.
Yep. In naruto, training is everything.
I'd recommend the AI nosegun if he was on TR or NC, but the PPA is near useless for killing air, and doesn't require much in the way of aim.
Fleeing is the least useful thing you can do as a pilot, however. Unless you're flying on hossin, you're almost certainly going to end up dead if someone gets the jump on you. At least if you try to dodge, your friendlies might intervene and kill the guy.
Martin Starbuck?
I tried to apply just in case, but I think applications were over 5/13.
&gt;strongest fire supp Nope, galaxy fire suppression is quite a bit better. ESF fs heals a larger percentage of health, not a larger amount of HP.
I don't like trump, but this is jus douchebaggery. Someone disagreeing with you doesn't give you leave to be an asshole.
Vote third party, if you want to protest the dnc. If they get 15% of the vote, they get federal campaign funding.
I'm never going to change someone's mind over the internet about this anyways, so what's the harm in being facetious? And his campaign website is extremely sparse on issues (most of which match either clinton or sanders anyways, or he's flip-flopped on recently) so he's not particularly distinct. And I'm not even saying being anti-immigration or pro-gun is wrong, just that they're the only things that really align with DT.
On one hand, I have to deal with tomcats. On the other hand, I think playing ESFs versus lockon heavies and hyena libs would actually be pretty fun, to be honest.
Sure, but I don't know which warning corresponds to which countermeasure.
Thank you very much!
I'd start ranting about attack helicopters, but I already have an avenger so I'm pretty much good to go. BRRT BRRT!
I like to give out dances on top of the ship spawning terminal desk when I can't spawn a ship, so rule34 is already in action.
I think it's japanese.
I've never watched (SoL/drama isn't my thing) it but automatically rate it at least an 8/10 for their excellent taste in brass instruments.
That's true, but I doubt anyone who can beat you in a dogfight would surrender. I also have little faith in the Sucker Punches (which are, after all, only S1), because if you can disable a ship, killing them is trivial, so I doubt the devs want that to be easy.
You don't get karma for selfposts.
No, I mean, OP doesn't get karma for this thread.
But would he yell "I'm ready," or "Dattebayo"?
Kakashi's a genius-- he probably memorized a lot of otherwise-trivial physics facts (like how, exactly, lava bubbles tend to behave) that other people likely wouldn't understand, so when they render them poorly in a genjutsu, he can tell he's not seeing the real world.
Kakashi/iruka is still going strong.
Shut your goddamn mouth, you filthy alien-loving heretic. I bet you're a vanduul fetishist as well as a spandex wearing degenerate. You and all your sick, perverted brethren need to be cleansed by the glorious might of the TERRAN REPUBLIC. (Though to be honest, I'm a pretty big fan of proxy chat for communicating with pubs.)
&gt;There's zero chance of fighter craft being able to prevent a capital ship from jumping out. Severely slow the time it takes to jump out, sure, but it would be so unbalanced if single seaters could interdict capitals like that. They don't need to prevent the capital ship from jumping, they just need to follow it once it does. They can ride its ass all the way to Sol if they need too, the capital ship isn't going to outrun smaller ships. And what do you mean unbalanced? It makes perfect sense that a big ship, unescorted, could be taken out by multiple small ships acting in tandem, while being significantly better than smaller ships against other big ships. &gt;Not to mention that the Idris turrets focusing on a single starfighter only need a few hits to destroy it (dead on one run with good turret gunners) but the fighters might not even be able to puncture its shields without bunching up and hitting the same side. And then... The idris just rolls to show them a new shield. They only need a few hits... but it's unlikely to get those hits, because the single seaters are far more maneuverable than it is. Bigger turrets will be useful against other large, unwieldy targets, but not against small, nimble targets. That's why large ships need escorts-- to protect them against small targets while they go for the big fish. Remember, the idris is *massive*. It's not going to be anything resembling maneuverable. And I'd like to clarify that by "single seaters," I don't exclusively mean fighters-- obviously, gladiators would also be required, although they wouldn't need their turret gunned.
I tend to lonewolf because I'm a big ESF fan. Though being serious, I have heard a lot of stuff beyond just random music.
I had the same question, so thanks for responding to him. Now I know what to do if my willpower slips and I want to blow more money on starcitizen :P
#Summary: Players once trapped in a video game world find a way to connect it to the original world... but since the video game world is a real world in its own right, they get to keep their powers, and people back on earth can figure out how to use them as well. Politics ensue. Log Horizon fans will get the most out of this, but it's written so as to be relatively understandable by people not familiar with the source material. [AO3 version](http://archiveofourown.org/works/6785857/chapters/15969496) #Other Notes: And this concludes the bulk of arc 1. We'll have one chapter of wrap-up, one chapter of setup, the promised "deleted scenes" chapter and then off to arc 2 after a week's break. Chapter 7 was a concerted effort to practice writing better battle scenes, so I'd love feedback on that!
Have it made? No, not necessarily. But at even the 1% level, with wise investments in capital, I think it'll be possible to maintain a high standard of living even after the job market implodes.
&gt;Oh, something to chew on while you prepare for your future generations. The whole point of automation is that future generations won't have to work (or more cynically, won't be able to work). If I can give my heirs an inheritance that guarantees that, I'd count that as a success, not a failure.
The monster tried to intercept the truck, she set up a shield in the truck's direction of movement, and the monster was smooshed in between the truck and shield. It wouldn't have been an instakill on its own, but the monster was already heavily damaged by the other members of minori's team. I admit, though-- I heard some confusion from my beta when he read the part. Could you suggest how to make that clearer?
Police armor is kickass, they look like medieval knights.
It'll be extremely dissapointing if that's true, but they don't significantly buff the tigershriek, though. Not that the avenger lore is particularly accurate-- the avenger is the direct opposite of "fast." Though the 285 m/s speed it used to have was a little excessive...
barriers don't enclose the genius. Man, it's difficult coming up with a proper explanation.
Things I expected: not this.
I'm really enjoying racing in starcitizen. Sure, it's a buggy mess of an alpha probably years from release, but actual newtonian physics are pretty kickass, and so is zooming at over Mach 1 past densely clustered buildings. If you plan to buy it yourself, please use my recruitment code! STAR-6NV9-WDL7 You get some freebies, I get some freebies, everyone's happy.
I geniunely like reincarnation fic, but it's just a subset of my like for portal fics in general, so it gets kind of annoying how they drown out everything else. My theory is that they're extremely easy to justify (built in ROB) and the wish-fulfillment helps people get over the initial worldbuilding hump. Notice how all the early munchkinry and being absurdly competent for a child happens at the same time as most of the boring exposition? I would like to see more "portal between the planets" stuff, though. The MLP fandom had a shitload of it, for whatever reason, but it's pretty rare in the general sense to society-scale instead of just main character-scale interaction.
Speaking for myself, I've gotten kind of inured to dying constantly for bullshit reasons. Planetside 2 tends to do that.
I think it's just the antecedent re- or re-do or re-make, because it's tied to timetravel or peggy sue or reincarnation fics a lot. (See: ERASED's theme song, Re: monster, Re: zero.)
You really should. A *lot* of people live by the coast, and we're going to have a lot of people relocating. That's going to lead to widespread social unrest, which itself would lead to pro-government views as people want the government to maintain order. You can sacrifice a little now, or a lot later. It's your choice.
They kind of do. Hillary lines up with my views better, but she's a shit-tier candidate, as is Trump. Johnson's incredibly self consistent, even if you don't agree with him.
Boom and Zoom versus turnfighting. It's like the difference between US and British WW2 fighter planes.
Pls to halp
But I thought bloodsuckers already controlled the government? (Jk, I know, bad joke is bad.)
Biggist differences (comparing the experience between me and my friend) are the intro ComS courses are java based while intro Software Engineering courses are C based, and that they're in different colleges (ComS is in LAS, SE is in engineering) which makes SE nuch more of a pain in the ass if you're in the honors program.
&gt;Since 2000 the United States has lost 5,000,000 manufacturing jobs, mostly to China, India, and Mexico.(http://money.cnn.com/2016/03/29/news/economy/us-manufacturing-jobs/) Not only is that 5,000,000 jobs worth of money no longer in American pockets, but it also results in the loss of the money gained by the manufactures being brought back to the US, now it's in China, India, or Mexico, that could be anywhere from millions, to billions of dollars no longer in America And that has barely anything to do with environmental regulations. It has to do with the fact that Americans have a higher cost of living and demand higher wages as a result. Have environmental regulations cost the US jobs? Almost certainly. But your 5 million number is overinflated (relative to climate change). Again, I'm not saying that there *isn't* a cost paid for trying to prevent climate change. But the cost of climate change itself will be so much worse. [39% of americans live in coastal areas.](http://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/population.html) That's over a hundred million people. Just imagine the cost of building floodwalls or evacuating those people. Let's pretend trump's estimate for his wall is accurate, at 8 billion (which I doubt, due to how inefficient the government is at infrastructure spending, but that's another discussion.) Eyeballing the mexican border versus the east and west coast, I'd say that, assuming constant returns to scale, such a wall all around the US coasts would cost about 7-8 times as much. Let's say 7. That's 56 billion dollars right there. $11200 per manufacturing job lost. And that's for regular walls. Floodwalls that can be expected to actually hold cost orders of magnitude more. The floodwalls for New Orleans alone cost [over $12 billion](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/11/27/15482726-levees-protect-new-orleans-but-annual-bill-is-crushing?lite). Obviously not every city needs to be protected, and obviously we don't actually need flood walls across the entire united states, but the sheer expense is nothing to scoff at. Baltimore, Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Charleston, Miami. All these cities would need to upgrade their flood defense systems as climate becomes more and more erratic. For the cost of defending against flooding alone, the government could easily pay the salaries of every person who lost a manufacturing job for more than enough time for them to find a new one. &gt; I am not against funding nuclear, solar, wind, or geothermal. I am a free market capitalist. My problem is the government attacking coal and oil like they are evil. When Bernie Sanders says " the greatest threat to national security is global warming, " that upsets me. We need to let the market work the way its supposed to, to develop new technologies that removes pollutants, prevent more from entering the atmosphere. Have you ever heard of the tragedy of the commons? Or failing that, the prisoner's dilemma? When given a public resource that everyone can exploit equally, while the best overall option would be for everyone to to meter their use out, the actual end result is that everyone overexploits that resource, because anyone *not* doing so gets kicked out of the market. That's an example of market failure. The free market isn't perfect. It's certainly *good,* in the sense that any human actor trying to do the same thing would fall short, but there are certain places were the government needs to step in. For example, just because there's a market for assassination doesn't mean people should be allowed to buy assassins. Companies that pollute the environment, whether by dumping chemicals into water sources, chloroflourocarbons into the atmosphere (the stuff that was depleting the ozone layer), or generating excessive amounts of CO2 cause damage to other people. That's a negative externality. The actual costs of their actions are larger than the costs paid by them for their actions, which prevents the market from reaching a true equilibrium. Letting them do as they please is effectively equal to the government giving them a subsidy for no reason. If nothing else, for the market to work as it needs to, CO2 absolutely needs to be taxed. The market isn't free without that. And on the flipside, stuff like research into wind, nuclear, and solar are positive externalities-- the benefits they have outweigh the price they fetch. *Not* subsidising them is equivalent to the government unfairly taxing them. Not to mention, due to the fact that energy companies are natural monopolies, the free market can't really be allowed to act on them, or the outcome for customers will be sub-par. &gt;the greatest threat to national security is global warming I also need to address this separately. Bernie didn't say that because paying lots of money to solve global warming is a threat to national security. He said that because, historically speaking, wars tend to be caused by famines. ISIS exists because of crop failure. From [2007 to 2010](http://www.irinnews.org/report/89642/syria-drought-over-crops-still-failing) the middle east was hit hard by a drought, and crop failure still happened after that. People get angry about religion, but they get downright desperate when their children are starving. Climate change is dangerous because places where it's good to farm will likely become less-good to farm, even if other places become better. Sure, people will adapt eventually, but in the interim people already like to live in farmable places, and as those places yield less and less, the global situation won't be pretty. You can say that Russia or China are bigger threats, but for someone that primarily fears the threat posed by non-state actors, global warming is a bigger issue. &gt;Im not sure what you really mean by this. The fact that they are unemployed doesn't mean the manufacturing will go away, all it means is that they have robots polluting the environment instead of people, that doesnt change anything. I'm saying that basically every manufacturing job is going to be lost anyways-- not stopping climate change only prolongs the inevitable. On top of that, China/India's gains in that sector are irrelevant because manufacturing is going to move straight back to whomever has the best robotics anyways. And to address your second point, even assuming robots pollute as much as people, the cost of transport is bound to go way down. Think of those shitty plastic toys china is notorious for making. There will still be a demand for something similar, but instead of having to mass produce massive batches of them and ship them halfway across the world in container ships using incredibly crude, polluting bunker fuel, a 3d printer can make one to order ten minutes away downtown. The marginal cost would go up, but when you get something customised just for you and don't need to ship it from a workshop in asia, people would easily make the switch. &gt;miscategorize Trump's immigration policies Well, yeah, that was my point-- that blatantly miscategorizing something because I don't like to consider it ends discussion. &gt;I have never once disputed global warming, or man's affect on it. I believe it to be heavily influenced by man. Then why bring china into the equation? If it's a problem that needs fixing, then we do our part to fix it, not refuse to do anything just because it makes us less competitive against China. And China is [the world's top renewable investor.](http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2014/04/renewable-energy-spending-bnef) They *are* doing their part, because someone in the oligarchy took a good hard look at the negative effects they'll suffer, and realized they were set to be absolutely boned if they don't get their act together. India's not doing much, but they quite simply don't have the cash to do much-- 2 trillion over a billion plus people isn't much compared to 17.4 trillion over 350 million. Even facing the same problems as china, their ROI &gt;As for him calling it a hoax in 2012, here is an interview from 2 months ago. And now you're seeing a politician pandering to the middle in action. The people who want to hear that climate change is a chinese hoax will hear that. The people who want to see trump as moderate will see that. It's the same as Obama simultaneously playing for the far left by talking about universal healthcare, then going for the center with Obamacare as a compromise. The end result is that he's not going to do anything about climate change-- maybe he won't gut the EPA like some republicans would like to, but he's certainly not going to ramp up nuclear energy research, or provide subsidies for solar panels or carbon fixation initiatives. As for the one point I didn't really address (foreign factories polluting more), I sincerely doubt any presidential candidate would block the TPP. Not even Bernie. Having it in place is absolutely crucial for maintaining US power in the long run. So foreign factories will be making our products regardless, and at least China has compelling reasons for reducing pollution. #TL;DR The free market alone can't properly regulate climate change because of the existence of [negative and positive externalities.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Externality). Manufacturing Jobs lost to China aren't as important as preventing climate change, because the effects will far outweigh the benefits of manufacturing jobs saved. By the way, thank you for being a polite debater.
&gt;barely relevant Log Horizon side characters. Take that back! Henrietta is at least somewhat-relevant.
Yep, Wuxua/XianXia Light Novels are big in china, and LNs are pretty big in Japany/Korea as well. The market isn't currently as large in the English-speaking world, but there are some pretty popular web-serials (most notably [Worm](https://parahumans.wordpress.com) on the already-complete side.) Fair warning, the translated stuff tends to be rather painful to read due to amatuer translations and the fact that they're basically condensed wish fulfillment.)
Their implementation is dumb, but serialized webfiction is already going strong. [Worm](https://parahumans.wordpress.com) is a particularly fampus example.
I was wondering if there was more to it than that, basically. Weight limits, or size limits, whatever. Thanks for the answer, though.
Gamma/omega can carry ten cargo units, which us actually more than my avenger. Not what I had expected to use to ferry cargo around the 'verse early game, but there you go.
The LN format is more "otaku hikkomori gamer dies and gets reincarnated/gets trapped into in a world with MMO mechanics." Though to be fair, the anime I've seen in that vein (ex. Log Horizon, Konosuba, Sword Art Online) were *awesome* (well, excluding SAO) because of how they provided somewhat subversive take on the genre.
The M50 is *Way* faster than the Omega. The Omega normally goes at 280, afterburning at 420, while the M50 goes at 350, afterburning at 495. Here are the best laps I did out of 30 for each for you to compare: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPk0shgzA-E https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZR9UhYZcVM (both are actually 2.3.1) In sum the M50 is far faster, and slightly more maneuverable than the Omega. It would be a straight up better ship if the omega couldn't carry 10 cargo units.
Hmm, I'll need to test that. Thanks for the reply,.
I can't really stand most translated works and therefore don't read LNs, but the anime was indeed fantastic. DEEN thoroughly redeemed themselves.
Who else would he endorse? Trump? Obama actually worked with hillary, I doubt he does this flippantly. And he had the grace to wait until the primaries were done before doing so.
And hand thr nomination to "obama isn't american" trump?
That's my punishment for typing rapidly on my phone screen &gt;.&lt;
lots of space under the legs, I'd think. The cargo would attach from below.
If you don't have a strong opinion, and don't develop one in the intervening months, go Johnson. I disagree with a lot of what he says (and will vote Hillary as a result) but I legitimately respect his self-consistency, and I'd love to see one of the 3rd parties make the cutoff for federal campaign funding.
[Hype post here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/4nip2b/best_girl_part_3_saltdust_crusaders_round_1/d44b19d) edit: thanks, based LH members! Marielle and Akatsuki survived their rounds, although unfortunately milf-tits didn't. Push for Lennisia's victory in the new thread!
If you vote for akatsuki, kanami and marielle I'll vote for three characters of your choice :)
&gt;He's someone who recognizes you can't have an effective institution $20 trillion in debt. He actually talks about it and wants to address it. He runs businesses. He cares about the bottom line, and so do I. He cares about the bottom line, while simultaneously planning to tank our economy by repealing NAFTA and getting into a trade war with Mexico when they refuse to pay for the wall? He wants to reduce the deficit, while *lowering* taxes? He's not in congress; he doesn't get to pass the budget. There's no way in hell he'll manage to cut social security or medicare/aid or defense spending or pensions. And compared to that, every other individual expenditure is peanuts. Sure, he'll probably shut down some research labs or reduce education funding or environmental protection funding, but long term that's just going to cause more economic damage anyways. The only way we're going to reduce our deficit is by raising taxes while the economy's still good. Not by passing feel-good tax breaks. &gt;Gary Johnson isn't a viable option. Because of the broken campaign finance system Trump supports. Third parties won't be relevant until FPTP is gone, and FPTP won't be gone as long as the two reigning political parties are the only ones that can consistently attract money. &gt;But keep up the talking points. So pointing out how Trump's current positions are effectively reversals on his long-held positions is a "talking point" and thus automatically not worth considering? Don't blame me if/when trump gets elected, reverts to form, and the deficit only increases.
Log Horizon hype! With Henrietta gone, what this competition needs is MOAR DATABASE.
Not yet. It depends on where they spend their money.
&gt; Fixed an issue where the Mustang Gamma and Omega had the wrong paint color. They say "Issue," we say "feature."
Exactly-- Saudi Arabia wanted to stop fracking. And Obama's been-- guess what-- relatively pro-fracking, and backed down on stopping the big pipeline from Canada. He effectively applied economic pressure on the Saudi's, and for it we get to tank Russia's economy and buy gas cheaply. Everything a president does is, to some extent, foreign policy.
I disagree wholeheartedly. That sucker needs to turn into a drop bear.
Neglected? Yes. Harassed? You've been reading too much naruto-wank fanfiction. There's very little evidence he was harassed a lot more than any other punk kid-- he gets shit because he's a prankster, not so much because of the fox.
&gt;without campaign finance reform That'll take either an amendment or a supreme court case. In either regard, Trump isn't going to let it happen, and at least Clinton has the self-interested motivation that the current rules help republicans more at the local level, so after election, to consolidate power, she'd want campaign finance reform.
&gt;Trump won the Primaries by self-funding Trump is his own corporate donor. He's not going to reform campaign finance. &gt;I can't see how you think the person who has been receiving money from foreign countries and mega-corporations her whole political career is more likely to support campaign finance reform than the candidate that self funded his campaign. Because trump is willing to [literally bribe officials](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/6/7/1535437/-Did-Trump-bribe-officials-in-both-Florida-and-Texas-to-drop-Trump-U-case) to do what he wants. There's no way in hell that he wants to make it harder for donors to drop money on elections. Again, why the hell would hillary want campaign finance to stay as-is once she makes president? Republicans benefit from it more, she's a prideful woman, and, as the incumbent, preventing her opponents from getting funding would be helpful for staying two terms.
&gt; Can you give me a less-biased source that proves the full effect of these donations, a simple google search gives the top sources being DailyKos, OccupyDemocrats, MSNBC, and Huff Po...not the most unbiased list of media And yet, you still haven't found a source that proves otherwise. I'm sure you could find a source that'll say it wasn't technically bribery, but you're not going to find one that said it didn't happen. &gt;And what makes you think republicans are so heavily advantaged by corporate donors? In that case Jeb! Bush should've blown out Trump in the first week of the primaries spending nearly $100 million of super pac money on anti-Trump ads Republicans get more donations, which while isn't as big a deal in really large contests, really helps out at the local level. That means republicans get a stronger support base to draw from. And if you're saying pac money doesn't matter anyways because of Jeb, why would it matter if Hillary Clinton has corporate donors?
&gt; Yeah because they thought Bernie couldn't win, and that the elections were rigged so they didn't bother. My sister refused for exactly that reason. No, they refused because they were lazy and just used that as a justification. If everyone thought hillary was just going to win, that would have backfired on her as people throwing protest votes would tend to stay in, while hillary supporters wouldn't feel threatened enough to vote. Voting turnout for primaries is always terrible. If bernie couldn't pull off the "underdog" rhetoric, people would have cared a lot less. &gt;And don't forget, they removed millions of voters across the country from the democratic registry so they couldn't vote. They got my wife and three of my friends. It all got reported. Law suits are filed, but it's too late because people don't realize the impact this had, especially early on when he needed to look like he had a chance. They made it appear he didn't and it became a self fulfilling prophecy. So not only was turn or low due to poor morale but also it was forced to be low by cooking the books. I sincerely doubt all those people removed were bernie voters. Statistically speaking, Hillary and bernie were on best at similar terms for most of the primary race, so by and large those voters would have been Hillary fans. Bernie didn't have a majority of the voters supporting him until it was already too late.
&gt; California given to H with half votes counted? Bernie needed 80% of the votes to win. IF he got every single one of the remaining votes, he'd still lose.
Again, they neglected him, but they didn't harass him. Naruto was better off than pretty much any black kid in the 1950's, society wise. OP is wanking him too hard.
I get, that, I really do. But after NJ, Bernie was more or less nonviable. I'm glad he kept fighting, but holding out hope when California was polling Hillary for months just wasn't realistic.
I didn't watch very far, but he was kind of bland.
I can give you a bit of an intuitive explanation. As with all taxes, tariffs reduce demand for any particular price, which then reduces supply. So for any particular tariff, consumers will be paying more, and there'll be shortages in whatever's being supplied. Now, like all taxes, a tariff can be justified if the money acquired from it is spent in such a way that the overall benefit matches or exceeds the economic loss, but from a strictly help-the-economy perspective, tariffs don't help.
&gt;Except you can't automate a lot of our farming jobs. We can't yet, but will be able to soon. I've heard a lot about switching from our "large machines doing a lot of work at once while guided by a human" model to having a lot of smaller autonomous machines to do the job. As for the jobs involving harvesting food that machines can't do yet, it's only a matter of time before we have robots with the same dexterity as us.
So they're better off if they're unemployed and don't have an industrial base? Look at Taiwan, Japan, even the US. Every developed country went through a point with high employment in repetitive manufacturing jobs.
&gt;The machine will have to be 20 or 30 years ahead of time to harvest our more gentle items like tomato's strawberries etc It might take twenty years, it might take thirty, but it's bound to happen eventually. And it's not like strawberries are the only example. Picking apples will be a smaller engineering challenge if delicacy is the problem, and there are plenty of other fruits the methods can be perfected on. In the meantime, the fewer people needed to pick fruit, the less money the humans still involved are going to get as there's more competition. Artificially trying to keep wages high isn't going to benefit people in the long run, it's just even more of an incentive to develop robotics. &gt; creating inhumane conditions for the animal But why? At least robots can't be unnecessarily cruel unless they're specifically programmed to be.
And they've been right.
I'm sorry, when was the last time you heard of an american harvesting corn with their hands?
Has too. http://www.cnet.com/news/50000-strawberry-picking-robot-to-go-on-sale-in-japan/#! It's not efficient yet, but it is inevitable.
Marielle wins by 35 votes! I'll take the credit, thank you very much.
I personally would like to claim responsibility for Marrielle's upset victory, because I made the LH hype post and linked this to the LH subreddit. I am, indeed, incredibly proud. (Though I'm sad taiga was out, I genuinely liked her.)
&gt;Marielle really surprised me, though I'm quite happy about it. I'm taking all the credit, so upboats to the left ;) Man, am I glad the LH fandom is pulling through.
idealized starcitizen but with PS2 player counts on an instance. Thank me later.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"Use." I'm so offended by your blatant dehumanization of these men! It's like you view them as objects.
(1/2) &gt;we need to fund the removal of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere, not decrease the amount being added I'm not saying we need to completely remove the effects of global warming. Earth would tend to return to equilibrium if we just left it alone for a while. We just need to reduce the total cost we'll pay for it, to the point where the economic benefit we gain from global warming inducing actions matches the economic negatives. Currently, we're warming too quickly for that to be true, and we're going to pay more than we gained. We just need to stall the increase of global warming as technology gets cheaper and better. For example, if we could delay global warming for even five years, Biochar would be cheap and plentiful, and we could sequester large amounts of carbon with it. But currently, it's expensive to make. &gt; Is it an external cost on this person? Yes, but this is the free market, where you have the freedom to choose how you live. That violates the primary tenet of libertarianism-- your right to swing your fist ends where my nose begins. Without their consent, the fireworks user would have taken a cost from their neighbor for their personal benefit. That's effectively identical to stealing. Perhaps it would still end up being Pareto efficient, as the neighbor could pay the owner of the fireworks to not use them, but that's still effectively extortion. &gt;When the government interferes with a business' operation in any way, it is no longer free market. And this isn't, in and of itself, a bad thing. Gangs are a business, but you wouldn't want them to go unchecked. The free market is *good.* It is not *perfect.* &gt;But with some of the lowest profit margins of any industry, its still cheaper, and therefore more profitable for them to leave the country. For every gallon of gas sold, Exxon makes $.07, and the government makes $.48. This is the kinda thing im talking about, if they already lose 50% of their profits to the US government, then lose more because of additional taxes and regulations put on the company, what possible reason do they have to stay? Exxon pays *zero* in income taxes. Not one cent. Large corporations can get away completely scot free from them. That money is all sales taxes. And Exxon would *continue* to pay them, because they can't exactly not sell in one of the biggest markets on the planet. Europe has much stricter climate laws, and they still do business there. Incidentally, that's an opinion article by a partisan source (the CEO of a politically motivated organization) that doesn't include any sources. I'm not going to claim the $.07/$.48 figure is wrong, but I'd doubt his other conclusions. &gt;My choices might have an impact on another person, but it is not a 3rd parties right nor responsibility to prevent me from crashing my car, So then the other person should have no way to get recompense for being harmed? What if that person decided to permanently cripple you in retaliation for scratching their paint? The government has not just the right, but the *responsibility* to prevent third parties from being negatively affected by the actions of another. Trading freedom for security is the entire point of the government. Otherwise, we might as well just save ourselves the trouble and become an anarchy. &gt;I am of the belief (as a libertarian) that each person should be responsible for their own actions, and that the government should stay out of it That's nice in theory, but so is communism. Even if 99% of people are good, that 1% is still going to ruin it for everyone. If the government doesn't step in, how can you make sure that 1% takes responsibility for their own actions? And if your recommendation is any variant of "force them," then you're right back to where you started-- a group of people imposing their will on the majority. AKA, a government. Every time someone tries out pure libertarianism, we end up with feudalism instead. Our species wide-equilibrium is some smaller group having control of a larger group. That's, so far, outcompeted every other form of government. You can certainly believe pure libertarianism would be the best outcome on a personal scale, but it's unwise as a policy decision. &gt;And unless you are saying these people are warred with each other because of climate change causing famine, my point holds true. Climate change causes famine causes war all the time. Anthropogenic climate change is recent, but would you really disagree about whether people have gone to war because of bad growing conditions leading to widespread death? &gt;While I might agree with you that lack of food surely inhibits a culture from becoming peaceful, in no way would I list climate change as the most inhibiting force on the middle east and its future with peace. Lack of food alone? No. But the biggest things nations fight over are resources, and as long as resources have to be fought over, there'll be war. &gt;How can you justify restrictions on a gas company because they might cause droughts which might cause hunger which might cause disease, but not restrictions on Islam, which just last night killed 50 people and injured 50 more because of their sexuality? They *have* caused droughts which have caused hunger. And the reason I don't support restrictions on Islam are simple-- the number of deaths caused by islam and the proportion of Muslims that are terrorists are so small, the overall benefit (economic and otherwise) of restricting Islam would be far, far outweighted by the overall cost. It would cost billions to do effectively, erode protections on freedom of speech and freedom of religion, negatively affect the lives of millions of innocent Americans, and tank America's reputation abroad. All that, to save a statistically insignificant number of american lives. 50 people dead in a day is sad on a personal level; it's easy to see them and empathize for their families. But on a national level, far more people die to bathroom accidents every year, and barely anyone cares, despite it being a bigger deal in the aggregate. It's the same as guns-- compared to other causes of death, guns are effectively harmless. But they're scary weapons and the "solution" to them seems obvious, so people get emotionally attached to fighting for gun control. I think guns should be regulated more (if only to prevent suicides), but compared to my other issues, I don't give a shit. It's the utilitarian calculus that's important-- not what my feelings tell me, but the cold hard numbers on a spreadsheet. &gt;How would a government imposing restrictions on companies be more valuable than alternatives? Have you heard of the [prisoner's dilemna?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner%27s_dilemma) Let's say you have two options-- snitch, or don't snitch. Similarly, your partner in crime has the same options. Should one person snitch while the other doesn't, they get out of jail, while the other person gets 9 months. Should both snitch, both get 6 months (9 months, minus some for cooperating.) Should *neither* snitch, both get 3 three months in jail. So your best option, is, of course, to Defect, or snitch while your partner in crime doesn't. But your partner has the exact same information you do; they want to snitch, while you don't. Now, regardless of which action partner takes, you get the least time in jail if you snitch. In game theory lingo, snitching *strongly dominates* not snitching, because it's *always* your best option. It's the same thing for your partner-- he'll always snitch over not snitch. Which, of course, leads to both of you snitching on each other. So, given freedom of choice, both of you make a sub-optimal outcome: 6 months in jail, each. But let's put a government into the equation. Your boss calls you up, and uses Threat Of Force. That is to say, he tells both of you that if you snitch, you'll end up wearing concrete underwear as you're thrown off a bridge. So instead, you Cooperate, and receive three months in jail. That's less jail time for you, and less jail time in total. The intrusion of a third agent, by removing your freedom to choose, improves outcomes for everyone. It's the same thing for climate regulations. It's in the best (monetary) interest of every single company to not cut down pollution, and to hide that they're doing so. Their CEO's might like the idea of not polluting, but if they don't do so, they get knocked out of the running. So polluting strongly dominates not polluting, and we get a race to the bottom. But instead, the government steps in and regulates pollution. Companies still make profits (albeit less than they probably would have) and the air stays relatively clean. tl;dr: The government messing in the free market is better than the alternatives because the free market is ruthless and cutthroat, and that's not always a good thing. (1/2)
(2/2) &gt;Which is exactly my point, the free market will always provide the answers But if left unchecked, it won't do so in an efficient way. The free market will work eventually, but we need something that works *now.* Or at least within a decade or so. &gt;the more restrictions you put on an one party in an industry, the more you hurt the industry, and the consumer. So then let's eliminate the patent and copyright systems. Let's see how many new inventions get made, and how many new books get written. There's obviously some point where the restrictions grow too heavy, but they're absolutely necessary at some level for modern life. Do you think you'd be happier as a hunter gatherer, just because you wouldn't pay taxes? &gt;if you can find examples where he says he will cut the defense budget I'd love to see that. Meet the Press 2015 interview moderated by Chuck Todd Oct 4, 2015 &gt;Q: Are you going to get rid of entire departments? &gt;TRUMP: I would get rid of some. For example, the Department of Education. I would certainly get rid of a lot of it. I want local education. We could save a fortune with Environmental Protection-- &gt;Q: what is another agency you'd get rid of? &gt;TRUMP: Even in the military, I'm going to build a military that's much stronger than it is right now. But you know what? We can do it for a lot less. &gt;Q: So you believe you can spend less money on defense than we do today? &gt;TRUMP: I think we can make our defense much stronger and spend somewhat less money. I wouldn't be surprised to see he had flip-flopped, though. &gt;If nuclear/ solar/ wind/ green energy was worth it for the consumer, we would have it. You eliminate the chance for a better product to be produced from competition when you give all the money and advantages to a company providing a subpar product. There is no free market in regards to the energy sector. It's inherently monopolistic, because you need massive amounts of capital just to begin with. Solar and Wind can admittedly be done on a smaller scale, but good luck having your mom-and-pop startup get the permissions to build their own hydroelectric dam. The government is absolutely required to invest in nuclear, because, if nothing else, we don't want random corporations developing their own nuclear bombs. (2/2) (removed my own upvote so this is after the first post.)
&gt;(in South Africa) a policy or system of segregation or discrimination on grounds of race. &gt;segregation on grounds other than race: So basically, segregation for any purpose. I doubt you're going to catch him on this.
It's segregation of basically any kind. There's always going to be some way to argue about that on a technicality, so it's just not worth it to waste the time.
Oh yeah, I was doing the PI mission and it was already incredibly intense because I wasn't sure if someone could come in and shoot me, so I expect the actual FPS mission is incredible.
This is why I can't wait for augmented reality to hit the market. Imagine changing a few settings, and having *everything* as vibrant as you want it to be. Got sick of that? Drop a sepia filter on. Retro doesn't interest you? How about black and white?
&gt; he protagonist takes Gary Stu to a level that would make a lot of bad fanfic writers cringe I wrote an [intentionally bad fanfic](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11758916/1/Turbo-Sue) and even I couldn't manage to cram in sibling romance.
That's moving the goalposts, man. Just admit that people kill because *they're* fucked up, not necessarily because their religion is fucked up.
That was certainly impressive :) Though for server pride reasons, I have to stump for emerald. With PREY, QRY, HONK, N, C150, GALM, and a few other outfits I'm forgetting to name, Miller's got a while to go ;)
That's not an islamic issue, it's a human psychology issue. For a variety of reasons, it's very easy for us to subsume into the herd and fall prey to groupthink. Every belief system could spawn the same kinds of people, Islam is just an easy target because there are lots of people who believe in it, and they're more likely to live in poverty-stricken, war torn nations with food insecurity issues. Though let me give you some advice (and I'm genuinely sorry if this sounds smug), don't say "Islamic," say "Middle Eastern nationals," or some variant. It might reek of PC, but it's far less polarizing. You'll find a lot more people willing to accept "restrict entrance of Saudi Arabians into the US because of their nation's human right's record" than people willing to accept "restrict entrance of muslims into the US." And that's less likely to induce a knee-jerk adversarial reaction, making it a lot more likely that people will actually listen to your argument. I didn't change my position on the assault weapon's ban because of the hundreds of people screaming "you want to shit on my rights," I changed it because of the extremely polite poster who made a compelling and well sourced argument that pushing for it wouldn't be an effective way to stop gun violence, and therefore counter to my own core values.
Jesus fuck, can people please stop trying to immediately turn these tradgedies into talking points for their own personal causes? I'm just sick of both the anti-muslim and anti-gun people barely even pretending to give a damn just to push an agenda.
I'm flattered that you chose to post this, but I'm currently only posting r/rational threads every two chapters so as to not clutter up the page.
&gt;increase in physical and mental stats To clarify, adventurers get better reflexes/processing speed, but aren't actually any smarter than before. Martial artists think quickly, but that doesn't necessarily make them good, for example, particle physisists. That being said, I think you make a good point as far as both minori's and shoryu's parent's pushing for school. For shoryu's mom as I'm charachterizing her, it's in charachter, but not so much for Minori's parents, so I think I'll go back and edit Minori's conversation.
People of the land get the same perks as adventurers, but with one quarter the xp gain and no respawns, making it extremely risky to grind XP. People on earth are treated basically the same, but they don't even have the luxury of easily available monsters. So most people on earth won't choose to get kickass magic skills for the same reason most Landers don't-- it's inconvenient, risky, and painful.
&gt;But, if the transformation to adventurer has made EVERYTHING more efficient, then effectively every single adventurer can manage a lot more data at the same time, and efficiently analyze a huge amount of information. Which does make them smarter, just for the fact that every kind of thought and analysis they are capable of has become way more efficient. Efficient. That's true, but you seem to be overestimating the degree to which adventurers get a boost. The absolute fastest feat in the anime that requires some measure of thinking is Nyanta and Shiroe making a combo with .01 second precision. That sounds incredibly impressive, but consider this: At 120 beats per minute, sixteenth notes are .125 seconds apiece. Your average Jazz musician playing swing notes is going to play sub-.1 second notes chained to each other. If there's more than .05 seconds of variation, they're going to sound out of time. So your average Jazz musician can consistently act within .05 seconds, for minutes at a time, either reading sheet music or improvising. And that's at 120 BPM. Your virtuoso concert pianist is going to lay down 36th notes at much higher tempos Shiroe and Nyanta pulled it off *once,* and Nyanta is a very high level specimen of one of the fastest classes in the game. And it's not like they just suddenly gained that ability-- they played together for years, practicing their timing. The fastest feat in my fic is Minori blinking her spell off and on within (about) .07 seconds. I can turn an electronic stopwatch off and on in about .14 seconds. Minori obviously is faster than a regular human, especially since this is her first time trying this, but even she doesn't get the timing perfectly. So I'd estimate that, in the anime (don't know about the LN) the maximum speedup adventurers get is about 2x, when they're really really focused, and even then only for brief periods of time. There's obviously some speedup involved for adventurers to move as quickly as they do (even though abilities work a little on autopilot), but I doubt their regular experience of time is that much more than 1 to 1. &gt;But, dunno, even if his parents are so obsessed with school, it's really weird that they'd push for it within hours of meeting their son that has been missing for years and was thought dead... You know, you have a point. How does moving back the last part to the end of the next chapter sound? Content won't be changed much (except to acknowledge it happens later) but I think it would seem more believable.
An aurora can kill a Bengal, if you launch the aurora out of a suffiiently large cannon.
I wad on mobile and din't want to hunt for the link, so thanks :)
No, it's pretty well documented. Do you remember the last time you said "one more bite" even though you were already full? Satan, being a dick. How you only ever lose one sock out of a pair in a washing machine? Satan, being a dick.
&gt;Uh, she didn't do shit as a senator That's false. You can dislike her, but it's not difficult to look up any politician's voting and bill sponsoring records online. I did so when I voted in the state primaries because I didn't really know the candidates (not for president.) https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/hillary_clinton/300022
To be honest, I think it's more a genre conceit, like how space opera's have FTL travel and no common, better-than-human AI. Xianxia just isn't for people who like balanced MCs. (Incidentally, the wikipedia Xianxia page is written like a tvtropes article, which really bothered me for some reason.)
Bit of a nitpick with your summary: when you say "vain, and self-styled god" it sounds weird because "self-styled god" is used as a noun despite vain being an adjective. Instead, I'd write "vain, self-styled god."
The entire point of any race is to get from point a to point b as fast as possible. Given equal performance, the winner is who can find the most time-efficient path. A NASCAR racer practices and practices to use the countour of the track to maximize speed. They know where to drive, and they have an advantage. A spaceship racer practices and practices to know which zones they can go through, and how much G-Force they can tolerate. It's the exact same thing. &gt;oh by the way there is no aility to pass anyone, ever. wat. They're spaceships. They move in 3d. It's *easier* to pass someone than with regular racing, because you can more easily manuever around them. &gt; It blows my mind that anyone would hold up the current model as virtuous Do you even race? Not just once or twice, enough for you to say "fuck this" when you get passed, but hour after hour? The current system is fun *because* of the alternate paths. You need higher precision to pull them off, but that's the tradeoff-- greater risk, greater reward.
lewd.
MLG voicepack for the win.
#[Akatsuki](http://img11.deviantart.net/6af3/i/2014/009/2/2/akatsuki___by_mmrailgun-d71hxce.jpg) why she deserves your vote: * (psuedo-)loli ninja. Do I need to say more? * [She’s that one obsessive roleplayer you find in every MMO](http://www.bing.com/images/search?q=akatsuki+log+horizon&amp;view=detailv2&amp;&amp;id=35712537EB8F89D64E6A5556CE7A87B02CCA3C6C&amp;selectedIndex=1&amp;ccid=XK8pRyBv&amp;simid=608007919488600056&amp;thid=OIP.M5caf2947206f41ac660619b600ec2d7bH0) * [Is her party’s primary DPS, and thoroughly whoops ass (monster and otherwise)](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-7JxJLYv-_9Q/Uv_k5oz8SBI/AAAAAAAABXE/s4VWHqPmPZI/s1600/470-log-horizon-akatsukis-attack.gif) * [She’s a team player. That thoroughly competent player you find in pubbie matches that doesn’t talk bullshit through voice chat and plays the objective](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-3rCDQAAtC5Q/UywO1SRf2lI/AAAAAAAAHG4/sYie9RaF7tY/s1600/log-horizon-anime-picture-1920x1440.jpg) * [Doesn’t have numbers in her username, which her opponent can’t manage despite *not even being from an mmo.*](http://fanaru.com/log-horizon/image/184154-log-horizon-akatsuki-blush.gif) * [She LIVES IN THE DATABASE](http://33.media.tumblr.com/38d9dcfa972bd7d2d01f0d752d8cd8ab/tumblr_n61a4rf8yz1tt23n5o1_500.gif) * [There’s no use for all your gimmicks, so check this out!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AW6WfuWuOg) #[Marielle](http://pre13.deviantart.net/00b1/th/pre/f/2016/161/7/0/side_by_side_by_siphine-da5oqfw.jpg) why she deserves your vote: * [Ran her own fast food franchise](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140118022302/log-horizon/images/thumb/4/40/CrescentMoonRefreshmentStandLogo.png/500px-CrescentMoonRefreshmentStandLogo.png) * [Actually got together with her OTP, instead of leaving audience with permanent blueballs.](http://i.imgur.com/qfHntRf.gif) * [Aesthetic reasons](http://i9.mangapanda.com/honey-moon-logs-log-horizon/1/honey-moon-logs-log-horizon-5033243.jpg) * Because she's the underdog! Log Horizon hype train, go!
[Hype post here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/4o3zxq/best_girl_part_3_saltdust_crudasers_round_2/d49efu4)
[\&gt;tfw opposing charachter is so unoriginal they can't even think up a name not requiring numbers](https://toxicmuffin.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/log-horizon-18.jpg) (edit: c'mon, don't downvote him guys; he's a poor, mislead soul that needs to be shown the light. By which I mean DATABASE.)
Eight pictures and only the same bland facial expression. I'd hug her to make her feel better, but I could get the same experience from a knockoff dakimakura.
I liked her, but Yozakura Quartet was pretty incoherent. The intro was catchy as fuck, and the fight with the ginormous earth monster was great, but I wish they had actually released it in watch order.
No need to downvote. Akatsuki trouncing her will be more than enough vindication for our cause :).
I was surprisingly OK with S2. IT helped that I watched it all at once, so I didn't get to stew over any individual episode. By far the weirdest change was Marielle's hair, though.
Because, let's face it, it's a total sausagefest on /r/anime
I have a grand total of one capital at the begining of my sentence. That you can't understand basic capitalization rules indicates that, whatever age I am, you're almost certaintly younger.
Then let's make peace and browse /r/awoo?
I'm pretty salty about marrielle, so I'll counter-vote in revenge. (Not that saber needs it...)
&gt;Misaka Imouto has been killed D: She will not be missed &gt;:3
&gt;Misaka 10032 lost. Cry harder &gt;:3 If anything soothes my pain that marrielle lost, its that akatsuki won.
You were supposed to be the solution!
I love planetside, but SC probably shouldn't copy it unless we really want to be Space Dark Souls 4.
Actually, no, but if you've played PS2 then you should know how unrelentingly brutal it is for new players.
LTI token go!
can confirm, review whore. I don't give a shit about favorites, though. Follows are where it's at.
I heard something about biohackers making a liquid-filled device to put over their eyes that removed most of the visible spectrum, isolating a little bit of the infrared range that we regularly wouldn't notice, but they could see. I couldn't find that article, but I did find this one: http://www.popsci.com/article/diy/can-we-hack-our-vision-see-infrared-naked-eye
most of the people that give favorites just favorite every single story. Follows indicate how many people care enough to keep reading your story as you update, and reviews are what show that your readership is actually *engaged.*
I have the sneaking suspicioun that Nyanta is actually a pretty young dude-- around Shiroe's age or a little younger, and just really mature. That's probably just because I want to ship him with Serara, though :P edit: nevermind, he started playing in 1998. Dammit.
I'm sad you're doing this, but thank you for taking the effort to write it. Hopefully you've learnt as much from writing it as I did from beta-int it.
&gt;And i disagree that inexperianced women write romance. They write bad romance ala twilight. Just like bad male writers will write shitty power fantasy I'm not judging either genre, just saying that's what the inexperienced authors inevitably lean towards. &gt;As far as why, its actually called "curative vs transformative" and there are a bunch of articles about how statistically men prefer curative and women prefer transformative. Mind linking me one?
I'm not saying it's *only* written by inexperienced writers, but that inexperienced men/women writers are more likely to write power fantasies/romance, and that as they get better, they tend to branch out. Men get more confident in/willing to write romance, women get more confident in/willing to write non-romance, and the differences disappear as they meet in the middle. Just look at YA fic-- most for-men, by-men action novels still have a romance subplot, while most for-women, by-women romance novels still have action of some sort.
That was an interesting article, but didn't cite any hard evidence. It fails to back up your claims that &gt;And the reason women write more fic is because media does not cater to women and that &gt;When men write fanfic its usually because they just want to explore the universe more. When women write its usually because they are completely dissatisfied by the story and want to change it to their taste. Perhaps visual media doesn't cater to women, but that's certainly untrue of novels, by far the largest part of fanfiction.net's stable. Twilight, Hunger Games, Maximum Ride, and Mortal Instruments were directly intended to cater to women. Harry Potter and Warriors were written by women, if not necessarily aimed at them. Maximum ride, out of those six, was the only one written by a man. Yet they're still inundated by fanfics. Five of the nine books in "Amazon Editors' Top Picks for the Best Books of June" are written by women. The anime section admittedly has a much higher proportion of for-men works, but despite that, they have, if anything *fewer* transformative works proportionally. You'll see more slash shipping, but changing around a few sexual orientation is barely anything compared to the rest of the setting. And Worm, despite being written by males for males (despite its female main character), with its overwhelmingly male fanbase (Spacebattles is exactly as sweaty and neckbeardy as you expect from the name) still has the same kinds of writing I see in, say, the HP fandom. Main character wank, noncanon slash pairings (albeit yuri ones), crazy AU's in every direction, genderbenders, etc. The only real differences are that the by large older and more mature crowd tends to avoid the really bad romance/wish-fulfilment, and Spacebattle's extremely draconian anti-smut rules prevent anything from heading in that direction. Maybe wanting the literature aimed more towards themselves would explain *some* of why women are more represented on FF.net, but it certainly can't explain the massive disparity.
I'm voting saber because Lan Fan beat second best girl, and deserves to die an ignoble death.
&gt;Poor Lan Fan. She doesn't deserve this. For beating 2nd best girl, she deserves everything she gets.
I don't hate the show, but it competes with LH and therefore must die.
Megumi and Akatsuki are both shy and asocial, but only one of them is a badass loli ninja, and it's not Megumi. In sum, Vote Akatsuki!
I can't actually convince people to switch; it's more a get out the vote initiative.
I'm writing an LH fanfic, which by necessity involves doing a lot of research on the characters. Thus, I can pretty confidently say that she's a more intriguing character than you'd think just from watching the anime once without looking particularly hard. And anyways, I don't care about any of the other girls remaining in the competition, so I might as well stump for her.
I thought the cutoff had F/Z before it, with UBW after it? I might be wrong, although to be fair her character would still be eligible anyways.
AO3 is archive of our own. The single biggest difference between it and FF.net is their attitude towards smut is "go for it, buddy." Aside from that, they have a more elegant tag based system and allow more formatting options, plus some other features. It's pretty much a strictly better website, but it has a smaller userbase because it's newer and less well known. Fimfiction is the fandom-specific fanfiction site for My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. Featurewise, it blows fanfiction.net out of the water, and only misses AO3's tag system (it beats it out with cover and image support, plus auxilary features like profile management.) Unfortunately, it doesn't (yet) cater to non-mlp fics, so I can't use it for everything.
Jesus, you're fast. Here's the AO3 link: http://archiveofourown.org/works/6785857/chapters/16452031 I'm taking a one week break to improve Arc 2 (I wrote too much of my backlog sleep deprived and after midnight, and it kind of shows). In the meantime, can I get feedback on arc 1 as a whole? Please be as brutal as necessary.
the ff.net people aren't going to catch it, so it's our little secret :P
Salty reviews are hilarious though. The really soul crushing ones pick apart exactly why your story is bad, because the reviewer cares about improving the quality of fic.
&gt;I have one more thing which I could mention. I think you write fast paced scenes pretty well, and you seem to be managing so many characters well too. I would caution, however, that if you have too many things going on at once, it can be difficult for the reader to keep track of who is who and what is doing what. Consider slowing the story down/focusing on one person per chapter or increasing your word count per chapter a bit. To be honest, that's part of the reason why Shoryu was sent to school in the first place-- it was a way to get him out of the spotlight and not interacting with the rest of the plot. Didn't quite work out, but I tried :P
&gt;Until he's hit and killed by a headshot from a previously-introduced sniper from GGO. \&gt;.&gt; &lt;.&lt; \&gt;.&lt; Goddammit.
&gt;I'm sorry to say, but it still feels way too easy, too scripted to go a certain way. I'm happy the school matter is settled, but there should be a more serious discussion in that situation. Unless the mother doesn't care about him enough to just acquiescence the fact that he just said he wants to get back into danger to help his partners? Good point, I'll see what I can do. &gt;Wait, did Log Horizon have a CHA stat? I wonder if adventurers have high CHA compared to normal people... No clue. I wouldn't think so.
I think the serial model of publishing is really neat. Not just LH in particular, but it's a return to the old days where books were published chapter by chapter in magazines. Also, I'm sure you're feeling very smug about your fanfic's prediction :P
He speaks good enough english to give an interview on 4chan. A writer can hope :P
You're the only person in this thread (so far) with a faction flair that isn't tr. You better hope that spandex is lubricated, buddy.
That's only because pilots don't fly close enough to the ground to make prox chat worth it.
Minato can always force a tie with the shiki fuin, and on top of that isn't vulnerable to tobirama's stable of anti-uchiha water release moves, while tobirama still gets rekt by the rasengan.
I don't understand why that series doesn't get more attention. It was the most overwhelmingly steampunk thing I ever read.
Minato has the advantage of 40+ years of advancing seal technology and whatever his uzumaki wife told him, though.
By the same token, everyone in 500m needs to hear me bitching about tomcats.
Boost gives thrust regardless of whether the wheels are on the ground, and it looks like the 'rasser boosted during the loop-de-loop, so it slowed down in mid air.
My favorite aircraft in warthunder.
Just say "type /besties Alvehyanna" in yell chat. Alaroxr had so many friends he was getting lag whenever one logged on because of stuff like that.
I like to crowdsource character choices, and compress time. A character twice as smart as me still isn't going to think of something better in two minutes than I did in two hours. You'll notice that most stories, even rational ones, have charachters reach mostly correct conclusions on unreasonably fast timeframes. Normally we just skip over that, but if you specifically point it out people will realize it *is* out of the ordinary.
No mention of skyknights. 0/10
It largely depends on how strong Kakashi got after he became hokage, and whether he regained the use of most/any of those 1000 techniques he stole. I could actually see him winning based on sheer versatility, but while he has the sharingan Tobirama has the advantage because he's specced against uchiha, and if he loses the sharingan and doesn't get techniques back, then he's a goner because Tobirama has more chakra and higher quality techniques.
It IT actually cared, they'd write a script to do your job. You're safe man.
I obviously can't tell you how competent the IT people are at your workplace, but making a visual basic macro for excel is just about the easiest thing a programmer can do.
Britons are European, whether you like it or not. The cultural divide really isn't that great.
&gt;trash You can't use that word. It's reserved for the waifus of people I disagree with.
Technically, we can have a democratically elected monarch.
You could probably buy a lot of clothes with 1k, and if they're high quality they'd last for a while. And hey, people have spent more money on less productive hobbies.
"We're the republic of sit your ass down and do what you're told. In this case, voting for me."
Man, I don't envy all the people taking calc 2 in college. I took the 2 semester AP version, and calc 3 still managed to be easuer than it.
Holy shit, yes. There are other wormfics I liked more, but Memorials is *legendary.*
Why would he revert? None of the other werecats did.
Hey, at least they're not hitler.
And their protectionist tarriffs meant they stayed 3rd world instead of climbing out of their hole like china. Edit: from the downvotes, people seem to think I'm saying this out of ethnocentrism. I'm saying this as a brasilian, seeing the same problems in brasil.
Every 1st world country went through a phase where a large portion of the populace is engaged in manufacturing work. It's necessary for the middle class to increase. You can hate on china all you want, but their middle class is exploding. Ans it's not like the remains of the caste system really leave most indians with more basic rights than chinese citizens.
If they're willing to sit in the prisoner transport cells, you can fit quite a few people into the avenger.
Something tells me the guy from night at the museum is going to duel him (after a tense multi-ninja standoff of course.)
If you want to look at the per-politician level, it's possible to find out their exact voting history pretty easily (if you live in the us). With a quick google search ut seems like govtrack.us does it, although I could have sworn I used a different site to look at my county-level elected officials.
And in return, your fellow citizens aren't uneducated chucklefucks. Well, mostly, anyways. Point being, things could be a lot worse.
