The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
Fucking ketzero.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid. Probably a kid, kid.
its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice". Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy" Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
Spotted the corporate shill.
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano. Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
If they weren't nerfing dread dps vs subcaps I'd say that was a terrible idea. As it stands, it's only awful.
I've abused the shit out of dread dps against subcaps. http://www.eve-razor.com/killboard/?a=kill_related&amp;kll_id=619522 25 finishing blows because we managed to land a web or two. I also made my eve fortune out of shooting sleepless guardians in wormholes with dreads. https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/1vfphq/how_to_be_space_richtm_like_calmatt/ Believe me, I know how to use a fucking dread. And I fully, 100% admit, dreads are overpowered versus subcaps at the moment. This nerf versus subcaps is only a good thing. I shouldn't be able to wave my dread dick around and fuck everyone in the mouth. Yet I can, and do. Coming to a mouth near you, 2016.
The guy's name is Tricky Dutch
He was webbing un-overheated at 15km. So, even with links, he's slightly faction fit. Pretty sure the point was as well but can't be arsed to go back and look.
Dutch communities in EVE are about as much terror as the Dutch are in real life. :)
What's the point of ascendancy implants if everyone else in the fleet doesn't also have them? Feels like there's way better implants in those slots to have.
Ok dude wtf. You can run c5 sites with a marauder, not even crazy faction tank. And you died in a fucking c3. Seriously. I'm like, mad for all the wrong reasons here.
Probably not. Gilas have great alpha and everyone underestimates them. 0 m/s would've given a penetrating or wrecking shot.
Hey If you're careful and know what to look for you can make money on these, I've done it. Got to about 200mil profit then accidentally bought a vexor for VNI prices. Still positive! I just stopped when I was ahead afterwards though.
Do you mean for turrets? Not really. The closest you get is that there's typically "dual" medium guns with the lower tier caliber. Less range, less dps, but better tracking. So cruisers can get frigates harder with frigate tracking, and battleships hit cruisers with cruiser tracking. Analogous but current rapid missile doctrines are actually superior to most other larger caliber missile turrets unfortunately. And why not? Cuz fuck you. No really turrets are mostly fine atm (except minmatar medium arty).
We're all PL alts. I'm also a RLLO alt. Also been accused of being a brave alt. And a HK spy. And NC. one time. Jesus Christ you guys are paranoid.
Only times I used them was in legions and...oh....my god....you're right.
Well that's rich.
Come on, really? Illegal immigrants?
He's captain, now.
better
wh space
&gt; The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it. The math of suicide ganking has been finely honed. There's no real risk in it.
It's funny, if you hang it from the mirror they can also (legally) ticket you for an obstructed window, and there's plenty precedence for this. So either way, this ticket's getting tossed, especially with the PR.
How can you tell if someone lives in a wormhole? There's be about 3 battle reports and reddit posts.
He's about half on point, and you know exactly the point he's trying to make. Instead of addressing it, you're taking advantage of his lapse and acting like you have no clue what he's trying to say. You're both ass-hats, unfortunately.
Wtf? Spoons? Like...silver? Sourch: American. Not fucking sorry.
Answer: Probably. Are the numbers in yet? No.
Dunno why the downvotes, in SF where I drive this is absolutely true and is exactly what I've been doing. Uber does tend to surge higher though so I'll compare the two depending on the area I'm in.
I drive in SF. If I drove for Uber for 10 hours I'd make $150. Take 35 out of the earnings for gas, and minus the mileage for depreciation and I'm making less than minimum wage.
Ok I just picked somebody up on Market St in SF, hold on traffic let me get out and do a 360 scan panoramic picture of this car. Yea no fuck you. You damage the car, you pay. Simple as that.
Yea publicly. You think they don't get chewed out for causing their department grief in private?
google it, it's available.
To be fair RA would have less members if they actually logged in.
Dickstar hardened pos...ain't noone wanting to fuck with that.
Yea no shit sherlock. Thanks for adding to the conversation.
I'm scratching my head where you got it from that I was confused about that.
What a wierd fucking comment to make though.
Literally had to manually change the request option. And probably didn't even enter in a destination either, hence no price estimation.
That's the problem, there IS no value competing for drivers. You have to force them, like in this lawsuit.
Fun idea! Unfortunately sounds like you don't really understand how bubbles work. Your best bet is to just utilize your statics for isk and have home sites be strictly at-your-own-risk. Also you'll be farmed to shit. Seriously though I wish you the best but this will die in a ball of fire.
If it's the same computer the logs are still there. Go to your documents, EVE, then chatlogs. Sort by date. Or search them for a word or phrase you remember from the encounter to find the right file. Bam. Donezo.
You know what would've answered any and all questions you'd have by now? Going to your Documents/EVE/Logs/Chatlogs. Literally would've been quicker than typing that response, then waiting for my response.
MY RAVEN WAS EQUIPPED WITH THE FOLLOWING.
Wow exhale is still alive? Glad to see it.
Ah, the originals.
People rage if they de-aggress, people taunt if they don't and die. It's a never ending cycle of stupidity.
scram webbed.
WTF. ITS A TENGU. JUST LIKE, SLAMJAM SOME SHIT IN THE MIDS. SOME MISSILES IN THE HIGHS. BAM, YOU'RE DONE.
meh
You're putting way too much thought into this. Maybe the legion though what's the point I'm scram/webbed on station, what's the chance he doesn't also have a prop mod. Maybe triage logged in to find out it didn't have fuel. Maybe he dc'ed. Maybe the frigate menace entered local and he lost all hope. Maybe dreddit is recruiting. Maybe.
Thanks I hadn't noticed.
Gay Mexicans I'm not joking.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link Domis &gt; Snakes. Lol.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4lyihw/300milhr_per_domi_rr_c4_sorry_for_quality/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
Uh, no, that is accurate. I've done these for years, as a member of LZHK you'd think you'd know how to jew :p. Sure, if you want to sit down for 8 hours and jew the numbers go down for hole rolling, etc. But who can do that? Most people need a break, and most holes have several sites to do in them. Just look at my loot at the end of the video, divide by site time (which includes warp in).
Uhh idk what to tell you, try using my fit? 4 should work wonderfully. Asign drones to one main and have him use a tp?
Much obliged senior! Was wondering what Id do to deserve a gold :D
110/12X60=550. The 100 number is kinda low I listed just so people don't complain but ok lets do that, 100/12X60=500. So realistically 550. However your efficiency goes way up when you bring more domis in, so yea 300 mil each.
Idk to do two toons you gotta use rattles or marauders, and c5's are perused more often by hunters, this is just a easy laid back way to get mega isk. Plus logistics isn't bad as you generally have a low class wh static. &lt;3 stay classy LZKH
Homeboy, when he says refuse an FST he does not mean the breathalyzer. If you passed the breathalyzer, and they still brought you to jail that's a settlement waiting to happen, and has happened in the past.
I barely played when I was in HK, but no I'd discovered this well before.
I have two screens, I thought it would switch on fraps but maybe not, you'll see my mouse move off the right side of the screen.
CCP
On the tougher sites sure, you will need more. And they actually don't tank the second wave very well at all, but they always switch target once you're in low armor so *shrugs*. You'll see it happen in the video, it happens at that point every time.
If you have trouble, feel free to drop a DDA for more tank. IDK what would be best, a DCII, another enam, or a kinetic/therm hardener. Honestly feel free to faction these as much as you want, imp navy enams, a-type layering membranes, true sansha hardener, all aren't that expensive. But the point here is that it's super cheap. If you only have 2, then you can't run the other sites very easily.
Right?
You too, can enjoy potato. While flying potatoes *holy shit it just hit me*
Sure can! But you need some offensive module, like a target painter or something. In a large group, dropping a TC for a tp is no big deal, but can affect performance in my dual setup.
You are correct.
lol
A discount still would've charged more. The point of a discount is to get you to spend more, not exactly the same while the proprietor gives out more stuff.
Certain classes, and at least in these sites. I'm fairly certain it changes for other sites. But in general, snipe the frigates, and they usually seem to ignore drones. Unless you're dealing with guardians (if they're even still around).
Probably was none around.
Get outta here with that crazy Canadian talk.
No one wants to be a defense lawyer for an obviously guilty man.
Saves you on the second wave actually. You dont have to believe me, but youd die often without it. Especially if you do the other sites.
Not everyones alts are always perfect domi pilots, and the whole point of this is low stress, dont worry about parking alts on holes, etc. So no, your efficiency is still the same. Also small groups just ninja salvage while they roll the hole, so times not wasted. Kthx.
It was my mid grade virtues. Lol no it was my plate, which is the entire reason its there.
One can dream :)
MJD capable. 50k tank. Really tank is to just buy you time to get back and jump through untill cavalry comes. And Im fairly certain bcs have more room than t1 destroyers, salvage +tcus take up space.
This was the work of Calmatt, not that dasterdly CaImatt imposter.
Drones used are almost exclusively sentries, so black hole is very doable. The hardest part is remembering to cntrl space both toons
Im sorry man, you need to look at the distances involved on these sites. This isnt a Haven in null, lol. Im sniping the third wave at 100 and finishing at 70km, then you immediately scoop and go. Even if it did help, I often run in a gang so that would definitely slow you down.
Fail troll, come again.
You're completely wrong about the detention part, btw. I suggest further research besides your "gut feeling".
fuck you beat me to it.
That is an attitude that does exist, however that is not what's happening here. What's happening here is a cover up, plain and simple. The man wants to insure accuracy of test scores and methodologies, and has offered to meet with in person many times the school district etc to sort out any privacy issues, they have refused many times (even after legal judgements) to grant these information requests. They're covering their ass because they did something wrong, probably fudged test scores to get government funding.
Yea no wormhole space is hard enough as it is. Although they've mostly switched to FAX's for large class plenty still run with logistics cruisers.
Expecting service at slave wages is ridiculous.
Cops go to protective custody.
Wtf? No
It's a ratting carrier, that he uses to occasionally kill blue carriers with.
How do you do this?
The Hilton on O'Farrel in SF is notorious for this. No one wants to go in the back entrance google!
Im mad? Or someone else is mad? Im glad he lost his super, btw lol. Hes a dick.
He has a better sense of humor, definitely. And he has a huge cock, too.
Wormholers think they're so smart, little do they know *they merely adopted the shadows, I was born into it*. Scanned a wh recently, left an afk alt on the hole to our space, baited out a gang that was forming to bait us on the other side. Went to sleep smiling. Well, crying less than usual.
Well, we've recently been given the ability to not accept every request, and I am actively screening all non-surge POOL and ratings of 4.5 and below requests. Ratings matter now, so soon you won't be getting any rides if that's your attitude. Have fun taking taxi's from now on.
Honestly, I've begun to rely on taskrabbit for when I'm in the city to boost my daily earnings. 15 -30 minutes for a $25 delivery? AND a $11 tip? Yes please $60/hour. I have a tool kit for things like mounting tasks etc, which are a freaking gold mine. $40-50, 30 mins max, etc.
Keep digging that reddit karma hole, pl fuccboi.
It's my understanding in a trial you would absolutely be able to subpoena the caller, both criminal and civil.
Idk, all you'll see is people equipping these instead of tank. The purpose of fitting is to provide meaningful choices, so having them separate is still a good idea imo.
Well, when you're in DT SF and doing several minimum fare trips in a row, this helps for sure.
Guy's please don't give anything to this scammer.
downvoting you.
Even in SF, which is "the holy grail", DO NOT QUIT YOUR JOB. Supplement.
CALL YOUR JOB BACK. PLEASE. DO NOT DO THIS TO YOURSELF.
Keep sending the same question, link your previous ticket number every time. You won't get an answer, but you'll piss them off more.
You reply to everyone who disagree's with you as "you're a mole" or "i'm onto you". I'm calling this a scam. Am I a mole?
Oh man, I got called a name on the internet :( Have fun with your trolling.
7.7% of the cash the highway patrol seizes goes back to the manufacturers. Think about that for a minute.
Can't find you when he's in prison.
Someone rubbed chocolate into my seats the other day, uber now wants you to submit a picture of your "receipt" for the cleaning service. As all I used was water and a towel, the "receipt" was a picture of that. $20 for 2 minutes of work.
I want to downvote you but it's too funny.
Because while they can't out dps fleets they're still powerful dps boats?
Or, if these groups just grew up and used widows for everything, they could escalate with shield triage. Hmm :)
Except it'll be an AT reward ship so PFFTTTT throw balance out the window get fucked, it'll warp cloaked, infinite jump range, perma jam AOE effects, 2k dps, and have a marauder's tank.
Im fairly certain youre lying, as passengers cant "check" their ratings, but requires an email to support which takes a day or two. Got a screenshot? :) Also where do you use the service? SF area?
Sure, $20 before gas. What about mileage on your car? Depreciation? Maintenance? Tell me how many miles you drove, for how much money, and I'll show you how much you're actually making.
Really though just a letter from a lawyer, and they'll probably want to meet to "discuss" things.
Isn't that worse? I mean hey you got frags but come on man...
I like the idea on paper that a witness report is not an exigent circumstance, however this feels like arm-chair lawyering to me. Officer, the murderer just ran inside there! - Dies Sorry Sir can't go in there *quite* yet.
And you call ME a carebear... Well I am, but still...
Do you ever undock?
Maybe you should trim/wash your sausage more.
Do you need context? No.
You do realize the laws don't protect you from the people intent on carrying out those crimes, right? Just look at Paris.
Better food rations, probably.
If it's anything like the last Bay Area meetup it'll be filled with nerds named "melkor" who refuse to give their real name, everyone lying about their non-existent girlfriends, and have a distinct lack of eye contact. So yea the more the merrier. Paging /u/Maldrantus
Lmao apparently.
If what you said in that thread is true, I hope they die in a fire. Then die again twice before they hit the ground.
I'm fairly certain "Melkor" was in goons, so...
Actually that does give justification, so try again.
Uhh didn't you guys just get lucky from trying to do another op and happened to be behind them? That's the gist I got when I was on comms.
500 republic fleet bouncers dropped from DST we killed in rancer once. Good times.
Not really. Give paypall email. Driver notices deposit. What's messy?
Not really. Driver's can't see individual ratings. If there's ACTUALLY a problem, you make a report and the driver DOES get to see this report.
I politely decline assisting with loading. You should too. At least until the tip culture changes.
Lawl. I only see one entitled cunt here, and that's the guy who thinks he's entitled to better service, cleaner cars than taxis, while at a cheaper fare and the drivers should be HAPPY for minimum wage.
$161 dollars, minus $88.55 at the government rate of $.55/mile. Then minus another $88.45 back, leaves you at a loss of $16 for 5 hours of work. So no, not "even if you want to talk depreciation". Fuck off, troll.
$161 dollars, minus $88.55 at the government rate of $.55/mile. Then minus another $88.45 back, leaves you at a loss of $16 for 5 hours of work. Depreciation is real, it exists.
You're completely delusional. Sorry.
I'm confused. My wormhole J112928 is a class 4. It's region is D-R00019. It's a "D" class wormhole?
Can I use a lifeline? Phone a friend? Will you be my friend? So lonely...
What are you talking about?
Should be fixed now! Take your *this guy browses reddit* intel and do what you will!
There's a heron floating in there, that thank god I didn't kill because we ended up rolling ourselves out when trying to jew in that hole later, almost lost the billions in loot. So they can take that. And a condor.
Better yet, when you're in SF do taskrabbit like I do now. Drive for uber, and take a task when it becomes available. More than half my daily income is taskrabbit now. Got $120 for 3 hours for furniture assembly last Friday.
I saw one of those last night. Cool to see this story immediately after.
Will vanguard be using vanguard carriers to alpha stainwagon machariels now?
Nope c4 in domis. Look at my submissions to see my video of it.
I'm in a wormhole corp but it's a mostly defunct one well past it's glory days where it's just me and a few friends. Me and my buddies put 8 domis out easily so we have to keep it small for mass restrictions. If you're looking for a corp I recommend the autism of Sanctuary of Shadows.
That awful fucking writing. Jesus.
"Ever work in a call center?" "Yes, I have, and a sup call is a sup call" "You just got OBSCUREDREAD'ed." If you're having trouble following.
Dont worry guys, theres "no basis for criminal charges". Nothing to see here, move along.
Don't you mean "Taxo Alto"
Bill Gates quote about 256k goes here.
Hit rock with another rock to make smaller, better shaped rocks, ie: stonecraft
No.
*Sigh*.....zips
My father bought a new laptop, and had trouble getting outlook to work on it. So he googled outlook help support, and was brought to one of these fake websites where they had him install hamachi and they promptly installed rootkits and took control. 4 hours of owning the laptop, and I'm yelling at him "What did you do!?" While I'm trying to close down Hamachi and the scammer has opened up notepad via the command line, and is begging me to not close the connection as "there are critical issues with your computer". Jesus christ.
I guess? What does this have to do with your victory being in essence hollow, like your soul?
What are you talking about, second place. There's literally no one in your warzone contesting, nor have I even been in your shitty roleplaying FW. Terrible troll.
Go steal some shit. Then people will know who you are. http://evewho.com/pilot/Calmatt Someone literally said they wished I would go and get dick cancer. Good times.
To do that, you still had to have had the fighters move that 4000km in the first place.
He was an insurance agent and had already been doing stuff on it related to that.
No control over mouse :). FTFY
Some animals are more equal than other animals, duh. Also LOL@doomchinchilla, that guy has given me many laughs over the years.
"That way leads to the forums...we don't go there anymore".
I'm fairly certain this is against the rules of a character sale, you can not include asset worth into a character sale.
I agree that the banter about your family dying is a little much however you seem to be a bit confused about the situation with your comment "when he was supposed to be changing oil only". These oil change prices are so low because they subsidize them with the hope you'll need more work done. This should be well understood by everyone involved, like the expectation of tipping. You want cheap work? Well you'll have to say no a few times to other stuff. They're not awful for looking if more work needs doing.
Didn't some of the juror's explicitly state they let OJ go because the officers that beat Rodney King got off? Not quite the same I would think.
Grew up in florida. Florida's coconuts are sure to taste good, right? Nope. Wallpaper glue. Every. Time.
You're confusing "background check" with "psych report". Background checks won't stop stuff like this happening, just like how Taxi's occasionally assault their riders as well. You do realize a shit-ton of uber drivers are taxi drivers, right?
I'm a little torn on the load/unload part if they're tipping. I generally don't help load/unload because I generally don't get tipped. But if someone's throwing down a few extra bucks into my pocket I'd help them load.
And like, Morocco I think.
Found floating the other day: http://i.imgur.com/wMQ9JZo.png https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/4ob4a0/found_an_offline_russian_pos_lastnight/
http://i.imgur.com/n8umjWj.png
That's not lack of skill that's an elder god shitting all over them.
Literally flying any doctrine that uses one weapon group can be categorized as "spam". Machspam is braindead, tenguspam is braindead, etc etc.
Siggy's creator actually plays the game.
Well, use siggy if you feel you're so far under the radar you don't care about any (possible) backdoors that may-or-may-not be exploitable by Hard Kocks. I like that you can move the wormholes around and make your maps look un-fucked, which you can't do in tripwire. There's a bunch of little differences but it comes down to preference. Oh and siggy costs money per member, tripwire is free.
Plus feroxes are just *so fucking cheap*.
4000 rides, 4.9 rating, no longer driving for Uber after fare cuts. Even when I had people yelling at me I just calmy asked them to leave repeatedly.
SfUber- San Francisco
Read again, he explicitly mentions no late ratings.
Even if that's the case, you leave the city so often that you're just as liable to still get a ticket. Just not worth it, always make them buckle up.
Huh, coulda sworn: This paragraph does not apply to the operator of a taxicab, as defined in Section 27908, when the taxicab is driven on **a city street** and is engaged in the transportation of a fare-paying passenger. http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/cgi-bin/displaycode?section=veh&amp;group=27001-28000&amp;file=27302-27317
Jesus what are you doing to this guy?
Actually, shitposting on reddit does make it faster as we see time and time again.
Not more than eight, means anything up to 8. What I said still applies. Maybe I'm still wrong, but that section doesn't show it.
Cap stable, bro
Because, "they're driving".
Conservation of mass, or, conservation of rate of mass. Q=V*A. Decrease A (cross sectional area), V is increased.
Just Cali and the one other state that was in on it, I think MD? Idk though.
Nice man. Usually I just get made fun of for camping a log-off for 40 minutes, but you just made it worth it.
Lol angry? I'm using tripwire right now. I think you misunderstood the tone of my reply, but that's probably my fault as I'm a huge fucking troll.
Get a zip tie. People can't tell shit!
Yea but you have to answer truthfully on jury forms if you or any of your family members have been the victims of crimes.
Idk Kyle he said PoPo that's pretty serial.
Jon fucking deserved to die. But "nooo" the lord-of-light/bran couldn't let him.
Except the faction spawns directly go into pimping out their ratting carriers. Not so punishment now, huh!
I love sharex. Normally I just have to hope other people believe me when I tell them how much better or smarter than them I am. Now I can...SHARE it with them.
LOL. Like the city ordinance can overrule a SCOTUS ruling....
At least he's semi-fucking clever. You're literally contributing nothing to anything. You're not even furthering the joke you're so fucking useless.
Who are you?
Who are you?
Idk he shit posts on reddit pretty frequently I recognize the name.
Idk one side dipping out immediately on taking losses isn't a "brawl".
*Que the collapse of the entire TRI Logi wing*
It takes talent to recognize talent. I haven't had an in-game commemorative item named after me, *yet*, but I'll get there.
It's in your logs. If you can find the killmail, type that name into your /eve/ folder, it'll pop up.
The reason the judge says he got off so light? "The victim was already compensated in civil judgement". That's right, he's not being punished for the crime, he's only being punished as much as necessary to make this all go away.
C1 Static? For PVP? What?
Seems like a c2-c5/null might be better for you guys. You can actually fit fleets/battleships through the holes, the isk is better, and a guaranteed null for roams.
Yea no "Hey lay down RIGHT HERE, RIGHT EXACTLY HERE". My way's more likely.
Sounds like some of ur spacebros were buttmad. It's ok it happens to the best of us Or in PL's case the worst of them.
No more POSPY budrick?
Overseer's effects isn't "evaccing", he's moving DED loot. Jesus.
I'm surprised you didn't just use your nipple as the template with dinner plates as large as that.
Don't let the sweat of your neckbeard make you slip on that edge.
Then buy all my sabres in i-1 dickwad
I see cops that behave with respect getting kudos, if it's rare on this page it's because it's rare in life.
73 years old.
PSA: Don't usurp a corpmate's control of a citadel while fighters are deployed, or you have to go haul them in.
Oh god you're in Paisti.
Idk I thought it was clever. At least give me an upvote you jew-fuck.
It does sound bad, however keep in mind how often cops lie on reports. I mean, take a look at the wording in an incident report involving multiple officers and see how similar they are. 5/6 will be exact replicas. Not because they all saw the same thing, but because they collude to cover their asses, as any human beings would do. Also google the history of the word "testilie", you might be surprised to see who originally coined the term. Hint: the police.
How so? Had absolutely nothing to lose, but everything to gain by getting assigned a new public defender.
Good. They blew up my poor rolling battleships.
It's not the pods with the implants, it's literally your head. You need a different body to switch implants.
Uhhh I hate to be a buzzkill but probably not. He used the term "decades" so I'm guessing he's at least 38. Yea unless he just pays a hooker it's not happening.
Move to SF man. Lots of older-gay men hanging out in the Twin Peaks area.
Hey guys, let's give him a *hand*. Anyone, anyone?
Beat him up, then leave him outside in the storm.
Have they released any details of the capabilities of these things?
Wormholers using battleships? And actually fighting in them?
Be careful on your usage of RAS and PC.
Not really. Seems like the only people who know who he is are people in Waffles. Sorry buddy you/your friends aren't as space important as you seem to think you are. It's ok though, I'm sure you'll find fulfillment for your life somewhere.
Depends. Do you have sov? Allies? Do you actually use your super fleet? Oh none of the above? Ok.
When you're being given a citation, they only need RAS (I saw the subject jaywalking) to detain you and issue a summons. Whether you produce a physical ID or say it verbally, you've ID'ed yourself. All the cop would've had to do was say he smelt weed in this case, and that manufactures RAS, which leads to a search. PC would be if the subsequent search lead to a baggy of marijuana. So to answer your ultimate question, it would've been RAS in this case (not that the cop actually had any).
No the way she looks.
Sorry
Contrl-C works for me believe if I switch to "list" view where it comes out like a spreadsheet. Then it copies the text.
How do you figure?
Idk If I was a professor and saw someone trying to make it with a kid Id let her take the test in my office hours or something. But Im also unjaded and unbittered from years of students attempting to cheat soo.
Meh if CCP tells a loyal customer no to the offer because of a technicality I dont feel like youre obliged to say "Thank you"
HK hacking the mainframe, what else is new.
You say "again" like it was in fact ever un-bugged.
Probably Im just a contrarian asshole.
Wow what fucking planet are you on. Where the hell did this come from. Come back in the morning when you're sober, ok?
Wait until they log on tomorrow to continue the eviction :p.
No, MBC dismantled after we kicked goonswarm out of nullsec, and even though they refuse to purge in-active members they STILL lost half their membership. Think about that for a second.
Halp I'm being violenced in belt 1.
To death. I've never condoned violence against law enforcement. But wow, those fucking guys deserve it.
Thank god the cops of PPD are too stupid to understand the importance of metadata. I went to cal poly pomona and I saw these assholes pull shit like this all the time.
Well like they say, you "can't fix stupid". Have a lollypop or something.
~summer children~
ok. Is everything like, ok at home? You're on pretty late.
If you were a resident it was the on campus police, they actually behaved themselves well in my experience. Probably because of the other lawsuits that were lodged against them in my tenure there. I went to a friend's house and the cops were there about a noise complaint. You're familiar with Holt ave, right? Anyways they were demanding entry, what have you got to hide, etc etc. By this point I'd been fairly up-to-date in the AMIFTG community for quite a while, but boy you shouldn't seen their faces when I started laying down the law on them. All their stupid fucking one-liners thrown back in their faces, being called out on their bullshit, one Mr. "Chavez" (I say Mr. because he doesn't deserve the title of sir) tried to yell at me "you want to go to jail you little shit!?!?!?". Only for my reply to be "only if you want to lose your fucking house in my civil rights lawsuit you piece you fat fucking tub of lard". Oh man, I'm giggling just remembering how red his face got. But yea, fuck the PPD.
"We didn't lose a shit ton of members!" "It's timezones! Or something!" LOL you're funny. Have fun in lowsec while people fight over your corpse.
Just give up man. The eve war was lost. The reddit war was lost. H'what exactly are you fighting for here? Nothing. The Mittani has been stripped bare, measured, and found wanting. Move on with your life.
Can you?
What did you just say to me you little shit?
Maybe hes already at one of those autism camps.
It's a bit much. It takes what, 60 seconds for a carrier to force an interceptor off the field now?
Based on the investigation, which included interviews and a review of surveillance video, detectives with the DA's office said they determined that: Santiago-DeJesus falsely implicated Cintron-Garcia for not using a proper right turn signal when pulling into a parking space on Greenwich Street, when surveillance video indicated that she had. Santiago-DeJesus attempted to damage and destroy potential audio and video evidence by slamming Contron-Garcia's cell phone on the sidewalk. Santiago-DeJesus's actions, which included the arrest, detention, seizure, mistreatment and infringement/damage to personal property, are in violation of official oppression.
They've told me that before. State you are adamant and not backing down. This did the trick for me when they pulled this shit. Keep demanding. Don't bother with arbitration you'll probably get it if you keep up at the emails. Always explain concisely how the email didn't mention opt-in, include the screen cap, and demand your pay.
Well, the passenger.
So 19.6/hour after you take out bonuses/incentives. But how many miles did you drive? How much did you spend on gas? Market? Give us more details.
What?
Except the machs are farmed locally so the true cost is much less.
Ehhh unions by themselves are a good thing. I guarantee without unions a cops job would be a shit ton worse. Maybe reign in the more egregious protections a union offers.
Who are you? Why should I care? Please help me.
Nah man just be the super mature kid that charms the hot teachers.
More people already run. People get away allll the time. Its not that widely publicized.
J...just shut up!
Don't drive anymore but when I did: Not being ready when you request a ride Not being in the correct pickup location Smells, foods, etc Backseat driver No tip No tip No tip
Scale the effect a driver's rating has on his passengers based on the percentage of rider's he rates 1 stars. He always rates 1 stars? Then his ratings don't affect much.
Uh no, you're just too stupid to figure out the app. Sorry, hon.
There's clever usage, which this is not.
Scale it down to completely T2 and you're set.
"Well, if you wanna throw around hypothetical then I GUESS anything could happen..." Like getting into a fucking accident, as had already happened, which is why this came up in the first place? Jesus.
Question three was too vague. All they stated was that they stopped a truck on the highway. No explanation as to why, just stopped. So I answered illegal, but of course there was a shit ton of information they didn't bother to share in the question.
It's like a dog finally catching that car. What do we do with it? Also tell eargonall to earn me my money.
WTF YANNIS YOU ALREADY KNOW ABOUT SLYCE EVERY WEEK, ANOTHER OF THESE THREADS.
Yes but you HAVE heard of me?
Lots of private security can physically grab you and carry you out if you keep refusing to leave. Retail security can handcuff you and tackle you if you try and run away. It can be a tricky route to navigate, but "security" (as nebulous as that term is) can have elevated authority under many circumstances.
3/10 Hey look, I care enough to downvote. Because I think it matters. Not really. Because it doesn't. But you seem to think it does :). Don't be so mad.
It doesn't matter if they're "presumed" btw. If you're leaving, company policy doesn't mean jack shit to you anymore. You bought them, you have the receipts. If they're stupid enough to stop you that's a lawsuit you'd win.
GM's do not introduce loot into the game for players. Even if someone uses an exploit to gank your freightor and CCP bans them for it. You don't get the loot that drops.
Lol you're having a breakdown in this thread. Calm down buddy, I'm sure those dozen or so dreads will be SRP'ed.
https://zkillboard.com/kill/58793830/ YOU BETTER BE SORRY.
~Valued Allies~
Let the joke die FUCK who let you in tri
Tricky dutch? :D
I'm sorry, I spoke out of turn. The fortizars were indeed killed, at the cost of multiple supers and a trillion isk. You truly won the day. Goodday sir.
Married, but living in her bedroom living with her parents? Yep sounds about right.
We MEANT to lose 3x the isk that we killed! Baited on our trap card!
For like 10 minutes our FC's were yelling at our dictors to stop being so terrible. LO AND BEHOLD. IT'S JUST THE GOONS BEING SO TERRIBLE THEY HAD TO LOG BACK IN.
Just think of it as a balancing of the scales of BR-.
"Well not sure what to tell you. This IP has LOOOONG EVE history. I am no GM though, so if you have an open defect maybe try adding proof that you recently started playing." This guy is lying. lol!
Wow reading comprehension much? Read it again.
The reason to lie is you were previously banned, here's a CCP employee confirming your ip "has history". This is you trying to get out of your ban "But I'm not him I promise!"
I don't see you on that killmail.
You've just subscribed to kitten facts! Ok I can't finish the joke. Insert laughter here.
You fucked up. Now the reddit bot has to show up and correct your emoji
Oh ok it was only a 2v1 isk loss ratio while you outnumbered 2v1 ok much better.
You should work on your reading comprehension. Woah calm down there son! No need to get aggressive like that.
Ok about that spectre comment. Is spectre only allowed to take fleets out on random roams? They can NEVER be part of something larger? I mean I'm sorry you guys are getting fucked (not really) but come on now.
My first game in alpha I had no clue what I was doing. Night came. I realized I could build a wall with the dirt blocks I'd been punching. Then a fucking spider jockey spawned, the 1/10000 chance mob spawn, on my first fucking game, on my first fucking night, while I was building my wall at the top of this fucking mountain I found.
How many of those "100's" are actually subbed and log in? Not nearly as much I'd gather...
Every one of these issues are mitigable, except for ogb. God what an awful reply. Try harder next time.
You sure there's not a limit to the years? Coulda sworn it was two.
I found a planet with a "very strong" stone age species early on. Immediately conquered, built military academia, and my shock troops were born.
Woah there edgy teenager
Weapons timer is only a minute. The one that comes out of panic has to die in under a minute. That's a lot of DPS.
That sounds perfectly reasonable. However most of my core classes was taught by one professor, who did not feel that way.
Except a facebook profile lets people find you in real life. This review using his online handle does not.
lol
So, people hate goons for doxxing. But we're hypocritical for by your own words, "entirely not doxxing"?
Were you dropped on your head as a child? The video is what he himself posted, for the eve community to see. The video does not give his real life name, address, occupation/place of work, of family members. "U retard". Fuck, it's like talking to a slow-child.
Dirty F2 blobber Btw good musak
Tell me how much did public opinion matter when you lost your entire coalition? Oh right, it mattered a lot.
It's kinda surreal to see a picture of yourself on reddit, even if it's a facebook post.
You don't have to catch them "using the list". You simply need a record of them being told you're on the list ie: recorded "I'm on the do not call list, do not call me again" and/or a certified letter to their legal department. Then you can sue them for $500 per call with triple damages. It works.
When you don't know who the meme in the room is, you ARE the meme.
How appropriate the parent comment's username.
I like how you re-uploaded the picture so it wouldn't appear to be a shameless karma grab.
Soon as he deployed ecm, I thought, oh he better target those drones so he gets the kill, but NOPE this guy just ignored them like an idiot. Gets what he deserves.
While baiting the DHS or TSA might be more fulfilling, the point is to spread awareness not the baiting per-se.
Worst boosh ever.
Still waiting on those dank suckin' stats
It's niche will be that it will only be used in complete safety with triage on call and in a super fleet blob.
You guys need more links.
Does he fight under planet 6 so he doesn't get blobbed in rhiload?
Noobman gave you "permission" to host a townhall on your teamspeak? Huh?
Wow way to be a dick. Dick.
Used to drive the night scene in SF for Uber. Got a few impromptu dates, been groped plenty of times, only went all the way twice though as that's such a huge deal and they had to be sober
More like, Rejection of PvP
I had that happen to me. However when I played it definitely seemed like I was actually in the T2 morningstar, stats wise, but it showed t4.
Maybe I'm just godawful. Should a t4 morningstar make quick work of destroyers? It didn't seem to make a difference.
You still can, you're just vulnerable for the first five seconds. Which as it should be. Why do you get a free low risk advantage?
It probably helps that he doesn't dress like a thug.
Uhh define cheap. The t3s are very cheap by the standards of the people with enough sp to use them.
No links 4 you!
Not really. This is what I've been doing for a while now and it works great.
You could say that about any nemesis that defeats him. "By failing to beat the enemy, he really just let himself down, therefore he beat himself." No, Mr. Incredible lost :)
You sat on a gate for waiting for the node to online? Dummy. You deserve your loss.
WHAT IS DEAD MAY NEVER DIE. Except RNK. They can die.
Wow ain't you an edgy scrublord. Elite high class pvp'er right here BOIS
Sounds like the only one not having fun is some washed-up bitter vet complaining in some internet forum that people aren't playing the game his way. THE RIGHT WAY.
It's ok to admit when you're wrong. No one here will judge you (none that matter anyways). I know you've strayed into the darkness, but I know you can find your way back to the light if you open your eyes. Also stop acting like a bitch (seriously), kthnxbai.
This right here is the nancy dot elite mentality. You don't even know what pubbie actually means, do you?
K fam.
Lol! I guess I struck a nerve. Dummy. Keep playing the game though, sounds like you provide lots of content for other people.
The officer armor membranes you'll find for sale in Jita local are your first go-to for bang/buck.
Huh?
Yawn. If only HK was as good as posting as they are at killing WH space.
Does the CFC fucking pay you to post. Jesus fucking Christ you post in every single thread.
Not anymore. They hard coded that change. They don't spawn till you jump through. The k162 side, that is.
Oh god boots you've become such a tri hard
See? Tri hard
huh
It was however one of the very few tools the public had to protect themselves from police. The odds are overwhelmingly stacked in the police's favor, so while this is "fair", it's unbalancing things for the public even more.
Uh...
Who the fuck told you they're garbage. Chimeras are amazing in a fleet. Here's a battle we had after the carrier changes were still relatively new. 14 carriers made the difference of another 80+ machariels. https://zkillboard.com/related/30002176/201605302100/ Just take a look at TRI's major battles and you'll see the power of the chimera. Also watch Lousy Lou (sp?)'s recent phoenix vids. Serious smack the fuck out of whoever was telling you they were both garbage ships.
Jesus christ I LOL every time I hear about the "wormhole blacklist" I think I'm on there. Look up "calmatt". Didn't stop me, and still doesn't. Just pulled at ~10 bil from a wormhole corp the other month. GG.
"Before citadels wormhole dudes were hardcore smart about locking the doors and bolting everything down." Ok let me stop you right there. Some certainly take pains to make it harder, but the fact of the matter is that it's not nearly as hard as most people claim it to be. Now my references may be dated as I haven't been full-time wormhole for a while, so if you don't know the names it's understandable. I robbed POSTHU, DEEP-, Lead farmers, Polarized/RCC, TLC, Pospy/Low-Class, COF, Hard Knocks and a dozen other shitlers with more isk that sense. Really all I wanted to point out was that wormholers are just as terrible with asset safety as your highsec carebears.
Things escalating juuuuuuuust enough for you to still kill the rorqual isn't exactly quickly.
You forgot to tag "Unpopular Opinion"
Don't cut yourself. Rly tho that's like /u/pubway level trash tier post +1
Jesus they are so absoluuuuuutely fucked its glorious.
Man was honestly distracted and got assaulted because its "tradition" and "hurrdurr queens guard make way hurrdurr". You really think he was trying to get run over by soldiers marching? Jesus.
I am 8x the content creator you'll ever aspire to be. And all I post are how to farm wormholes. GG. Also you don't have to link the username of the person you're replying to. They'll still get notified. N00b
At least you don't work in the warehouses. Apparently those guys get shit on
I still don't get it.
Mormons are people too. The craziest partiers/sex addicts I've known were mormon.
Wow fucking necro m8 ur just fiendin for those Blu links aintcha
Chto?
Sorry I don't speak stupid.
I once walked into the garage where my mom was on the computer when it froze or BSOD'ed or something, and she turns at me with a "WHAT DID YOU DO" look. I said "Prepare to Blame Matt in 5...4...!"
I personally want the people who kill me to know how elite I am.
Jesus christ self destruct your ships
There's a West Virginia? Huh TIL
You're like a fun vampire. Except of blood you just suck.
I didn't start this war but by God, I Will Finish It!
No one could not argue that. The EVE Gate is a local phenomenon in the Eve system. J-space is located in an entirely different cluster.
You are perpetually confused. How do you even function in life? Do you just bump off corners?
And then roleplay sex right?
So when in this process do you get to roleplay sex.
I think you care.
Small guns will lock you pretty damn quick. I did a sniping run in tornados once in a wormhole on a command ship sitting outside the shields, the time it took us to lock and turn around we were getting shot.
The reason they won't tell you before hand anything is because they want to be in person to pressure you once you hear the name. The only reason to be secretive is to hide something.
Are you still retarded?
It's a shame that a company I have spent **thousands** on would disrespect me so much by these shady practices. :|
You can't even deliver on silver you cheap fuck
Well "bear mace" is probably referring to the slightly higher concentrated mace spray. Real bear spray would melt your face, as it has to penetrate bear's protective coats.
Their porters got me into beer. 40 pounds later...
Four accounts. 5 thousand dollars spent so far for CCP. Unsubbed, listed top 1% whiner as reason
Four accounts down, for myself.
Hey that's entirely fair! Vote with your wallets, I say.
Thank you for your input! Your contributions are valuable to the community as a whole and everyone is better for [you sharing this space with us.] (https://pastebin.com/iVjLZDDc)
Take the derivative of the amount of fucks CCP gives about its playerbase and sum the area under the curve as the value approaches zero and you'll see that: the value was always zero. Pinch theorem applies: The limit above and below the curve is zero, therefore CCP gives zero fucks.
You're overplaying your hand.
I'm so fucking glad I didn't train heavy fighters.
Dude add me on steam, Calmatt89 let's be pubg friends.
Hey Jibrish! I understand deleting due to the megathread that's currently up. But I'm confused about your "brigading" comment. The only thing I can think of is I linked the thread a single time in a single outside source. Not exactly "brigading" but hey to each his own.
Personally I want the nullsec wormholes back, but tackling shit through a wormhole then bringing 20 ishtars isn't "small gang".
No you don't understand you're only allowed to bring less than the other guys, and you can't counter them in any way.
"a couple of surveys" for .50 cents? Literally less time looking for change in the ground.
The sequels looked worse, somehow
That's how you get ISDs shitlord
How would you know CCP is good with this? Third tier knowledge based off comments from other people? My face to face conversation with a CCP Dev laid out exactly how hard a time they have with tracking this stuff.
Million times better than the utterance you've spewed from your mouth-anus
Please use words
Low sec has much more traffic than null
Idk being constantly hunted by larger entities and still using them with no major loses for years...yea.(garsts Titans don't count)
I feel like it would be a different story if it was their own department. That's where the real issues are at, cops have always loved shitting on different branches of government.
Yes but late game civs can replace buildings super easy. Also even with the Nerf to survey corps I still max out my survey ships so my unity civs at still max tech civs
There was a post about the statistics of empire generation a while ago. Purifiers were pretty rare, generally only one per map. However they tend to be strong and survive into the late game.
There's a mod for it. No idea if it's current
See who else they're at war with. They're there
Did Marge harumph?
If you save a life you get to brag
Work at a bank, almost every single direct deposit issue I help people with is them not entering in their account number correctly or their routing number correctly, that's it. Call your local bank and ask them to read out your account number to you, and their routing number. **Write it down**
Wow you're sad.
Can confirm am murdered
But you confirmed your account number with a live representative at the bank, correct? People will sometimes include the check number that's often right next to the account number. Or read they're account number off of statements not realizing statements don't have the complete number, etc etc.
Well good on you, you are officially smarter than 99% of people out there.
This is why you're single. Beggars can't be choosers my man.
Hurting kids is just about the only thing cops get taken down for. You can murder a man but if he's black you're probably alright We also don't know​ the extent of any injuries
They get paid during summer, well most do as you get to choose if you want your real round money cut up I to "just during school" checks
What you're doing isn't "defending" it's QQ'ing. The fact that you can't tell the difference is just more amusement.
Lol
Lol not really. One dude is less autistic than the other is all that says. You put too much importance on "upvotes"
1v3 odds, still killed lots of your shit. GG.
You posted about getting harrased for salvaging trash from behind a pf changs, supposedly for "projects"
Yeah you're on crack
I had a scam corp scamming newbros in WH space, I'd report people in the forums who called me out as not "being relevent to the discussion" and got their posts snipped.
Yea but Iraq was across the seas Katrina mostly affected darkies but they were OUR darkies /s
That's not sprinting by any means, that's quick jogging, aka marathon runner speeds
Lolol Jesus you're unstable. Get help Buddy. I know I can't be the first to tell you that. You have to ask yourself, why do all these people say I need professional help?
No one understands you. Seriously, go get help.
How did rage infected tell non rage infected apart? :(
Please show me a feminist shaming post from Tumblr that bears any resemblance to what I said.
My name? Oh let me tell you my name. Uh, I'm confused. Because uh you know, like we're supposed to believe in the ministry, right? So is, uh, is the church and state supposed to be seperate? I'm confused cuz I never went to school. Right? Is a confused person get a resolution? I don't understand. You see, when you go like that, right, you have a cross, right. Two sticks, right. And that's how I felt when I was in Waterloo. Cuz when I walked in Waterloo and smiled at people, they treated me like a vampire. They used the cross and they went like this by not smiling at me. In Toronto, hey hi guys, you know me. Steve Spiros. Easy going? Those who know me, I'm a nobody. You understand? And you can't kill a person with no body. So, why am I afraid? I'm not afraid. I'm afraid of the boogeyman, who is the Boogeyman? You figure it out! I'm getting out of here. I'm going back to Waterloo where the vampires hang out! And I'm going to wear my sunglasses at night. You know why? Because women show their tits, have short skirts, and then they feel violated when I look at them! Why? Because I have sunglasses on and I'm weird. Uh, I'm from humberside. I'm sorry if I made a fool of humberside. But all those people who called me a sleepwalker, I woke up. now I'm going back to sleep because I'm going to be committed in an isolation room, because I'm going back to the ministry and allow them to perceive me as I am! A fuck up! Goodbye! Hey Toronto the good. Look at the square! It was a shithole when I worked here. Now it looks like New York Manhattan! Where are the bums? There's no bums here. Toronto doesn't have bums. But Waterloo, they're creating bums! They created me. Why? I don't know. Maybe it's the church. Talk to the pope, he knows everything. I had it! I'm gonna die! How can you die, when you're dead. Oh wait a second, I'm going to be crucified, right? I'm not going to raise my voice, because I'm committed to the Lord. I love you.
He never mentioned race, you did. The lady doth protest too loudly. Also the police have a verifiable, quantifiable slant with violence towards minorities.
The day I stopped ratting and just started buying Plex saved my life
Even trying to cash a non-chase check at chase isn't illegal. Chase COULD do it they just don't want to for non customers, since there's no recourse.
Ok I hate the cheeky overused tone of your videos but I'd gladly watch that. "Get away with the loot" aka mine for 5 hours
Is it fun having your ore stolen a total if 5 times
Come back jognnyboi
Honestly you'd think since they're trying to be so transaction minded, making it damn easy to spend money would be in their best interest.
They can't form for something they didn't know was there.
You know your eyes are already covered in salt water right.
Yea this doesn't seem right.
Sure you do buddy
Sure thing buddy.
This happened just down the road from me. 10 years ago this area was nice, now it's going to shit since all the assholes from Oakland/East Bay are getting priced out of their homes. You don't go to the supermarket around the corner past 7pm unless you want to get hit up for drugs and money by thugs.
Yes you can be charged. The charge may be returned (depending on whether you specified you didn't want overdraft protection), along with an overdraft fee. This fee will then most likely put you in the red, which after a few days will incur a negative balance fee, which will accumulate.
All it requires is 1.6 billion isk!
I've never heard of a demand debit account holder NOT being charged for overdrafts. Never. You're probably just not too clear on the particulars of your account, like most people are.
Take a look at the numbers of busts using the SWAT team in the last several years and what kind of raids they're used for. In reality the vast majority of swat raids are not used for dangerous situations but to try and nab incredibly small sized busts of drugs. And to kill dogs.
Sorry, that's just not true. SWAT is used for personal-sized busts of marijuana these days.
And banks will still charge you for that service. Putting you in the negative anyways. Instead of being negative the amount of the transaction + fee, you're just negative the fee.
Do you still live with your father?
The fact that you moved the same funds to your savings will now play against you in the future if they try to make a claim. Now you knowingly transferred the funds elsewhere, making any claim of not knowing bunk.
Sounds more like an argument against the cargo space than the t3c's carrying depots.
You're not understanding. You can choose to not have the item paid. They still get to charge you for attempting to spend money you didn't have. This is typically referred to as the NSF fee (non sufficient funds). This will then put you in the negative, and the only thing you can do about it at that point is to pay the fee, or contact the bank and hope they waive it. Or leave your accounts alone and get sent to collections.
Still not getting it. Try again :)
He doesn't play eve.
A member of my corp who should know better. Someone said "why is there a super wreck on field" followed by a collective "fuuuuuuuuuuuu"
For context, that specific state had an ordinance where a citizen can write a ticket against another citizen. He wrote the ticket against the officer in his position of a citizen. He also ticketed the same cop doing the same shit, twice.
If only that sword cut both ways. Become a cop, give another cop a ticket and watch your career flushed down the drains.
Don't know those names, areas, or histories I just remember him qq'ing in local after we killed his fleet, then killed his response fleet, then killed his t3 scout all the while he raged
Some guy shit posted on Reddit about a shitpost, dismissing an act of courage and valour while he ship spins waiting for the next F1 fleet
God no
