Doing it like the meta tag and content for the color a la Chrome for Android would be great although that may take time to the dev to implement and if the adoption by the subreddits moderators isn't that high will it pay off in the end?
Tier 0 won't let us down this time the deal is wrapped up lads, cock's tip slightly visible, for now...
I'm not concerned, Valdes has experience and can still perform given he gets enough minutes he sure will be a great keeper for us.
Wait, what?
This will be gone on 1.0, I saw updates on their repo today and it will load bigger files, a la Sublime Text (showing a indeterminate progress bar). Not sure about performance though.
Shall you be called Peter.
Roberto Carlos, that curve is almost impossible. He just loved to defy physics.
Banter aside, he has the right to be emotional, he played there and coached them at some point in his career. Even if he is to be sacked at the end of the season he knows the exigencies of the job he is taking and will certainly try to achieve them.
Começo a achar que ele violou alguma das filhas do LFV, só pode ter sido isso...
6M per year, let that sink in... if it's really an high investment I just hope he miserably fails.
Nice but wow that Google developers website looks really great.
Agreed!
ex vee eye eye.
Switching from Windows to Linux did wonders for me. More productivity and the command line integration is much better (remember having to add the environment path variables?)
Can't still comprehend how he turn to be so good after leaving.
Sorry but I do not agree, he is still a great defender, just gets mocked because he was unfortunate to be shamed by skilled footballers and then got that impression of average.
Get in touch with polymer team here: polymer.slack.com, there may be other guys who could give you some help too. You will probably learn better that way
If by 'offside' you mean Chellini's flesh in the stands, I agree.
I don't follow at all the match threads because not all creators take them seriously but I can't deny the banter that goes in those where OP brings the best of his dank memes repertoire alongside world class MSPaint skills.
That's what thinking in the Javascript way does for you.
For anyone trying to get in talk with the polymer team members, that's where you get an invite in your email.
I say Marco Silva would be today Benfica's head coach if Bruno de Carvalho didn't advance with his claims that he doesn't have to pay the rest of the contract to his former team coach. Truth is, he probably had this planned.
The *Matador* instinct!
Reminded me of Ronaldinho vs Bilbao. He plays much better with the national team!
What about Just A Gent?
RL Grime releasing a VIP? This is too good to be true.
If you really want this to have more exposure you should post it to /r/iama.
And I am here still waiting on the past VIPs tho...
damn fam the original was already fire af, this is straight nuclear bomb.
I understand spanish and no, "mates" doesn't mean he is learning english. But cocks out anyway.
Would be a way to explain but I doubt it is the path OP wants to go.
Don't want to make a bad impression about Notepad++ it's still a great text editor but Atom, SublimeText, Brackets offer better/more plugins (packages), the community takes a big part on this as well.
Oh then if you're looking for something free you should try implementing some kind of html parser, footballzz comes into mind.
Well we kind have one.
Surprised no one suggested Postman or Advanced Rest Client.
This guy looks like the Colombian Varane, so fast!
Too soon to write us off, Van Gaal is still probably on holidays.
Competition or nationality means fuck all mate.
Hey could you debounce the opening of posts? There are times I click twice in pictures/gifs/posts, not sure if it matters (data usage) since the app should cache those.
Great, nice to hear!
I will see, yesterday I checked the version and and I guess it was using the latest.
Fuck off 'true' fan.
Stil don't get why I'm being down voted. Glad it was sarcastic though.
There was no way we would splash this money in a kid if the scouts, manager and co didn't knew his potential. He adapted quickly to the league, shame he doesn't always get the required service.
lmao, you really did it?
Martial is a fucking beast.
Ronaldo is still very effective, despite his age I think he can easily keep playing at this level for 3 seasons.
This club and some of it's old fashioned ideas... it's beyond me.
Delusional, people shifting their opinions based in a match - seriously... We just came out from 8 winless matches, an embarrassing CL exit and poor football in overall since LvG took over Moeyes.
His problem is by sacrificing himself with the most simple situations, the lad simply has a go at it no matter what.
Tbh Rode is quite a good player... and you still need to play him to guarantee he improves his game - big potential on him.
Nowhere is safe.
I bet this one got a 0% probability, Louis said this is his last job - even his wife is mad at him for supposedly extending his stay here assuming he does well, 2016-17 is his last season coaching.
They don't give a shit by what I read...
that fucking first track, have my body based Flume
flume music knows no music genre, the lad is simply a electronic music magician
he got into melodic tunes, mat zo &amp; madeon type of music quite recently, hard hitting shit was what he used to produce.
yeah with Vince Staples, prolly named 'Lose Control', it's absolutely huge!
What's going on with him? Was being lauded as one of the best right backs in the game not long ago...
GET BACK MOTHERFKIN
Barca now reaping the fruits from the Messi Cloning Program.
we need hucci back asap
yayayayaya
bless u
No matter what we need to believe, I still like him - not so much his regression/long patch of poor form but we badly need to score.
This club's media always amazes me.
Next season, maybe.
A blessing in disguise - he's been awful as of late.
MoTM Memphis fucking Depay!
Agree with all except the shot on target (Darmian)
Equal? With how ridiculous we are playing away since LvG is the manager we would probably lose the replay.
TIL there's a football club named *Bath City*.
I don't really understand all this hatred... i'm I supposed to know from heart every single city that exists in this bloody country? Just because the city is named Bath I was trying to have a bit of fun, this place is really sour sometimes...
I would like to know about every city in this country but unfortunately I can't, I'm sorry for that. Haven't heard of Bath and there is probably much more cities unknown for me, being sincere right now.
I wasn't attempting to make a joke, we all know there are lots of controllers and customized buttons, that's why i'm asking.
I don't think one can be judged for not knowing about this city. Didn't know about it, don't really know why is it so weird to accept it - nobody is born taught.
Just by reading and imaging a testicular torsion my nuts cringed badly.
This is the second Serie A match I watch this season and was absolutely thrilled! Last minutes were so damn intense, heroics from the Sassuolo keeper but Inter didn't deserve to lose, dramatic penalty at the stoppage time.
Doubt it, we already have Herrera who sort of has the same role on our midfield.
That was hilarious.
Dude you gonna tell on his parents? Maybe Neymar can get hit wit shoe by his mom.
hm, may you consider providing some visual proof about that ass?
Don't get the downvotes at all but Loftus Cheek playstyle is very similar to Dele Alli's.
Oh yes, the tan lines and big buttocks...
lmao!
Good grief, not only the naming but the duo.
Oii Pogba, you saw that?
"touchline" the new word for LvG's seat.
For fucks sake, bloody hell.
https://i.imgur.com/1snYK0U.jpg
Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv (NGHTMRE remix) pleaaaaase 🙏🙏🙏
Cheers bot.
haha
It's Hazard, just because Chelsea is in a bad situation doesn't mean much - if he regains confidence he will be back in form.
Especially the goalkeepers, I'm shaking...
You must be new to the scene...
ok bro
Yeah that's it but the one I'm talking about doesn't have it so early on the track - just like the original but it is the second in order. edit: [yaaaas, I found it](https://www.dropbox.com/s/zcju3ajwnj8q3ri/FSS%2BLive.wav?dl=0)
looks like snapchat to me
She's absolutely stunning, ass is a 10/10.
can't wait to go full fanboy when RL follows up with smth like this
RL GRIME - FLOOD, FLOSS - ORIGINAL DON and Baauer - HARLEM SHAKE.
This is not OK and shouldn't be backed. Anyway, the fact he just lunges at the ball every time he needs to dispute it and always concedes a foul/gets carded is so recurrent I seriously believe he should work to avoid it.
Yup, it's a RIP. Credit to the guy at /r/flume, /u/whertsernert. I was surprised to not see it posted here quickly so just stepped up.
yup, and [soundcloud]( https://soundcloud.com/flume/never-be-like-you-feat-kai/s-bGEM8)
uh uh, while you're at it may be we can get the full EP? 😇
He said it! I DEMAND MORE FLUME BASED /u/xtrill
January will be fucking lit, new Flume and NGHTMRE - I will have a heart attack...
*LP
And they just equalised... Everton can't please no one for the sake of the banter these days.
Be the change you want to see.
Aaah, I heard this one on his youtube's channel. That track is fucking good.
And you did it.
damn, even the streamable video id is laughing at him. **es ke**
Pipette Up first, plz edit: xtrill delivers
Love u fam
inb4: OP got NGHTMRE's new EP link
Can put nothing wrong this guy, I seriously never seen such a quick jump and hype around a producer like this in the trap scene.
probably the guy who rolls their joints again
I don't get the appeal with marshmello, his songs are basic and share the same formula.
He got a boner as well.
He is born in Belgium.
What are those? Toad-like sneakers?
are you another intern?
This one bangs, perfect intro as well.
So are you Canadian or Lebanese?
It was during pre season, Barca are playing out of their minds right now.
Always felt uneasy with this girl, very Tori Black lookalike...
sho sho
Manuel Ferrara.
Flume - Smoke &amp; Retribution ft Vince Staples and Kucka ps: /u/whertsernert [is that you?]( http://imgur.com/KcLutcT) LOUDPVCK &amp; NGHTMRE - Click Clack Tommy Trash - Luv U Giv (NGHTMRE remix): [this](https://youtu.be/eGWTht9aYWU) 2:00 onwards
proof?
Ain't even complain, that's a given.
I have this weird feeling Mark Hughes will turn him into a beast and he will boose your midfield.
[tennyson](https://soundcloud.com/tennysonmusic) just discovered them via that Skrillex track (Stranger)
If this sub taught me correctly it is now called Bread with chor. You corrupt pleb, stop corrupting.
I still can't understand how sammy g produces such tracks, the same applies to mura masa. They're monsters.
w2c fam?
just calmly placing my sister in the negotiation table
4 replies and I was losing my belief this kind of comment would be made...
love that voice he uses in these tracks
Banta of the month, we should do a monthly census btw
That's some smoth fact. edit: *smother fact
that air wrench is insanity
It's a fucking disgrace what our club have become. I really don't enjoy this middle table team spirit.
For a make do fullback he does well, ofc you wont expect world class performances from him out of position but he does the job. He, Smalling, Martial and De Gea are our most consistent players - there's no reason to critique him like that to be honest.
Well this is actually only going to happen if a huge amount of coincidences misteriously go well.
There's no way Bellerin would leave Arsenal when they have a vhanve to win the PL plus Arsenal being a team that plays great football in overall.
How come it be kicking? Just use your wizardry.
I'm fine with that m8
The Man Utd drama train has no brakes.
In Washington.
timed transition for that good ol brag at your professor.
The fact you posted twice and I can give you double the upvotes is perfect m8!
Don't do that...
What in the fuck? There are people who really don't think before posting this kind of shit.
Phrasing
Fucking Swansea man...
Pretty sure they had their pints and co lots of times OP. Still irrelevant though...
That fits better for sure, made Louis Van Gaal his personal slut - I know our game plan is already figured out by most teams but with Monk it was different.
This is like the key change you do in FIFA, what the fuck is wrong with both teams?
Evra with the textbook FIFA interception.
I don't get why these comments get upvoted.
True, I tought his president said he would cost a fortune as well... no idea why Newcastle is a name in the table
Well if you ready to possibly pay £30m + for him.
Those are really critical and old codebases though... no way it will happen.
Wow and Microsoft actually gave it a good name.
not available for me
He is the real deal, would love to see us getting him as soon as possible, lots of clubs are already keen on him.
I'm sorry for living in Europe...
nice try rival team
Extremely inconsistent, however I think he can end being a great player with better decision making. He's still 21 after all, so that consistency may come with more games/experience.
lmao and Click Clack right below... *i NEED it*
Good times for the mexicans.
Same, was about to post a comment to argue with someone who said he hit his prime before leaving Atletico and came back out of it.
uh I tought he was injured
TIL
So how about you hand us a preview of said track dude? :) 🔥
gud, and fuck tidal man...
xTrill is always one step above us, the plebscites.
You're also the first that shazamed it
Yep that track is released earlier actually (tomorrow)
I very much doubt it will be released this week, the former is pretty likely to be.
https://i.instagram.com/zawhatthe such exquisite artwork I must say but is dope
It looks legit to me, anyone can just put the text there, that's true. [Here is the original btw](https://www.instagram.com/p/BAIpac_PGfQ/)
its going to be a lit february fam
yes it's his LP but he is actually a producer, no different than the others tho - it features hip hop artists so there's that
dunno - want it anyway tho
he was already know by the trap fam, ye harlem shake gave him much more exposure but he is really a talented producer some of his sounds are really weird but production is always on point
they are just taking the piss right now
wut theres a VIP? holy fuck
probably the best track in the LP for sure
yea we must enhance this a lil bit more
the album preview is tite, first and penultimate track are really dope but this one really sent shivers down my spine
:(
Google knows which websites you visit though
Shells is elementary
lmao at baauer creeping to the stage at the end
It's 5pm - 7pm in the UK when it premieres, yay
lots mate, nowhere is safe nowadays
It's Yellow Fucking Claw m8
http://www19.zippyshare.com/v/l8QzJ5Np/file.html
[me rn](http://i.imgur.com/lhjhbB9.gif)
as long as you love Electronic Dance Music you're in good hands here
the fresh keep on falling
[Can't hear ya, providing eargasms at the moment](http://www.rockfeedback.com/images/flume3.jpg)
Wait a moment where is the "Lose control, might lose control" verse? 😭
yea, hopefully someone remakes or flume releases that version
you were fucking right, Smoke &amp; Retribution is really different from the live rip at The Mayan
Where he mentioned this haha
this track doesn't rely so much on the vocals like the Kai feature, we all know that if he wants to easier reach other kinds of listeners this is prolly the unique way to go I personally like both, it's still a LP so expect much more diversity
even his babies are with me
bless u m8
too late ßAauer by the way: anyone still feels like Novelist alone could have been enough for this track? That grime part was going really good untill Leikeli comes, unfortunate short cameo from him
aluna is perfect for these edm songs, they will absolute tear it when they do more solo projects
Recognize? Beat's really heavy tho
is there smth i'm missing?
Oooooooohh
this track just fucking immolated my body
no one knows i guess
Didn't even get chances the poor lad
not importinh the std namespace m8
That "get back" sample is too repetitive...
the beat sounded a bit like the one on Rihanna - Work at tje beginning or I'm tripping?
instaupvote for Spongegar, that shit always cracks me up
don't you open up that window, don't you let out that TurboGrafx
uuuuuh, shit. Beast beat of 2013, that shit was sick.
Yeah, I don't see myself buying Tidal when I already have apple music subscription just because of the exclusives.
oh boy SS3 is what made me like Thugger even more, easily best mixtape so far this year. So much funny lines in there and his delivery is fantastic and unique in every track. Can't deny that his beats selection were absolutely on point o SS3 but that's the most fire SS, less tracks as well.
&gt;és um idiota -- /u/peduxe 1/6/16
(oh no) (straight up, straight up) (it's lit) (woooooo) his auto-tuned ad-libs on Uptown are some of the finest ad-libs I've ever heard, just Quavo's tops them.
Rihanna sometimes drop good music for the non pop people (Bitch Better Have My Money, Pour It Up) and she hot, the fuck u mean
I enjoyed more the flow on Drippin, he bodied that beat. I never thought Thugger screaming in a track would sound so good.
Have my doubts about him, sure Porto could have aimed higher, this appointment lacks ambition I think.
yes he did
well I'm sure Metro also has a lot of beats sitting to be used
yes, but Alexander Lewis and RL not too far from him.
I FEEL LIKE FALLING
Kanye West is a living meme my nigga, he kills me of laughter as much as that Spongegar meme.
fan we just take a moment to appreciate how on point this one Spongegar meme is? Doubt we'll top this one tbh
[Spongegar-illa](https://i.imgur.com/J4lk2Li.jpg)
I fucked up the title, my B - is all good.
[say that again cowboy](https://youtu.be/vMHT8jejPnY)
yup the ones used for A-Team, Wonderful, 3500 and Uber Everywhere are really dope. This screams exactly like another Antidote type cover and much like Antidote all over again, this track might blow up like Antidote because of it's upbeat vibe beats and catchy lyrics (tropical trap - does that even exist?). Except this time it isn't a loosie he dropped to pump his next project and is a single, 3500 was the single for Rodeo and Travis had luck with Antidote blowing like it did.
stay strong bro
Why isn't this available in the portuguese store but the new TM88 x Wiz is?
Kid Cudi just tweeted that Travis is almost finished with that 🔥 https://mobile.twitter.com/KidCudi/status/738573654229819394 Madeintyo did 4 hours ago, Vinylz, Cashmere Cat and other have been doing the same. hell why do I even keep my hopes up...
the nights I spent waiting for this song and took so many L's...
I DON'T CARE, PICK UP THE PHONE - IT'S BEAUTIFUL...
IT'S LIT 🔥 💀📞 can't wait for 320
I stayed watching a stupid Desiigner periscope, then I check KTT for a hot minute before going to bed and page index just advanced 30 pages like wtf this gon be good, and it was there my soundcloud notification 🔥
like they it always does, no, OP?
holy shit
fuck 300 entertainment, in their asses.
damn this is fucking good he looks mad af in Dynasty and 16 Shots is amazing
eh let me introduce you to the mixtape a lá Drake...
doesn't surprise me drake is the one with the most streamings on Spotify
Man if it is that track he, Cudi or Big Sean and Travis were showing on snapchat...
man you're not alone
Quavo voice is something delicious...
STR8 UP
in 2-5 minutes the lyrics should be locked as well
just like the old times
*Quavo with a voice better than Luciano Pavarotti*
I stand correct, that mf Lyor Cohen. And this nigga was playing it on his earbuds with that "I'm rich af resting face". What a mug.
he didn't produce this, maybe he was around when it was since he's been working with Travis. Vinylz and Frank Dudes with additional producing from Allen Ritter/Mike Dean. Mike Dean mixed it, that ending you hear is Mike Dean's synths - who also is responsible for shaping Travis Scott sound since Rodeo/DBR.
All I want is to stream it damn, Apple Music exclusives and not available in my country. Like, first reason why I subscribed and yet it shows no signs of appearing.
I might... LOSE IT!
Pop That music video immediately started playing in my mind
it's probably one of the formats Apple uses (AAC, ALAC). Most people aren't be able to notice the difference between 256kbps audio and 320kbps. It's just more space consuming and bandwidth for a final user who streams they probably think it's not worthy and rentable.
been saying: she suck on that dick on the plane I just called airhead the whole Digits hook ok ok ok ok ok ok I hop out I'm dabbin
Hope he partners with Kaytranada more times as well, Drive Me Crazy is dope.
I think he meant that the toilet water level is too high. Where I live there's no chance the spider would be able to climb back because the water level above the entrance you can see in toilets is almost non-existent the moments after you flush.
He's got a point tho and I agree with everything he said.
Yeah people here are joking but these socialites can boost a nigga's career heavy.
there's lot of people working under the main artists that no one sees, this is no shocking news - everyone should know this... even producers most of the time don't get the recognition they deserve. but people like Metro or Mustard go beyond just being in the shadow (participate in music videos, hella active in social media and so on), that's why they're more than a simple person on the studio crafting good beats.
this is good, dunno why hhh was shitting on it tbh
just enjoy the fucking music, man this is what I live by. Wish right now Meek Mill and other artists did a remix on Drug Dealers Anonymous beat, shit goes hard. I don't understand the fucking hate, people re-use and modify beats all the time, like, since ever - samples and shit, this is no news to anyone just enjoy the music.
yeah I saw it, damn he went hard
quavo and young thug have the best ad libs in the game
Travis Scott - Don't Play, Bandz, Sloppy Toppy Drake - Worst Behavior, Know Yourself Future - Fuck Up Some Commas, Groupies Young Thug - With Them, With That Jazz Cartier - Tales, Stick and Move Lil Uzi Vert - Team Rocket Big Sean - Paradise, IDFU Vic Mensa - U Mad Kanye West - Freestyle 4 A$ap Rocky - Lord Pretty Flacko Jodie 2 (LPFJ2)
Yeah, his verse is dope but doesn't fit the song at all, that's really weird because on other songs with Travis he does actually come with lines in the context of the track.
legend, he is on Don't Play, Know Yourself and U With Me?, Sean's Blessings as well.
I might have already hear this out there, somewhere
demo was better amirite?
I still prefer the Intro, that was really a dope concept having and explaining both personalities in a song.
haha I had the same feeling in the beginning but it grow on me. It's really melodic, it was a day I was really high and say fuck it I will listen to this guy music. Never had listened to him and that melodic part with the autotune had me feeling in heaven.
damn that's fucked up, I feel for Makonnen
Mike Dean is a genius tbh, he's crazy mixing and producing tracks. He's been executive producing most of Kanye and Travis discography, he's at the moment doing the same with Desiigner's first album.
he's a good live performer tbh, if he can broaden (no pun intended) what he does in the stage he'll be huge live
same can be said about A$ap Rocky, their sound and aesthetics are very similar and they seem to be the uniques right now experimenting the most in the genre.
It's already getting radio play. Summer hit with Pick Up The Phone and One Dance for sure.
doot doose
may be he didn't like his corny music
Metro Boomin x Southside, pretty much anything Metro is in is automatically a dinger. Shootout to Shoutside, the producers on 808Mafia also are consistent af
man this album has amazing production, no filler, good bars except for Ye all features are killer. How can one hate this. M'$, Excuse Me, LPFJ2, Electric Body and L$D have always been on my rotation since this dropped.
Tory Lanez is one of them, still not sure how he didn't blow up but he's really on the verge. Also, Jazz Cartier.
KING Troup, Halftime, Check, Pacifier, The Blanguage. Lil Uzi Vert vs The World mixtape if you like something similar to Thugger.
1 billion dollar of Euros is just too much money. I would retire from work for the rest of my life if I was him lol 1 billion = 1000 million euros, I would be so happy 😀
give me the money lol, you say that like 3k quid is easy to earn... there are other priorities in one's life
remember to play L$D
there are just situations where you can't really avoid, especially on the hiphop scene. Smoking weed, drinking lean and etc is common af between the artists. Plus there's always tiredness because you have a lot of days on tour, the stress to keep your career progressing, peer pressure might be a huge factor as well that you could end up just doing and gaining those habits.
He's good on the ball but sometimes he is too hesitant to pass it and looks clumsy - when he offloads the ball, most of the time he misplaces the pass and also exaggerates on the force he applies on the ball.
Jones stint at Man Utd is over.
are you in Australia?
So TLOP, Coloring Book and this? Chi is rocking this year
my only problem is with how he handled that "you my new bae" part.
in the intro of Innanetape he pronounces it like "innanet tape"
the demo was way too offensive, there was no way he would release it
Young Thug really is the weirdest case of trap music I've ever seen. This guy just sounds so good with all of his flows.
lmao, he probably had all the verses and hooks to Digits in 20 or less minutes. Thugger is a genius.
yeah don't think they he was going for a banger here. Songs like With Them or With That do make my whip bounce fr
Their tracks so far don't look like they will bang, may be because they don't sound that much convincing on them. I still have big hopes for them considering SremmLife was banger after banger None of those "singles?" top Throw Sum Mo or No Type imo
I think people who think like that just want him to improve what he says on most of those tracks. He and A$ap Rocky are experimenting with diverse influences the trap music they do and people probably believe they're really not about that wave of the typical ATL rapper that just makes bangers with no interesting substance. It's understandable, if you compare the comments regarding the lyricism of Young Thug or Travis you'll easily reach the conclusion that people want Travis to drop more remarkable lines.
whenever someone says me Young Thug tracks sound all the same I show them this. He bodied the hook on this, incredible how this track is so underrated
Valencia is a class act of a player.
If he wasn't this injury prone any club would like to have him. He could be one of the best attacking midfielders in the world if he played more games but that's unlikely to happen anytime soon.
Quavo is the Pavarotti of Hip-Hop.
but the input is buggy as hell in desktop version - just let it die. It is stupid they still forcely open the Messenger app on the play store to make you install it TWICE... I would be much happy if they disabled the chat function on the mobile web version completely.
lmaaaao why you edited ur comment
Would love us to get João Mario, I'm not too sure about André Gomes as he used to be inconsistent at times on Benfica. João Mario would be the tireless midfield beast we've been missing for a long time and is good finishing.
It's not that hard, it's just Quaresma that perfected it. Doing this is completely normal to him.
I think Ronaldo's huge mindset to be the best player ever and his hard working justify his career, Quaresma wouldn't probably reach his level but we'd better and more well renowned player if he had the same work rate.
But in his prime right?
right eye
yessssss, Eder will win us the Euros!
may be he is improving though - he was considered the best player signed in January during the 2nd half of the French league this will do wonders to his confidence
that's why Young Thug is still a huge level above them, also, is much more creative. I also like Uzi but I have my doubts about him staying for much time in the scene, Rich Homie Quan also fell off with no signs to be back.
incredibly accurate
He's actually announcing the album tracklist + features on twitter.
this track is just beautiful
Look on the snippets channel for Thugger on YouTube, he and his camp (Jerrika, etc) share parts of all of his songs and collabs, Young Thug probably has material already done for the next 10 years.
if you add %s (HTML whitespace) to the end of the link you can avoid reddit blocking you from submitting. Try between https/http as well.
For real man, I saw this infographic on a thread on /r/hiphopheads about Vince Staples (Hip-Hop/Rap artist) brother who died from xanax and kinda felt it would suit in this sub. Every gesture matters, even if this infographic didn't reach a lot of people consuming drugs but it sure could save some lives.
that's impressive, Young Thug is actually very creative. Even if he isn't dropping wise bars you can't lie he's technically very gifted.
that beat is so calming
this is a direct link to the source
this and 808mafia's sirens stamped all over the tracks - I cannot stand that, every 10 seconds that shit comes in. I would appreciate Fuck Up Some Commas if the damn siren wasn't there.
haha Young Thug went full jamaican in that part of the track
same, the music stops playing very often. radio streaming plays ~2-3 minutes and stops - needs app restart to work agin. if you pause music and put it on the background and come back again a few minutes after to play it, it starts playing from 0:00.
better than nothing, he can resell for big money or trade
it is a classic joke in /r/soccer, it was being talked a lot when James Rodriguez signed to Real Madrid - people were joking with Di Maria and James Rodriguez marketability, James was coming from a fantastic World Cup where he won Golden Boot and Di Maria was already put to sale after having solid displays during that season and a being a important piece on Real winning their 10th UCL. Resuming: Di Maria wouldn't sell as much tees as James and Florentio Perez offloaded him.
http://i.imgur.com/jABTE2Y.jpg
well it's just since that time that I've seen more people always talking about that.
yeah I still remember these days, he was actually decent - maybe a Falcao like injury, who knows? He suffered a ACL in 2013 iirc
England will bottle it anyway
[the way the skools are laced... why?](http://www.kanyetothe.com/forum/Smileys/default/rsz_hpimlvi.png)
only thing nice is the wedidit cap lmao
haha Kaytranada's Lite Spots is playing right now :D
Kaytranada &lt;3
these wars are always stupid tbh, there's alternatives to everything - you don't need to devote your life to just one option
http://appleliveevents-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/222436-b/16faohbadfvoihjbadfvljhbphjb06/master/4500/4500.m3u8?t=YWxpc2FtaXg= this one is working well
"customizable" apple: "lol, you serious?"
ayy flume
too soon
inb4: we will open iOS too! (eh, not happening)
yup, writing code on any portable device other than a laptop is dumb edit: well it's like coding with legos no need to write and a coding keyboard - not so bad tho
[Apple Music app on Windows](http://img.creativemark.co.uk/uploads/images/035/12035/largeImg.jpg)
the mobile market is their biggest revenue area, it's perfectly normal
I don't think the "many" here is a significant part of the iPhone userbase tho. iMessage is something that just works without doing much setup and it's already baked into the system.
the fucking click bait, in the end they show you cards instead of the fucking gameplay wtf
most underrated player, that's true - he is not that flashy and Serie A isn't as popular as the EPL or Ligue 1 but he's one of the most complete CBs nowadays
I still think 70 million is way too much for a player with Laporte's current ability. Let's not forget defenders don't usually movement such transfer fees. may be in installments, bonus and what not but I think Athletic Bilbao don't make these kind of deals.
We'll probably be one of the top 5 highest earners in the club at the moment. Good choice if he really likes playing there, in 4 years he'll be 25/26 and still about to enter his peak. Still a starter in the club and gets ton of experience, good choice.
can you have group chats using SMS? I think that's just a basic feature to adopt Whatsapp/iMessage.
yup not even debatable, iPhones aren't even that big in Europe. Most iPhone users have Whatsapp and use iMessage for the casual SMS. this will be talked a lot here because Reddit's userbase is mostly US people
does nobody really use Whatsapp? I think knowing the market share on this would solve this assumption.
64gb tho... what kind of files are you storing in your phone haha? I still remember a year or two ago that 8gb internal was enough for me and I'm a power user.
oh yea, you're right
Vic Mensa is shit? Oh boy...
At least back then they ended causing danger to the keeper, nowadays it looks like he just wants to unleash his anger on the opposite team players.
ok I accept it but what kind of music do you like?
why do I feel like we open it most of the times lmao
This sub should be named "/r/football"
I thought this sub had more users from the US, anyway - I've suggested this a couple of times before and got burried in downvotes. [yep, according to this](http://imgur.com/a/iZZA3) 29% were born in the US and 33% reside there
buying into what Travis Scott says in 2016...
[belt](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hUh8J7Oai-M/hqdefault.jpg)
is this a trend?
at least we're not faded
http://www.kanyetothe.com/forum/Smileys/default/Jtqj3GI.png
és um gajo wavey memes extremamente leves.
Lex Luger u mean
that could be also down to who mixes the tracks but I agree with what you say
[following this](https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/4o8nn2/flying_lotus_is_going_off_on_twitter_right_now/) This might be one of the best analogies I've ever read though.
yup, I was born ready! [this had to be posted lmao](http://i.imgur.com/fC2xXVA.jpg)
ok, all the time
number 1 reason why at the moment I would rather use react-native.
oh fine, I interpreted it wrong then
not even worth opening it on my laptop, 4gb RAM i5 Linux x64 3 year machine so I'm better buying a new one - Android Studio is very sluggish, even just opening projects or fully starting the IDE after indexing. lately I've switched to react-native for the sake of keeping working on android developement. Android development always required a pretty good machine, at least 8gb RAM and a SSD otherwise it runs very slowly
developing on Android devtools has always been a stopgap (Android Studio) for me since the beginning, if you don't own a really high end machine you're granted boredom in every aspect of development - be it build times, UI freezes, uploading to device or emulator to debug, high CPU usage (etc, etc...) only time I felt like actually utilizing well the time spent on android development was with a 16gb RAM i7 2,2GHz mid-2015 macbook pro a friend lend me in a weekend.
you should work for them
fucking sad man, and he was doing great
And a better Touch ID. Shame because the 5/5S/SE designs are the best they have ever created.
Working with Frans Hoenk paid off for him and De Gea, both look much much better. Shame he's gone alongside Van Gaal.
Fade out the flair! ^*and* ^*we're* ^*next* ^*I* ^*feel*...
Jones is basically our Jack Wilshere. The class is always there but constant injuries have him look very dumb when brought into the game - routines are lost. I seriously hope he sorts that out this season.
I was impressed at how many didn't like it, knew it would grow to most people since the beginning.
try iTunes version. although I still think this mixtape is poorly mixed, All We Got is a little better compared to iTunes ver. but I still can't get over Kanye vocals being like 80% louder than Chance's-
is there any way to get thie from a unsupported country?
he needs to go now, he's just waiting his career waiting on the bench
"Fuck that guy's music, didn't even listen to it but it's shit nonetheless"
DJ Carnage.
I got lost in the comment chain
his last ep was flames. specially Rip N Dip and In The Cuts-
[\#22 jacket is Patta](https://www.patta.nl/collections/patta-nylon-logo-coach-jacket-black)
this is applied to most questions that appear on Reddit.
wow, first Stans Smith i've seen and seriously would cop ^if ^they ^were ^slightly ^cheaper ^tho
I also don't understand the Ozweegos, but it's not all the time that I see them
thats it's just starting to get trendy with the women from where I live. rarely I've seen men with distressed jeans, except the cases where the distressing has fabric to close the holes ps. i'm from portugal (lisbon)
you wouldn't like to be called a full kit wanker as well. just having a shirt, long sleeved shirt or jacket in a fit is ok but probably just on matchdays where I live any football team shirt or Nike/Adidas sweatpants/trousers is enough to have people calling you a chav
&gt; Stone Island holy shit, the pieces are expensive af
wow thanks, and now I just downvoted you lol
I think artists and famous people in the music scene (hiphop/rap specially) get a pass on clothes. I also don't think people in the US like or dress like [Swae Lee](https://www.instagram.com/p/BFCoF_DK7Ic/?taken-by=fungswae) for example.
he's top 3 in the world in his position, not that easy to replace Neymar nowadays.
I know that PSG is a great team with no joke players, but as a whole Barca have been doing better. You don't win trophies alone.
hm, in which country do you live fam?
&gt;Update vote point count for comments in real time. wouldn't this have implications with the API rate limits? not sure if updating every second the comments vote count is what you mean.
*smaller cards
I like it because there's a lot of fit pics in the albums. Think of it as a normal inspo album.
LA FLAME
mas esse estudo da Vice tem como alvo pessoas de que país? pode parecer que está tudo ligado e etc mas isto varia muito com a sociedade onde vives.
oh yea, that needs to be added not having to fetch the comments again but just programmatically increase or decrease the vote count
I think the calculator might explode this time for us.
well the things it talks about tho and the track title... what could one expect haha
I respect anyone who makes their beats and sings them. Tyler or Kanye are one of those - I'm pretty sure Cherry Bomb and 808s and Heartbreak have all tracks produced by them.
yes but of course they won't take it off when, say only 5% of iPhone users are fine with it though. earphones are much more discreet, easier to carry and cheaper than headphones.
it's also important to know which country he's from, minimum wage is really diverse. well assuming he's on the US he might need to save a lot or pay in installments.
People here talking about future and all that but this sub is probably 90% tech people who are very open to these changes but even then, headphones cost much more, now imagine BT headphones prices. Majority of the iPhone users won't be happy with this. It's too early in my opinion - people won't invest this much in headphones when they already have the earphone experience (stops working fairly quick)
still a relatively new technology - I can't see this being a thing this year or the next. mind you, it's the first time i'm hearing about USB-C head/earphones. also: what if I want to listen to music while i'm charging my phone or with a power bank? I need to attach a dock or something else? doesn't make sense to go this way unless they provide two USB-C ports. would be much happy with USB-C instead of Lightning and keep the audio jack.
lmao, dudes were going in
look like some vintage Skools, I fw them.
&gt;Mike Will really has something special with them when u have these kind of beats in your lap...
Chav-core
I honestly don't know how CM and CMTV are runned and have profit. These guys legit have rejected journalists working for them... can you believe they once interrupted a match to livestream a funeral? Words can't describe this group, you need to watch them and observe the tragedy.
They have a generalist channel - let that sink in... 24 hours of this mediocrity in national tv.
"It was a once in a lifetime opportunity to watch this behavior"
[swich the camera wih a mic and they're set](http://mlb-s1-p.mlstatic.com/alca-laco-cabo-de-pulso-para-cmera-de-aco-gocase-protether-722701-MLB20387007114_082015-O.jpg)
what a beauty
holy fucking shit why?
Are you from the US, NA?
I don't dislike him and I know he's capable of a lot of things but we play worse this way.
so underrated that just today I know they exist
yea fuck that, I tought I was the only one... the slider is really the give up point on the new UI, they should revert - dunno why they're tuning parts of the Youtube app that are great and the rest stays shitty.
Sometimes I think people working at google do that just to show to their bosses they are actually doing something.
I don't like the tongue stitching on the Sk8-hi's as well, would rather have them black like the stitching on the b/w SB Zoom Janoskis I have a pair of b/w old skools (who doesn't lmao?), stiching is top3 selling point for me - they look dope
best streetwear is the one that combines the textbook "streetwear pieces" and formal pieces but I can't take you serious if you're wearing Chelsea Boots, Maison Margielas, special forces SWAT-core pieces or going full hypebeast with lots of Supreme, Bape and Vetements on your fit.
just not losing warranty when you flash would be ok for me.
Too Much Sauce is amazing... best track in there edit: Champagne Shower, Thot Hoe and Married To The Game are hot as well
Future always thinking about the kids. We just ate on January and he probably got at least two more mixtapes comin' out this year.
and it sounds freaking good, Lil Uzi for now keeps winning.
I find it hard to believe Thugger has beef with anyone, he looks like the most friendly in the hiphop scene
hopefully new Birds track :(
ok, cringe has started
I quite enjoy his dedication, looks like he pulled up there straight from a jet, still with his backpack on. And was hyping the event
CLOSE EYES, SEE THINGS.
This doesn't even feel like a music video. Ye did it for the gags and hype this video to unimaginable proportion. Now that's a big single.
piano in hiphop beats never let me down Kanye - Runaway Travis - Apple Pie / Maria I'm Drunk
lmao, I went to sleep 10 minutes before this shit dropped on tidal, now i wake up and it's deleted from Tidal. I think it's getting released today, Mike Dean tweeting "tomorrow night" and shit related to Travis album so if either drop I'm getting turnt af. Story of my life l... Work your magic Mike...
another one: only buy shit you come back to see lot of times for at least 2+ weeks (if it isn't pieces that sell out quick tho). it isn't worth dropping big check on things you'll get tired of too quick or don't have the right pieces to go with.
https://www.facebook.com/audioinproducao/photos/a.819875628026727.1073741833.478553078825652/1315550321792586/?type=3&amp;theater
quase 10, e este ainda se queixa haha o DBS ainda nem 1 ano deverá ter (ou está quase a fazer 1 ano desde o lançamento)
shesh, that trim...
what the fuck, we need M's &amp; V's in full. it sounded promising
snpachat became everyone's own social life channel they should seriously consider a Keeping Up With [insert username]" platform
/r/britishproblems
isn't this a loosie tho? this is a single? it's probably just to hype their upcoming album too
yup, that and the vans on OP pic aren't suede
and they're not suede
and the two patches where the laces go through and in the back, heel area
closest is probably the Ronin anorak, bet these are sold out as well - cost 1/2 of the price of the one on the pic but resell now probably is even more steep.
much better than Ye's shop $60~70 shipping costs - is that shit going sealed in a gold parcel on a class A plane passage?
holy shit, best anorak my eyes have ever seen. I might cop the black and camo. camo one is incredible. thank you mate
&gt; kyc vintage don't like those japanese shit but that Agora jacket is lit, u can't deny
I've been telling, since this nigga 1st show with that whole dabs spectacle and exquisite way to behave he would become a living meme.
uh, she?
I've always questioned why we celebrate with a party or meet after a loving one funeral is done. helps forget and move on but still feels weird to me
só estão agora a aceitar pessoas fora dos EUA que tinham sido rejeitadas uma primeira vez.
this tropical vibe trap tracks that are coming out recently are great, hope they stay.
I think that is now just his signature ad-lib haha the same way Travis has a lot of "it's lit" "oh no"
true to some extent but I wouldn't see you listening solely to a producer's beat there's artists doing that but they change completely their sound
yeah, SS3 was fire. generously impressed at that mixtape quality.
there's always someone who likes dude, lmao - get over it.
his kind of beats are constructed differently.
been know it would be hard to him to flop when he's working with Mike Dean. Not saying Desiigner isn't talented but Mike Dean influence on the scene is truly remarkable
Desiigner x Travis x Mike Dean. What a time to be alive
still up on tidal, try cleaning app cache https://www.instagram.com/p/BHN_x6egi99/
Travis Scott album tho in the next week and half I think
Soundcloud new paid streaming service allows this but I doubt it will be there. If he was about that, Rodeo would be uploaded there a long time ago.
I've never seen (not even actors) being as goofy as Desiigner. He should consider pursuing a career in TV or cinema if hiphop isn't for him or as a side job.
as far as trap rappers go, Desiigner sure isn't the worst. like, he actually got good bars
he said it himself at a concert
Tidal
that's what happens when u leave post replies notifications active
futebol 11? existem ligas em que equipas com pessoal sénior a aceitar jogadores novos. se for de rua o que não falta em Lisboa são campos ou ringues para isso, chegas lá e jogas. não acredito que não conheças nenhum amigo que jogue aos fins de semana ou assim futebol de rua
Krychowiak is still a Sevilla player
Our manager is a drawing engineer.
Pepe always becomes best Cb in the pitch when he plays for us, his antics are stupid and he is a cunt but his performances have always been stellar - got to give him that
oi, thank u bb
why are you ruining the joke?
top lad
