It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
Soaz is legitimately terrifying now. Where was this the last season with Fnatic.
I mean, they are Korea-like styling on teams at this point. This is silly and it might hurt them when they play better teams, but it's hilarious.
I think TL can beat a few Asian teams... not SKT, but some of the mid-tier Koreans and probably do well against SEA and China.
I know it didn't happen in that game, but can we just put Ezreal back into the garbage can that he belongs in? He doesn't *do* anything.
And Teemo winds up being top damage in games involving him more often than not too. Does that make him incredibly impactful? I see traditional Ezreal like a worse Corki and Blue Ez as a worst Urgot.
Why are they not fighting that? Fenix literally hit 4 with a stun and Jarvan and Alistar were both sub 500 health.
There will never be a worse Olafing than the original Eve gutting (and the slightly less impactful new Eve nerfs). Her original Olafing was more a DFG issue, though iirc.
Depending on my mood, I like to play in this meta. Some days, I just feel like being Maokai. Sometimes I feel like sitting on an ADC's face (whether mine or theirs) and making sure that my ADC is the only one doing damage. Then, sometimes, I feel like I want to play Fiora and then I realize "Oh wait, I can't do that! I won't be able to kill Maokai/Gragas/Nautilus at 20 minutes!" It's also really dull to watch, even when a top laner plays a "carry" (Rumble or Ryze basically). Laneswap meta is boring to me... it makes nothing interesting happen for 10 minutes in side lanes. Then, when you get standard lanes, it's a farm lane unless a Ryze is involved, in which case you can count on a TON of action in that lane. You'll get junglers there all the time, maybe a support here or there. And then, 10 minutes in, whether up 5 kills or down 5 kills, Ryze will hold the enemy top laner in place forever. Jungle farms forever, maybe tries a few halfhearted ganks. Mid lane is some combination of Azir/Cass/LB 95% of the time (only when two are banned will you see the super exciting AP Kog'maw... the more disgusting iteration of Ziggs), where the first two simply farm and try to be irritating or LB goes LOLOLOL I ONE SHOT YOU NOW and makes her opponent stay out of vision of her. ADC is literally Sivir, Urgot or Kalista. Kalista is the most interesting thing in the pro meta right now. Sivir is the ADC Ziggs. Urgot isn't an ADC. Support meta is at least somewhat diverse... some mages like Morg and Annie, some peelers like Janna, some engages like Thresh and Naut and then occasionally Bard, who people insist is actually a useful champion.
Kass, Zed, Ahri and TF are all not being played frequently (ie the only people playing them only play like 2 of the meta mids) because they either take way too long to be useful (Kassadin, somewhat TF), don't have the damage to kill people (Ahri, TF, somewhat Kass) or are able to be hardcountered out of the game by 25 minutes (Zed). Kass just doesn't have the damage he needs to deal with LB, Azir or Cass and he can't slow an AP Kog's farming. Ahri is just in a bad place in this meta. She has control mage damage with an assassin's kit. Cooldowns are way too long and mana costs way too high for her to get repetitive damage off. TF needs to snowball and, since the rest of the map would rather farm for 15 mins, he can't do that too well. And as for Zed, QSS. Zhonyas. GG. Urgot doesn't see much mid play anymore for some reason. I guess he doesn't get to bully Cassiopeia and Azir as much as mid laners would like. AP Kog and Varus are niche picks and Viktor still leaves me unimpressed for the most part. That's a good example of *why* Cass, Azir and LB are so strong. Viktor performs fine, but why pick Viktor when you can have Cassiopeia with an easier stun, more consistent damage, stronger scaling and inbuilt sustain only at the cost of a little range on the poke or an Azir, with longer range poke than Viktor, an escape, a great disengage tool ult and some of the safest farming AND poking in the game.
"Do I take the tank that can knock everyone away, the tank that can stun everyone, the tank that secures Baron/Dragon easily or the tank that can see everyone around her?" Your choice isn't too diverse. There are 3 super common junglers plus one that's starting to come back (unsuccessfully in many cases) and two that are comfort picks for various junglers. There are about 4 top laners: Ryze, Rumble, Maokai, Gnar. There are 3 common mids and a couple niche picks (Cass, Azir, LB then Kog, Varus, Urgot for a few). ADC is Kalista or Sivir unless one is banned, then default to a comfort pick. Support is the most diverse.
It was the fact that people only played "OP" stuff, like Nidalee, Jayce, Ezreal, etc. and would absolutely demolish you if you tried new stuff. Even if you get to throw out a cleaver every quarter second as Mundo, it just doesn't hold up to the machine gun Nidalee/Jayce lane.
Playing Combo Deathrattle priest. Sneeds is out. Opponent is at 17 health. Have the combo in my hand (Rivendare, Zombie Chow x2, Auchenai, circle). Opponent kills Sneeds. Illidan. 1 minion on board (Illidan). Play Rivendaire. Now 3. Chow #1. 5. Chow #2. 7. Try to play Auchenai. Fail. Play Circle.
No, now it's the 100%-20 with the E-W combo while being unkillable.
Likely would have clipped the Nexus, making it invuln.
For what it's worth, in my pitiful silver 4 ranked games, I snowball with Annie super hard. I start flask, never leave lane until I get a Needlessly Large Rod then work on getting my ADC as many assists as possible (I take the kills because it is still silver and I trust no one). Usually, by 25 mins I have a Ludens and at least Sorc Shoes, possibly another whole Needlessly Large Rod. At that point, I just play assassin Annie. I get Distortion fairly early and play "See ADC kill ADC". If you're not super ahead, though, you should probably consider going a more bruisery build. RoA (though it might be late for that by the time you realize you need it), Abyssal, Zhonya's, Rylai's. Basically in teamfights you are always going to look for an opportunity to Tibbers their backline, which is easier to do depending on the ADC and their tankline. I would never drop Tibbers on tanks unless you absolutely need to peel them off. If you can flash Tibbers onto 3+ people, do it (as long as your team is nearby). Usually, you can one shot someone and hit Zhonya's before they can really react.
If you aren't snowballing out of control, look to bruiser AP items. Annie can act as a pseudo tank fairly well with items like Rylai's, RoA, Abyssal and Zhonyas. Look to start with a Needlessly Large Rod, unless behind. If behind, rush RoA. If you can't pick up a few kills with the NLR, go Zhonya's. If you can, Luden's or Dcap is fine. If your team isn't snowballing after your one item, go for Rylai's or Abyssal. Basically, if you feel like your team has a lead and just needs to blow up fights quickly, go pure damage, triple Rod items. If you feel like your team isn't ahead and needs to win the long, drawn out fights, go bruisery.
I think they're good choices if you haven't gotten a lead. Annie wins fights be virtue of being overleveled a good portion of the time. An underleveled Annie with a Luden's is a lot less effective than an underleveled Annie with RoA and an Armguard.
While I like his stream, he is a terrible example of off-role play when he's stuck not going mid. He builds Full AP Janna support... He explains the little things about Annie very well and he even does a good job explaining things while playing his fallback Veigar, but he's lost playing Top (he plays Nasus and generally goes like 1/4/something), he has like one jungler (plus Annie, which I've never actually seen him do successfully, but it's something), he doesn't play ADC and his non-Annie support pool is the aforementioned AP Janna, featuring Zhonya's and Dcap.
It may be a difference in elo. I play in Silver, where I can reliably get onto a backline with a triple man Tibbers regardless of how the game is going. I've also seen a grand total of ONE Banshee's Veil on an ADC in my last 20 Annie games. If I'm stuck in a rough lane (HI LEBLANC), I build RoA. If I'm in an even or winning matchup, I rush Luden's, but I always feel like it doesn't really matter what I build when my Tibbers + W will almost always simultaneously one shot their ADC, mid laner and support.
Though, to be fair, he'd have to be eating brains for *months* and that was his big concern. He said "What's my greater good?" referring to the fact that Liv can tell herself she eats brains to catch murderers while he would eat brains and not have anything to make him feel better about it. And he would have to live the rest of his life, human or otherwise, knowing that he ate people.
It may work fine, but it's making a team oriented champion that *cannot solo carry through damage* have very little in the way of usual support utility. I'm fine with AP Sonas. I'm fine with AP Namis. Their heals aren't on their ultimates and they have fairly high scalings on their damage and utility ratios. Janna doesn't have good damage scaling. It's also somewhat of a bad habit to show lower elo players.
Well, duh. Most of us know that. I personally don't think she deserved to win even before the drug test happened. She was not the best leader.
Jwaow pls.
I really don't know what Element's plan was this game. Bard and Vayne work well together, but Gragas, Bard and Vayne all seem counterintuitive to the Ekko and Fizz.
Least Teemo support can stop an ADC from AAing for a second or two. His Bard is simply part of the enemy wombo combo somehow. I'm seriously waiting for a 5 man on own team Bard ult against Malph/Ori/Yasuo or some shit like that.
Leblanc says "Hi" Zed says "Hi" That is an assassins *job*. Your job is to pick off a priority target then get out and then take an objective. Yes, Ekko can blow up a carry. He can't blow up multiple carries unless they are idiotic and stand on him when he Zhonyas. He just doesn't have the pure damage in his basic kit to do so with an ability to get out. Where is IS too strong is the fact that he can zone like a control mage while being able to do assassin burst. His damage is fine for an assassin.
Alright let's stop with the "omg Ekko op" circlejerk. He is an assassin. He blows up a target fairly easily. His ult is the majority of his damage, yes, but it's also his safety blanket. Saying that it's OP that he can get onto a carry and get out... what would you prefer an assassin do? THAT IS THEIR FREAKING JOB. Leblanc does that right now. Zed used to (and still can if ahead). Akali can even assassinate fairly safely (situationally). Ekko cannot blow up a target easily and safely without his ult. His only "OP" part is his zoning. He should not be able to zone like Cass or Ori while doing the damage of Leblanc. Pick one side.
Leblanc. Throw Q onto carry, W-R. Entire team chunked to half, carry dead. Press W again and you're safe. Zed doesn't do as much AoE, but he sacrifices it for much more dueling safety and outplay potential than LB. Zed poke is also about on-par with Ekko. I said that his stun is OP because it gives him the zoning power of any control mage while being able to do assassin damage. The field needs to be visible at cast. The shield needs to be cut to about a third of what it is. The stun should be 1 sec vs champs.
He gets a one second window where he can't nope out. During that time he should, theoretically, be using his abilities and autoattacking. One second also isn't a ridiculous amount of time... basically just enough to hit him with a quick CC.
I think that's a cinderhulk Ekko. He has so much defense.
A lot of soloqueue junglers have been playing Cinderhulk Ekko.
This is hilariously bad. The bronze dives. The 1v2 0 damage Reksai. The fail Gragas ults.
Holy crap Gragas damage.
It's almost like people don't read the posts they're responding to. I said Ekko's W active (not the execute) needs to be nerfed. The stun duration should be lowered VS champs. It should be visible immediately. The shield scaling should be cut to about a third.
Hecarim is a great pick. I'm kinda unsure of the LB for Fenix, but he's in a winning matchup. If *anyone* can play Ekko jungle, it'd be Dom. Corki... yeah idk.
Up until a few months ago, he streamed in his language. Pretty sure this is normal.
That Sneaky heal-flash tower dive put him so far behind and got Ekko a kill to get sightstone. It may not seem like a lot, but stuff like that does really hurt.
Yes, but then he rapidly lost that CS lead with zero pressure on either side. Azir is supposed to be able to farm safely early, but he played terrified of LB despite a 20 CS lead. He also had no deep vision, despite a sightstone jungler (which is more the fault of Meteos than his own).
Why do you keep letting Quas get Hecarim?
I mean Quas has had nothing but great carry games on Hecarim this split. Why ban Rek'sai over Hecarim? Dom literally plays *every jungler in the game*
I mean, we got the offscreen Quas triple kill while Piglet ran away from XWX.
Answers is great, but I'll always like Good King Moggle Mog. I don't even know why...
Alright, let's take a champion who has a defined strength/weakness pattern and make him have less weakness. He's already a very safe champion to farm with in the mid game (little less safe early) and has a point-and-click suppression (the strongest non-displacement CC). You may think it wouldn't make him hard to deal with, but, due to slow the way slows are coded, a 90% slow wouldn't actually make his MS 1/10 of its actual number because of weird math involving softcaps. He would still be able to move at about the rate of someone withered AND exhausted, which is very slow but he gets to keep his target locked down and taking damage during its duration. His weakness is that he is easily dealt with by a team, but if he can avoid CC in a fight, his target dies without being able to react. It's the reason they nerfed Red smite in regards to Warwick... he could literally 75% an ADC with one ability that made them unable to move for a few seconds. Not every mage needs to be able to move/cast things, especially when it makes no sense for them to do so.
Ahh the ***********s. The universal language of salt.
Because I can still have fun in a lost cause game. I can make them waste their time more than I waste my own. I go into a game expecting it to take a while. If they want a ff20 game, I make damn sure that game goes for 40+ mins. I won't play another game most likely, anyway.
A good Volibear counter is also a functioning right mouse button. He is one of the most notoriously kitable champions in the game. His "gapcloser" times out fairly quickly, his only slow is melee range and his catch is also melee range. That's not to say he can't get onto a target and flip them, but usually it involves people already out of position and without flash.
I've always seen Q max since they made the armor shred increase per level. E max is outdated as I recall.
I'm not alone in thinking Vlad is a toxic champion, right? What is the counterplay to him that isn't "Ignite and shut down before level 9"?
So does Enochian refresh on Bliz 4 or Fire 4 cast? If it does, BLM rotation is just replacing Fire 4 for Fire, isn't it? And Sharpcast's best use will be for Thunder, won't it?
Lower potencies nearly across the board. Insta-cast CD makes heals do less. Mana costs are lower compared to WHM, but WHM gets free procs while AST gets quick procs. The think I'm a little ticked off about is that Diurnal Aspected Benefic doesn't seem incredibly useful. I may be undervaluing the regen potency, but it does half of a normal Benefic.
In your specific example, Salty Dog isn't played because its health is very low for its mana. The general rule is that you want more health than attack (but a decent amount of attack is necessary, which is why things like Mogu'shan Warden are bad), allowing the card to, most likely, trade with 2 cards. For example, say your opponent has a Kirin'tor Mage and some 3/2 out. Your yeti can kill either without dying, while your Tallstrider (5/4 for 4) dies to the 4/3. Specifically talking about BGH... it's so bad to get a card of yours killed by BGH. BGH has an effect that is only given by a FIVE MANA class card or a one mana + 2 cards class card. It also develops a 4/2, which is a low quality minion that can trade up with some 4 drops. The card can represent a swing in tempo (basically, the effectiveness of your mana use) of whatever the cost of your card is plus its own 3 mana body. Having BGH hit Salty Dog is one of those "Well that's not too bad" outcomes, because it's *only* an 8 mana swing. When you get to higher cost cards (like, god forbid, Deathwing), your opponent can literally negate your entire turn while only playing down 3 mana on their own.
And the best part is that the priest was probably thinking "Well, fuck... I'm stuck with this in my starting hand for 10 turns"
Can we just put Roccat out of their misery? This team is nothing like the team that got into the LCS. They don't pull out the interesting picks. They don't do anything aggressive, despite having one of the most aggressive junglers in EU. Vander can't make any plays anymore. I'm firmly in the "Nukeduck is not that bad" camp, but he's neither interesting to watch or helping to carry his team. At least Overpow was *interesting*.
I think you'll get more people against you about the excitement... I don't think anyone but the hardcore USA! USA! (read: idiots) fans think that NA is better than EU skill-wise, but a lot of people find the constant throw-fests entertaining.
How can you *hate* Mundo? *thunk* *thunk* *thunk* *groan* *thunk*
Not personally my thing. I try to watch Oddone's stream, but *holy fuck* is it painful. I swear he has the attitude of a typical soloqueue player but like 10x the skill. The only salt stream I will watch is Reynad in HS, but even that's mostly because of the bizarre shit that happens on HS streams occasionally.
2 months of out of game time for me = 9 days of logged in time.
Even if that were the case (don't think it is because Lux laser is an instant pulse while Ashe ult is a slow moving projectile), would Ashe flash to try to throw out the trick shot ult while being far too far away to follow up herself? Without it even guaranteeing a hit?
My two main champs lately have been Annie and Ekko. I can almost guarantee I could call at least two champs people would pick for me.
Xpecial is up there as well. He was always solid with TSM, but only reason I wouldn't automatically put him as at least top 2 is the fact that I don't know how much of their success is him and how much is Piglet.
It's not possible to appease both parties, unless you do EU before noon EST on Sat/Sun and NA afternoon EST. If you do a Thurs/Fri and Sat/Sun thing, you're always going to either catch EU people too late or NA people too early on Thurs/Fri. They *could* try something like Thurs/Sat and Fri/Sun for EU/NA. That would allow NA people to at least catch *one* day of the EU LCS, but that hurts the people who are going to the LCS matches (ie the paying customers) in the end and doesn't really solve the whole problem.
Some spells have longer wind-up times than others. I've yet to see actual evidence of Sej ult-flash being a thing and I don't trust Dom as a source of info... not because he's bad (I actually think he's a top jungler in the west), but because he is a troll. You're telling me that you think you can throw an Ezreal Q, flash and the Q will follow your flash? No, skillshots do not work like that for them. Ashe's ult is a very low wind-up, like Ezreal Q or Nid spears.
I don't think that it's *possible* to flash during the windup of those abilities is my point. I think you are either locked in place or the amount of serverside latency is too much to flash during the windup of the ability.
They played fairly well actually... then were like "We're winning so let's fuck around and fountain dive and shit"
Well, he's playing a Dark K"night" and the night is dark.
Hecarim is a disgusting champion. Why is he not being nerfed?
C9 just doesn't have damage. Bruiser Fizz isn't a teamfighter. Tank Ekko does no damage. Sivir is lower end damage for ADCs. Basically, their damage is 50% Azir, 35% Sivir, 10% Fizz and 5% Ekko... and Ashe+Kog'maw probably do more damage than the entire team combined.
Uh... I'm not even sure how that happened, but alright.
I was originally a BLM. I didn't really get too far (few halfhearted attempts at T9), but I wanted to try to heal. I got my Conjurer to like 17 and felt like that was not for me, so I started with my SCH. I didn't get to 50, but I wasn't the biggest fan. I started with AST once the expansion hit and I love it. I kinda wish the damage were slightly better (though I just got Gravity), but it's nice to actually heal with thought and not just let Eos sit there healing for you.
Easiest to hardest, based on my own observations as a healer... PLD&gt;WAR&gt;DRK Paladin is the typical "Wall" tank. They keep things on them and generally take fairly low damage. They also do very little damage themselves. Their cooldowns are icing on the cake, in non-raid settings usually, but they are the most durable. Before Dark Knights, Warriors were the DPS tank. Now, they're more of a happy middle ground. They don't do as much damage as a Dark Knight, but they don't take as much damage either. They aren't as durable as a Paladin, but they deal more damage. Warriors excel at AOE threat and self sustain. Warriors **will** take damage, but they have tools to bring themselves back up. You need to understand your cooldowns fairly well to play a Warrior, but can survive using them improperly. Dark Knights... oh Dark Knights. I loathe seeing them in DF right now, even as I get closer to 60. A Dark Knight will have a lot of the strengths of Warriors, but even stronger. Their AOE pulling is exceptional. They basically get a combination Flash (Paladin's aoe aggro... does 0 damage)/Overpower (Warrior's cone aggro... does damage in cone), where it will surround them like Flash but do damage like Overpower. Dark Knights need to manage so many things at once and if you let anything slip up... well you better hope your healer has some superpower heals coming your way. It's not uncommon for me to need to spam Benefic 2 and use Essential Dignity on CD on a Dark Knight for the majority of a run's trash. DRKs need to know precisely what they are doing at all times or they will get shredded about as fast as a Dragoon or Ninja.
Story is the big thing here. WoW has next to zero story to guide you... you just run zone to zone and collect things for people. In this game, your story will have you kill a literal embodiment of a god *within the first 15 hours of playtime*. There's no "hybrid" classes (except Arcanist, but even they can't effectively heal as a DPS or DPS as a heal). Healers are expected to DPS (and given tools to effectively do so) during lower periods of damage in order to kill things faster (which, in some cases, is necessary to kill things at all). All 3 tank classes feel unique enough, but can do everything effectively. Paladin's strength is survival while their weakness is damage. Warrior's strength is aggro while their weakness is survival. Dark Knight's strength is damage while their weakness is survival as well. Warriors are probably the most well-rounded of the tanks, while Paladins are the most simple and forgiving. Overall, "raiding" is much easier to pick up and leave than WoW. You don't have to wait an hour between bosses killing meaningless henchmen. I know very little about PvP in this game. I would suggest that you find a FC. It can be a little tough to find at first, but look for one with many ACTIVE players. I'm not sure what world you're on, but I happened to luck into an invite to a very active FC on Brynhildr within a day.
Oh, definitely. Warcraft is really lore intense, but lately they've made the lore in WoW "Oh this happened in this book (which you can buy on our website for the low, low price of $11.95!) and therefore we aren't going to tell you what happened to make the Warchief go back in time."
I thought they'd be fine. I didn't expect UOL or H2K to play well. I expected a dropoff for SK. I knew EL would fuck up. Figured they'd probably fight for top 3. People who outright said they would be terrible seriously underestimate Korean players that aren't on SKT. Sometimes I swear someone like Dade or Imp could come to either LCS and people would be like "They aren't on SKT so therefore shit." The one saying that Reignover would be bad because he was on a low-mid tier Korean team is just hilariously terrible.
Because people dismiss players with "Well they aren't on top Korean teams, so they MUST be shit." Even if they are only low to mid-tier players in the Korean scene (which I honestly don't think anymore... Reignover and Huni would probably be among the top half in Korea at their roles), just because they are Korean doesn't make them inferior to EU/NA talent. And why was Huni considered "bad" for being a soloqueue player? Isn't the new "bestest mid laner ever" a soloqueue prodigy with no competitive experience? At least Huni had immediate impact.
That's my situation every time I draft Deathwing... except it's turn 9.
Rek'sai is not the strongest soloqueue jungler, but in Competitive, she is literally the strongest because of the control she brings. Her passive is basically Quinn's vision area ability *permanently*, albeit without the ability to see exactly who is there. Unless her CC and damage is gutted to uselessness (to the effect of "can't knock up champions" and "all base damage and ratios cut in half"), she will always have a place. You *cannot* sneak up on a Rek'sai or her nearby teammates while she's moving. In soloqueue, where things are more disjointed, it can be difficult for her teammates to pay attention and usually they won't play around what knowledge they get properly anyway. Her damage is average and her CC is fairly difficult to land without flash.
I remember when the pro advice on playing Vayne was "Don't pick Vayne" not too long ago. Suddenly, Jinx got the nerf bat and then there's no top tier late game champs left.
Okay, how about Cassio, then?
RoA Annie builds work less and less the higher you get. Basically, Annie needs to win the game before important enemies get Banshees, or make them get Banshees so early that your ADC has an insurmountable lead. RoA makes you do less damage early, so you can't get your snowball on as fast. It will make you more relevant once they do get their MR items, however. You'll see that a lot of the higher tier Annie players (Annie Bot in particular), call RoA on Annie "training wheels." Usual build is Morello into situational Needlessly Large Rod item. Triple Rod builds are the norm, followed by (likely) a Void Staff. I personally get a NLR item before Morello just by safely farming for the first 6 or 7 mins.
I personally see no "need" for these rules, except possibly the legal issues with underage gambling. I'm not sure why it should fall on the mods to keep people from throwing money at people, legitimate or otherwise. People should exercise common sense with donating to internet strangers (who may or may not be who they say they are), but if they want to give their money to someone that they have not and likely will not meet, why stop them?
Most realms are fairly populated, with a few bordering on Full (to the point of queues being common). Honestly, I'd recommend finding a server that shows a good connection to you (some servers are located closer than others) and, of course, joining any friends who play already.
I don't have any knowledge of the realms I'm not on (Brynhildr by the way), so I wouldn't be the best source there. On most of them, you'll find similar groups of people though, so unless you know someone on the server, the one with the best connection is the best bet.
Deep down, I know that Vick isn't going to fumble in these clips, but HOLY CHRIST SLIDE.
Am I the only one that thinks Wilson is just an average QB with decent game knowledge? He is not the type of QB that will win you games. He also won't lose them, but generally he'll need a defense behind him. Defensive improvements notwithstanding, we don't have that yet.
It usually comes off condescendingly because of the context people use it in.
Heavensward is the best Whack-a-Mole game I've ever seen. Finish one quest, TWELVE pop up. "Oh, I'm finally done with the Moogles? Time to go do the Aery... Where did all these quests come from?" My only problem with it so far is wondering how I'll be leveling another class. I need breaks after an hour or two of sidequest spam... I can't even imagine how tedious the terrible fate exp spam or leve spam or dungeon spam will get.
I tend to run into more issues with tanks getting demolished (bad Dark Knights are relentless) than group heals, so I value the 5% healing potency and shields over the regen. I went through a dungeon where my DRK used his zombie CD 3 times, "died" and I barely got him back up in time. I may have been able to do so in Diurn, but it would do much less in keeping him alive while he's getting half hit.
I'm not the OP of the post. I'm breezing through everything by staying in Noct. I can easily keep everyone up. The closest I came to a wipe due to group damage was the end of the last boss of the Vault, where I was scraping the bottom of my MP pool for the last 5%.
Where did Altec go? Also, NA Teleport.
Piglet just keeps getting Daggers. Who needs lifesteal?
I don't get it... TL picked a team comp that would win teamfights, but cannot start them against a team that is nearly impossible to engage on in the first place.
I get that Xmithie is playing Eve, but he's not supposed to be invisible to his own team.
I respect Washington for somehow managing to find new and more entertaining ways to fail.
The Trundle seemed to be actively trolling from like the 3rd death on...
The defense was improperly built for a 3-4. Our LBs are strong, but not in coverage. Not a single one of them is a plus in coverage and they all rely on getting pressure. A 4-3 is better for us with our strong D-Line. Less LB pressure with that setup and Barwin gets better pressure for bat downs that way. As for the offense, this is a *pathetic* QB class. Outside the top 5, there is no one that seems to be ready to play in the NFL (and even in the top 5, they're questionable). This is not the draft to pick up your franchise QB in. Keep Bradford (possibly franchising him), draft a Guard or Tackle first round and get a good amount of secondary help. If you draft a 1st round QB, not only would it be a reach, but we'd almost certainly have Sanchez starting for us.
I'm pretty sure they've hired/fired at least 2 of those in the last 4 seasons.
Still think we win that one, at least.
We'd have to suffer through 3 games of Cousins doing dumb shit like kneeling in FG range to end the half to get there and watch them be systematically destroyed by whatever AFC team they play.
It's slow, Rylai's is core and it delays tankiness, which Singed needs. RoA is a cheaper item that provides similar benefits to Archangel's/Seraph's and building 3 pseudo-offensive items (RoA/Seraph's/Rylai's) is not doable.
I do not want to draft a QB before the 4th or 5th round. There is no real high end talent this year and there are much larger holes that need to be filled elsewhere.
No more Pats assistants.
Duce might be a decent OC, but I'd like to see Dawkins have a smaller role coaching first. Not saying he can't be a great coach, but how many former players jump from basically HS football coaching to full on defensive coordinating immediately?
I think everyone realized quickly that McDermott was not the problem and we unfairly blamed him for the way Reid got the last few years. Overly complacent.
We don't hate him... we just are frustrated that such a talented player (who shows it damn near every game) can screw up the simplest shit every week. He can make really nice, tough catches, then drop wide open easy TDs.
Based on my experiences: 1. Never. You can sometimes get away with both, but usually Rageblade&gt;IBG is the way to go 2. Fine item against Jax and when their ADC is going to be a threat. Strong 2nd item. Don't overcap CDR though. 3. TP usually better, ignite in lane that you have some early kill pressure in (any lane that isn't a super tank or someone that can destroy you early like Renekton) 4. I think Irelia is massively underrated. I feel like she's harder to deal with than Jax, but Jax still gets a ban every other game.
Trist isn't a reasonable comparison point. She has a far too safe early game for the mid-late strength she brings. When she sees consistent play (which she doesn't right now), I consider banning her because she is oppressive to play against unless you literally babysit her lane OR pick Quinn. Who legitimately needs to get a major hit of the nerfbat. Anyway, why is Tristana so broken? Massively long gapclose/escape. Medium attack range, scaling to highest base in game. AS Steroid. Free pushing the wave with E. Silly burst with E. Silly tower damage with E. Snowball reset on her massive range jump that is also triggered by detonating max stacks of E. GTFO me button that has a ridiculous base damage for a point and click ult. Unless you pick someone who can literally get her 2 levels down and 50+ CS down, you lose.
The stun still does move in bizarre ways after first hit and it tends to have a really large hitbox. Sometimes it looks like Amumu Q when it does that weird latch thing.
Warlock can do 12 with 3 cards and 5 mana or 24 with 4 cards and 10 mana. FoN isn't inherently broken, but Roar is. Everyone complains about the combo, but the combo isn't any more absurd than really any class's burst combos. Grom/Taskmaster or IR. Arcane Golem + POx2 + Faceless. Fireball+Fireball+Frostbolt. (not played but...) Auchenai+Chow x2 + Circle. Every burst spell from Shaman (Lightning Bolt x2, Lava burst, Crackle is 14-17 damage for 7 mana with potential for +4 from a spellpower)
I actually can't think of a class that would be scarier than Rogue with Doomhammer. I saw the title and I was like "Well guess that's better than the usual screenshot of people getting Gorehowl while giving Cursed Blade" until I saw the rogue.
Discard Warlock could potentially work, but I feel like Succubus wouldn't actually be of use. It just doesn't *do* anything. 4/3 for 2 with a discard is utterly awful regardless of synergy because it just dies to any real removal (Any of the 2 for 3 removal cards, 2 drop + ping or straight up 2 drop). Discard warlock might run Dark Bargain, if the deck tends to skew midrange.
I'd like a super impactful Demon Legendary with a cost of about 15. Maybe like a 15 mana 10/10 "If this card is discarded, instead play it." I toyed with it not being able to be removed by BGH or spells like Death, but that's probably far too strong for how early it can come out. I'm also wondering if a Felguard effect might be necessary too.
But Auchenai double Chow Circle! Wait, that's their removal combo too. Damnit.
Frost Queens is a good item, but I wouldn't build it anymore. It is getting nerfed and Morellos is going to be a better item. That said, you really can get away with no mana item until late game. Basically, rushed item should always be a Needlessly Large Rod item. I prefer Luden's. Zhonyas is something I only rush against Zed. Any other AD Assassin you can deal with without substantial armor early. I would get CDR boots here. Distortion is what you should buy eventually, but work it in when you can. I would USUALLY go Void of Dcap because people are finally getting smarter and rushing MR items against an Annie. Some tips: Don't be afraid to use your stun to farm if you need to. It's not ideal and you should play safe without your stun, but it comes back quick enough. RoA is a good item on Annie, but I would only build it in a lane that is not going to be fun for you. Leblanc is the big one. I would consider RoA&gt;Abyssal a very reasonable starting build path in that lane. For stun stacks, it depends on your ideal target. Do they have Banshees? Go in with 3 stacks and start with Q or W before Tibbers. Same for Sivir. If they're Sivir with Banshees, try to bait one without committing. If they're Sivir with Banshees and Morgana, just cry in a corner or something. Charge your stun up walking from base if you plan on going in quickly. It'll suck to have stun charged and walk back to an empty lane. Ability order is Q-W-Q-W-Q-R-E for levels 1-7. E is good for stacking passive, but is unnecessary early.
I thought the ideal Shaco start was buff&gt;jungler kill&gt;enemy buff&gt;jungler kill&gt;enemy buff
K Steve might be an okay Fiora.
That Braum stun saved them so much.
I just played with a Gragas jungle for the first time in weeks and I can see why now, honestly. First, he was never a soloqueue champion. His abilities are all very coordination based. Second, he doesn't do damage. At all. Q does about a caster minion auto. Ult does about as much as a blue Ez Q. The guy playing him did fine (excluding one time he broke up a 4 man stun I had, but w/e), but the champion provided no threat in fights. Why bother killing him when he doesn't do anything?
Keep him on the roster because he wasn't the worst thing ever? I don't expect *any* FA CB to be Woodson or Revis 5 years ago. Yes, he's not playing to his contract, but he played mediocre to okay, which is an improvement over the dumpster fires we've had in the secondary before.
TIL that you can lean your helmet into a hit as the receiver and get the call.
My favorite bot lane ever was Jinx/Karma. The sheer amount of level 1-2 poke in that lane is absurd.
Thing is, Maclin got a fair offer from us. He just got a stupidly overpaid offer elsewhere. For someone coming off the new version of rookie deals, money talks. Bradford has the luxury of actually choosing where he wants to play with a little less focus on money. I don't think anyone is going to massively overpay him the way Maclin was. He also has no hometown ties to anyone who would sign him.
I think Boldin is the guy to go for. If Welker had brain function left, I wouldn't mind seeing him, but he's basically at Lindros levels of concussion now. Percy Harvin... I'm so, so torn on him. On one hand, he's shown he can be a real threat. On the other, he's shown that he can vanish at times and he's been a team cancer sometimes. I'd love to make him a project like we did with Vick, but I don't feel like it would work out well.
AP Xin, which wasn't a serious thing, could solo Baron and backdoor inhib towers with Lich Bane/Nashors. Literally those two items. Deathcap did help, but wasn't entirely necessary mid game.
Give him the last year... he wasn't in a traditional offense and also had a shit O-line in front of him (that slightly improved later, after Chip had given up on him and/or he had given up on Chip)
It's mainly on Soaz right now tbh. He played well this game, but he's so hit or miss. At his best, he looks like the best Western top laner. At his worst, he goes 0/9 on a carry type champ.
Because PoE is going to be their mid laner when Peke does eventually decide he's not going to play at all anymore and step back. Might as well build the synergy up in Spring split, which has much less meaning than Summer.
New mid laner for the team and it's the split that means less in the grand scheme. If they look this shaky towards spring playoffs, then yeah they're in trouble.
Because he resigned some of our top players and somehow didn't put us up against the cap? Like I don't get why it's bad to preemptively lock people up and make the contracts in a way that the cap hit isn't crippling, regardless of the actual numbers.
Elements had the right team comp to beat it. It's like teamfighting vs Orianna... it's possible, but it's tough. If Elements were better (and weren't utter morons at level 1/2), they can split push OG to death with Fiora shoving in Poppy and Rek'sai occupying Lulu. Corki/Viktor/Zilean has so much poke vs Lucian/Lee/Alistar
In practice, a decent Annie will wreck Akali. Sure, she can jump on Annie, but Annie will possibly be able to get a pre-6 kill (something she is not good at without jungler help) and until Akali builds an Abyssal, Annie will one shot her.
I've always said I play Shitty Diana jungle because that is what Akali is. Diana is better than Akali in nearly every possible way.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Of the champs on that list, I would say TF isn't a lane counter. Reason he beats her is because his ult reveals her and champ.gg only covers plat+. Below plat, TF players won't think to do that as much. Brand is Brand Lux punishes people who jump on her straight on and also punishes short range. Leblanc should be no less than 6/0 before level 6 against Akali.
Yeah Fenix carried them for most of last split, but he's looking like a liability now. Fenix isn't an early game snowballer. I remember a game last year where he played Zed and, while he played EXTREMELY well in teamfights, his purpose was to bait spells and items, not kill. He baited exhausts, QSSes, Mikaels and Heals by just ulting and immediately taking the shadow back.
WHAT IS LOURLO DOING?
I'd like to point out Mash's awful greed flash for that kill.
He's playing fine this game. He's been pretty weak overall so far though.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
God Pirean and Mash are so, so bad... Pirean walked directly into that god damn Lux ult.
Oh my god Pirean
This is the most pathetic game I've ever seen.
THAT FUCKING CLEANSE FROM PIREAN Holy shit he has no awareness whatsoever. They were running away. They had no Lux ult.
He doesn't exert any pressure early in an early game meta, is the problem. He didn't make any real impact in that game until at least 15 minutes. If it were a better team, he isn't enough to bring that back from that deficit they had.
No, but they make up for it by not having the worst mana gating of any champion in the game. Her E costs 130 mana at max rank. Her full combo with two maxed abilities costs 300 mana. Lux gets to blow shit up because she gets a shit ton less spells to use than any other champs.
And? When did I say my team is playing well? This game was comically bad.
I don't think anything is wrong with the card. I think it's perfectly fine, but my suggestion is better than some of the suggestions people think would "balance" it.
I would argue reddit is at least representative of 30% of the player's opinions. Just because they aren't on reddit doesn't mean they disagree with what is said here. Saying only 1% of the playerbase is on reddit doesn't mean anything because it implies that everyone not on reddit doesn't have the same opinion.
A rough guess? Its silly to think that just because people aren't on reddit they can't share our opinions. I always see people throw out the 1% bullshit but acting like our ideas can be ignored because the community here is small ignores the fact that a good number not on here can and probably do share our opinions
I'm not overestimating our impact. I'm just saying it's dumb to discredit our opinions because small sample size. A small sample can in fact be representative of a population.
Annie and Sona are the only two I could ever justify it on now. While Zhonyas and Abyssal are great on bruiser-mage Annie, one shot wombo combo Annie needs pure AP and Void Staff. Flat pen is alright for her, but she needs to get the CDR for Tibbers somehow with that build. Also, Flash Tibbers. Sona, the same way but she's even more CDR dependent having only 2 true damaging abilities. It's a stretch to say mid Sona is really a thing, but it's a fun gimmick I like to pull out once in a while. Her build would typically be Morello/Lich/Ionian's for the 40% CDR. She's going to be literal paper Abyssal/Zhonyas or not if she builds more than one damage item. Also, again, Flash Crescendo. For both of them, Sorc is still pretty even all considered. For any other mage, Ionians are useless which is impressive considering they were literally the best mage boots not 4 patches ago.
The ability to engage like that is disgusting... jesus.
I think he actually IS allergic to tank items.
But that one time he got a 5 man Alistar combo to save Dig from relegations like a year and a half ago!
I don't get why giving Quas Swain isn't an option there... Wasn't he like, THE Swain player that one patch where Swain became meta top lane? Isn't Swain how he got challenger in NA from South America?
Him and Lourlo aren't doing great, but better than Fenix (the most passive Leblanc player in the world) and Matt (Alistar ult is like Trynd ult, right?).
But Alistar ult is obviously Trynd ult.
Except there's not enough mpen in the world to deal with Banshees/Visage/Maw/Mercurial/Merc Treads which gives enough AD and flat pen to auto the Karthi to death.
Can we talk about how not okay it is that a tick of Viktor ult literally half hit Ashe?
If IMT get locked in their base for 40 minutes, NRG might win with this comp. Top and Bot should both get slaughtered straight up and I just don't see Rek'sai able to help much.
Is Vlad+Swain on the same team viable? I just don't feel like there'd be enough lockdown there and you'd wind up with people just kiting back.
Where even WAS Quas in that last fight? How does a Maokai get deleted offscreen without the ADC hitting him?
We were but we all decayed because autofill.
It's not though. Vlad struggles early and Swain is a sitting duck pre-6 (and without flash in top lane). They have no real easy lockdown and until both get Rylai's, they can get kited to hell if they fight on even ground. When they're behind, they just can't drain tank because they get exploded.
That said, if you're playing something like Freeze mage and you lose both iceblocks, you lose. Or old Miracle Rogue losing Leeroy. Some decks can't risk overdraw because they might lose their one card that they need.
One. Just got it a few days ago. Fandral. I run him in a token style druid deck.
I don't think people had a problem with the "it was all a dream" thing, so much as the "WE WON THE LOTTERY AND SOMEHOW DEAL WITH CRIMINALS ON A TRAIN OR SOME SHIT!" After the stupidity that was the final season(give or take), I was actually okay with that ending because the money made the characters... less relatable I guess?
I really dislike Zilean mid. I just haven't seen it do anything.
Fenix had one of those "Xpeke what are you doing?" moments there, but one shot Apollo anyway.
I think a big problem is that playmaking supports are kinda out. We're seeing a lot more Soraka, Karma, Zyra, etc. which aren't really Aphro's style. He's an AMAZING Alistar-type support player, but just good at the mages.
Mana hog. Loses to AD. Countered by a meta support (braum). Low mobility. Telegraphed ability. Full out teamfighting is out honestly.
Weak mobility, low cc, really shines as a split pusher but can't tp as jungle. Picked support as disengage and tank counter.
Glad we think 10-6 is possible. I have to laugh at the people saying we'll be one of the worst in the league. Bradford is an adequate qb, we've got an o line again, our TEs are great and our safety and d line groups are among the best in the nfl, new coach or not. Our RB depth, WR inconsistency and CBs will hold us back from being truly competitive, but we'll finish +/- 1 Game of .500 on defensive talent alone.
You also have to account for Riot's luck streak for crits. If you don't crit with crit chance, the chance is slightly higher on your next attempt. The opposite is also true, where a crit lowers your relative chance for another.
Depends on what you're looking for. Do you want teamfight tank? Pick ~~Poppy~~ Malphite or Maokai. Bursty diver? Pick ~~Poppy~~ Fiora or Camille. Split push? ~~Poppy~~ Jax. Sustain mages tend to be underrated in top lane. Swain is secret OP again and Vlad's not bad once you understand his limits. TL: DR: Pick Poppy. Learn Poppy. Love Poppy. Poppy is everything.
Inhibs are always worth if there are other objectives you can get while it's down. If you take an inhib and lose Baron, Dragon or inhib towers, you fucked up. They will have to have someone constantly defending that lane if you force them elsewhere. The supers can and will take nexus towers alone. Basically, if you have an inhib down, strangle them out elsewhere. Sure, you lose a lane of experience, but you should have taken both buffs, Dragon and any outer/inner towers remaining because of that inhib
I assume alts will need to be 110 to buy AK levels?
Problem with Morellos to counter some heals is that it won't kick in until low health. That's a big deal against, say, Swain. Vlad, Illaoi and Soraka all tend to heal big at low health, but Swain consistently heals regardless of health level. Executioner's needs to be built in most cases. There's also no excuse to build a LDR over Mortal Reminder against any high sustain champion, as I've seen far too many ADCs do while I CAWCAWCAW all over their faces with Swain.
Riven will struggle vs ranged champs that can either bully hard early or escape her easily. Jayce is probably the best there. She'll also struggle with tankier melee champs that can trade early. Darius will struggle with champs that can hit and run and kite him. Ekko top as a tank just loses. As an assassin-mage, he'll struggle with tanks. Trundle struggles with ranged champs. Teemo struggles with non-auto attack reliant champs that can get on him and stay there. Renekton struggles with hard CC, kite and being outscaled. Poppy doesn't have counters. Illaoi struggles with people who can sidestep.
Ignoring the fact that you listed 90% of the meta mid laners right now, most of those aren't remotely safe. Cassiopeia is short range, low mobility and is very vulnerable pre-6. Syndra is squishy as fuck with a slow and stun. Bait them out and she dies (though she'll probably take you with her). TF sure as hell isn't safe... he gets fucked by things getting on top of him and his roaming playstyle is very high risk high reward. Morgana (AKA ResidentSleeper, the Mage) is "safe" but not very high impact. Lastly, on what planet is Ekko safe. Melee assassin with a delayed telegraphed CC, mediocre waveclear and his mobility is essentially a Vayne tumble if he's not jumping to something.
Lethality scales with levels and ADCs are the 2nd slowest role to level in the game. While a mid or top lane assassin will be 10, the ADC might be 8 still. Lethality will scale up quicker for a mid laner or top laner than an ADC
Vi and Eve are the most surefire ways to kill her. Assassin Eve can one shot her before she realizes. Vi has point and click inescapable CC, burst and shields (which are the only counter to Silver Bolts). Hecarim works if she misplays. All other Assassins can be outplayed by her fairly easily.
So my high school had 2 levels of computer programming. The first year class was like a guided tour through the wonders of Visual Basic. It was go at your own pace and the teacher was there as a resource and occasional lecturer. Most of us finished the book sometime in January, leaving us 4+ months to do our final project. Also, someone in years prior had loaded all these computers with Halo. Halo tournaments for 4 months was interesting. I took the 2nd year programming class and only 6 people signed up. The school decided to put the 2nd year class IN the 1st year class. The teacher was like "Well what the fuck do I do with this shit" and, knowing that 2 of my friends only took the class because I did (and the fact that it was a clear goof-off class) and already knew more about Java than he did said "Here, make something for me by the end of the year. I don't care what and if you have questions, ask them." This year, we played SC2, AoE and WC3 all year.
Except they introduced these core issues in beta, didn't listen to the numerous complaints from beta, push through the changes and say they can't fix the problems mid-xpac. Of course they can't! They were stubborn with their "vision" for the class and refused to admit it failed until they got us stuck with it. Afflic is probably the least awful to play. I personally never touched it, but as far as I can tell the effigy thing is garbage. The spec doesn't really have identity issues at least. Demo is now walking dots. You cast your dots. You keep your dots up. You cast ~~Malefic Grasp~~ Empower Demons to make your dots stronger and then you pretend you're useful with some Shadow/Demonbolts. Destruction is a slot machine because random = fun! Your artifact ability has a chance of doing a lot of damage at once, a medium amount 3 times and a piss poor amount a bunch of times. This is fine. However, you add in the fun mechanic of Destro mastery, around which a lot of Destro's base damage is balanced and you get some outlaw rogue slot machine shit going on. Your artifact ability procced 5% of your mastery? Too bad! You got the one shot one so you just used a 45 second CD incinerate! Remember the days of the good ol' 1M damage Chaos Bolt? Well now you get 200k damage chaos bolt and RNG 400k incinerates because having your spender randomly do less damage than your filler is fun! I get that Blizzard changes classes to avoid things getting stale, but you need to actively *improve* something to prevent that. They took away Afflic's first gimmick, gave them another and said "fuck it have the first one back too." They made Demo a calculator spec where the only skill lies in making sure you have the right combination of dots, I mean pets out. And to top it all off, they left Destruction, probably the spec most in need of an update, got rid of its unique things (Burning Embers are confusing apparently), made it clunkier (Oh hi again Life Tap) and finally MADE IT RELY ON A FUCKING DICE ROLL TO DO DAMAGE FOR NO GOD DAMN REASON.
This pretty much. Default Amumu order is E-W-Q-E max-Q max. EWQEmaxWmax is an option against beefier teams.
Who Framed Roger Rabbit. Not sure I remember why.
Elise and Eve are probably the best of the bunch in there. Elise requires a lot more skill while Eve tends to just one shot the ADC and run like hell. Rumble isn't quite as good in this jungle as before, but he can abuse talisman health regen on Raptors really well to survive early. Nidalee is dead. Don't do it. Kayle isn't a good jungler in this meta because she's low impact AND hyper scaling. While a lot of junglers that rely on 6 to be useful tend to get pushed out, she goes the extra mile by relying on 3-4 **items** to be useful. It's a crapshoot to survive lanes to let your WW hit 6 when there's a Lee Sin or Vi on the other side, but to try to survive 25+ minutes with a no control jungler? Fiddle is useless. His clears are gimmicky (pull Gromp and Blue simultaneously) and his teamfight impact falls apart the higher you go. Fizz jungle is... I really don't know actually? I haven't seen Fizz at all since his rework that simultaneously made him the weakest and strongest champ. Ekko works. Diana works. They both tend to work similarly early on, but Ekko can gank better.
A lot of people say Annie is the easiest champ in the game and, while she's simple mechanically, her macro play making is actually pretty involved. For the basics, she teaches basic last hitting really well, but on a more difficult note, she teaches: * Knowing Your Limits- Can I kill them? Can they kill me? Do I win this trade? * Looking for Plays- Is there an opportunity for that sick flash Tibbers on Jhin and Viktor? * Snowballing- Well my lane is dead, can I double kill bot?
Ward DEEP against her. Deal with her early. She can avoid a lot of the typical control ward spots pretty easily, so, while they help, they aren't 100% going to save you. Ward her camps so you see when she's taking them. Without the old Raptor smite buff, she can't clear them nearly as easily. Use the blue plant. If you want to ward things other than her camps, ward bushes near the camps... typically Eve players are going to be relaxed in their own jungle with their stealth compared to, say, river. Also, invade her. Shut down her early clears. While she clears fairly quick, she's a very squishy jungler. She also has horrendous dueling potential until at least Echoes is finished.
AP Jax Mid/jungle AP Sona Mid Full AP Amumu Top/supp
I could see it MAYBE MAYBE happening as a support pocket pick to counter something like Malz, but even that's a stretch. He'd be able to poke like, twice, but his W would negate any early pressure Malz could create and he's still Galio, the ult bot late game.
This. Say I'm Annie. It is 100% worth to flash Tibbers the ADC and any others possible 100% of the time. You'll probably die, but you killed a priority target and severely wounded one or more others. Generally, as a burst heavy champ or a tank, a death is fine as long as you did your job. Did you protect your carries/lock down theirs enough to win the fight but you died? Congrats, you just "carried" as a tank but your score would have been 0/1/X there. Did you kill important people/CC then enough to allow them to be picked up later but got eaten alive by the frontline afterwards? Cool, you just did your job even though you died and probably would be 2/1 from that.
Never, ever buy two Sheen items. The passive is unique and you will only get the stronger proc. In the case of IBG/TF, you do get the TF damage as well as the IBG slow, but it's inefficient. In the case of TF/LB, you only get either or. If you don't have much AP, you get the TF damage. If you do, you get the LB one. Follow up Triforce with a bulkier build. You're more along the lines of a Fiora or Irelia with AD Eve. Gunblade could work, but that is an awfully slow build for a champion that needs to snowball. Don't go Triforce into AP. For a Triforce build, I'd go blue/red smite (probably red) into Sheen&gt;boots&gt;TF&gt;Warrior or Cinder situationally&gt;Deadman's or a MR item of your choice. For an AP build, I'd go echoes&gt;sorcs&gt;protobelt&gt;Rylai's if even, LB if ahead. LB is a super heavy snowball item and is kinda a luxury.
Triforce won't provide similar damage to Lich Bane. Let's say Eve is level 11. She has 85 AD at this point, so TF deals 170 per proc. Lich Bane, meanwhile deals 63 plus 50% AP. This means that in order to deal the same damage, she needs about 200 AP (and Lich Bane comes with 80 on it). The more AP she builds, the farther the damage pulls ahead. Typically, before runes, I would have at least 120 from Protobelt and Echoes before building Lich Bane. The later the game goes, the more AP you'll need to make up 125% base AD though. If you take Triforce, though, you're committing to a more bruiser style build. Your proc will *never* be stronger than 200% base AD. With enough AP, Lich Bane procs can get downright silly (with Dcap and a bunch of AP health items, she'd easily have 600 AP, or a 300 damage nuke every 1.5 sec), but a lot of the value of Triforce comes from the chasing you get from Phage. You don't need to stick on them with AP builds because your goal is to one shot them, so phage tends to be redundant. Basically, Triforce builds, ironically deal heavy sustained mixed damage with autos and 70% bonus AD magic damage scaling Qs. Lich Bane builds deal heavy mixed damage burst with Lich Bane proc magic damage and 100% AP scaling physical damage Es. In the end, if you're building AP, the sheen proc isn't entirely necessary early as Eve can burst well with just Echoes and Protobelt. It comes in handy later to really make the enemy squishies hate life. In an AD build, though, you don't have nearly as much burst so the early spike of Trinity Force allows you to deal burst and sustained damage.
Zac is strong regardless of the keystone, but that makes him overpowered. His early clears are good. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. His early ganks are exceptional, having easily the longest (non-ult) engage range in the game as well as the most diverse gank paths outside Evelynn in a game where control wards don't exist. He scales exceptionally well for a tank. Unlike tanks like Maokai and Nautilus, his damage is always relevant (along the lines of something like a 1 offensive item Irelia) and his teamfighting is godly. His only weakness is that he's got the same problems as Amumu. Very invadable. Like Amumu, he clears well, but if he meets the enemy jungler, he's running if he's not getting help. Zac is my 2nd choice ban if Hecarim is banned already. As a jungle main, I feel capable of dealing with any other pick from any other role, but I feel like both of those are impossible to save my team from.
But you force him off the camp, which is really all that you need. Slow down his clear, make him struggle to get levels. You don't need to kill the enemy for an invade to be successful.
I guess I'm late here, but there's always that saying about nails on a chalkboard? Well I fucking hate using a chalkboard eraser. I'm actually cringing typing it... something about that dry rubbing feeling is so awful. It physically hurt me to write that sentence. When my schools started switching to expo boards, I was so fucking happy.
As someone who plays a lot of Ori in Silver/Gold elo, she's not a pick for heavy tower pressure. When I play her, I build very aggressive early and try to pressure my lane opponents out as quickly as possible with my passive and E. I tend to either go Lost Chapter into NLR or even just 2nd dorans into NLR. She can do some tower damage, but you really just want to get ahead and use your insane aoe damage to obliterate the enemy mid/adc in the mid-late game. You really shouldn't be away from your team unless they get caught without you and you decide you'd be better served shoving out lanes to better survive the push in when your team loses the fight. If you're looking for tower pressure and potential split pushing as a mid laner, look at Ziggs, Diana or Kassadin. Ziggs is being played bot lane right now because of how broken his W and passive are for tower damage plus bot lane's tissue paper turrets. The same things can happen mid lane though and late game he can take turrets quicker than Tryndamere. Diana is the premiere split push mid. Take TP, build Abyssal into tough AP matchups, Zhonyas into tough AD, Nashors into even matchups and then get the others in any order you choose afterwards. Not only does she get AS from her passive, but the on hit damage from it *applies to towers*. Build Lich Bane later on if you want and laugh at how (a) easy towers die and (b) how stupid this champion's burst is with literally a fiendish codex at level 6. Kassadin is the roaming king. His early game is absolute trash, but late game he's a monster assassin. He also takes towers pretty well, having an auto reset and easy Lich Bane procs.
Morellos gives 40 more AP, but also loses the lost chapter mana sustain on level up. NLR is over 1k cheaper than the full morello and you can still have the strong mana sustain of the 2nd dorans or lost chap. To me, the CDR isn't as useful as the raw power early, so I usually go 2nd dorans into ludens into morello if I can abuse my opponents easily.
Low barrier of entry in regards to skill
A few weeks ago there was a fed swain on the other team and no real tank. Tristana built 3rd item LDR. When asked why, she responds "Wukong (our jungler) has one already" Wukong proceeds to never damage swain and dies to the backline while I desperately try to get him low enough to proc morellos with tanky Annie.
The champion so stupid he gets stronger by feeding. With Nasus infinite scaling. And ranged Jarvan ult on a basic ability. Anyone else miss the design philosophy of "These champs have the most idiotic "mechanics" ever imagined, so let's make them so completely useless until 40 minutes damage-wise and hope no one notices." They got away with it with Veigar until someone realized "Hey, a ranged CC ability that instantly drops and basically forces flash or death if it comes near anyone doesn't need gold or silly items, so let's play Veigar support."
He was also never allowed to be a champion because of it. "Welp guys, Veigar's in this game so no one's allowed to build AP at all ever"
Ryze would pass on it. Needs the mana scaling stuff too much and is perfectly capable of either one shotting or constantly whittling down with his current builds. Of the meta mids, I could see Kat, Viktor, Syndra and possibly LB building it.
To be fair, at that point I'm not sure 6 Banshee's Veils could save him.
Also look at higher end of the ilvl spectrum and higher percentiles. Ele seems to scale better than most with gear and skill. The 99th percentile ele logs are like top 5.
Pobelter needs to realize that the shockwave is the only possible way to win there. It's not worth to maybe kill Ahri because that cooldown is the only thing making them even hesitate to go on the baron.
And then Pobelter does the KDA preservation bullshit and doesn't try to make a play. 3/0/0 looks good in a loss guys.
When will NA stop with Taliyah? I legitimately don't see what she does anymore. Her poke is mediocre. Her waveclear isn't amazing. She doesn't scale insanely well. Her strength is roaming, but you pick her with Kog'maw and into a nearly ungankable top lane and what does she do?
Can we just retire Taliyah like we did with NA Rengar? Or can teams at least realize Taliyah is a roaming champ that needs to snowball her team and picking her with 2 lanes that don't just lose but are total lost causes to gank is a laughably awful idea? On the flipside, Lulu alone cannot save a Kog'maw. You need at least a Shen or Ori. Karma mid works as well if you're set on Kled top. His only threats were Flash taunts and flash body slams. He can possibly survive those with 2 champs capable of supporting him, but with just the 1, he dies. That said, Arrow wasn't in the best position on either of his deaths. The one at dragon was him greeding for kills and the one at the end didn't matter because it was a lost cause, but he got flanked by a Shen. Inori ending world hunger early on with Elise didn't help matters.
Yep. My first kitchen job wasn't so much a line, but I worked Saute a lot. When I had to work with the other people in that kitchen I'd just walk off to grab something cursing everyone out under my breath. Couldn't be too loud with it because it was a Disney kitchen, but loud enough for my head chef to hear me once when I walked by.
P1 looks pitiful. I didn't see the game against NV, but I'm gonna guess Inori had another poor game?
I don't want to see the Elise for IMT with the Renekton top. It's a pick comp, but it's really betting a lot on winning early with no way to get through Lulu/Lee Sin if they don't catch Cait.
They just didn't have the damage in the late game. A Rumble that doesn't snowball just fails late game. Caitlyn doesn't come online until Rumble is off. Galio and Lee is a frontline, I suppose, but the Galio is your MID LANER. You have no reliable way to lock down a teamfight without an amazing flank with Galio ult.
Voy and QT are also streaming.
Holy shit that's her real accent? HOW
So wait... if that was the brain of the week, it doesn't seem like there's a personality change accompanying the Drake hallucinations. Are we actually going to see real Liv?
911 doesn't work like that. You get connected to an operator who sends emergency services to you.
He wasn't technically a zombie because she is. I mean is Liv's mom an zombie?
And from what seen, Caps is the only mid who should draw Ori bans. It feels like his best by far. Not Huh I ASol level, but close
Literally only on Swain. Betsy is EU's Keane.
What the fuck were those Gragas ults from Meteos? Like holy shit he was playing without an ult for the most part. And the sad part? He had infinitely more impact than Inori did in G1. P1 is really in a bad spot.
This is the fiesta to end all fiestas.
It also involved Pobelter trying to 1v1 the fed Varus repeatedly followed by NV (and Lira in particular) overextending for kills letting IMT back in. THEN Xmithie trying to insec people and losing teamfights because his team was just too far behind.
So with the Dshield meta, all in &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; poke. Blitzcrank is the ultimate all in champ. His strength is, and has always been, zoning. The hook isn't his strongest point so much as the *threat* of it. Imagine him as an even more feast/famine Thresh. You don't want to hook unless you are sure you can land it or burn a summoner because, without it, Blitzcrank is a melee creep.
Welcome back to season 3... Orianna vs Ahri every game.
Evelynn out of nowhere. I used to use her to climb a few seasons ago, but then I bought into the whole "Annie OP" hype and climbed with her for a while. Got bored and had mediocre success with my favorite champ Orianna, but decided I would try Eve again. She's literally the only jungler I have any kind of impact with anymore. I play AD Hybrid Eve (red warrior &gt; Triforce &gt; gunblade &gt; tank and/or GA) and just wreck everyone. I just don't get why I am better with a stealthy assassin style champ when my style's always been brute force power (Vi, Annie) or just farming for late (Ori).
I don't doubt that. In NFL history, 3 other QBs have ever had a lower int %... 2013 McCown (who somehow had 1 on 224), 2006 Damon Huard (WHO? 1 on 244) and 2016 Brady (2 on 432). We have 2 QBs on mediocre teams who had half season outliers (McCown played 8 and started 5, Huard played 10 started 8) and arguably the best QB in NFL history on a historically dominant team. Oh and he only played 12 games as well. Hell, in Brady's career, he's only had 2 seasons with sub 1% int rates. Actually, most of the sub 1% people were all flukes. Huard, McCown, Foles, Joe Ferguson, Steve DeBerg and David Garrard. There's also Bradford who had a low number last season and Prescott who history will show to be a fluke too ^^^hopefully
Some mages also can do it to delay their lost chapters. Mostly when very ahead (to allow guise or needlessly large rod rush) or behind (to allow spectres or armguard)
So I've been playing Eve (AD with Triforce Gunblade) lately and rarely feel like my team is struggling from having a squishy jungler, but sometimes I feel like I'd be better served with a tankier build. With how strong Titanic is this patch and how her E doublehits, could Titanic be good on Eve? I'm basically building like Jax right now as it is and even he switched to Titanic.
I love gunblade on Eve. She gets so much out of the revolver proc and some extra burst helps her finish people off.
But you don't build AP... you build tank after that. Red smite + warrior &gt; Sheen gets you through the early game. You can build sheen + revolver before finishing either for the added burst. Triforce also makes her slightly beefier and more capable of doing things that isn't just blowing up a champion. Also CDR is surprisingly strong on Eve... her E does SO MUCH BURST.
Oh look, Betsy losing on a non-sustain mage.
Betsy was inexcusable that game, especially after his game 1, but the Jinx problems were compositional. I can't imagine that if Hjarnan plays Ashe, his coach would opt for Jinx with absolutely 0 peel.
I'm saying that I build that when I don't need a tank. If I feel I need a tank, I'm looking for a tankier build so I can be somewhat of a frontline. Cinderhulk yes/no? Is Titanic Hydra good, or should I just stick with sheen items?
I get so fucking tilted by Janna. I will literally overkill that fucking bitch with everything I have. If I have to flash full combo her as Annie, I fucking will. FUCK Janna. Just watching how she completely cockblocks any champion who would even have the audacity to try to come near her makes me want to shut off the stream.
Is Bjergsen playing supports mid by choice or what? I get that DL literally just dragged that team kicking and screaming into a win in game 2, but why does Bjergsen have to go to fucking Karma mid the next game? He's like Froggen was... top tier mid, solo carrying their team... then he starts to play safer and safer until he no longer dies, but just watches his team crumble around him. And no one will admit it's his fault.
At some point, either Bjergsen or their coach needs to realize that Karma mid won't win them games. Yeah, he didn't die, but he *didn't do anything*. He existed. Congratulations.
Holy shit Balls' bicep.
Have you seen Bjergsen take over a lane in the past year? He's against Keane who is one of the weaker mids in NA. Bjergsen should be slamming his face into the ground. Instead, he gets to survive and even get massive on his Cassiopeia TWICE then picks a champion whose only real competitive strength is that he subtracts 1400g from each of the enemies. Every other top tier mid laner, even in the west, can dominate a lane. Perkz, Caps... even Pobelter sometimes.
Isn't Graves kinda dead?
Cody Sun of all people on Kog'maw with 0 peel. Oookay. Then the WildTurtle Jhin. What is this p/b?
Soul Leech for locks overall, Drain Life filler for Afflic in particular. Our afflic lock can literally stand in empowered liquid hellfire and not lose any health. His health bar does not move. Little less strong for the other specs, but the two of us are always the last two to die if a fight goes on and on.
Why is Hai literally always oom?
Isn't DD considered broken on champs that can use it? Why is Graves building BoRK?
I just don't see why you'd bring Graves back from the dead to go against Zac. The only possible thing I could see it being good for is killing the passive blobs.
Raging worgen?
I think neutral windfury needs to be severely understatted because buffs for some classes. Imagine if the valued windfury on a level with taunt or a beast tag. 4m3/5 windfury? 2/3/2 windfury? Windfury cards would get the shit played out of them in rogue and shaman.
45% cdr is a must. Don't feel bad buying a kindlegem and have it sit there until you find a use for it.
shaman card
She wasn't even a secret journalist though. She straight up said from the start THAT SHE WAS A FUCKING JOURNALIST. I hope she wasn't using him, but not sure as of now. Also, CDC plot thread vanished into thin air I guess?
Listen to how he's talking and tell me he isn't inting. "Better jungler wins. I'll make sure of that" "Oh damn, unlucky (really sarcastically)"
The only use I see for it is in either a protect the adc comp (his ult is dumb and peels well) or to enable a carry top. He is a lot more mid game focused than other tanks though. Also renekton is not a carry top.
And fnatic wins in the end
Only warlock spec it isn't broken for is Demo (my 880 arcano and 890 whispers will last me until fucking Mythic titanforges of anything in ToS). It's well below the big 3 (Metronome being the third). Max ilvl is weaker than a 915 Whispers.
No that's just dots and drain. Demo.
Just keep tweaking afflic down and ignore demo. I'm cool with that. Except for making the shoulders really awkward by having them refund 1 shard instead of 2, but w/e
Unless you severely snowball, you won't deal much overall as jungle. Look more for kill participation (how many kills were you involved in vs how many your team had). Look at your stats compared to enemy jungler. Look at team objectives like towers and neutrals.
I feel like they'll print deathrattle hate for cube.
So you have a glorified running back as your QB then. You're okay with this? Cam can make magic running the ball, but if I'm down 7 with a minute and a half to go and no time outs, do I want Cam Newton as my QB or do I want Wilson? Or Alex Smith? I might even take Dalton or Flacco because I can see them accurately throwing the ball. And what happens when a team contains him properly? The super bowl he couldn't carry that team with his arm. Against the Eagles this year, Cam contributed 310 yards of offense (239 pass, 71 rush) and 2 TDs (1 and 1). Awesome, right? Except he threw 28/52 and 3 picks. He had about 4 and a half yards per pass and a 17% INT ratio for the game.
Eagles schedule next year is scary as fuck. Entire NFC South (3 playoff teams and a Bucs team that isn't 5-11 bad), Rams, Vikings and AFC South (2 playoff teams, Houston who lit people up with Watson and the Colts who should have Luck back and not be as much of a dumpster fire)
So I just looked at our opponents next year and holy fuck is that a scary schedule. Saints, Jags, Rams, Titans, Bucs away and Panthers, Falcons, Texans, Colts, Vikings home. Assuming we won't start the season with Wentz, I hope we get Bucs, Titans, Colts and maybe Jags and Texans early because the rest are scary games.
Ornn is the bulldozer tank. They can't damage you if they all die instantly for some reason.
Because 100-0 deaths in a frame are frustrating but are what assassins do. So the logic is to make their burst delayed, which just makes the assassins irritating to play (Leblanc, Fizz, Evelynn, Graves fits here too despite not being an assassin) and their targets irritated because they still get 100-0ed.
So I'm nostalgic when I say that I hate everything about the Evelynn rework and have since day 1?
Something a lot of the reworks had in common was that they removed any way to build champions Riot didn't approve of. Evelynn was a hybrid champ. Now she has 0 AD scaling. Bruiser Nidalee is gone. AP Rengar is gone (though it was a meme build at best anyway). AP MF fell off with her rework.
It was closer to 50/50 as I recall. I personally played Red smite warrior&gt;Triforce&gt;Gunblade&gt;Tank. I rarely saw full AP. I'd see Echoes + Lich into tank or Gunblade + Echoes. The most "full AP" I saw was Echoes&gt;Protobelt&gt;Lich Bane, but that was rare.
It has an over 3 minute CD. It deals 250 base at level 6 and only a 75% AP scaling. I'll be generous and say Karthus went full AP and only has Void Staff for pen. He has 1000 AP because someone let him go full scale in his build and didn't punish it. His R deals 550+750 (1300) to everyone before MR. For people with *just* base MR he deals just under 1k. On an ult. With a 2 min CD at that point. His ult numbers have been nerfed so hard that it really isn't threatening unless you're on critical life.
I guess if you're going to call plat with just under 300 games low elo, sure. My stats are skewed because I played new Eve and hated every second early after rework, but I finished the season with a 57% winrate and 2.58 KDA. She was my second most played behind Orianna (which I won less and had a worse KDA on) and followed by my 71% win rate Kayn. Typically I went Red Smite &gt; Warror &gt; Sheen &gt; Revolver to get the strongest on-hit burst for mid game, then finished Triforce or Gunblade depending on what I needed. I'd sometimes go IBG if we needed more beef right away. I did still play AP eve occasionally based on comp needs, but AD always felt better for me.
Having unique ways you can build champions doesn't make them impossible to balance. I guarantee Riot never balanced with AP Rengar in mind. They tried to do some cutesy stuff with AP MF at one point (I remember it being one of their patch note jokes when they gave double up an AP ratio as I recall). AP MF was never tearing shit up. Why did the AD scaling need to go away from Eve? Take away enough base damage to make a total AD ratio cover it. It's not like she gets a full AP build as well as a full AD build... you don't get 500 AD and 600 AP. You get somewhere in the middle.
I had the 70% on Eve for the longest time. I tanked it back down because I liked playing Orianna (53% win rate). I'm not a one trick player because climbing isn't my primary concern. I played 61 Evelynn and 48 Kayn. I played 13 different champs 10 or more times and only had a sub 50% on 2. Kayn, Warwick, Mumu, Diana, Vi and Eve were my top performing (56 for Eve and Vi, 60+ on the rest). And my KDAs sucked across the board with very few over 2.5. Eve to me was not an assassin. She was capable of deleting squishies I caught (Red Smite E would near 1 shot someone with my build), but I played her as an initiator because, as you can see from my champions, I played a brute force style. I go in and I lock down for my AD, mid or top to clean up.
I won a lot with her early on and struggled in high gold and plat mmr. I'm not a mechanical player. I focus on macro to win, which is why I prefer champs with big GO signs on their kits. Like I said, my top champs were all over 50% win rates and I was getting 20-25 LP per win. Overall I won 55% of my games on the season and just gave up when I hit my goal of Plat. A lot of more skill based champions that I enjoy playing but am not particularly good at hurt me. Fiora (44% in 16), Kha (3/9), Akali (42% in 12). I also had 12 champs I played 1-2 games on and lost all to go with only 4 champs I played 1-2 and won all on. I also remember being really streaky. My final push to Plat was an 11 game win streak starting in G2. I hit G1 at one point prior and lost 7 straight.
I didn't *play* in plat 5. Also, as I said, Eve's rework came before I made my final push. I switched to Kayn at that point and he was my #1 champ for the final month. I played about 10 ranked games of new Eve, which dropped my win rate down from its 70%.
When was the last time you'd seen anything other than bruiser Eve in competitive pre-rework? Or in challenger? AP Eve wasn't the primary build for a *long* time. I built more damage because I had the luxury of doing so, but in higher elo, she was a bruiser through and through. Warrior into tank was typical.
A lot of the top Korean junglers like Ambition had her as a pocket pick through S6. She was always a soloqueue pick for players like Moon, Meteos and Dom.
You're doing everything right as far as playstyle, but your gear is just never going to function. I'm similarly geared as far as ilvl and only have T20 2 set. I have 12k haste and I'm still low. I pull about the same numbers as you.
This is the coordinator that Packers fans have wanted gone for near a decade. Even after winning a ring in 2011. I would rather hire Dawkins, with no professional coaching experience at any level in the NFL over Capers, who has shown to be god awful.
I would have pursued Romo solely for memes, but Foles would 100% be my starter in the playoffs.
Like seriously how much have we been outscored in the 3rd quarter this season? It's gotta be 250+ right?
Saquon is undoubtedly a top 10 pick. He's likely a top 5 pick. We are obviously not picking near the top 10 and we don't have the draft capital to make a move up in order to take him (nor should we if we had said picks). We absolutely need offensive line help. Assuming JP can play again, we still need his (or, more specifically, Lane's RT replacement) inevitable replacement. I have not seen it from Vaitai. Our guard situation is also suspect. Wis and Brooks have been incredible this season, but our next options (Semualo and Warmack) have been atrocious when needed, with slight improvements in the final 2 games. Kelce is also an enigma... he played like the best center in the NFL this year, minus some inaccurate snaps, but just a year ago we wanted to *cut* him after a few down years. Lastly, Linebackers. We have Bradham and Kendricks (another player having an amazing year after us wanting him cut for cap space this offseason) to go with our lovely glass sculpture of a MLB. As with the OL, this unit is amazing when healthy. They aren't healthy. We need depth and eventual OLB replacements. For right now, I'd like someone who can come in and at least play at a starting LB level when Hicks shatters his jaw or has his arm spontaneously amputated in week 6. If, by some miracle Saquon slips to late teens, it *might* be worth a look, but a drop that far a RB like him raises many red flags.
This. So many people act like Stealth is instawin, but I've only ever lost solely because they can't trade into my stealthed minions and I run out of health. My must picks are almost always Staff of Summoning and Captured Flag. Justicar's is good on Pally always and not terrible on any others.
Imagine that's about as rare as pulling off Quel'delar or facing Tad.
There were people who outright wanted them *cut*. It wasn't entirely play related (cap space), but they still wanted them cut.
Cowboys same number of appearances as Chargers. Cowboys = Chargers
It does suck that your guys' window seemed to slam shut so quickly, though. You do still have Wilson, but your OL was never a strength and your defense has aged faster than any unit I've ever seen. Having all your young talent work at once is great, but then you get the problem of having 15 superstars coming up for contracts simultaneously. I'm worried the same will happen with the Eagles tbh. A lot of Eagles fans are saying the window is essentially centered on Wentz's rookie deal. I think they can compete past that, but it would require the amazing drafting to continue and a lot of defensive players to take discounts.
Injured in college plus in NFL over ~4 years means injury prone for a running QB. Don't worry, Aaron Rodgers and his entirely artificial collarbone are the picture of QB health, though.
Single great teams makes boring games. There's always going to be mediocrity out there, but ideally you want 5+ legitimate contenders in each conference. For the better part of the decade, there's been 3 at most in the AFC. The only time since 2002 that a QB not named Brady, Manning or Roethlisberger made the super bowl was the Ravens year, which was also the first time since 2006 that a bye team didn't make the super bowl. For sure there have been a handful of good games scattered around the playoffs, but in recent years the first few rounds are essentially "Who gets to sacrifice themselves to the gods." Take Texans-Raiders from last year for example. Raiders had the misfortune of losing Carr, but dear god was that the ugliest wild card round game ever followed by the easiest divisional round win for the Pats I can remember. And the NFC has been much better parity-wise in the past few years, with only 1 repeat NFC Champion in 8 years. And they haven't been demonstrably weaker than the AFC in that span (4-4, though they have lost 3 straight). The Pats make the AFC boring for non Pats/Steelers/Manning team fans.
Vick would be too polarizing a person for ESPN to hire. The backlash would likely be as bad as if they hadn't fired these guys (as terrible as that might seem). ESPN likes divisive opinions and hot takes. The don't like morality issues... especially being a Disney company.
So I noticed Embiid had 23 with 9 made shots and 4 FTs. So I realized he had to have made a 3. It was at this point that I realized Embiid is a 33% 3 point shooter in his career. Why is Embiid a 33% 3 point shooter in his career?
I mean the missed fg only happened because of the muffed punt. If you get to say they make it, I get to say they never attempt it because they don't muff the punt
Because different teams have different strengths and weaknesses. Eagles have a strong run game and run D but struggle against QBs with quick releases. We dominate the Panthers on paper (and in that game earlier). The Panthers beat the Vikings because the Vikings are more prone to giving up big plays in passing game and aren't as good against mobile QBs. Does that mean we're better than MIN?
I've just always loved Jacksonville. I remember when I was in middle school in the early-mid 2000s, my family took a vacation to Disney and wouldn't you know what the local game was? Eagles-Jags. I don't know why that made me like them, but I've rooted for them since. Even if I remember them winning that game. Edit: 2006, where they lost 13-7. Jags had 80 something passing yards.
They're about 2 games short of Eagles West every year. I'm rooting for the Jags. I'd basically rather any AFC team this weekend win over any other NFC team, then Steelers then a meteor ending the world then the Pats
Jalen Mills held Julio down decently well last year, though he did get burned but Julio dropped it. Not afraid of their run game and their OL looked suspect yesterday. Matt Ryan was a bit banged up.
Okay teal buns is a little less disgusting than the actual patties. But can we talk for a second about donating a thousand tickets to hurricane refugees? What is the purpose of that? "Sorry you're homeless without any worldly possessions. Have a ticket to our Playoff game" It seems in poor taste to me and is a bad PR stunt. I also don't know how it's relevant to the teal food, but it's there.
I know it's 99% memes and he's not really that dumb, but I can't help but see Eli as anything other than Forrest Gump. CBS would be dumb to let him go but Romo deserves primetime.
Really quick confirm on it. Wasn't even looked at super hard enough to warrant a full review. I think the only reason they questioned it was because the defender was freaking out for 15 fucking seconds. I guess that's the next step of whining to refs after PI calls. "But he juggled it ref!"
You see, because of physics, something can never totally be touching another so Shady never actually was touching the ground. He still isn't, but we only choose to note this semantic difference on this particular play.
Hard to catch when you're being tackled before the ball gets there.
I will laugh so fucking hard if Peterman comes in and leads them to a win over the best defense in the NFL.
I've been watching standings more than games because of my schedule, but I'd assumed they were kinda a bottom-feeder team so far this year. Until I looked at the other divisions. Last place in the Metro has 45 points. Last place in the Atlantic has 29. Second last has 37. Flyers would be 4th in the Atlantic.
I will never admire Brady because he is a smug asshole. And either a scam artist or delusional for his "brand"
Carolina can't stop them.
I hate Peyton as much as Brady as a side note. I don't think you can ever look up to a QB as an every-man, especially considering he basically became the best QB in the NFL in his 2nd season. He married a supermodel. He had to work, in so far as he had to keep a scholarship through school, but he was a full ride scholarship to Michigan. It's not like he came from nowhere.
This implies they can keep Saints offense off the field.
Yeah no one can pull off a 0 yard WR screen quite like him. I swear to god that play is the basis of every mediocre offensive team in the NFL.
You are up 21 to 3 at the half. You have the best rookie RB out there. You give him the same carries in the final 3 quarters as the first one. Yes, Alex Smith is capable of closing that game out, but without Kelce? Doubt it.
In my family they were public enemy no. 2. I'm not sure why because my family was basically Kenso bred until most of us moved to South Jersey. I guess we had a few people marry into Northern Jersey families so we had to tolerate a Giants fan or 10.
At my school, there is a mandated writing competency test that you need to take at the completion of your only real English course required. For this reason, English cannot be transferred from elsewhere. My school is a very liberal school in a very liberal state and this is being read by a very liberal department. My professor assured us before the test that we would be graded on our competency, not our views. She did, however warn us to remember our audience. She had said that a student whose paper she had glanced at (as only the grader is supposed to read these papers and they have final say) was technically flawless, but her topic led her to give off some very conservative views which someone clearly did not take kindly to in the English department. This student failed the writing test because of her political views and had to take a remedial class. The only saving grace of this for those with conservative viewpoints (which I do not have so I would not have had this issue) is that there are 3 topics you can choose from and at least one of them won't be politically charged in any way.
Nope, Johnson and Wales.
I think she was saying that she was supposed to say that opinions wouldn't affect your grade, but to be mindful of your audience. She also noted that she grades some papers herself and would never negate someone's work because of a disagreement of opinion.
I think her point was that under their rules they weren't supposed to but some graders hurt student's grades for their opinions. Also, as I recall, this girl had some horribly vile standpoint but supported it in the way expected of the class. It wasn't simply like "Gay marriage should be illegal" but something a lot more horrible and not even something anyone would consider (and I don't mean this as a challenge).
Movie was good. You are correct that it didn't add much, but it was still quite entertaining. And still has the distinction of being the best (and I mean best, not least bad) Zooey Deschanel movie. Jesus that girl is insufferable usually.
There need to be entire English classes on why that line is so fucking funny when it makes very little literal sense. It's not quite non sequitur, but something along those lines.
So I watched the TV series shortly after rereading the books for the 3rd time and I really can't stand TV Arthur Dent. He just annoys me for some reason. I couldn't get past it and idk why.
A 1br in the city (Providence) runs 950 plus utilities. We shared a room in a 2br for 800 all included up til' this month. Down to 400 and 425 plus utilities each now, so paying more but separate
I'm just shocked that Jennifer played the typical reality show game here *and won* for once. Whenever you see gambits and alliances in this show, it ends with you being at least being called for your BS straight up or worse, sent home over much more minor mistakes compared to others. She got lucky, in a way, that Dana had one of the biggest meltdowns I've seen anyone ever have so she had a reasonable target and couldn't go "I nominate Queen Perfection Dana because I think she doesn't get her hands dirty" or some shit like others have tried before. I respect Jennifer for the play and, importantly, I can see an actual person to her beyond being a competent cook. Her, Ben and Nick are easily the best cooks left day in and day out (Michelle is the most talented, but what's with her ups and downs), but Jennifer needs to develop head chef qualities quick. That was a good step.
Really not that many. A lot of players outside Shady we really at least made out even in retrospect. Lost Maclin, but he was a #3 at best in KC and has been atrocious (and injured) in Baltimore. Lost Desean, but he wasn't outstanding in WAS and sucks in TB. Shady got Kiko, who sucked for us but would up being big in getting Wentz. Every single secondary player I've seen come though here as the next Asante or next "Safety that isn't quite Dawkins" flamed out. I see them from time to time on other NFL squads. Byron Maxwell. Oh nice you made a play aaaand you got called for 2 DPIs in the next 3 plays. Pat Chung? Sick tackle dude, but you're incapable of covering anything. Kurt Coleman (this week) made a play and I was like "Hey that's a former Eagle who didn't turn out too bad." Literally next play, he was burnt toast.
If I gambled, I'd put some free money on Ajayi leading rusher. 12/1 isn't a bad payout for that and if they're gonna win, he's probably gonna carry it. Foles at 6/1 is weird and honestly, I think Wentz would have had *worse* odds because we likely wouldn't throw as much if he got us up early.
Elise looks hopeless. Like I'm actually laughing. She's not really a bad cook, so why is she fucking up so bad under pressure?
I can see her going before any of the remaining people except Robyn and maybe Elise. Nick, Milly, Jennifer and Benjamin are all too consistent and Michelle can easily be the black jacket meltdown.
Well, there goes my favorite (Jennifer) Guess I'm rooting for Robyn or Nick. I really dislike Michelle this season and give no real fuck about Milly or Benjamin. In the end, though, I guess I was right. Jennifer's first mistake sank her because she doesn't get the nine lives of Elise.
Take over the tailgate!
YO TORREY SMITH
Think it got killed in the wind and Torrey overran it.
Where, though? He's in the pocket and throwing it away over the middle is sketchy.
I'm going to feel real good about the second half if we can keep this close and continue to run well. Blount will blow tired defenders up later.
That play design was beautiful and I'm surprised we hadn't tried shit like that earlier this year.
He is always depressed as fuck with Eagles games. I hate when they play on NBC for that reason.
I can't breathe I'm laughing so hard That fucking Torrey Smith play. The fact that we got out with 1 sec left. The fact that we're down 1 because of a doinked PAT This is some prime Eagles football here
I've been laughing hysterically since that fucking failed interception for 20 yards. I can't stop. This team has transcended into comedy. This is some Harlem Globetrotters shit going on today.
Saw a tweet he was just chilling on bench. No trainers, or anything so no clue.
I don't get it with Darby. He gets burnt so much, but he plays textbook defense the rest of the time. He had perfect coverage on Julio on that third down.
We lost a lot of ST Aces because other teams learned the importance of ST, which drove their prices up. Braman and Maragos both aren't cheap for what are essentially 4th string LBs/Safeties.
It's almost like he's a veteran QB or something
He missed some guys and took a while to get going. He didn't make a throw that made me go "Wow" but there's a good and bad to that.
I think Pit has the more realistic chance, but the Jags have a better chance of beating Brady himself. PIT-NE will be a mid-high scoring game coming down to last possession. JAX-NE will be a low scoring game and it comes down to whether Brady makes mistakes.
Anyone else noticing a serious drop in O Holding calls this weekend? I picked out at least 6 going both ways in Eagles-Falcons and there was one on that 3rd down just now.
There are WRs that don't make that play.
I still don't think the Colts are better than 9 wins with Luck at 100%. Their team is too weak. Titans' coaching will hold them back when Houston gets healthy and it'll be a 2 horse race with Titans and Colts hovering around .500.
Two AFC divisional blowouts like usual to set up the normal AFCCG Wait, you're telling me it's 21-0 Jacksonville?
tfw Jags beat the Over alone. And aren't blowing them out.
You can't advance an onside kick and a second would have to come off the clock. The only plays for them involved a Jags fumble, whether on the actual kickoff or if they kick OOB and Bortles botches the kneel.
Start Teddy.
I remember the last time you gave up a 25 point lead on a neutral site.
What the fuck is 43 doing?
10 seconds left, 3rd and 10 from own 39. Pass 30 yards on sideline to Diggs, 43 for Saints tries to tackle him inbounds, wiffs, TD.
It's not a maximum of 6 challenges. If a team successfully challenges twice, they get a third. If they successfully challenge a third time ~~the ref crew is fired on the spot~~ they can challenge a fourth time.
I *rooted* for you **TWICE**
Say what you want, but it would be a huge test of my will should Dallas play them in the Super Bowl at some point. The only silver lining is that will never happen. Definitely not in the remainder of Brady's career, so my hatred may dull when they no longer have the most smug motherfucker ever as their QB.
Someone captioned it "Black Mirror: S5E1"
It's not even just an Eagles thing, but how often have you heard of people actually being attacked in stands (and I mean like beaten until bleeding, not one punch then immediately tackled by the swarm of sensible fans surrounding the guy). But snowballs at Santa Claus and batteries and all that. Eagles fans are all murderers waiting for an opportunity to kill and not normal people watching a football game.
Could be worse. I was pretty happy with the officiating overall last week for us (lot of letting them play... both sides got away with O Holding a ton in particular). That won't be the case with Hochuli. Just gotta hope it's an evenly called flag football game compared to our evenly called WWE event against the Falcons
I will forever remember Steratore for the Index Card play (as well as the look of "Am I really doing this?" on his face)
We'll get Eagles-Pats Officiated by Pete Morelli Every building in the city will suddenly transform from concrete to salt.
No, it's Skip providing actual commentary and not "DEM BOYZ" takes. He has no reason to trash talk the Eagles right now and he has no reason to hype Dallas because the Eagles are in and Dallas is not. He will almost assuredly pick Dallas to win the division next year (likely with a first round bye). The question remains whether he will give the Eagles enough credit to pull off a WC berth.
I'm convinced that stats mean nothing to PFF and it's a popularity contest. No way in hell was Vaitai a D this week. He was, at worst, a C+. Agholor is not a 55 if Torrey Smith is a 72 and Jeffery is a 78. Why is Wis a 50? Brooks a 42? PRob a 48? Is that a product of low number of snaps or something? Corey Graham &gt; Jenk and McLeod?
My point is, in a game situation, would he stop in the middle of a play and say "Okay, it's too risky to run. I might hurt myself. I need to throw this ball" I don't think so. I think he's such an intense player that he would run and risk reinjury in order to make a play.
He'll always be remembered as the guy who finally won this city a title. That said, I want absolutely no comparisons to the 07-08 era Phillies with this team. A flash of glory followed by 4 years of underachieving until it came crashing down. That team deserved so much more.
I like Vinovich, but this weekend reminded me why flags are a thing. BOTH sides got away with an amazing amount of holding (on the offensive side). Like I saw a bunch of plays the Eagles had that got helped with holds, then the Falcons had a bunch too and I was like "Well it's an EVENLY called game, at least" I appreciate letting them play, but at some point there has to be a middle ground between ticky tack calls on everything and no calls ever.
In the regular season, head refs have a crew assigned to them that they stick with, so when people say "Morelli sucks," they mean "Morelli's CREW sucks" In the playoffs, crews get blown up and the head ref gets different refs under him, but a lot of the same biases that the head ref has trickle through. Some refs are harder on PI calls, while some don't call O holding. Some watch pre-snap penalties religiously, while others miss someone jumping a half second early.
My city has no idea what a NY Style pizza is. Providence has *hundreds* of Italian restaurants, but every single place here has cardboard crusts. Thin, crispier than a potato chip and usually burnt. Legitimately, the best pizza I've had in Providence is Dominos. And it hurts my soul.
That's why I don't like Moe's. I'm not a burrito fan... especially with the beans. I typically get veggies, rice, meat and guac at Chipotle when I rarely go.
You will not find a Chinese take-out place that serves authentic Chinese food. Too much sugar in our Chinese, not enough salt.
Ironically, the only thing at Cheesecake Factory not made in-house is their Cheesecake. That comes from their bakeries.
Bonefish Grill. Cheating I guess because, let's be real, Bonefish and Flemings are higher end restaurants that happen to be national brands, but I've never had a bad meal at Bonefish.
Except, being the newest one, I'm expected to make up for everyone else doing the bare minimum. To the point where I'm doing 2x the work of the other people I work with and am threatened with being fired because I can't carry them.
I want to know why "experts" are saying that, not only are they even, but that the Vikings have the *better* run game. Ignore the fact their leading rusher averaged 50 a game while ours were both in the 60s with 5+ per for Ajayi. We had the 2nd best run offense in the NFL!
tbh 100% healthy Brady likely throws one against the Jags. He's really good at controlling the ball, but he's not the best ever. He's kinda streaky with his picks.
She's only 22? Jesus she looked older.
So beer or liquor for tomorrow? Beer means I'll be more coherent all day, but won't cut it in the worst case.
Why am I actually afraid of this Jaguars offense? Like fuck, they're a carbon copy of us with an every down back instead of an RBBC
I feel the opposite. The helmet hit was unavoidable but the PI was Bouye being a moron
**G**reatest **O**f **A**ll **T**ime
I am disgusted by this refereeing. The Pats have gotten away with SIX big penalties in the last 2 drives. SIX. After the ticky tack shit they called on Jacksonville earlier, that isn't right.
Disgusted by the no calls that game. In the second half alone I counted over 15 BLATANT offensive holds on Pats and one really bad DPI on that 3rd down before the drive that gave the Pats the lead.
If there's a doubt, why blow whistle though? Like seriously you can call it dead later but let the play run
He's gonna win it if your flair gets there 100%
Seriously... Foles has been dead on with every throw so far. Smith and Burton let him down on the first drive or we prob score there.
The offense is clicking in a way we haven't seen since Wentz. This is fucking amazing. Alshon Jeffery is BURNING fools today.
Straight up odds? I don't think I'd make that bet.
Clock only stops inside 4 mins. Running clock on all completions regardless
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
So the Jags found their offense earlier today and the Eagles found theirs now. Let's see if they can find it again in 2 weeks.
If anyone needs some sodium in their diet, go take a look at the game thread on the Vikings sub. Don't say anything, just bask in the glory. "Minnesotans should boycott all super bowl related activities. Including watching it. You seriously wanna watch these fucking dirty Philadelphians in our stadium? Jesus we should build a new one after this. Fuck those assholes."
Philadelphia +3 +3 +3
idk I think there's 2 or 3 northern teams that are pretty happy with this too.
I'm actually tearing up. I was 11 when they went last time so I wasn't really THAT into it. I can't believe how this feels.
My dad never got to see a super bowl win. I want this so bad. He passed away March 2016, right before we got Wentz. His last season with this team was that pathetic season that got Chip fired. He always expected the worst to happen, but every week he watched this team. I wish he were here to see this team.
I don't but CSN's showing the stadium and it doesn't look like anyone's left. There's fireworks and shit in the parking lot. This is fucking surreal.
I was actually crying thinking about my dad when time ran out. The way this feels is indescribable.
Nah. Pats vs NFC East team superbowl again! I like the sound of that one better.
Legit I don't think there's been a QB who has had as much of an up and down career as Nick Foles. Drafted by the Eagles, heralded as the savior after a CRAZY season. Regresses and ultimately loses his job to someone else. Floats around a bit, never catching on and gets resigned by the Eagles again as a backup. Then leads the team to the Super Bowl after the new savior gets hurt.
The problem is, this is what the Seahawks felt like. Then Russell Wilson ate a third of their cap.
I was amped until 1 EST so I'm on 4.
Brady makes mid level starter money. He's worth more
Also his wife makes more money than any NFL QB, so he doesn't *need* money.
I feel like that's a dropdown box error. Dolphins are right above alphabetically.
Team name, not city. D then E
If Foles is our starter, we clearly are still a playoff team, but probably not the 1 seed or even a bye team. That was Wentz. Wentz is also doing nearly as much in game coaching as Doug is now. He's a second year QB and he has major input in the offensive gameplan and playcalling WHILE ON THE FUCKING IR. Foles may win us the game, but Wentz did as much to win it too.
Seriously. Foles and Keenum both proved they deserve a chance to start somewhere and Bradford will probably catch a job somewhere for 2 games. Let's look at teams who undeniably need a QB. MIA, NYJ, CLE, DEN, ARI and arguably NYG, CIN, BUF and CHI That's 5 minimum for 3 players who are potential starters. Foles is gonna be on the team one more year, unless traded. Keenum is a free agent as is Bradford. There still aren't enough serviceable QBs to fill 32 teams, so you get teams running with QBs like Kizer and Brissett because *there is no other option*
Did Dawk and Celek overlap at all? Edit: Celek drafted 07, Dawk left after 08. Jesus Celek is old.
On the train, it looked like he fucking evaporated with the difference in speed, but he wasn't moving that fast. Lucky he didn't fall in between platform and train though.
I mean Teddy is supposed to be your guy, isn't he?
Dear fucking god the whole rebels plotline made that movie nearly unwatchable. I'm fairly certain this bitch is the worst character ever written.
San Diego fans are so mad at their team moving they get arrested in SD on gameday ^^^sarcasm
Our defense utterly suffocated CAR out of that game. We probably win that anyway. Foles did lead a game winning drive against LAR, but he would have had to score a ton in that game. Washington I think we still win x2 and the first NYG game, I'm not sure. Wentz didn't have the best game against SD, so I don't think Foles makes that game any different.
But is playoff Washington something we *want* to avoid? But really if we can pass NJ and get a home series, that's a big deal.
The point is that an arbitrary number makes someone think "Oh why not cut it off at a normal breakpoint and not 76.5?" instead of "Only 3 QBs had more accurate games ever" Cherrypicked stats don't ever come across well, while framing it like X number were better puts it in a way that is less likely to be made fun of.
Super low risk for high reward. I'm gonna say 99% sure this won't happen, but 15 bucks for a 1% chance at 210? Better chances than the lottery. How mad will you be if they win by 12 with a missed PAT or 19 with a 2 pt conversion that made sense at the time, but became unnecessary?
It's $15 for $210. That's not a lot for a decent sized payout. These are the best poor people should make. Low chances but really low bets. It won't cripple you if it doesn't happen, but it can be a real boon if it does.
Most of the places you'll get cheap (read: knockoff) jerseys are China based and 100% will not be here by the Super Bowl. If that's not a problem, there's a few good reliable ones.
I've never noticed a problem with mine. Some people say the numbers can look a little small if you put them next to a real one. Imagine some of the text on the patch on the lower left side isn't right and the tag is probably weird too, but I never cared to look.
Of course you'll be ecstatic that they won, but somewhere in your mind, you would curse Jake Elliott out for missing a PAT that cost you $210.
Two different ways of looking at gambling, I guess. I say the 15 is lost regardless of outcome and the positive outcome wins you 210, while the negative costs you 0. You're saying that you win 195 in the positive outcome and lose 15 in the negative. A missed PAT is all that stood from you being happy AND richer. If you make this kind of bet and just barely lose on it, even if the outcome is what you wanted, you'll always have a nagging feeling that you were *this* close to being $210 richer. It's why I'd probably bet against the Eagles in low amounts. If they win, they won and fuck yes. If they lose, oh well I made a little money to console me.
I've met many. A lot of them are in my culinary classes. THE CHICKEN CANNOT BE PINK. SALT IS A THING THAT MAKES THINGS TASTE BETTER. SALT IS NOT A COATING. YES MEATS STILL NEED MOISTURE. NO THE VEGETABLES SHOULD NOT BE BLACK. Like seriously, people need to learn how to use salt. If you don't salt things, you won't taste *anything*
I guess it's a fallacy I have from growing up with my mom buying scratchoffs where she'd say "If this 6 was a 4, I would've won 100k!" My point is it would be disappointing to bet on the highly unlikely range of scores (13-18 in favor of Eagles) and lose on 1 point due to something even stupid and small (like missing a PAT) happening.
I think the lack of salt is a more common problem than people oversalting. I think a lot of people don't remember they need to taste their food whenever possible. Not tasting is how you get bland food. In regards to the pink chicken... I don't think it's a problem of people thinking chicken can be pink, but people not knowing how to know when chicken is cooked plus inability to use a thermometer properly. But every god damn person here burns everything (and then tosses the pan in the dish pit and pretends it wasn't them).
I was 100% sure they'd win against Atlanta. I was about 45% on them beating Minnesota. I feel better against the Pats, honestly, but that might also be me not having the nerves of the NFC title game. I personally felt like a weight was lifted winning that game and I don't feel like there's as much pressure on them, so I feel more optimistic I guess.
He's not really this dumb, right?
Some victims (both real and imagined) have been paid "hush" money to make the story go away. I guess it's a form of blackmail if you're making up accusations and it's a settlement if they're legitimate.
And even BGN isn't especially amazing, but it's nice to have a "news" site that compiles all the Eagles stories that isn't Reddit.
Of course, but in general, you shouldn't be dredging your steaks in kosher salt. Your soup should not taste like the Dead Sea. Stuff like curing, go ahead. But remember there's usually some sugar in the dry cures to balance out the salt, which isn't really a seasoning agent but a dehydrator.
I've had my chef instructors curse out so many of my classmates for raw chicken this year. And we're 2nd year students in a 2 year program. Some of them weren't temping close to the bone (so the external area was temped properly, but inside was still undercooked) while others were just like "Oh it LOOKS done". And the problem I had with them was that we aren't under immense time constraints. Most of us were done our assignments 30 mins early and looking to help others. They'd cook the chicken immediately before service (we'd have either a mock service or a real lunch service serving to a dining room of students from other classes depending on which class we were in) and it would be raw and have to get recooked. Even on our practical exam, where our chef would grade us on our plates, we had people with raw chicken. IT'S NOT THAT FUCKING HARD PEOPLE.
Problem with doubling him is that they aren't afraid of swings and screens to Runs. I think taking those away makes Brady wait for routes to develop which gives our rush a chance to connect.
Annie is always Annie. Malz is dumb and requires minimal thought. Morgana if you're the supportive type. Just sit back, max W and waveclear forever and try to land a Q on someone important later. Veigar is totally capable of taking over a game if he can survive to late-ish game. In bronze, that's a given, so enjoy your 1.5k AP one shots on the 0 MR ADC complaining "Veigar OP"
Yes, my dad was like that growing up. Typically, in a culinary school, you would teach them the way the majority of the world eats their food and then if someone didn't want/couldn't have salt, you don't add it. When I worked at Disney, no salt was ever added to any food that we could season later. Our Gravy had no salt until we heated it. Our cheese sauce had no added salt until mixed with pasta. Whenever we had dietary requests come in, they'd get a separate plate of food from our buffet fitting their restriction. We had a good number of no-salt people as I recall. About the same as Celiacs.
I'm a broke college student who just moved into a new apartment, so spending money on even fast food isn't an easy expense. I decided I wanted some McNuggets on Falcons day and a burger on Vikings day, so I went to McDonalds both times. I never eat at McDonalds. So if anyone's willing to donate a McDonalds gift card, I'll take one for the team.
Eagles D might take a step back with a few big guys as potential FAs this offseason. Patrick Robinson was a 1 year deal on vet minimum. He's gonna get mid level starter money. Bradham is a relatively cheap LB right now, but he'll command a decent chunk as one of the better cover 4-3 LBs. We also might lose Corey Graham, the safety that let's Jenkins play like a Linebacker on half our downs.
All these teams that have an elite defense and either a young QB (Eagles) or potential big FA signing (Jags, Vikes) are basically stuck with a 2-3 year window (max) of being utterly dominant in the way Seattle was during Wilson's rookie deal. Then, they'll probably get 2 more years of being contenders but not outright favorites. Finally, in 5 or 6 years from now, the team will either fall apart entirely (like Seattle) or continue to hold together with strong late-round drafting.
And the Pats aren't crippled solely because Brady takes deals that are much lower than his value because he wants to succeed (or, if you want to think everything is a conspiracy, some people think Kraft's promised him a cushy "job" with good pay post-retirement as a reward) and his wife honestly makes more money than he would anyway.
The Panthers-Broncos game was just soulcrushingly boring. The Seahawks-Broncos game was at least fun because it was so hilariously broken from the start. It was comical Panthers-Broncos was just dull and I really don't remember anything from that game. Shout outs to Seahawks-Steelers and the power outage game (I actually had to google who the 49ers were playing, it was that bad... and it was the Ravens who won)
Would you have cared more or less with Eagles-Jags?
First question, and it's not to call him a bandwagon, but *why* is he a Pats fan? It could change my answer. Is your family still rooting for the Eagles and he's the odd man out? Either way, is your brother the type of person that can take shit from you? And can you take shit from him? If I'm totally honest, if I had a Pats fan brother, I would *love* watching this game with him. If we won, I would rub it in his face forever. If we lost, I'd be prepared to take the same from him.
I don't get these people. Looking at our roster from a 2016 point of view. QB: Wentz was good and showed promise as a rookie. Could be better and more controlled, but proved to be a capable player RB: Signed Blount who had a billion TDs last year. Clear upgrade. Plus Sproles to spread the field OL: Two of the top OTs in the NFL and an up and down Center. Probably not a strength, but not terrible WR: Alshon Jeffery is a huge target and a WR that can go up and get the ball, which they hadn't had in a decade. Outside that, Agholor was a bum and Torrey Smith hasn't made a meaningful contribution in 5 years. TE: Ertz is good, not great. May not ever break out, but always does better later in the season. DL: Cox is one of the best interior DL in the NFL. Traded for a decent guy in Jernigan. Graham has proven to be a good pass rush threat and Barnett is a good prospect, but might struggle to make an impact as a rookie. LB: Hicks is one of the up and coming MLB talents in the NFL if he can stay on the field. Bradham and Kendricks are decent on the outside. CB: Darby should make the unit much better, but Jalen Mills is slow and Patrick Robinson hasn't done anything in his career. S: Jenkins is one of the best out there and McLeod has proven to be a serviceable partner for him. I would say we're league average, in the past POV on 5-6 positions and above on 3. The only unit that I'd question coming into this season was CB. I remember looking at that schedule and being like "Well, we probably lose to KC but Arizona sucked. Chargers suck. Panthers sucked. 9ers sucked. Broncos were meh. Bears sucked. Rams sucked." I think I called losses @KC, WAS, @DAL, @SEA, @NYG" for 11-5. I said we wouldn't finish less than 9-7 and I called 12 our ceiling with us probably not sweeping our division and definitely not winning in Seattle.
So if a CB gets beat, just tackle the WR at all costs.
I'm sorry, Americans need a ton of salt? There is an entire half a continent that cooks all their food in liquid salt (soy sauce). I personally only use sugar if the dish needs a sweet balance and I rarely use hot sauce. Honestly, Americans are wimps with heat. I don't see anyone dousing food in hot sauce, but I see drops of stuff like Sriracha because they want some spice in something. There's a reason salt was such an important commodity. It is used in *every* cuisine in the world. Part of that is because it was such a good preserving agent originally, but everyone uses it for flavor.
Supposedly, it turns out they aren't fans of the Eagles, but fans of Wentz. They want the Eagles to fail without Wentz and succeed with him.
I also think it's good for his durability that he doesn't have to be the guy every play here. He was the only part of the Bears offense that worked, so he got everything ever. Here, he's got Ertz to take away any thought of LB or Safety help to double him, Aggy to take the slot CB and Smith to pretend he'll be useful downfield leaving Alshon free areas on the sidelines every game. And if he's not free, they don't need to force it to him because Ertz will probably make a contested catch, Aggy's probably 5 yards free on a crossing route and Smith is downfield hoping the ball comes his way so he can get a PI call.
She's oppressive in lane because her rend allows her to function as both an on-hit ADC as well as a caster. Casters strength is lane while the on-hit ADCs scale better (Kalista doesn't scale better than a Crit ADC, but she scales better than Casters). Make rend only refund *half* the CD if it kills a target and cap rend stacks on monsters. Also, lower the damage buff she gets if she hits the same target as her support. 5% max health magic damage at level 1 on an ADC every 10 seconds is a little strong.
So I've been sitting here pretending to be a shadow priest for a few months. All the game wanted to give me was Prydaz and Soul of the High Priest. Decided to do a normal Antorus. Vari gave me a legendary, which I feel like I've been due for for over a week. Sephuz! BIS! Fuck off Prydaz I got 2 rings now. Oh wait, I got 1k essences now. Let's see what I got. Mangaza's! BIS again. In the space of 5 minutes I got both BIS. And it let me equip my 4 set because I needed more haste to support the bad legendaries.
They can be insufferable, but at least there's a *shred* of self-awareness to them as opposed to Pats fans (we're better than all of you despite literally not having only won titles in the past 15 years after wearing a cursed franchise like a badge of honor for near a century) and Vikings fans (Eagles fans are evil because they threw a beer can)
4 TP is so fucking silly
Sixers over Warriors would be Miracle-esque upset. I would wager they'd be expected to get swept by a combined deficit over 50. NFL championships come around much more infrequently than NBA ones do. One bad day and you're done, unlike the NBA where you get 4 chances minimum. Also, look at the spectacle of the Super Bowl. It's so much bigger of an event than the NBA finals. So much more important for the Eagles to win rather than the Sixers. Also the Sixers *could* be a Warriors level dynasty in 2-3 years if Embiid stays healthy and they find the pieces to complement him, Simmons and a Fultz that remembers how to shoot.
Does Shaco do anything? He's a single target assassin with shit clear speeds but needs items to assassinate. Even if he does assassinate, what next? He used his stealth to get in so he just dies.
But what if it's quadruple overtime before we get the pick 6? Might last until midnight.
Pj weilahans or w/e it's called is a good choice too. Looks more like a bar than b dubs
And b-wubs isn't?
Yeah Bonemare should be good, not great now. It's a 4.5 mana body with Blessing of Kings attached. So it's 8.5 mana of effect (with 4/4 of it having "charge") plus only being 1 card. Still S tier arena imo, but not an auto include in constructed.
HoFing Doomguard to nerf cubelock ruins any hopes of aggro or zoo warlock ever being a thing again. Not to mention Discolock.
Comet Kayn. Since everyone wants to go Domination on him for some reason (even when playing Rhaast), I wanted to play him with the CDR stuff from Sorcery and the better lower runes on Domination. I go Comet-Hat (unless heavy AP, then Nullifying)-Transcendence-Scorch usually and Dom-Impact-Ravenous Basically, I only play CDR capped Rhaast Kayn. Comet provides him some decent early damage in ganks (not quite Electrocute levels, but still noticeable) and scales INCREDIBLY well with 40% CDR. Build is Blue Warrior-BC-defensive item x2 (SV for MR, armor items negotiable)-finish with DD. You get a respectable amount of AD from the CDR overcap and you heal FOREVER. You should be able to 1v2 2 tanks easily with this and your innate % damage and armor shred from BC and are still capable of jumping their carries and living because you'll heal near 100% of your health ulting.
I mean my one experience with the Cardinals this season was the Eagles game. That did not instill much confidence in their defense.
Yes, but how many other guys out there are like that? He'd take a friendlier deal, but it's not going to be more than a few mil under his actual value. Brady is probably worth at least 27 a year if Stafford is as well. I'd put Wentz's value on his first real deal around 25-26. I think it would be insulting to give him less than 20 and a "team friendly" deal would probably be around 23 average. They can load the contract up to make the cap hits not as bad earlier and restructure them away later, but, even on a team friendly deal, Wentz is going to eat a large portion of our cap. Especially with the amount of money we already have committed to guys like Cox, Lane and Ertz. Also, the Alshon contract is going to murder us in 2 years. His cap hit this year, on the prove it deal, was over 10m. Next year, because of how it's structured, he actually only counts for under 4m against the cap. After that, though, he jumps to near 15m then 16m the following year. That's roughly 8% of the cap spent on a WR. Also concerning is free agency next season. This season's free agent group isn't the biggest deal, but still meaningful (Sproles, Blount, Bradham, Robinson, Burton). Next year, we have Graham, Foles, Celek, Agholor, Darby, Hicks, Ajayi and Sudfeld up. Foles is likely gone before then and Sudfeld won't command too much more than he currently makes. Celek's likely gone before that as well. After that, though, that's 6 HUGE players for us coming off cheaper deals.
So you're content with trading away Jordan Matthews for Darby and only having him (a young, promising corner) for 2 years before he walks? He's 24 years old right now. 25 when his contract's up. I feel like we need to keep Graham. He's one of the best DEs out there and I'd prefer giving him a huge contract to letting him walk. If it comes to it, Curry's the one we get rid of, not Graham
Yeah we moved up 1 spot to draft our guy. Had to jump the Pats who might have taken him out of spite for us beating them, but they were nice enough to trade 31 for 32 straight up plus a letter of resignation from Bellichek.
lol who needs sleep. You should be running on alcohol and caffeine until next Thursday at the earliest.
If I'm being honest, being at the game would be amazing but being in the city after a win is the more once in a lifetime experience. You can see them when they go next time, but if they win you'll never get a chance to see the city party the night after.
Are we just ignoring the most shocking stat there? Darby had the 3rd lowest passer rating allowed when playing off coverage with like 30 something. Meaning he's apparently doing something right giving 10 yards cushion on first down.
That seems... optimistic. What's the duration? 4 seconds? Tahm R is about 2, then you need to triple stack passive
Seeing Tsukasa genuinely happy is nice. Usually the "happiest" you'd see him was a confused smile.
Yi could always solo baron with 3 completed items if he had a mountain drake. Bloodrazor, Rageblade and Bork being the items. Jax could as well if he had bork or gunblade. A lot of bruisers were already capable of soloing with 3+ offensive items.
Well Rodgers likely still has more than 5 seasons left so we'll see after he retires.
Really it's sad none of them had careers after the show for the most part. Josh has had bit roles on TV for a while, Drake's a failed musician who seems a little nuts and Miranda had a successful Nick show but then that ended and she tried the pop-country star look for a while, failed and went back to "normal" life. I really loved her in both those shows and thought her comedic timing (and deadpan in Drake and Josh) was really good.
Shit 29 team would probably beat damn near any age group team from any NBA team. Maybe a Celtics team could be close.
Okay Mr. Last Pick Irelia Hover. Sure I'll let her get through all 5 enemy players for you to have a chance to pick h... oh and she got first picked.
Okay let's go hypothetical here. You are red side in the height of Kassawin 99.9% ban rate. The current ban system has gone back in time and both teams get 5 bans. Your last pick (aka pick 10) is mid and hovers Kassadin. Blue side has first pick. You ban Kassadin 100 times out of 100. Period. End of story. Same goes for Irelia right now. She's not on the same level as Kassawin, but she is too strong and I would rather have my last pick mad at me than play against it.
For some reasons his appearances come off more as humor than Nikumi and her, ahem, outfits.
It got played in a pro series after MSI. Demacia cup I think. Though, to be fair, it was a top tier LPL team sending their B squad to beat some low ranking challenger equivalent team.
To everyone saying it's to stomp lane, explain the abysmal pick rate of exhaust in pro play, where individual lane outplays are rare. Ignite just provides much more pressure in a lane. Even if you're playing twitch Janna into xayah rakan (a lane twitch should lose 100% of the time given equal skill), Janna having ignite makes the possibility of a turnaround more likely than exhaust. Exhaust helps you not die. Ignite helps either kill them first or take one with you. Then you have barrier soraka because she is essentially a target and sporadic unsealed spellbook TP tank supports.
I mean ideally I'd get it (or them) out humanely, but they can carry disease and are generally not healthy to have around. I had heard scratching in the attic a while ago (more like a bowling ball actually... something sounded like it was running relay races up there so likely squirrels), but this is the first I've seen inside
As a mid secondary who never could play Taliyah right, she really doesn't seem too tough in jungle. Of course you gotta land the W to really one shot people, but just watching her chunk people for 3/4 their health with Q with 2 items is nice.
The first patch she registers on jungle at all, she has a whopping 54.35% win rate in Korea. This isn't normal. You could say it's people adapting to playing against Taliyah who normally don't... but Taliyah was *the* ganking mid laner. She isn't doing anything exceptionally different than old Taliyah except for where she's ganking from and how early she can actually gank. The movement speed is too much. I think the clear is fine, but she basically gets free mobi boots as a passive *as a champion who relies on getting around the map quick). Gutting her clear guts her ability to jungle. Gutting her passive movement speed simply makes her less desirable as a jungler.
Saw IWD playing it a few days ago and he absolutely destroyed a Graves. IWD doesn't play mages. If he mids, he plays melee champs like Kass typically, so he doesn't have much experience on her.
[Oh you sweet summer child](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udBa7LCcNGQ)
Janna can disengage an entire team once and disengage multiple people again on a relatively short CD along with giving someone a shield and AD steroid. Alistar can disengage one person and can knock multiple people up to disengage (similar to Janna Q, but a much smaller area). Alistar is *much* better as a secondary engage
In the early days of 45% CDR, the Riven could reasonably have 45% by level 9 and at that point there were no windows to trade back. This also was immediately following Red pot cheese starts.
