Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; "but big government is bad." I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what? Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor? Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded. Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
They don't need to. It'll just be SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that. I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
&gt; Socialism is not wealth redistribution/social democracy - socialism is the workers owning the means to production, which is not true of any of these industries. If corporations are people, then the workers DO own the means of production. By workers, of course, I mean stockholders, executives, and the board - the people who make the decisions. ...Employees? Why, those are just equipment. Do you let the robot that spotwelds a truck frame own itself, let alone the factory?
&gt; And he could have just as easily said that gerrymandering is and unfair practice that punishes all constituants. He has criticized gerrymandering in the past. &gt; My first goal would be to repeal the citizens united bill Uhhh... there's no bill, dude. It was a Supreme Court decision. You gonna repeal the 1st Amendment? What we need is a Constitutional Amendment. I like Move to Amend's version that doesn't just limit political spending but says that corporations are not people, they're not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons, and money is not speech. &gt; As president the DoJ is as your disposal. I would turn a good portion of resources on congress and start forcing resignations on both sides of the aisle. This would be far more effective if we had proper anticorruption laws.
&gt; My gen (y) in general is the definition of 'zero fucks given'. Bernie's a good cure for being all out of fucks.
I don't know what platelets go for, but I understand (from something I heard in classes) that a unit of red cells goes for about $700-800.
He's underfunded and lacks name recognition compared to Hillary, but he also has a lot of existing grassroots supporters (which is partly why he's drawing huge crowds and getting so many volunteers and so many donations this early in his campaign) and his positions on the issues poll _very_ well. And people love his authenticity and no-bullshit, issues-focused attitude. We don't know for sure how big his shot is, but he definitely has a shot. But we're gonna need to work for it, too.
&gt; You know who else called himself a democratic socialist? Martin Luther King Jr. What you say isn't exactly wrong, but trying to compare himself to King could backfire HARD. Bernie needs to take care to be seen as furthering King's anti-poverty legacy, not appropriating it, IMO. &gt; Incorporate the explosions in Ferguson and other places as part of his narrative that American democracy/society is in deep crisis. He has done this repeatedly. I guess you want him to put Ferguson and Baltimore front and center? Do you realize that 3/4ths of Americans are white (and therefore relatively unaffected by racism), and nearly all of them don't live in Ferguson or Baltimore? I'm sure Bernie will talk more about the ties between wealth inequality and jobs and unrest in black communities, but he's been speaking to a broad audience for much of his career. &gt; Cornwell West It would be awesome if Bernie could work with or be endorsed by Cornel West. He's charismatic and smart as fuck.
&gt; How many times has Warren's public trashes of Bankers have made it to mainstream news? A shit ton. How many of Bernie's? I can hardly remember the last one. So bitch to the mainstream news. Or pay more attention. &gt; Warren became more of a household name because of her videos, Bernie was unknown until he decided to peak interest in running... I knew Bernie before I knew Warren, and I'm not the only one. Just because your special snowflake self had never heard of him doesn't mean he wasn't significant.
&gt; Instead, I think he can build grassroots movements within these groups. How likely do you think blacks are to be energized by a white man calling for grassroots organizing? It always seems to me like minority groups, blacks in particular, dismiss activism that doesn't directly speak to their racial identity.
I've been mostly unemployed for months and money's tight, but I managed to kick $10 his way today.
&gt; It raises a question for me though: do the poor identify as poor in the US? Do we have accurate perceptions of our own upward mobility (or lack thereof)? I don't know about the poor's perceptions specifically, but studies have shown that in general Americans think that wealth inequality is much less extreme than it really is.
There's a bunch of difficulty in talking about race generally, but there's also difficulty in not talking about it. Pick your poison?
You can say "sorry" all you want, but it won't make you right.
I'm a white American. How much do I owe black people? _Which_ black people? How about native Americans? Asian immigrants? Descendents of Asian immigrants? Hispanics? The Irish? Do you even know? Can you prove, using unbiased data, that I owe complete strangers a specific amount of money by virtue of how others have treated them or their ancestors? How would you calculate this? Reparations are a mind-blowingly stupid idea. If you mourn the effects of historic poverty and injustice on the modern day poor, then support a basic income. Repair _all_ the poor. Achieve the ideals of Thomases Jefferson and Paine. But this identity politics clusterfuck, no. I would drop my support for Sanders if he actually suggested this, the same way I dropped Jill Stein as soon as she said she would only nominate women to the SC.
&gt; They are our version of the Tea Party and I've had about enough of them. You, me, and a lot of other people who still remember what liberalism and the left are supposed to be. We've been carrying these faux-liberal idiots for years and it's time we finally started bucking.
&gt; You personally don't owe black people anything, the US Government does. Did the US government own slaves? I was not aware of that. &gt; I prefer more modern ideals than the ones of a so called benevolent slaveholder You should not be so quick to discount Jefferson simply because he owned slaves. He had some interesting things to say about property. Among them: &gt; Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right. The earth is given as a common stock for man to labour and live on. If, for the encouragement of industry we allow it to be appropriated, we must take care that other employment be furnished to those excluded from the appropriation. If we do not the fundamental right to labour the earth returns to the unemployed. It is too soon yet in our country to say that every man who cannot find employment but who can find uncultivated land, shall be at liberty to cultivate it, paying a moderate rent. But it is not too soon to provide by every possible means that as few as possible shall be without a little portion of land. If we understand "land" to mean "the means to self-sufficiency", roughly "stock" or "productive capital" in the modern age, this sentiment is practically socialist. It doesn't go as far as Paine does in _Agrarian Justice_, of course, but it is a fine set of liberal ideals that hold up well today.
We can't tell who's what race on the internet because you're all just a bunch of text. We are literally "color blind". The only thing we do know is that almost everyone is white, because Reddit (and because American internet generally). What would remind us that you exist in this sub - and to what extent - is if we could see race. But if we created racial flair, I think someone would say "Nazi armband" inside five minutes.
Here's one: http://www.law.umich.edu/newsandinfo/features/Pages/starr_gender_disparities.aspx
Stop taking it? There's nothing to stop taking - Republican voters aren't getting shit. You mean that they should stop voting for Republican politicians who take that money. And if you tell them that, they'll tell you that Democrats need to stop electing Democratic politicians who take that money, and you'll both be right.
Libertarianism is its own religion. Its tenets don't hold up under scrutiny.
You know, some of the Republican voters keep electing Republicans because the best alternative we can offer them is the lying Democrat sellouts we keep voting for. Some Republican voters would actually go for Sanders over the GOP clown car.
Oh, yeah. That cartoon was one of my favorites :D
&gt; I don't think this is nearly as simple as you're making it out to be man No, it's not. But I don't have all day. &gt; I'm also definitely not looking to start up an argument here either. Yeah, I don't want a fight. I just want to be heard. This shit is perverse and it's tiring. &gt; What I am trying to say is that Black America is no more monolithic than White America is, and that the constant appeals otherwise end up trying to speak to this weird caricature of "black society". I get that. People don't want to be spokespeople for their whole race. But just because societies aren't monoliths doesn't mean they don't have differences in common, you know? The Japanese aren't a monolith, but Japan is very obviously different from America. Germans aren't a monolith, but Germany is different from America. Black people (or Asians or Hispanics or East Indians or whatever) aren't a monolith, but obviously they have their own cultural heritage. I mean, take for example the black post-WWII experience that the article (I think) mentioned. How whites had all this prosperity but blacks still faced systemic racism and poverty. That's an important difference that affected large parts of black society and I guarantee there are black people who are keenly aware of that difference and it colors (pun not intended) their view of America. &gt; He doesn't need a special "Black folks" platform so much as to make clear that these issues are all of our issues. I don't want Bernie to have a special "black folks" platform. And yet there's a black person in this thread (who also doesn't want a special "black folks" platform) affirming that black progressives will have to make the case for Bernie to black communities. Meaning that yes, there's some value in his campaign reaching out to those progressives somehow. So it's not as simple as you're making it out to be either.
&gt; the guy arguing it is very passionate about that point. I bet he is. &gt; what is the correct response? Defenestration. Presenting him with counterevidence to his claims will just make him cling more tenaciously to them and discredit you as a reliable source of information.
dark humor, that's me :)
No.
&gt; Sanders is even more so on that line, and there is a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in America. There's a deep resistance to this idea entrenched in the right wing media, which manufactures its opinions. There's a deep resistance to the idea of paying more taxes to help unemployed people because of the false perception that they're just lazy. There was a deep resistance to anything Obama did or said because they thought he was a slick hustler. But good, honest jobs building and fixing things? Better wages for working people? More payback for seniors who spent their lives working and paying into Social Security? The only thing that stands between a lot of real, actual right-wing voters and those ideas is distrust of the government. I... I need to make a new post or something. I'm seeing a lot of Republican-bashing going on in here, and it's not productive.
I share dolphins3's position. Like the DHS or not, it doesn't make sense to just pull the plug. If you want to dismantle it, then dismantle it, but until something else is in place to replace it, it serves vital functions and needs to keep running.
I've got a 2006 2.3 and I've test driven a 2015 2.0, and the 2.3 has a lot more muscle off the line. Fairly aggressive acceleration and easy to chirp the tires if I want (or if the road's wet). Now, granted the 2.3 is a manual and the 2.0 was an auto, and I'm guessing something between the auto, throttle input, and traction control keeps the 2.0 from responding as immediately as the 2.3 does. I'm not a car nerd who can dissect what causes what. But this is my experience. Now at freeway speeds, the 2.3 is a bit limited. The 2.0 accelerates better, even if you have to stomp on the pedal to do it. Guessing they changed the gearing quite a bit after 9 years.
It's a repair you can do yourself if you're comfortable rebuilding engines, otherwise no. As I understand it, it's caused by running on low oil, which keeps it from adequately lubricating the rod bearings, which leads to bearing damage. If you fix it but don't keep the oil topped up, then yes, it will happen again.
If the poor would all just run for president, they could be rich too. See? Lazy!
&gt; I'm not quite on board with public funding of elections, at least yet. I understand campaign finance reform via McCutcheon and Citizens United, but I would also want to reward politicians who can rally people for small donations. Has Bernie announced that he's supporting a public financing bill or policy that would ban all political donations? Because there's no reason you can't have the two coexist. Just get rid of Super PACs, maybe trim down the amount that individuals can donate (or don't, a few $k is hardly $$Big Money$$, although it's probably a little rich for most people), et voila. &gt; He often mentions the women paid 78 cents for every dollar men make. From what I've seen there are a large number of variables included with that such as hours worked, experience, and negotiation. And job. It's not an apples to apples comparison. If you took fifty male executives and fifty of their female secretaries and compared them, then of course you'd get a huge gap. But it's not because the secretaries suffer from sexual discrimination, it's because they have lower paying jobs. In general, women tend to pursue lower-paying jobs and careers. At the low end they'd rather be a Walmart checker than hang drywall or haul garbage. At the middle to upper end they prefer easier careers with more work/life flexibility, benefits, and creature comforts, and they're more likely to take time off to have kids (apparently birth control was NOT the great liberator, because women want to "have it all") or simply retire after a decade in the field and become housewives/soccer moms depending on a male breadwinner. That's on top of differences in education, hours worked, etc. Feminists say "but that's exactly the problem, women are taking lower-paying jobs." Well, then stop. These are women's own life choices, freely made. They are not barred from any educational pursuit or any career. The massively overhyped STEM fields that we are literally paying women to study actually prefer female candidates when hiring. There is clear and documented bias _in favor of women_ in these fields, and all the feminists can say in retort is that they're too intimidated to enter because some crazy genius who _landed a robot on a freaking comet_ once wore a tacky shirt with bikini girls on it. Eliminate the confounding variables and the gap drops to single digits. Is that tiny gap proof of actual sexism? Is it women's unwillingness to negotiate for better pay and promotions? _Nobody knows what it is._ It's certainly not clear that any legislation that merely reiterates the 40-year-old Equal Pay Act - yes, the gender wage gap was actually addressed before some of us were even born! - would change it by a single cent. And when you get away from the aggregates, you find that gaps in different careers vary. Sometimes, there is a male bias in a given career. Sometimes, there is a _female_ bias. Single women under 30 actually make something like 115% of what single men under 30 make. Why? I can only speculate, but I suspect it has to do with 60% of college students being women - a ratio that no one complains about, but which would draw howls of protest if it were reversed. &gt; With regards to decreasing military spending. I'm hardly the most gungho military person. I do want to see some smart cuts, and I know he led the effort to audit the Pentagon. However, from what I understand the US has the strongest military today because of choices made 20 or 30 years ago. Military is sort of a long range thing to plan out to maintain superior strength. Do you wish to invade and conquer other countries? If your answer is "no", then we only need a military sufficient for homeland defense and surgical operations, and we can do that at a substantial reduction in spending, even if we keep the weapons development programs. We can also extend Pax Americana through non-military means, such as multilateral diplomacy and coalitions with regional forces - which is exactly how Bernie wants to address ISIS.
I just wish it was Move to Amend's version he's backing. (As I recall, it explicitly states that corporations are not people and are not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons.)
Uh huh. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. How did that go? Oh right: she barely got on the ballot, had almost no press at all, and scraped the bottom of the vote barrel. And that was after running a decent campaign. America is simply not ready to march bravely into third party politics. They weren't ready in 2000, they weren't ready in 2012 (even after Occupy), and they're not ready now. They won't be ready anytime in the foreseeable future. The idea that a liberal Democrat is sucking votes away from the Green Party is ridiculous because __the Green Party doesn't have any fucking votes to lose.__ They're nobody. And until we get some real change in this country that gives third parties a fair shot, they'll always be nobody. Bernie is absolutely doing the right thing by running as a Democrat. It is the pragmatic thing; it is also the necessary thing. I for one would like to stop seeing these links to extreme left/socialist armchair revolutionaries whining about Bernie being a fake or a sheepdog. The criticisms are neither valid or important, the critics are determined to stay politically irrelevant, and I see no reason at all why we should give them a platform.
&gt; If we can't accomplish the change peacefully then there would only be one other option... Even considering the realities of urban warfare, a tiny, violent insurgent force can't take down the US military (which can now legally be used as police on domestic soil... thanks, Obama!) Consider secession as a _slightly_ less hopeless paradigm: Push for local and state laws that directly conflict with or nullify harmful federal laws and executive orders (such as the TPP, if passed) and elect people who would be willing to pass them AND direct state or local police to enforce them (finding and successfully electing someone like this is by no means easy, mind you) while using lawyers to drag out the argument that takes place when the federal government tries to push back for as long as possible. The controversy this generates will generate media awareness and put pressure on Washington. At the same time, push states or localities to create institutions that replace or supplement Federal ones and could continue without federal support. At the same time, reach out to like-minded people, organizations, and elected leaders in neighboring states to form regional blocs. These blocs can coordinate planning or messaging between alternate institutions, and their federal representatives can act together in Congress to push regional agendas through or wring concessions from unallied states. It is entirely possible - and preferable, considering the power of the US military - that states will never actually need to secede; coordinated action and self-sufficency may be enough. But in the worst case, instead of a rag-tag group of civilian extremists conducting clumsy domestic terrorism in clear violation of all applicable laws, you'll have a small country, complete with a legitimate government and functional economy, ready to split off from the US with a standing force of well-supplied professional fighters who are on the side of the people.
Contacting your state legislators would certainly be a good first step. If you're supremely lucky they'll like your idea and just run with it. If not then you have to do the whole activist thing: organize around the issue, reach out to the public, get a petition going, etc. to show that there's public support.
&gt; this idea of compulsory ANYTHING in america irks me Kids hate compulsory room cleaning, but we still make them do it. If most people did their civic duty by voting, there would be no need to force them. But no, we get elections where less than half the voters show up. That's a problem. You're telling us you can't explain to your kids why they have to participate in their own democracy?
What a wonderfully paranoid worldview...
I oppose partisan censorship.
&gt; If anything Bernie is hurting the movement away form demolishing a two party system. There is no such movement. A few armchair revolutionaries and protest voters make no difference whatsoever. I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. I though she ran as good a campaign as could be expected given her limited resources, in a time when her platform should have found strong support, and not only did she not win more than a fart's worth of the popular vote, the various leftist and populist groups who should all have been pulling hard for her couldn't agree that she was the right candidate, or that entering electoral politics was even worthwhile at all. What a useless, politically irrelevant bunch of assholes. There is likewise almost no serious support or activism around changing our electoral system to make third parties viable, except through public funding - which Bernie is pushing. I think Bernie Sanders has gotten more press and popular support at this point than Jill Stein got her entire campaign, and it's not because he has good ideas or an existing support base - it's because he needed to run as a Dem to be seen as credible. &gt; The corporate elite will never allow someone who does't bend over to take office. So _prove_ it. Spread the word. Donate. Volunteer. Fight for Bernie and his political revolution. Make that revolution as big as you can. If Bernie wins, great! You were wrong, thankfully, and the country benefits. If not, make them shut him down in full view of a supportive public. Sharpen the contradictions. Prove to them that national politics is well and truly owned by the elite. Radicalize them. Then, while the iron is still (somewhat) hot, convince them to stay involved and fight at the state and local level where they can actually win. All the most exciting progressive legislation these days is happening at that level. Cities are the ones passing $15 minimum wage laws. Cities are the ones passing mandatory sick leave and part time workers' rights laws. Cities are where police reform and low-income housing projects happen. States are the ones passing national popular vote bills and they were the first to support marriage equality. Oregon has mail-in voting and automatic voter registration for anyone who gets a driver's license. Utah is housing the homeless with its Housing First program. Florida passed a strong anti-corruption bill a while back (or so I understand; I never got all the details). Show them the progress happening in the smaller governments. If we can't get someone like Bernie elected, then that shows millions of people that we MUST fight the elites from the bottom up.
Frank Luntz is a PR and messaging guy for the right. No, scratch that: he's __the__ PR and messaging guy for the right. He's spent his career finding ways to twist words and tell lies in support of the wealthy elite. When you argue with a conservative whose entire worldview is bullshit and who speaks entirely in fabricated talking points, chances are, most of them came from Frank Luntz somehow. Luntz is a soulless, evil, greedy man - no doubt. But he is the best at what he does. He is a goddamn evil genius, a master. When he talks about messaging, if you're smart, you listen. I don't remember where he said it, but he once said something like "after you have said something over and over and over and OVER again and you're at the point where you can't stand to say it any more, _people have only just begun to hear you_." Keep pushing Bernie's message. Don't assume that people know who he is or what he stands for. Don't assume that all your friends are rooting for him just because you posted something about him on Facebook. Don't look around an echo chamber like this sub and think "hey, people are talking about him, they're writing articles, everyone must know about Bernie by now." _Every single day_ from now until the very end of his campaign, assume that most Americans have never heard of him and know nothing whatsoever about his platform. People say not to "Ron Paul" Bernie - as if there was _ever_ such a thing as too much publicity. People hate ads but they still buy the products. Don't let them silence you. Don't think that just because a small group of trolls and cynics make fun of him and accuse you of circlejerking that it's time to give it a rest for a while. When Bernie's campaign gets its ground game going - man, I hope it's soon - volunteer. Go knock on doors. Go spread flyers. Take a turn on the phone bank. Meet up with other supporters in your town and plan public events, or arrange to have booths at existing public events. Understand, I am not an outgoing guy. I have a small, personal social network and I hate talking to strangers on the phone or face to face. I hate doing any kind of sales or marketing. I am a terrible candidate for this kind of work. Saying all this makes me sort of a hypocrite. But I am going to try to make a difference somehow because that's what we all need to do.
Because blogs never get linked here? C'mon. We post tweets, for Christ's sake.
&gt; I think we just have a philosophical disagreement on if an artificial entity should be guaranteed rights like the people that manage it. Without guaranteed rights, Congress would be allowed to censor or deny legal council to a corporation, and I believe that's wrong. We can extend them certain rights without granting personhood. &gt; I believe the issue is not corporate personhood because corporations and people can already be regulated differently. But they often can't. For decades, corporations have successfully used the Equal Protection clause to get courts to treat them as people. &gt; Citizens United simply ruled that any entity (or person) can collect and spend unlimited money independently of an official campaign. You're repeating your arguments. Go back and reread mine. I have described the problems with Citizens United (and similar earlier rulings, like Buckley v. Valeo) and how to fix those problems without compromising the First Amendment by placing arbitrary limits on political speech.
&gt; Someone tell me more about this 'left wing.' I think I want to go there. It was called the center 50 years ago.
Okay okay, sorry.
My response: You do realize you’re pushing rope here, don’t you? The basic problem is that employers don’t want to hire people without college degrees, so in order to get a job, you have to have a college degree (and pay whatever that costs). I think, and it seems you would agree, that employers place too much value in college degrees. But HOW DO YOU MAKE THEM STOP? I think your “make college degree a protected status” notion is farcially naive. Maybe, MAYBE that would work for the lowest-end jobs. But many jobs out there require, or at least benefit from, some relevant (I said relevant!) training. If I’m going to hire an engineer, I damn well want to make sure that he has an engineering degree. Are you going to maintain a great master list of employers who are allowed to ask for degrees? And college has replaced high school as the basic proof that its product is at least minimally able to read, write, think, show up on time, and not wear their pants on their head. (Which may merely indicate that many employers no longer remember college.) No matter what you do about the “some jobs need college” problem, employers who still want that reassurance that the candidate they’re interviewing isn’t a pantshead will find ways to get around it or encourage voluntary disclosure to an extent that makes the ban worthless. Like this: “So, what are your qualifications for this position at Impressive, Inc?” “Uh…” “I see from your employment history that you were minimally employed during a characteristic 4-year-period. What were you doing at that time?” “Well…” Then there’s the other half of the problem: to actually realize the cost savings from reduced education, you have to stop kids from going to college. And of course by reducing attendance you’re reducing class choice and flexibility because colleges have to drop their less popular classes to save money, etc, etc. – but never mind those because they were obviously artifacts of inefficient spending anyway. (No one needs a whole class on the cultural influence of Asian-American beatnik poets.) The real question is if we still have a society where employers want college graduates and people stop going to college, HOW WILL THOSE PEOPLE GET JOBS? Yes, the reduction in available graduates will have some effect on employer expectations, eventually. But in the meantime you have people who are unemployed, careening uncontrollably toward extreme poverty and homelessness, and still strongly incentivised to get a college education by any means possible (because those who have them will escape this trap). Will you be providing these heroic non-degreed folks with free housing, food, utilities, clothing, retirement funds, and spending money so they can actually go out and participate in society as though they were really functional members of the economy instead of disenfranchised outsiders?
&gt; Please express this sentiment anytime you see anyone doing this. It gets tiring really fast. I can't go around being the Tolerance Police for liberals (and in fairness, there are plenty of conservative trolls, shills, and general assholes on the internet that don't extend us the same consideration, either). Maybe we can write something up and make it a sticky?
I _think_ it's just an online poll, not something official or binding. Hard to tell. But wow, those numbers! He's breathing down her neck and they haven't even debated yet.
That left is not this left.
&gt; It dawned upon me recently that adopting the issue of police abuses/community relations might be a way for Bernie to enhance his contribution to the national discussion and, at the same time, increase his minority appeal. He has adopted this issue. He's been talking about it for a while now.
Looks like every single one of the comments there is pro-Bernie.
Vote Republican. Because, at that point, fuck the Democrats.
&gt; It's gonna happen, and it's gonna happen state by state by state on its own. Then let it. Too much power is already invested at the federal level. I'm thousands of miles away from DC and I don't have billions in my pocket to buy the national media. I want to see the balance of power move down toward states and localities where ordinary people can still have a say without having to organize a once-in-a-century mass protest or movement to say it. I think that Bernie is going to give us more of that (federal power) and I'm okay with it because I trust him to do the right thing for Americans and strengthen democracy, but ultimately I think we need to shift direction on where a lot of our legislation is taking effect. &gt; Very American concept and thinking. That's right.
&gt; I can tell you from some of my work that people love the idea of work, but a large number don't want to be caught doing it or labelled as working. Ah, classism. _This is what it looks like, kids!_
Judging from his schedule, he's focusing super-hard on early primary states - and since wins there will seriously boost his signal and credibility, and he needs to spend campaign money wisely, I think he's right to do so. South Carolina and Nevada will have to wait their turn just like the rest of us.
Alternate parties are irrelevant in national politics. Jill Stein's run in 2012 demonstrated that to me. Also, if not voting Democrat is "like voting for the Republican", then actually voting for the Republican is like voting for the Republican twice... or something. If I'm going to punish the DP for nominating a fake candidate like Hillary over a genuine populist like Bernie, I want it to sting as much as possible. Also, I'm a bit of an accelerationist where national politics are concerned. The way the establishment Dems are going, I'm going to be pretty screwed when I'm a senior, so if that's where we're headed, let's get the fall over with already. Either we'll shock enough people awake to reverse course for real or we'll break the system when the economy finally collapses, and either one is progress to me.
Without reform, third parties have no chance at the Presidency whatsoever in the foreseeable future. The system is that rigged. If you want to build third parties, you'll have to do it from the bottom up; cities and towns are where party politics are weakest.
&gt; So why AREN'T the traditional leaders (e.g. Jesse Jackson, Oprah) throwing down their support? Have you tried asking them? We're not their PR.
Do the first 10 not kill the deer? How many shots do you need before you can hit a home intruder?
&gt; I seem to recall a bunch of anti-war marches that didn't accomplish shit. The Commander-in-Chief can end wars (the fighting part, anyway) singlehandedly, you know. He has that authority per the Constitution. He doesn't need permission from Congress to _stop_ fighting. He can't be forced to commit troops with a veto-proof majority. "General, I want all the soldiers out of [warzone] ASAP. Get it done." "Yes sir, Mister President."
The Grim Reaper's gonna do a lot of that for us when he shuffles off the last of the Boomers.
How would you like to elect a President who's not a liar or a crook?
&gt; if there is a home intruder why am I limited in my rounds to protect my family? If you can't hit a man at close range with ten rifle shots, I'm not sure I want you holding a rifle at all, if you follow me. And if he's not at close range, that's what spare mags are for. &gt; Or if by chance we are invaded and I have to protect my country (I pray never happens) what's the benefit to me having only 10 rounds? You realize that we have a standing military, right? One that costs a trillion dollars a year and is one of the most technologically advanced and best-equipped in the world? One that has overwhelming air and naval superiority? One that will see an invading enemy force long, LONG before you do? What on earth makes you think you'll be the one defending our soil from invasion with your rifle and your ten-shot mag?
Unions seem to be afraid to rock any boats. I welcome their support, if they're inclined to give it, but don't look to them for revolutionary leadership.
Downticket. Dowwwwwnticket. Senators. Representatives. State government. Do you follow?
I had lousy grades in school. Classic brainy underachiever, got As on tests but hated doing schoolwork. Never took the SAT since my poor single mother wouldn't pay the testing fee. Entered the workforce after high school. Two decades later, with no further formal education, I enrolled in college, tested out of a bunch of required introductory classes, and earned a degree in a medical field with a cumulative 3.87 GPA. Admittedly, if I'd gone to college right after high school, I probably would still have been a lazy screwup, so in that sense, my grades were predictive in the short term. But in the end, it would have been a shame to make it harder for me to go to school just because I was a fool when I was younger. High school grades aren't everything.
&gt; Bernie can win the educated white voters running on populism, however he needs to address prison reform, discuss his Civil Rights Movement past, and talk about police brutality to win over an increasing voting demographic. Because minorities don't want jobs, higher wages, free college and healthcare, or a government that represents them? &gt; Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she was pinned as the white workers candidate and did too little in regards to minorities. Hillary's downfall in 2008 was that she sucks. She still sucks.
&gt; having a woman as president would be a huge step forward for this country. Not really. The fact that she's running at all, that she's allowed to run, that she's the _presumptive nominee_ and receiving corporate funding (i.e. seen as credible and capable) is the big step, and we've already taken it as a country. Electing her would only be a symbolic victory for women's rights, and actually having her in office would probably be a step back for this country. Look at Obama's election: was that a huge step forward for racial equality?
Just because you've heard his basic message enough that it starts sounding canned doesn't mean that all the interviewers' audiences have heard it yet. He doesn't need to change a thing, and he'll be able to stretch out a bit in the debates when he's asked a variety of questions (pity about the abbreviated debate schedule, though).
&gt; they want to build an alternative party But they will only consent to proceed toward their desired outcome by a path that almost always fails. Bernie Sanders is the greatest thing they could have hoped for, short of an actual miracle, to bring credibility to socialism and open a space for third parties, and he's even sacrificing his own political effectiveness to do it by refusing big money donors, and that's still not good enough for them - _that_ is ideological fundamentalism.
I hope a ham sandwich runs for the GOP nod, so we can see Rick Santorum and Donald Trump try to appear more presidential than a beloved lunchtime staple.
Did anyone else catch his claim of 180,000 donors giving on average $40? That's $7.2M.
The wealthy elite commit violence against the poor every day. Why should they receive none in return?
We need to invent a kind of jail for corporations. Forbid them from doing business of any kind for a period of time. Oh, would that put them out of business? Aww. Discorporate them! If that seems too extreme, how about compulsorily turning a percentage of the company over to public ownership? Play nice and you're free to run your own affairs as you see fit; break the rules and get nationalized.
Amnesty just means forgiving someone for a crime. In itself, it wouldn't make illegal immigrants citizens; it might not even make them legal residents per se. All it would do is protect them from incarceration and deportation for illegally entering the country. I think a lot of people would like to hear more specifics about how Bernie's "path to citizenship" would work, but it sounds to me like a more comprehensive plan than mere amnesty.
Here's what would have happened: - virtually no mainstream media coverage - no presence in official debates - Democrats would be ignoring him en masse or accusing him of being a Nader-like spoiler - many cynics who currently support his run would view him as an unserious fringe candidate with no hope of winning, and would not bother supporting him - all his campaign funding would have to go toward petitions and voter re-registration efforts just to get his name on the ballot in all 50 states, leaving almost none for actual campaigning
She can't win. If she doesn't talk, she's accused of being disinterested. If she tells us what we want to hear, she's accused of pandering. If she tells us what we don't want to hear, it'll wreck her rating. Don't really feel sorry for her, though. She made her bed: king-sized, plush, and stuffed with bribes.
If minorities pick a pandering corporate tool over someone who genuinely fights for the working class, they'll deserve what they get.
&gt; Actual social ownership would be a disaster due to the tragedy of the commons. Real commons don't have tragedies; they have stewardship. Common ownership tends to discourage stupid, selfish assholes, not encourage them. &gt; What would happen instead is that the state would own everything _We The People_ are the state, genius. The state is us. It's not a foreign dictator, it's not an alien invader, it's us. That was the whole point of the American Revolution. &gt; At least with corporations, there's no gun to your head. Sure there is. Who do you think the police work for? Who do you think the security forces would work for if there was no state?
He hasn't announced his tax plan yet. We'll see the numbers when he does. But here, [look here at this video about wealth inequality](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPKKQnijnsM). It's really good and not too long, but if you're in a hurry, skip to 6:00. See that _gigantic_ spike on the right of the graph showing what American wealth really looks like, as opposed to most people think it looks like or what they think it should ideally be? Yeah. I'd bet money that spike is where he really wants to raise taxes.
Really? I hadn't noticed.
His positions are actually favored by a majority of Americans, so this kind of result is pretty common.
A lot of people liked NAFTA because they didn't know any better. Some of them know better now.
So he wants to send them to college, raise their wages, create new jobs, provide them with socialized healthcare and strengthen their democratic voice, plus he's one of the only honest people in Washington - and they're gonna throw a hissy fit and take their ball home if he doesn't give them their own special political handjob? Unforgivable.
&gt; I'm waiting to go "full Bernie" though on social media, I don't want to bore people. Same worry here. I share 1-2 things on Facebook a week, figure that's enough to be a constant reminder, but not so much it feels spammy.
Sanders. Up the brand. People already know what families look like.
If you skim through this sub and just click the posts that sound like they talk about his issues or history, you can learn a lot fairly quickly.
It will be a big thing if the Clinton campaign chooses to make it one, and if feminists bite. But I don't know if they're gonna push that; the risk of blowback is pretty high.
&gt; I guess the only reason I feel threatened by this is because I will be graduating with around $40,000 in debt looming over my head and would hate to see my hard work diminished at the cost of paying unskilled labor $15 an hour. Maybe I shouldn't feel threatened by this. Prices will go up slightly, which means that buying power will go down slightly, so in real dollars, you'll be making a little less, at least until wage increases propagate upward. But you'll still be outearning the burger flippers by quite a bit. But why did you go to school at all? Why pick engineering? Sure, it pays well, but is that the only reason? I doubt it. You probably want to be an engineer. You probably like the idea of designing things and making them work better. And you probably want what the money affords you: a comfortable lifestyle, financial security, and maybe some nice vacations or grown-up toys. You'll still have those things. And maybe I'm giving you too much credit, but you probably didn't study engineering so that you could look down on people with less money. So who cares if burger flippers are better off than they are now? They want comfort and security too, and if their work isn't as valuable as yours, well, they're not getting paid as much either. Those that have greater ambitions can start businesses or go back to school - more easily with higher wages to build savings and free tuition, I might add - and those who lack the intellect to go farther won't be punished for it. In truth, even the upper middle class is woefully poor compared to the ridiculous extremes of the top 0.1%. If we even things out, your income will most likely rise as well.
You wanted Latino outreach? Here you go.
This will be less of a problem as his campaign moves forward and he can get out of Iowa and New Hampshire and visit the rest of the country. What exactly do they not trust? I mean, his record is solid. His message is consistent. He's pushing for policies that would dramatically improve the quality of life for most minorities - not just socialized medicine, free public schools, wage hikes, job creation, job training, but police and immigration reform. Do they think he's not going to do anything that ends racism in their communities? Because there's not actually a whole lot more that a President can do about that... racism may be a nationwide problem but it manifests as a local issue.
I've seen pictures of the venue. I doubt they had more than 1000 people there. If the overflow area was also empty, that's just sad. Can't wait to see what happens when Bernie comes to NY.
&gt; If we try to complain about the alarming domestic violence statistics and the fact that it is a crime that overwhelmingly is perpetrated against women Mmm, but it isn't. Men and women commit and suffer from domestic violence at approximately equal rates. &gt; ...at least one man will rush into the discussion to remind us that men can be victims of domestic violence too so let's all talk about that instead. You mean that they'll rush into the discussion to remind you that men can be (and are) victims of domestic violence too _so "sexism" is not the correct framework through which to view the issue._ &gt; Many if not most discussions of women's issues outside of dedicated safe spaces are hijacked by men A conversation that unfairly maligns men and propagates lies and half-truths is a conversation that merits derailing. &gt; We are surrounded by people yelling "not all men!" every time we try ...to make unfair, sweeping generalizations? &gt; we know that not all men are abusers/rapists/harassers but the fact remains that most abusers/rapists/harassers/etc ARE men. That's not hyperbole or a guess, that's backed by a ton of crime statistics. Unreliable crime statistics, arrived at by limiting the data collected in support of a narrative. Credible studies are showing that female-on-male rape and sexual assault are far more frequent than popularly believed. &gt; the discrimination against women specifically in science is one that needs to be discussed because it is systemic, entrenched, and is seriously holding us back scientifically. Begging the question a bit, isn't it?
Bernie wants serious discussion on the issues. Well, the integrity of candidates for public office is an issue. If Hillary is taking dirty money from the same people she's pretending to oppose, that's something people ought to know about.
To be clear: right now, Bernie is running for the Democratic nomination. To vote in the Democratic primary, where Democrats choose their own nominee, you have to be registered as a Dem if you live in a closed-primary state (which is many of them, but not all - check your state laws). Assuming he wins the nomination, anyone can vote for him in the general election regardless of their party affiliation. But he has to win the nomination first.
&gt; What will we do after he is elected (if that occurs) to make sure there is cooperation in the three branches? Write/call our elected officials and tell them how we want them to vote and what bills we want them to introduce or support. If they won't do it, start looking for someone to replace them with - primary challengers for the next election, who you'll need to support so they can beat the incumbent. This also means you'll have to get more involved and knowledgeable about your state and local politics, because that's where your Senators and Representatives are going to come from. This is a good idea anyway, because if you can't get a law passed at the national level, you may be able to get one passed at the state level that's almost as good. Yes, this is a lot of political bullshit that no one wants to bother with because we already have jobs, hobbies, and chores to worry about. But this is the kind of work we need to do as a nation if we want to preserve our democracy. It's the work we should have been doing all along, and the corrupt government we have now is a result of falling asleep at the switch. We also have to demand that the mainstream media be more politically responsible. After all, how are ordinary busy people supposed to be informed about politics and important issues if the news either won't talk about them or tells ridiculous lies about them and milks partisanship for drama? How are third parties and dark horse candidates supposed to have a fair chance to win elections if the media won't cover them?
So you don't value work? Doesn't sound very American. edit: I don't know why I'm getting downvoted here. What he's essentially saying is "Even though I like fast food enough that I don't want fast food places to close, I don't think that making food is a valuable activity and the people who do it should have to live like shit." Either you value work or you don't. Either you think a job is worth paying for or you don't. But this "I value the product of your labor, but not the labor itself" bullshit is just another kind of price fixing, just in favor of businesses instead of people - and last I checked, people had sovereignty here, not businesses.
&gt; People also tend to severely overestimate how much $15 an hour gets you People are completely out of touch with just how expensive everything has gotten. Even though the evidence is staring them in the face every time they pay for things, they have these antiquated "big picture" concepts of how far a dollar goes that just aren't true anymore. If people seriously looked at how expensive housing and food is and what kind of wage you actually need to support a small family while saving for emergencies and retirement without being on government assistance, they'd have to admit - however reluctantly - that $15/hour is not an outrageous figure at all, and what's really outrageous is how little people are expected to survive on today and the kinds of sacrifices they have to make to do it.
I'd play to the OP's brother's false assumptions. I bet he thinks he's smarter and a harder worker than minimum wage earners, and I bet he also thinks his job is harder - so explain it like this: "Okay, say minimum wage goes up to $15. Now you go to your boss and tell him, 'why should I work hard for you when I can get the same pay at an easier job?' Either he gives you a raise, or you start looking for something that's easier or pays more. That's how your pay goes up."
&gt; Hillary, on the other hand, may become another serious blunder of the Dem party. Which would be hilarious. "We finally elected a woman president! And boy, did that suck." Admittedly, it would be a real blow against women if people actually used Hillary's example as a reason not to elect other women on the basis of their sex, but I can't be unhappy about feminism shooting itself in the foot like that.
Wish I'd been there now. Wanted to, but had other business.
&gt; right now, this is Bernie's big weakness in the general election as well as the primary. Says who - his opponents? &gt; Are you downvoting because I started off by saying I was a Hillary supporter for the moment, or because you believe Bernie is taking minority outreach seriously? I'm downvoting because accusations that Bernie doesn't care about minorities or is out of touch deserve contempt.
&gt; We should be inclusive of all progressive ideologies here Feminism is not a progressive ideology.
&gt; When you make the assumption that an entire movement of feminism is behind Hillary simply because of gender, you sound sexist. Feminism is not a sex. &gt; claiming that they are voting SOLELY on the assumption of gender is sexist. Not when they say so themselves. And stop slinging the word "sexist" around like it was some kind of argument-winning magic wand. You sound ridiculous. &gt; It turns the debate into identity politics. The women voting on the basis of sex turns the debate into identity politics. If you have a problem with that and call yourself a feminist, go educate _them_ on what you think feminism is really about.
It's not. Downvoting me won't change that.
If you want to have a discussion, vote my posts back over the visibility threshold.
I don't buy "college is a right". But it is an investment in America's human capital.
Practicing your gish gallop, Xelif? Needs more gallop. Oh my bad, [it was just one study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15491274). Of course, [there's also this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E2%80%9CWomen_are_wonderful%E2%80%9D_effect). Hey, do you suppose that people might be more willing to overlook Hillary's faults because of the WoW effect? If Bernie loses the primary, will it be because of am inadequate campaign? Because he's the wrong person for the job? Or will it be because, as well as fighting uphill against corporate money and the corporate media, he has to climb over Hillary's pedestal as well? My comment wasn't sexist. The fact that you dislike my comment doesn't make it sexist. The fact that you called my comment sexist _doesn't make it sexist_ - it just makes you ridiculous and ignorant.
Predicts class war? We already have class war; one side just isn't shooting back for some reason.
They're determined to remain politically irrelevant.
The media has a corporate bias.
So when Hillary sold arms to foreign countries who donated to the Clinton Foundation and did a lot of the work on the TPP (which she won't take a stand against), she's just unfairly maligned?
&gt; Who cares if she says it? Well, it affects the media narrative.
I think you're being unfair. He's talked about how he wants to handle ISIS (use diplomacy to get regional militaries to engage them while providing support to those militaries with advisors, spec ops, carefully-targeted bomb/missile/drone strikes). He's talked about what kind of bill he wants to pass to address infrastructure and how big it should be. He's talked about closing tax loopholes, raising taxes on the wealthy, and breaking up the banks. He's said he wants to make public universities free and pay for it with a tax that mainly affects high-speed trading. He's said he wants to expand Social Security and pay for it by raising the income cap. His plan for healthcare is specifically Medicare for all. This is all relatively specific. The president isn't a dictator. There's no absolute guarantee that Bernie (or Rand, or anyone else) could get specific proposals passed as-is if elected. What Bernie is doing is telling us what kinds of policies he favors and what his vision for America is. Of course, that makes them merely campaign promises. But the difference with Bernie is that when he says he wants to do a thing, you can damn well believe he means to do it, and he'll fight for it - not just pretend he's for the people while he's actually busy selling them out.
There's a large group of anti-gun nuts on the left who will take absolutely any gun-related death as a reason to pretend that gun homicides are magnitudes more frequent than they really are and demand laws moving in the direction of a near-total prohibition on civilian gun ownership. When they're not trying to take away everyone's guns, you can usually spot them mocking gun rights advocates for thinking they want to take everyone's guns away (which they do). The way I hear it, nine people died in that church. Do you know how many people die every fucking day in vehicular accidents? Or from preventable heart disease? Or speaking of diseases, let's mention the world's #1 killer: tuberculosis, which is curable. Did you know your kid is as likely to drown in a swimming pool as be the target of a mass shooting? But no one is clamoring to ban swimming pools. Hillary's just playing to her gun-hating, woman-exalting, oligarchy-ignoring base. That's all. If there were no Bernie Sanders, she'd be doing the exact same thing. But if she can knock her rival down a peg in the process, I'm sure she doesn't weep about it.
What accident? He seems mostly against gun control to me. (Or more specifically, he's mostly against federal gun control, which is a fine position to take IMO.) And when the NRA rated him an F, they wrecked the grading scale - they'll have to give some other Dems a V or something.
It's the result of freely-made choices. How is that a "problem" that "needs to be addressed"?
&gt; I can tell you my family, I'm Black, right now has no intention of voting Bernie and are pro-Hillary or just apathetic to the Primaries. It's not that they don't like him, they've just never heard of him and don't care much when I bring up his talking points. How can they not care about single-payer healthcare or free college tuition? Wage hikes? Getting big money out of politics? What do they actually care about?
Executive orders and use of the bully pulpit don't get laws passed, but they sure can make a difference. Endorsing progressives down ticket sets him up for success as well, though that won't happen for a while. Bernie can and does compromise. John McCain called him "results-focused". But I think he's a much savvier negotiator than Obama was and realizes that there are some Republicans you can deal with and others you have to steamroll.
Well sure. It's a "fact". He's serving up bullshit and hoping people swallow it.
To be clear: preventing clotting means getting a good fast draw (but don't use so much suction that you lyse RBCs) and mixing in the anticoagulant ASAP and thoroughly. The chemicals do the magic. Rushing the blood to the lab will get the results that much faster, but won't affect the testing either way (wrt clots).
Nearly all lab techs (both MLS and MLT) have, at minimum, a couple weeks of clinical phlebotomy experience. I did over 500 sticks in school, although that's more than most (it was a busy clinic). A lot of us have either worked as phlebs, or in labs or clinics where we're sometimes required to do draws. We know about babies, psycho needlephobe kids, cranky old people, and the ones who _just won't bleed!_ Believe it or not, we are well aware that the specimens we're most likely to ask for again are the _hardest_ ones to get. If they were easy to collect, you'd have gotten an acceptable specimen on the first try. It feels punitive and unreasonable to have to do the hard ones again when you did your best the first time. But when treatment is guided by lab results, good patient care demands accurate data.
Use the largest needle you think you can get away with and place that needle cleanly in the center of the lumen of the vein. Don't use too much suction, don't draw too slowly either, and mix the blood with the anticoagulant ASAP, but don't mix by shaking the container violently (use several gentle full inversions). Do that and you should never get a hemolyzed sample, unless that's what the patient has. If you read that and think, "but do you have any idea how hard it is to do it textbook-perfect every time!?", that's why the specimens keep hemolyzing. Yes, we do have an idea how hard it is, but the test doesn't care whether or not you gave it your best shot, it only measures what you produced - good or bad.
&gt; Once Hilary's presidential run is over we might not see a viable female candidate for a long time. Because women don't generally run for President. Or any other political office. Don't blame sexism for women's choices unless you're going to hold women's sexism accountable.
&gt; I'm also a realist who knows that America is not a leftist country. Yet. It was always a leftist country. We've just forgotten that, or some of us never learned it.
I just switched, it's SUPER easy. Only takes a minute if you have your OR drivers license or state ID handy and all your other info is current.
Yes we fucking are. Look, I like optimism too. I like knowing what kinds of crowds Bernie's drawing or if he's got a new speech or interview to look at. But there's an awful lot of IT'S HAPPENING in here, and it ain't happening yet.
&gt; If you're on this sub, you should know it isn't about Democrat vs Republican. Right. That's why we hear from Democrat apologists, again and again, that if Bernie loses they're going to rally around Hillary and any Democrat is better than a Republican... because it's not about Democrat vs Republican. That's why Bernie is running as a Democrat instead of as an Independent... because it's not about Democrat vs Republican. Yeah, parties don't matter, except when they're extremely important. Take that bullshit elsewhere. Maybe the clue store will let you trade it in.
&gt; Coming up with intelligent arguments and counterpoints that can be used to sway supporters of Hillary, O'Malley, and Chafee (if they exist) and bring them over to team Bernie Intelligent? No. What we need are _manipulative_ arguments and counterpoints. "OMG that's the exact opposite of what we need! Bernie is not manipulative and it would make his campaign look bad and waaaaaaa" I said manipulative, not dishonest. Most people don't give a fuck about intelligent arguments or facts. Presenting people with information that contradicts their beliefs only makes their beliefs stronger. What we have to do is find a way to make them _think differently:_ a new framework, a question without an easy answer, a new piece of information that doesn't contradict what they already believe. You have to be Socratic and get people to formulate the ideas you want to impart to them. You have to make them want to research Bernie and draw original conclusions. How do you do that? Hell if I know. I'm no great communicator. I just want to scream obscenities at anyone who disagrees with me and tip them out a high window. But if you can make people think about something in a new way, you can change what they think. &gt; Coming up with ways to approach any Republican voters that could possibly be swayed away from the party to vote for Bernie It would help if more of y'all actually understood how Republicans think about the issues and what they want from government, instead of thinking of them as an undifferentiated mass of FOX-watching racist rednecks. Maybe the Republican Sanders supporters here should write some kind of primer. &gt; From people that believe that the system is broken, to people that just think that there is no reason to be involved, Bernie has something to offer all of these people. Unless he loses. In which case they were right all along. But getting cynics to back him should be pretty easy; show them any speech or interview where he calls out wealth inequality and the billionaires and they'll take notice. They may not believe he can win, but they'll notice him. If you get their attention now, and if Bernie's poll numbers are beating Hillary six months from now, they might become supporters.
I see radicalism in that image, but no violence. There are no weapons, no bodies. And while there was plenty of violence in Iraq, the image of the Iraqis tearing down Saddam Hussein's statue was powerful and something that Americans can identify with thanks to America's birth in the Revolutionary War.
&gt; Anyway, there is this haunting quote attributed to John Steinbeck “Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” I think Steinbeck was wrong. America's poor don't see themselves as millionaires; they see themselves as middle class. Even when someone is struggling to pay rent and eat, struggling to raise their family, sacrificing to get by, living paycheck to paycheck, they'll still say "look, I make $29,000 a year! I'm middle class!" Why? Classism. We still hate and despise poor people in America and view poverty as a character flaw. We don't have to believe we're rich; we just have to never admit we're poor. &gt; I just don't see many voters that like going to their office/workplace, church, community gatherings and openly say "I am an unapologetic leftist". I think you're right. "Leftist" is not really the best way to frame this. Bernie's platform is Main Street USA, not Leninist Russia or a hippie drum circle. Call it "populist". Or "reformist". If jingoism weren't so out of fashion, I'd suggest "patriot", "revolutionary", or even "real American". (He's trying "revolutionary", but I'm not sure it's sticking.) People have compared him to Teddy and Franklin Roosevelt - that's the kind of comparison we want, I think. But move away from left/right language, I don't think it helps.
Well, with America's far left, you never know.
&gt; What are your concerns regarding Sanders' run? He might lose. &gt; If he doesn't win the primary, people who would have voted Democrat had he done so may instead not vote or go third-party, causing a Republican win. The implications of this, given that the Supreme Court judges are due for re-election, are horrific. The implications of this are great. If our federal government is irretrievably captured by the money power, I am fully in favor of letting the Republicans drown it in a bathtub - it'll make secession or revolution easier. I fully plan to vote for the Republican if Sanders doesn't win the primary.
Okay. Let's say they hate him as a socialist and intend to vote for him in the primary and then backstab him in the general. That's fuckin' fantastic. Why? First, it's not like those are lost votes because they weren't going to vote for him in the general anyway. And second, it means that he gets the best possible chance to run the kind of issues-driven campaign he wants. He gets to make his ideas the subject of the national political dialogue, which is the second best outcome we can hope for. If Republicans are convinced that he's dead wrong, then by all means, let's have that debate. We'll get our guy and their guy up on stage and they'll talk about policy, just like Bernie wants. And if these people, who fully intend to betray him, if even these people can respect his honesty and recognize that his opponents are plutocrats... who knows? A few might flip by November.
God works in mysterious ways, right?
&gt; Furthermore, the policy priorities of black populations aren't identical to those of white populations. Yeah! Black people only care about black things. Better wages, more jobs, more healthcare, free college, political representation - these are only white concerns.
I've never voted Republican myself, but I'll do it if Hillary gets the nomination. It's the best way to hurt her chances, for one thing (although it won't matter much in my state); for another, if our federal government really has taken out of our hands, I want to elect the people who want to drown it in a bathtub and return power to the states.
&gt; What makes you think that they actually want to return power to the states? You mean besides their rhetoric? I'm not particularly convinced that they genuinely want to restore some imaginary anti-federalist American utopia... although some of them might actually think that, I dunno. Some of their voters certainly do. But the damage they would do to the economy and social safety nets virtually guarantees the end of the federal government as a sustainable institution. &gt; If I have to make the sadistic choice... blah, blah, blah, capitulation, lesser evil You mean the cowardly choice. You've been reduced to groveling and begging for partial reprieves. Is there any fight in you at all? &gt; Spiting the DNC for not nominating Bernie by voting Republican is like spiting Gotham for distrusting Batman by voting for the Joker. Yeah, well, if Gotham doesn't know what's good for it, good riddance. &gt; Assisting in granting them a supermajority in all three branches of the federal government is a damn foolish move, no matter how pissed you are that the DNC didn't back an honest and principled man. I guess you'd better make damn sure Bernie wins. :)
&gt; Bernie needs to articulate how his agenda will help all Americans. He already has.
His perpetuation of the gender pay gap myth. Support for GMO labeling. Gun control, although he's really quite moderate so I can't complain too much. Maybe some other things I can't remember now.
The bottom 90% of us can't afford to travel outside the US :P
The ones selling books no one wants?
&gt; In regards to taxes, they asked if the companies would increase their product costs because of the increase in their taxes. Well, they could try, but competition is going to make them keep their prices as low as they can, right? If they raise their prices too high they'll lose sales.
Help get the word out! Most people like him once they learn about him, but a LOT of people still don't know about him, just like you didn't!
I thought it was simpler to leave that out of my explanation... but yeah, there it is.
Wikipedia: "At the U.S. federal level, an organization becomes a PAC when it receives or spends more than $2,600 for the purpose of influencing a federal election, according to the Federal Election Campaign Act." ActBlue is neither receiving or spending this money. It's just passing it along.
I've got the i Touring (2.0 engine). It's not a sports or luxury car - you understand that, right? But it performs very respectably for what it is. Not hard at all to push it up to 70 or 80; I got a speeding ticket the other day for doing 73 on my morning commute up I-5. :( It also handles well at that speed, unlike the Honda Fit which handles like Kermit the Frog flailing his arms and screaming. For aggressive merging and passing, you'll probably want to look at the manual, or get used to using the tiptronic for driver-controlled downshifts if you like automatics; like all automatics, there's a bit of a lag between when you stomp hard on the gas and when the engine says "Huh? OH! You want to go fast!" and downshifts for you. The steering is very nimble and makes lane changes feel easier.
Based on the last 8 years, I can't be sure what's in Obama's heart, and I'm not convinced it's anything good. Obama's no Slick Willy, but everyone knows he can deliver a good speech. That doesn't mean you can trust anything he says.
I totally agree. The "left" has forgotten about economics and become all about identity politics, except for a few socialists and Marxists on the fringe. And the thing about modern leftist identity politics is not only does it largely ignore economics (because classism is the -ism that nobody cares about) but it has these really toxic ideas about who's allowed to speak and what they're allowed to say, and then you get the SJWs mobbing together to attack and harass anyone who doesn't agree with them, and the whole thing ends up being anti-free speech, anti-intellectual, anti-liberal, and oppressive in its own way. And meanwhile everyone else is becoming more equal to straight white men, which is fine, but that benchmark is being pushed down more and more as the billionaires take over and at some point we're all going to equally have nothing left.
&gt; social issues are much more cut and dry, whereas economic issues are murky and numbers-filled. No, you just think this is so. Who's more oppressed - a gay black man or a white Muslim woman in a wheelchair? Do you even know? Does _anyone_? What law can we pass that ends racism? Does anyone actually know how to legislate an attitude? But meanwhile, economic issues can be very simple. "Minimum wage should be a living wage" - simple. "Everyone should have healthcare" - simple. "40 hour work weeks" - simple. What we're really seeing is that social issues are "important", and economic ones aren't, so people focus on social issues, whether because they're poseurs looking for approval, or SJW bullies who need a righteous cause to justify their bullying, or serious activists seeking justice - and it's a self-perpetuating thing, because as long as people see the big focus on social issues, that's where they're gonna focus too.
So you're okay with allowing the wealthy elite to remain in power?
It's not satire, just some loony extremists.
"We don't believe in aggression!" "Okay. So if it's cold outside and I decide to sleep in your house, what happens?" "I point my shotgun at you and tell you to GIT." "That sounds awfully aggressive." "No, no... you used force against me when you violated my property. I'm only acting in self-defense. It's not the same." "What if I don't agree it's your property?" "_splutter_"
Making a video where that dark-haired chick runs toward the camera a lot was a brilliant move. Downvote me if you want, but it's true. :P If we're suggesting goofy theme songs for Bernie, I'd go with Twisted Sister's "We're Not Gonna Take It".
You said: &gt; no matter how bad Hillary could be, a Republican Congress and President will literally turn back every step forward we've had in the last 3 decades. The wealthy elite get their political power by capturing government. Electing someone who will keep the federal government strong supports the elite better than electing someone who will ruin the government through ideology and incompetence.
&gt; Find out what's important to them rather than tell them. I tried that, right here in this sub. I initially bought into the idea that Bernie's campaign needed more minority outreach, and when I got some pushback on that from self-identified minorities, I asked them what their communities wanted. First they told me that their communities aren't monoliths and they can't speak for others. So asking a minority what other members of the same minority group want is a waste of time. Then they told me that minorities care about all the issues that the white mainstream cares about, and you don't know what part of Bernie's platform is going to appeal to someone. So having any assumptions about what minorities want or need to hear to give their support is also pointless. Okay, fine, those are very reasonable positions and in hindsight I should probably have known better. And yet, we still hear about how Bernie has to specifically speak to minority identities or else they'll vote for Hillary because they don't actually know or care about the issues as much as they like being pandered to. We still have to hear "Bernie is living in a white bubble!" comments even though he has the strongest civil rights record. Heads you whine, tails he loses. So, basically: go choke.
&gt; One might blame the media for willfully ignoring a presidential candidate, while someone else might just get pissed and blame minorities for never hearing of the guy. I'd hope that most would choose the former. I _don't know_ which one it is. I hope it's the former. I really hope that it's not a third possibility: racial minorities are hearing about Bernie as much as white folks are, but rejecting him because he doesn't pander to their racial identities enough. &gt; he absolutely, 100% needs to get his ass speaking in front of diverse groups of people. He hyper-focuses on Iowa and New Hampshire to his peril. Diverse groups of people need to realize that _he has spoken to diverse groups of people_. Just because you can find a lot of pictures and videos of him at town halls full of whites doesn't change that. Diverse groups of people need to understand why he's hyperfocused on the two earliest primary states: not because they're full of white folks, because he's the underdog, running without corporate funding, and he needs exposure and name recognition to win early primary states that will give his campaign national credibility.
&gt; Many Bernie supporters are Bobbeheads Your willingness to dehumanize those you disagree with belies your claims to liberalism.
&gt; OP essentially wants Hillary to lose at all costs. Ah, yes. Quite right. My bad. Well, then, I'm not going to change OP's view. I'm already on record saying that if Bernie can't win, we'd be better off electing people who will ruin the federal government that the elites have captured and drive the states to take a more active role in government.
Nice. You can't support your position, so you ask for your critics to be banned. How very "modern progressive" of you.
1. You can't convince everyone. 2. You have limited energy, so concentrate on the people you _can_ convince first. Don't burn out on the hard cases. If you can build a big enough majority, then either they'll evolve or they'll be pushed to the fringe.
What is theft? What is property? Clarify your assumptions.
&gt; Why do we just accept that higher taxes means they will abandon America or just make us pay more? Those who accept this premise do so because they believe that the wealthy have an absolute right to their wealth and their community has no say in how its resources are allocated.
And that labor, was it performed in a vacuum, hmm? Or was productive capital involved? And what right did you have to that capital?
It's not apathy - it's learned helplessness.
For those who said he has to attack Hillary and differentiate himself, this is how he's gonna do that...
&gt; GMO labeling isn't anti-science, it's more about people knowing what they're eating. Except it's not, because most people don't understand GMOs. It'd be like putting a big scary "WARNING: CONTAINS DIHYDROGEN MONOXIDE" on packaged food.
&gt; You cannot ban tipping. Sure you can. Tell your customers tips are not accepted. Tell your employees not to accept them. Fire the ones who accept them. _Et voila._ Other restaurants have done it. &gt; Part of our American culture is tipping. And slavery. And witch burning. But we fixed those. Twerking might be here to stay, though. :( &gt; Also our servers would much prefer earning a lower wage with tips than a higher wage without. So on the one hand, your customers are so sensitive to price that any increase could ruin your business... but on the other hand, they're so generous with their tips that your employees would actually lose money if you paid them a proper wage and told them not to accept tips anymore?
&gt; So why actively be against other people making their own choices about what they eat? Hurts non-organic farmers. I know damn well that 95% of what's said about GMOs is paranoid bunk, and I see no reason why the state should assist an ignorant mob in ruining some people's businesses. &gt; That is a rather conservative way to look at things that doesn't mesh with liberal values. If you're trying to find the liberal angle in this, here it is: improve science education.
AHAHAHAHAHA! So true...
For starters, you'd need a villainous smirk...
That's metal AF.
The money doesn't go nearly as far as it used to, though.
Every time I have to call a nurse to resolve a delta and they don't even know what's going on with their patient, or I'm drawing their patient with dementia and they're giving me dirty looks because policy requires me to ask them to help confirm ID, I really start to wonder what the hell they're being paid so much for.
I listen for the instructions.
Culture can't be owned; therefore it is not possible to appropriate it. The author ought to stop seeking imaginary offenses to masturbate to.
&gt; now that it makes the $$ it's gained tremendous respect in peer/public eyes. Of course it does. Do you think people are going to dis a career that makes enough money that they'd like to enter it?
For morale, I suggest drawing a happier face on the opposable digit.
&gt; More specifically, I tried to do everything "the right way", instead of their way, and this is where it got me. Uh huh. What's "the right way"?
So they're hiring a young, attractive professional faker to play a different kind of young, attractive professional faker?
Your last couple of posts are bumping my spam meter, torymcbroom. Anyway, the general consensus on these vein finders is that they're 1. expensive 2. bulky and inconvenient 3. only really good at finding the veins that are easy to find in the first place. I can see them being useful in certain situations. Sure seems like IV nurses could use them sometimes. And patients with a lot of edema, whose veins you can't palpate. But in cases like that, you'd call in someone with an ultrasound machine to find a vein - so if anything, this would be another tool in _their_ arsenal. The phlebotomist won't be using it. Now, if you could shrink the whole thing into a lightweight pair of glasses with a built-in HUD and sell it for cheap, then you'd have something.
You're welcome. Next time tax the rich, you stupid fucks - they're the ones with all the money.
Seconding this - correlating results with the patient's condition is occasionally useful/necessary, but the vast majority of the time you're not going to be doing that; you're going to be making sure that the specimen isn't clotted or diluted with IV fluid, and that the results actually get reported and don't just sit in limbo in the LIS (or never cross over from the instrument because of label issues etc). When you look at a smear it'll usually be to verify the instrument results, not to discover a disease.
It's like being an assassin; the first ~~kill~~ stick is the hardest.
Again: organization (unions). The only thing that's going to improve that situation is if the employees won't be bent or bribed into doing the work that admin/corporate won't hire for and then doctors start doing without timely, accurate test results as a result of understaffing and/or burnout. Nurses did it, went on strike, and it improved their pay, working conditions, and status enormously. There's no reason we can't do that, no reason at all... except that for being a bunch of supposedly logical, intelligent, and educated people, most techs sound like your dumb racist uncle at Thanksgiving when it comes to unionizing. But I think we generally agree on this; I'm saying it more for the benefit of the audience.
If you've got more to say, by all means say it! If I am wrong, then I would like my perspective broadened.
RIGHT!? There is this: a lot of unions are not doing particularly well by their members these days. The bosses cozy up to crooked politicians who, themselves, are in bed with Wall Street and so on, and then the bosses turn around and tell their members to fall in line and accept mediocre contracts while the politicians help employers cut domestic jobs - and then they still want their dues! It's the sort of thing that would make you think unions are either useless or a scam, if it was all you had to go on - and I suspect many Americans are politically ignorant in the same way that many are computer illiterate or functionally innumerate. Techs went to school, sure, but most of them didn't study the history of labor movements while they were there...
Well, that's because no other organization is doing much of anything for us. But ASCLS isn't a union, and it can't take the place of a union.
Fair enough. But, I mean, imagine not getting a job you wanted because you didn't ask one of those questions. And most likely you'll never even know if that was the reason.
I had to get a nurse to stick a baby three times once. I was kinda dreading that last call.
I never give two identifiers and there's almost never any kind of readback. This is how my trainers were and as far as I can overhear this is how it is for the rest of my lab as well. Here's what it boils down to. We techs are expected to always be friendly and accommodating, even when the nurse on the other end of the phone isn't. They'll argue with us, hang up on us, resent any inconvenience like having to verify things, and management always sides with nursing if we complain. But if we give them any attitude back, or insist on doing anything the proper way, you'd better believe those vindictive shits will suddenly find the spare time to write up a flowery report about how we were literally the rudest person they've ever dealt with and now they have PTSD, and we'll get hauled into a supervisor's office over it. So yeah, it sure would be awful if there was some kind of preventable mistake and it resulted in harm to a patient. But as long as management doesn't police nursing and doesn't let us do it either, techs are going to seek the path of least resistance. Change the system if you want to change the outcomes.
&gt; No one really praises the lab for 'getting the numbers', accurate results are the expectation so there's very little pomp and circumstance about every value we obtain. I don't expect a constant string of praise just for doing my job right, but some recognition for what we have to do to ensure the accuracy of results (and how important that accuracy is) would sure be nice. Not being treated like a second class peon would be nice, too. I really think the only way to fix the problem where nobody knows or cares what we do is to stop doing it to make a point.
Ad hominem by association is the best you've got?
IT'S CANCER. YOU HAVE CANCER NOW. ICE CANCER.
Uh. Flagstaff?
Did you remember to tip him?
They're still in the "Denial" stage.
&gt; The strategy that won this was __running the second-worst candidate in the race__
Hey Jeff, remember that time you endorsed some pretty popular guy to be your party's nominee for President and the whole time your party was basically doing everything it could to sabotage him, AND there were huge suspicious irregularities in primary voting but nobody ever talked about that election being stolen and everybody basically forgot about it and then your party's candidate lost the election because eeeeeeverybody hated her? Oh yeah, and remember that time when there was this site called Wikileaks that published some emails from the DNC and John Podesta that showed (among other things) how Hillary was corrupt and how the party conspired to sabotage Bernie, and _right around when it started publishing_ suddenly the only thing your party could talk about was Russia, Russia, Russia? Raises big questions!
From my (admittedly limited) perspective, it seems like the field's always been a little biased against MLTs: first no one wanted to hire us (even with the difference in pay), then no one trusted us to do anything complex, now CAP's sabotaged us by not letting MLTs observe other techs. And I see a lot more openings for MLSs than MLTs. Granted, we used to not exist, and then we used to not be hireable, and both of those have changed, so you could say things are improving for MLTs - but now that we're here, I feel like the _current_ trend leans slightly toward phasing us back out.
Ah, what a perfect garbage fire of a thread. Here we have stupid liberals living up to nearly every criticism and stereotype that has ever been made about them: elitism, authoritarianism, ignorance, childishness, hypocrisy, baseless accusations of racism, even wild conspiracy theorizing (conservatives used to own that with Benghazi and FEMA camps, but with this ridiculous Russia thing, you losers have really stepped up your game!). The way the Democrats - both the establishment, and the credulous suckers still stupid enough to vote for them - have handled Trump's election has been utterly shameful, one long unending crying tantrum. I wish I could enjoy it, but every time I see someone spouting off some nonsense about hacking or not "normalizing" a president who was elected as legitimately as any in living memory, it just reminds me that there are people passionate enough about politics to have such strong opinions who are also too clueless about the problems we face to do anything about them. Well, c'est la vie... As someone on the left - most of you wouldn't know what that is, btw, even though you think you do - I find all this facepalmingly embarrassing. OTOH, I look forward to another few elections worth of the Democratic Party having their asses handed to them. I wonder how much they'll have to lose before some real, honest introspection takes place.
You're not the brightest one in your circle of friends, are you.
The Democratic Party gave us Trump. That's on them. But now that we have Trump, if the Democratic Party wants to govern like actual adults and not like screaming brats throwing tantrums and shifting blame onto others, they're going to have to lie in the bed they made and work with the one guy they were sure Hillary could beat. Frankly, I expect the tantrums to continue for the next 4-8 years, at least. Half of Dem voters are basically reconstructed Republicans at this point anyway, so the obstruction and wild conspiracy theories are par for the course. Oh, I guess I didn't actually answer your question. Try looking to Bernie for guidance. He's said he'll work with Trump on good policy and fight him on bad policy - showing, yet again, that he's one of the only adults in the room.
&gt; Isn't it gonna be great when you people can start telling the left to just go live in some other country if they don't like it If by "the left" you mean all the idiot liberals who thought Hillary would make a great president (who, BTW, are not left in any meaningful sense)... actually, yeah. Getting rid of those people would probably help a lot. It's not just the swamp in DC that needs draining.
So, your suggestion is to deliberately remove the intention from an intentional space so that more women will show up? Maybe they should keep it a singles night. That way, when mostly just men show up, both sexes will have the chance to understand why they're single, and maybe reevaluate their priorities.
They're called "Uterus Monsters" these days, ever since Trump's election normalized transphobia.
Protest is a tricky beast. It is difficult to deny that protests have successfully influenced public opinion and public policy; there are too many successful examples to count. It is also difficult to deny that there is some utility in inconveniencing others in order to draw their attention to some issue. On the other hand, protest doesn't make policy, and pissing people off tends to turn them against you. And many protests just flop. I think that the usual get-in-the-street-and-yell protests will be almost totally ineffective against Trump and his administration, and before long most of us will be cheering for the police to bash their stupid skulls in so that they'll leave us alone (if we aren't already); what's more, most of us are already at least somewhat aware of the issues and policies being protested. The protesters almost seem to believe that protests are a _persuasive_ tool - they aren't. If the protesters are really serious about change, they need to alter their tactics. Either turn violent, and start an insurrection or secession to create the government they want - or pour all that useless energy into fundraising, policymaking, media campaigns, and/or electoral politics. Legislate and advertise the change you want to see in the world; don't wait for the Republican Congress and the lobbyists to do it for you. Also, either clean house at the Democratic Party and throw out all the sniveling rats, liars, crooks, and cheaters, or build up a third party that can actually put forth good candidates and win elections, or else you'll be begging Republicans and Blue Dogs for change for a long-ass time. Of course, the last time I told protesters how to be intelligent here, I got some snarky "we don't need your approval"-style retorts, so: I've got popcorn, and I hope you all get pepper sprayed and skull bashed.
If they have no skills, how does the business make money? Fact is, being able to interact with people, speak a language, make change, use their hands to assemble sandwiches and so forth are skills - useful skills even, _as Burgerville's continued viability as a business proves_. Just because you disdain those things as common enough to take for granted doesn't mean they shouldn't earn a living wage. Actually, I'd kind of like it if all the workers who earn less than a living wage just stopped. Just stop working. Go on strike. Of course, they'd have to raid the (unmanned) grocery stores and warehouses for food, and they'd lose their utilities and there'd be mass evictions (which would kinda fail, because the sheriffs can only evict so many people at a time), and then you'd have chaos, riots, disease, crime, economic collapse. Everyone, including themselves and employers who actually pay their employees living wages, would suffer. But the way I see it, it would really be society's fault for not having a problem with fucking them over until they finally flipped the table good. Maybe we should just pay them a living wage already and stop being cheapass excuse-making motherfuckers.
&gt; 2 years. We take shit back at midterms or things get really fucked up. Unless you flush forty years of calcified shit out of the Democrats' stables in the next two years,you're not going to take much of anything back. Gonna need one hell of a river, Herc.
Well, turnabout is fair play.
&gt; People here screaming about Trump and Russia while ignoring the plutonium deal brokered by the Clinton's. It is laughably pathetic. Don't you mean uranium?
&gt; Why not here too? Because people who can afford rental properties have more right to do business than people who can't do to have homes, I guess. Classism: alive and kicking.
Recently I had three specimens from different patients come from the ED in rapid succession, all 3+ hemolysis, and all drawn by the same person. I suspect they may have been getting the blood with a vacuum cleaner, somehow. I swear to god if I'd gotten one more like that from them I would have taken the time to call the ED charge nurse and complain. Think I would've had a pretty good case, too.
It gets foggy fairly often, but not reliably so. And I thought the fog tended to be more of a spring thing? So you might be a little early. Or I might be misremembering. Anyway, think of alternate shots/locations you could do in drizzle (or snow, the way this year's going) and you'll be ready for anything.
Too bad none of those people actually care about anything worthwhile and are basically content with the status quo, apart from the current presidential administration.
According to Hillary's liberal supporters, if you didn't want Hillary and you don't 100% reject Trump, that makes you a Trump supporter. By that logic, sure, everyone who didn't participate is a Trump supporter.
They do have those conversations. They just don't agree with your premise or your framing.
Well, Clinton certainly wasn't going to address any of that either. But maybe Trump's people won't tell colleges that if they want to keep getting federal funding, they'd better try men accused of sexual assault in kangaroo tribunals designed to minimize the accused's ability to be treated fairly and maximize their likelihood of being expelled.
You're completely right. The time for these protests was 10 months ago, and the people downvoting you are a bunch of jerks who want to alienate you. Keep hanging on to truth; it's in short supply these days.
Well, if you asked a liberal, that's what they'd tell you.
&gt; They staged the largest protest in US history, and it went off completely without violence or rioting. And posed no substantial challenge to the elite. That's why the police were so friendly everywhere and the march got big positive treatments in mainstream media. Try staging a protest against oil pipelines or banks or the military, and see how long it takes for Officer Friendly to put on his riot gear.
If half of the population has solidarity with each other, but not with the other half, and the two halves have an antagonistic relationship, the other half has legitimate cause for concern. On that note, you're trying to cast women as so powerless and ineffectual that men have no cause to worry about them, and that it would take extraordinary insecurity to feel otherwise. I'm not really sure what to say about that, to be honest, other than pointing it out. Are women insulted by the idea that men should have no reason to worry about them because they're too weak to do any damage? Is anyone bothered by the dishonesty of your question?
They called a gaming convention "BetaCon"? Is this some kind of joke on the pickup/red pill folks?
I guess you don't follow politics much.
I'm further left than most here and even I want to get rid of the Arts Tax.
I guess you don't follow politics much.
STAND ON THE SIDEWALK AND GIVE ME SOMETHING TO AIM FOR
Yeah, I don't really want that much character.
THEY CAN TICKET ME IF THEY CAN CATCH ME
That's just what an internet tough guy would say.
And if you act a fool, you'll be thrown off a plane.
No, but that's what it is in this case.
"You're still breathing, right? So shut the fuck up."
&gt; And the Police rightfully should be ready for violence. Unfortunately, the message they're communicating to protesters by coming fully armed to a protest is that the _protesters_ had better be ready for violence. But then, that's just standard police protocol writ large, isn't it? Always offer more violence than the other guy until he concedes the game of chicken or starts shooting.
What if the shields were pink?
TRIUMPH OVER? I THOUGHT THEY WERE FULFILLING THEM.
WELL, CLINTON DID ALL OF THOSE, OR THE EQUIVALENT, AND PEOPLE STILL WANTED TO ELECT HER. YOU WERE ONE OF THEM, WEREN'T YOU? SO ARE YOU JUST NOW GETTING SICK OF THE LIES AND THE BULLSHIT BECAUSE TRUMP WON? I MEAN, I WOULD LOVE IF WE REPUDIATED ALL THE BULLSHIT, BUT WE GOTTA REPUDIATE __ALL__ THE BULLSHIT.
GUYS, I FOUND THE STRIPPER
SERIOUS QUESTION: WHAT FREEZE THAW CYCLE? I MEAN, IT WAS FROZEN FOR A WEEK BEFORE 40 DEGREE RAIN MELTED EVERYTHING.
I said once that the city should just offer a bounty. Cue every smart-ass 20-something tech nerd writing up some kind of badass script to find them all and collect the sweet reward money - and then other than the payouts, the city doesn't spend a cent looking for them.
Work on excising the rot and corruption from the Democratic Party and maybe by 2018 or 2020 they'll have candidates that people actually want to vote for, instead of being forced to pick from two terrible options.
I suspect there are interstate commerce laws that would make that sort of thing difficult.
Ehhh, seven years of watching people make excuses for Obama was all I needed to know that liberals don't actually care if government does the right thing, they just want their flag to win. Watching them ignore the irregularities in the Democratic primary and Hillary's crimes really brought that message home, if I had any doubts before. So, calm your tits, hate the ride, and look forward to your next chance to be the one who supported the person who's fucking everything up.
Now, hold on, it's not the whole left. Some of us have principles. Some of us aren't falling for the propaganda. I think you'll find the socialists and commies have a pretty clear view of things and aren't getting sucked into the partisan hypocrisy. Those other people? _Liberals._
Counting at home, are you kidding? I _made popcorn_.
Soooo, basically what you're saying is that they're a bunch of entitled, self-righteous asshole crybabies with a grossly distorted worldview where they're the victims, and they gleefully deal with any challenges to that worldview by responding with threats, harassment, and abuse? Sure you weren't just looking in a mirror?
I'm just glad that there's a growing faction on the left that's had just about enough of this shit.
&gt; "Quinnspiracy" Right, because things are never proxies for other things.
In principle I am not against beating down the Nazis when they pop up. The problem, and it is a very serious problem, is this: Who are the Nazis? Who do we open the Pandora's Box of violent mob justice on? The recent thread about antifa shutting down moderate speech shows exactly the kind of deranged vigilance we don't need.
&gt; For instance, if someone seeking office is opposed to gay weddings, citing the sanctity of marriage, it is relevant if they have been divorced. Is it really? Do your stances on policy change depending on who proposes the legislation?
You can't save our democracy without an effective opposition party. You won't have an effective opposition party unless you clean house. You can't clean house until you learn to recognize dirt.
That's not misogyny; it's an accusation of tokenism. Thanks for diluting the word a little more, though!
&gt; But she didn't deserve most of the criticism lobbed her way. Yes she did. She's riddled with faults and scandals.
&gt; I disagree, for several reasons. You can disagree for any reason you want, but you'll still be wrong. Misogyny has a specific meaning; it's not just whatever you want it to be. &gt; It's an attempt to make being female sound as weird and othered as possible. Here, have some tinfoil. &gt; How can the majority of humans be "tokens"? When your purpose or value is merely to act as a symbol for an identity, you're a token. Women can play that part as well as any other identity.
&gt; The "Bernie or Bust" liberals are the tumor of the democratic party and the main roadblock to US progressivism. You mean the road. They're _the road_ to US progressivism. Out of the two last candidates for Dem nomination, one of them had a progressive platform and integrity. The other was a criminal who took bribes from Wall Street and foreign governments, who oversaw the overthrow of democratically-elected governments by military coups, who pushed Obama to bomb Libya, who had racist, sexist, and homophobic history, and who said the first guy's progressive platform was bullshit. She also won the primary by cheating. And now you're salty because Berners refused to elect an anti-progressive criminal warmonger? Because, see, when you're progressive, that's what you do: NOT ELECT cheating anti-progressive criminal warmongers to represent you. Ever. Under any circumstances. Any time you want that unity you folks keep crying about, you know where to find us. We're not coming to you anymore. "Tumor" is a bit unflattering, but the Democratic Party needs to be gutted and rebuilt, and we're the ones to do it.
&gt; she did win by 3 million votes. If you remove nothing but California, Trump wins the popular vote.
&gt; Hillary was on target to a large victory until the intervention by the FBI and Russian hackers There were no Russian hackers, and you cannot prove otherwise. NO one has proven otherwise. The whole story started when Donna Brazile spit out some word salad when questioned about slipping Hillary CNN's debate questions in advance. But more importantly, all those emails did was show Americans the truth. That's precisely the kind of "election interference" we need more of. And the FBI didn't sabotage Hillary; they helped her by massively bungling their investigation, and then Comey got in front of TV cameras, explained how she was clearly guilty as sin - and then said he couldn't think of any reason to recommend indictment anyway.
&gt; Hillary killed him in debates No she didn't.
TPP would have been like a payday loan. Sure, it helps you now, but it's gonna cost you more later.
TPP would have been like a payday loan. Sure, it helps you now, but it's gonna cost you more later.
&gt; The hatred or distaste for women is misogyny, and focusing on VAGINA as a marker for that difference is a clear indication of dehumanizing /othering framing. Yeah, no. &gt; Clinton had one of the deepest resumes of any US presidential candidate in history Clinton's resume is garbage. She's spent her whole life being mediocre and grasping for power, the kind of person you never want to promote to upper management.
Bernie does it well, yes. It's still a trap for others to navigate.
&gt; time for a People's Party. Ultimately the rules _they_ operate by are expressly designed to defeat any such attempt.
Vaporwave recycles some of the look, but not the surf/skate culture.
&gt; We'll probably see a lot more of that type of politician going forward, trying to play both sides of the divide. We will need to develop a strategy for dealing with them, to make them see that they have one foot in each of two canoes and they'd better jump into one or the other to avoid getting wet. Strategy's very easy. Let them twist in the wind. "Both sides" is not acceptable. They need to burn bridges with The Big Club. I won't give Khanna one thin dime or one good word. He's dirty and we know it. Not my election to vote in, but I hope he loses.
Failing to plan is planning to fail, fool.
The left is definitely idealistic, and it shows in our politics and our values: fairness, equality, rule of law, etc. Well, that may be a nice set of norms for a peaceful society, but it's bringing a handshake to a gunfight as far as the elite are concerned. The right is far more at ease with might-makes-right, use-your-leverage, win-by-any-means, I think. They like having a strong military, they like guns - I think it's no coincidence that gun grabbers and pearl clutchers drift left, toward the idealists, even though popular disarmament is a bonkers idea for lefty social organization. If we get power, not just more people in office but actual legislative and executive control, I think we're definitely going to have to break the media and the banks ASAP. The usual suspects will scream about commie authoritarianism - _hopefully we'll have the populist right on board with the plan, we will need them on our side when this goes down_ - but we will need to damage the elite as badly as we can before they do it to us. For everyone else, discorporation may be an effective threat - remember, corporations are supposed to operate for the public benefit. No one enforces that, but we could start. I figure it's either that, or we start assassinating the elites and their associates until they either back down, or their subordinates are so terrified that they revolt. But that could descend into chaos so easily, and it's such bad optics, I'd rather the other way if possible.
ROFL
I was going to leave this as-is, but no. No. First, read the title of this post. Take your time; I know it's a long confusing title. Make sure you look at ALL the words. Take notes if you need to. . . . Okay. Now, tell me where it says "plan" in the title. Is it the first word? Maybe the second? Check the first word again. Is it somewhere _in between_ the first and second words, you fucking idiot? Or did you somehow read the phrase "A Warning" and think that it said HAY GUYZ I HAZ A PLAN? Strategic discussion around here has been almost entirely about whether to Deminvade or Demexit to a third party (which one? Nobody knows, even after 6+ months of Demexiting), how to win elections when election fraud is a thing, or who to try to get on our side. As far as I know, _none_ of it has been about what to do when we finally get a coalition with teeth and start making a real dent and then the oligarchy CORNHOLES us with sabotage. What is it Spud's always saying about how real need is going to drive people to progressive/left solutions? How about when we get those solutions in place and then the oligarchy kicks the economy off a cliff and blames socialism? What do we do then, Chuckles? How do we keep all those working class righties on the path when their worst fears are apparently confirmed? We have this institution whose primary purpose is to _win fights_. It's called the military. Do you think they just load themselves up pretty good with guns and jeeps and say, "well, there's no point trying to guess what our enemies will do, so we'll just cross that bridge when we get to it"? NO! Intelligence watches troop movements and production. Spies try to find out what people are planning. Enemy weapons and tactics are studied and we design specific countermeasures for them. We hold large-scale fake operations looking for ways to improve our own strategies. The military puts a huge amount of effort toward making plans and contingencies and looking for ways to disrupt the enemy before they can bring force to bear. Waiting around to see what a known enemy might do and having no good idea how to deal with it is strategic suicide. And the military doesn't whine about how there's too many possibilities. I didn't write this post to scare people away from fighting, but I don't see why you'd even bother if you just want to lose to a punch below the belt when the fighting heats up.
Scale is still small. A candidate here, a candidate there. Duplicated effort. Old volunteers. No network effects, no synergy - AFAIK. I hope someone has the sense and resources/drive/savvy to push for real organization/collaboration and work on it, we can't wait for _everything_ to just happen "organically". This is just like starting a business, except it makes progress instead of profit. Funding would really help here - we need people who can spend all day making calls, coordinating, building the network. Volunteerism only goes so far. Hard for anyone to give money to some startup they barely know to do things that may or may not pan out. Might be a better thing to "draft" Bernie for than an explicit party - his endorsement would help sell it. Might look weird for him to boost something that's not OR, though. I don't feel this is in my area of expertise at all.
&gt; Do we? I don't know. Do we? There are tons of supposedly-progressive orgs out there - some of them might even merit the label. Generally those are hungry for money of their own, but who knows, someone with the equivalent of a business plan might be able to get a small piece. There are celebrities out there who supported Bernie, still support Bernie's platform - would they help? What about the few politicians we trust - can they contribute? Are there state or federal grants available to political orgs? (I doubt it - every hack would start an org if it were that simple - but you never know.) I know fuck-all about fundraising from donors. Again: not my expertise. You can't pump those for money forever, of course. This is seed capital, basically. Maybe you can go back to the well if you show progress. The goal, funding-wise, is to transition from the original donors (who, again, we trust: it's pretty clean money) to popular funding. Is it enough? Would any of those people actually take the risk? I don't know. If the org existed, it could probably answer those questions.
&gt; It's like getting an old pickup in favor of an 90s model ford fiesta No, it's like getting a kick in the crotch instead of a poke in the eye. Hillary would not even have maintained the status quo, bad as it is. She would have made it worse. She would have pushed hard for more wars (and she would be Commander in Chief!!), more fracking, more neoliberal trade agreements, and she would have expanded her criminal activity and pay-for-play corruption through the Clinton Foundation and other vehicles and appointed bankers, lobbyists, and loyal toadies to her administration, all while "compromising" with the right on deregulation, tax cuts for the wealthy, dismantling Social Security, further gutting organized labor protections (not that there's much left), and so on, while ensuring us that she cared about "liberal" things in speeches but never doing anything substantial to enact them. And all the clueless naifs like you would go back to sleep, content to have a Dem in the office no matter how horrible she is, never holding her feet to the fire - _not that you can!_ - while she led the deathmarch toward more neoliberalism and took millions in dirty money to do it. And Flint would still be fucked. Nothing good was ever going to come from this bogus, rigged, bullshit election between two people who were utterly unelectable. When someone demands that you make a choice between two awful things, you don't surrender and pick one and pretend you're happy about it, you spit in their face and tell them to go fuck a cactus.
You really need to stop trying to 'splain to us what liberals are, especially when you say ignorant things like "when you bash on "liberals" you're effectively beating on the entire left spectrum of americans". And you definitely need to stop telling us how to speak.
Oh my god, he said NIGGER! Or nigga - I don't really care which. Was he denigrating or marginalizing black people? No - he was just making a tasteless and out of touch remark, which appears to be his job. So the pearl-clutching over this is pointless identity politics bullshit and I don't care. If they're going to fire him, fire him because he's always been a piece of garbage and he's long past his sell-by date, not because he committed SJW thoughtcrime. edit: as someone noted, if you're going to get all triggered, do it over his grotesque incivility to Cornel West. That was far more offensive, IMO.
Ugh. __Economics__ is the study of how human behavior is affected by various incentives, and the outcomes that emerge from groups of people responding to incentives. __Economic policy__ is about what outcomes we might want and how to achieve them by changing the incentives. The problem I have with this article - and, I have to assume, the book - is that it conflates economics with economic policy in a way that immediately puts the author's expertise in doubt. The other problem I have with it is that it attempts to portray this doughnut as some sort of model for economic activity, and it's not a model for anything. Basic human needs aren't in contradiction with environmental stewardship in any way that would support a model where they're in opposite directions from each other. So there's no meaning to these spatial relationships at all. The author could literally have just made a list of the things that are important to her and it would have been just as meaningful. But by portraying her priorities as though it were some kind of economic model, something that might reflect some kind of underlying system or data, she gives the whole thing an unwarranted air of legitimacy and credibility. It's dishonest and deceptive, and I'm annoyed because I know I'm being lied to.
I don't actually disagree with the thesis, but the title's awfully clickbaity...
&gt; What could be better for the economy? _Whose_ economy? Ah, there's the rub!
They don't care if Hillary and the DNC cheated. Let that sink in. They __don't care__ if Hillary and the DNC cheated. Tens of millions of Americans actively want a dangerous criminal who intends to harm and exploit them as their leader. The world would be a better place if they were all rounded up and thrown into a volcano. I'm not even kidding.
If by "comments" you mean the tweet replies, there's a lot of the usual shillbot bullshit, but there's a fair bit of pushback too. edit: tons of pushback now. Wil's getting an earful - not that he'll listen.
Fuck you, Millionaire Bernie, railing against the oligarchy and then taking an ordinary worker's month's pay from Goldman Sachs to fight for unity for Medicare for All... wait, am I doing this right? Where's my nickel, Brock?
False dichotomy much? Why should I stand with him? He hasn't drained shit, unless you think "draining" means "cutting out the middlemen and letting rich cocksuckers run the government directly". He's not heroically battling the deep state. Oh yeah, and what violent left are you talking about? Antifa? They don't seem very left to me. Neoliberals? They aren't left. You think Kathy Griffin is a leftist?? lol
I'm pretty sure Merkley is part of the kabuki theater; it's just that someone has to play the most progressive-looking one, and that's him.
I'm frankly astonished (and sad) it didn't come up during the election - preferably the primary. Bernie was taking the high road and wouldn't have called Hillary a slaveowner, but someone should have.
Labor is dead. This is true for two reasons, putting aside organizational concerns: one is that society is no longer so dependent on masses of men churning out things with their hands, and as automation increases (which it _will_ do, regardless of organization, wages, etc) this will become more and more pronounced. In a real sense, we already have almost nothing to withhold except favors (services). The second is that life has become more expensive. A hundred years ago you could live in a shack with a well, a hole to shit in, and no other utilities of any kind, and subsist to a large degree on firewood, hunting, chickens, and/or and food gardens, and do without a job for a while. Urban dwellers had it harder, but not to the point that striking was unthinkable. In theory, today's leftover laborers _could_ accept regressing 100 years or more to advance their agenda - but with rents as ruinous as they are, and so many people without substantial savings, they'd all end up being evicted, and no one really wants to do without electricity and running water and phone/internet and their car if they can help it, anyway. In any case, automation is happening - so what's your alternative? Having no power AND no money? Take the basic income, and if you're worried it won't be enough, fight for more than subsistence.
He learned it from _you!_
C'mon, man. Come up with your own counterarguments. I got you started, but I don't want to play libertarian all day.
You can have all the unity you want as soon as you come to where we are and support our policies and candidates. Think about it. We're unreasonable, uncompromising, _infuriating_ - but you can still beat the Republicans if you side with us. It's the pragmatic thing to do.
Well, Sol _is_ a nearly-unimaginably-large ball of plasma heated by constant nuclear fusion, which is the sort of thing that makes words like "bright" quit their job and spend their days staying hammered at the local bar. Note that extreme heat effectively kills MRSA. OP may be onto something, or on something.
Not exactly an OF, but generally similar and probably a bit more complex with the fernet and chai.
Clinton represents more than just a person or a candidate; she exemplifies the DNC's failure/betrayal/opposition of the American people by the neoliberal cancer that's infected the DC establishment and the cultural left, and in that sense she is constantly relevant.
America belongs to its owners first, not its citizens.
It moves a lot of useful idiots. Just because it failed last time doesn't mean they won't do it again.
/u/Trollabot xploeris
&gt; y all aren't even subtle anymore Ironic.
Antifa predates Hillary's runs for president by many years, and they seem to be far more driven by reactionary opposition to Trump and the right than any particular service to Hillary. Most of them are almost certainly _not_ on Soros' payroll; there is no shortage of self-righteous reactionary volunteers. So, uh, you can consider them whatever you want, but reality may not agree. _shrug_
Has nothing to do with antifa, though. They're reactionaries, not Hillary cultists trying to save the Dem establishment.
"We gorged on cheap land only to find the services not up to par!"
Ugh, "social warriors". That marketing sure isn't targeting me.
I think that Bernie is a kind of left-moderate who believes that a leap to socialism is not politically viable - and, as such, supports populist reforms that will make socialism more viable in the future. Which, if that's true, would actually make him a democratic socialist, just one working on a very long timeline.
Of course they can't trust the party. But they may be willing to hold their noses for some of the candidates. Berniecrats are nearly all outsiders, critical of the party too.
No, we absolutely can't win until we fix elections - even though it means we have to convince everyone that the elections are rigged! No, we can't win as long as capitalism exists! Until we destroy the the system underlying everything, there can be no real change! No! Listen to me! Climate change trumps EVERYTHING else! It doesn't even matter what other political victories we might or might not win if we're all too dead to benefit! "Climate change" is just another excuse to distract from race and gender! Your concern is really just white supremacist patriarchal cryptofascism! ...might as well pack it in, folks, obviously we can't win!
&gt; his actions are sending people to enter a party that is fully beholden to a corrupt Deep state. Sure. Where else are they going to see it? Most people aren't involved in politics. Most people don't SEE the corruption because they are not there to see it, they have not seen its action because they haven't tried to win an office or get a law passed or bring a highly-placed criminal to justice. The best way to show people corruption is to convince them to make positive efforts that it will foil. After they have seen and accepted enough evidence with their own eyes, then they will be ready to consider the explanation.
&gt; Right now, I don't see the necessary funding organization. I do see a lot of organizing efforts going on. As you noted, without someone going out and getting the money and sacrificing the time to make it work, we've got to wait for something to appear "organically". Every new org or candidate is like a piece of infrastructure that lowers that reaction threshold. Keep half an eye on Jane's new think tank; she's brought together a lot of good heads (and some questionable ones, but w/e) and I half-expect it to wield outsized influence.
&gt; he is leading our country against a sea of evil Well, I'm not convinced of _that_. At best, he seems to be leading our country kind of near it, you know, not _against_, but on the side like.
Fallacy of composition, much?
Henceforth, you are only entitled to my downvotes. You probably ought to burn this alt. You've made no friends today.
There's a special place in hell where all the boys are. Or something.
Or rock music. Or D&amp;D.
They'd better get one.
Eh. Negative, even violent political commentary is as old as dirt. Weren't kings and priests burned in effigy? Blaming the media is too easy, I think, too simple - it's finger-pointing, not analysis. And yet, every time someone tries to say that the media creates criminals and killers, that turns out not to be the case, or at least, only one part of a bigger story. Likewise, though this observation will likely be seen as tasteless, political violence itself has a long tradition, and not just in the form of terrorism. History is rife with usurpations, power struggles, civil wars, and sectarian violence. The cultural right in particular, which upholds the 2nd Amendment as a defense against tyranny, must accept that in times of great political strife (which this is), when the common man is oppressed by an adverse government, it is likely that some will take up arms against tyrants. Some are trying to pin this attack, as well as the one in Portland, on Bernie. But Bernie talks about addressing the real issues that affect Americans and about how we are ruled by an oligarchy. Surely if we did something to address these problems, we would end up with a healthier, happier nation - one in which fewer people feel the need to maim and kill for politics.
&gt; I've been seeing it for months. You've been seeing it for decades. But when bad policy hurts and kills, and oligarchy denies the victims political representation, how can we forbid them the right to self-defense? The right understands this - not when it comes out of a lefty's mouth, perhaps, but they get it just fine when it's the Bundys taking over federal land, or when they're talking about the second amendment. (Mind you, they have some convenient ideas about what constitutes tyranny and what doesn't.) If it were not for the left-right division keeping us mutually distrustful and antagonistic, the establishment would have much to fear. It's MLK's white moderates - the liberals - who give the violence of the state a pass while condemning the rebellion of the governed.
Ordinarily, I'm pretty cynical about America's political future. But Something is Happening; Trump's election may simply have been the Dems' failure (or Hillary's), but the fact that he won his primary handily is unusual, and so is the left/progressive grassroots surge (and not just into activism generally, but into electoral politics). I'm willing to see this play out a bit more before I go back to calling for violent revolution (or large-scale secession).
Precisely. We've already seen this with Obama and his sycophantic apologists who not only won't hold his feet to any fire (not that they _could_), but refuse to admit there was ever a need to do so and suggest that anyone who disagrees is a racist. We really don't need any more of that shit.
She would probably do most of that, minus whatever she blows up into a big phony symbolic fight to show the proles that she's on their side, honest - she just wouldn't admit she was doing it. Basically, both sides will fuck you over somehow. The Republicans will lie and say it's good for you. The Democrats will lie and say they're not doing it.
No, but THAT is an orchestrated effort to support the narrative that Russia is the reason Trump won, instead of Hillary's colossal negatives, her garbage fire of a campaign, and Democratic establishment malfeasance that elevated Trump in the hope he would be awful enough to drag their intolerable loser candidate across the finish line.
Much as I hate to legitimize the Russian hacking narrative, we need to understand whether that's a battle we can win, and what it will cost. If that fight's not worth it, then we might as well use it to get the election integrity we want. Otherwise we'll just be spinning our wheels in the mud and winning neither the perception war or the policy.
&gt; I have endless hope that the right candidate will present herself at the right time. Ah, so you're the guy in the story who passed up a raft and a rescue helicopter because he thought God would save him from a flood?
Might as well be. In fact, should be - or dissolved.
You could do a lot worse than Winco. Although the last time I got their chicken it was SUPER salty, so IDK...
Ironic.
I assume they just don't give a fuck. I mean, the national party starves the state parties of funds, even when states have Dem legislators they tend to be crooks, 50 state strategy is dead, etc. Deliberate malfeasance/negligence makes more sense than towering, farcical incompetence.
&gt; This author presents no counter-evidence to the pile linking Trump and his organization to Russia. Not a shred. Assertions without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. There has been a witch hunt for anything - ANYTHING! - connecting Trump to Russia, in order to cement the "Russian interference in US elections got Trump elected" story. And while there may be evidence that Trump and his people met with Russians, talked a bit, and did some business, there is _not a shred_ of evidence for the "interference" allegation. You can't get from "Trump knew a Russian dude!" to "Russia is why Hillary lost!" without a whole hell of a lot of stuff in between - and there's nothing connecting the two points. Hillary's flaws are indeed very relevant, because _they're what made her lose_. Not Russian interference.
Bit late to the thread, but you could have asked how the Democratic Party will advance a populist agenda when it's beholden to wealthy donors with an anti-populist agenda and trying to distract the public from this embarrassing fact with incoherent lies about Russia, and what he's doing as a member of the party to correct the problem. You could have added that you'd like to see the Democrats become a viable party again before they hemorrhage so many legislative seats that the Republicans will be able to unilaterally amend the US Constitution.
It's embarrassing for abortion advocates to avoid making the callous-but-accurate argument that unborn babies shouldn't have rights by instead making the utterly ridiculous argument that a fetus is part of the mother's body the same way a tumor might be. Is it because abortion advocates are genuinely stupid enough to believe that fetuses are tumors, because they don't feel they can make any effective arguments in favor of reduced legal status for fetuses, or are they just so opposed to men having reproductive rights that they had to invent a rationale for those rights that excludes anyone who's not biologically female?
If you can control who gets power then you can make sure that only the people you like get power - which means you wield power by proxy (assuming you don't just install yourself). So no, there is no difference.
There was already a large shift of consumer money from banks to credit unions around the time of Occupy. Now, years later, do you see any major change? Cause I sure don't. Banks aren't dependent on consumer savings and checking accounts; they do a ton of business with business and government (as well as car loans, small business loans, mortgages, etc. where you can't just "pull your money out"). You can pull your money out but it won't make much difference. Rather than that, or in addition to it, consider supporting the creation of a municipal or state bank.
As you say, she's a chair, so it's more party administration, not policy so much. But we can't have unity with neolibs, liars, crooks, foot-dragging phonies, so "unity" is pretty tone deaf unless she has a position and a plan, and if she has those then I've no idea what they are. And I'm not going to automatically assume she's on our side just because she was a Bernie delegate. So I'm calling this one thoroughly "meh" until I see substance or at least a stance.
What are you thinking? You can't make friends here. First off, everyone's already in a clique. They'll totally let you hang out with them but you'll never get _in_; it'll be fifth wheel forever while you try desperately to show them that you get their in-jokes and other social signals but it never makes any difference. The people who are not in cliques are annoying losers that you wouldn't want to be friends with anyway (btw, this is what YOU are to everyone else). But supposing you find someone you actually like and get along with, they're going to ditch you all the time for their other, better friends - or else after a while they'll ditch you for their newer ones. Or maybe they just flake all the time, because Portland. Or they'll just ghost you one day. Or they'll have incompatible religious and political views that they won't keep to themselves and expect you to tolerate, even validate. Or maybe they'll just stab you in the back one day. No, no. Forget friends. Just stick to video games and shitposting on the internet.
Is this mic on? MIC CHECK! If you think you can move more people to credit unions than Occupy already did - or find people more pissed off at the banks than they were in 2009 - you're welcome to try. Might need a ladder to reach those fruit, though.
And now he's using her as a platform for his message.
I was really hoping you needed someone to come to your home or workshop and remove paint from something.
Goddammit, we are not mental health wizards and there's only so much support we can provide for your crazy shit. Mental illness is the reason why you stay quiet, not the unwillingness of everyone around you to put their own needs aside and be your crutch.
Expectations lead to disappointment. Of course that applies both ways, so maybe try bumbling through life living one minute at a time and never looking down the road?
Apparently you dream of being homeless &gt; AND FOR THE RECORD, ALL OF MY DREAMS INVOLVE A SALARY FUNNY HOW YOU SAY THAT BUT YOUR MOM KEEPS ASKING
&gt; NOBODY EVEN TOUCHED MY LEGS AT PRIDE AND I HAD THEM OUT FOR FUCK'S SAKE That's a thing? Crazy. &gt; PEOPLE SEIZE UP AS SOON AS I EXPRESS AN INTEREST IN THEM ... LOWKEY HATED HOW INVISIBLE I CONSTANTLY FELT. Speaking as a straight dude: rofl, yeah, that's what being attracted to women is like. Oh, and also have a lot of them think it's cool to treat you like a rapemurderhobo who's indirectly responsible for most of their problems.
Pretty sure Demexiters aren't working on taking over the local and state Dem party orgs.
That's the best argument you have? Why did you bother?
YOU FOUND IT THO
I guess that means that this July 4th, I won't walk from my employer's parking garage to my assigned work area through a hail of reverberating explosions like some kind of thousand-gun salute. Aww. :(
boo fucking hoo, that happened in the 80s/90s as well
The problem is that everyone in this sub is fucking terrible. Yes, I will include myself in that assessment if that will close the sale. ...also, the problems being caused by the sudden influx of residents are real problems. I don't see all those people who are coming here to buy "cheap" houses volunteering to be taxed through the nose or fighting for wage hikes to counteract the economic damage they're doing, so maybe they should have the good grace to not complain that we're mean to them while they're systematically fucking us out of our city. And yeah, I only stick around this sub because it's local, because the people are fucking terrible, as I said.
IT SEEMS LIKE GUN CONTROL - THAT WON'T MAKE SENSE, SO I'LL EXPLAIN LIBERALS BE LIKE, "GUNS ARE BAD, AND YOU DON'T NEED A GUN, SO THERE'S NO REASON WHY YOU SHOULD HAVE ONE" PORTLAND LIBERALS BE LIKE "CARS ARE BAD, AND YOU DON'T NEED A CAR, SO THERE'S NO REASON WHY YOU SHOULD HAVE ONE" BECAUSE APPARENTLY IT'S COOL TO MOVE BY BIKE AND SPEND FOUR HOURS CROSSING THE CITY BY BUS TO GET ANYWHERE AND CERTAIN PARTS OF THE CITY ARE VERY WALKABLE (EVEN IF YOURS ISN'T) AND NOBODY EVER TAKES ROAD TRIPS, BUT IF THEY DID THEY COULD TAKE GRAYHOUND OR HITCHHIKE OR WHATEVER THE FUCK PEOPLE DO TO TRAVEL OVERLAND WITHOUT CARS
PRETTY SURE SKIN TESTS CAUSE AUTISM, CHIEF
I am frankly astounded that people still don't understand "all lives matter". I shouldn't be, but I am.
Well, that's a load of shit, because there are multiple historical examples of multiracial (including whites) class coalitions that got results.
I don't know - why did you? __Stop trying to "influence" or "push" Dems.__ The only cure for establishment Dems and their suckups is to __replace__ them... either from the inside or the outside.
Norwegian Forest cats are hella fancy... just sayin'.
&gt; Nevertheless, people presume that "greed" results in workers being "underpaid". Because it does. Even Adam Smith said so.
At this rate, I'm kinda thinking the Republican may be able to snag the office next time, if they predict the best time to run to the middle.
Weeeeeell, you can take that position, sure. But that generally gets you transplants with spears who don't give the slightest fuck what you think is "yours" or whether you have enough left over when they're done spearing.
Face value, none of those things sound particularly terrible to me. They sound like almost dissolving the US, basically, which is not dissimilar to secession.
What are you talking about? Portland's full of liberals; they don't care about working class losses even if they suffer from them. Didn't you hear that class is just a ruse to derail women and PoC?
So let's say all of this is 100% true, verified by a reliable neutral onserver or extensive evidence which can be provided to the public (scans/photos?). What is the next step or steps? Can Ellis simply assume control of the state chair based on the evidence? Will the courts intervene or provide any kind of support? Will there be any kind of criminal/civil investigation? How do we get from evidence to officially recognizing Ellis as the winner?
"The left" isn't a monolith; we're made up of a lot of different groups mushed together, some of which shouldn't even be called "left". When you understand the different groups and know what each one wants, the left makes a lot more sense.
The Democrats invented the Russian collusion story to attack Trump and distract the public from the fact that the DNC cheated to get Hillary nominated and Hillary still lost because almost everyone hates her and she had a terrible campaign. You'll find that damn near everyone here is in agreement about that. (edited for accuracy - tried to keep it brief but cut too much)
What? He's got one at home in Vermont, one cheap little place in DC he uses when he's in town working, and they recently inherited one. That's better than a lot of people, I'll grant you, but the guy makes $177k/year as a US senator, he ought to be doing okay. And the oligarchs on Wall Street he calls out are thousands of times richer than him.
All I needed to hear, thanks.
I wouldn't recommend Mi Miero Mole anyway. I mean, their food is decent, I guess, bit overpriced maybe, but I always feel like I'm expected to thank them for being so awesome and they're not even awesome. Also, the last couple of times I tried to go there (admittedly a couple years ago) they didn't seem to feel any obligation to be open when they said they would be open.
&gt; I worry that there is no way the non-left is able to easy discern which group is actually which. It's not that hard to discern which is which - I think. It does require more than zero effort, though, which is where a lot of people trip up, because that's about the amount they want to put in. The right's the same way, you know. You've got your libertarians, your ancaps, your classic conservatives, your Christian extremists, your militias, your moderates, your cryptomonarchists (my name for them), and so on. They don't all have the same vision for society, they're not all well-represented, and the sort of right-wing amalgam we see in the media doesn't accurately describe them. And a lot of the left doesn't understand the right either; they think it's a monolith of angry white people who hate brown people and gays, who want women to get back in the kitchen, who hate the poor and want wealthy people to have all the decision-making power, who don't care about (or even believe in) climate change. The mainstream corporate media is what's doing a lot of the perception damage. The information we get from the media is by no means "balanced" or "neutral", let alone honest; it's all cherry-picked to tell the kinds of stories that their owners, or their associates, want told; and then they leave out everything that they don't want anyone to know about. People gravitate to the stories they want to hear as their personal experience or political beliefs incline them, and then they get drunk on tribalism and go parroting all the bullshit they just heard and fight with each other over which bullshit story is true. It is a problem. &gt; The other half is just not that concerned on transgender rights Well, they would be if they were transgender. I mean, that's the truth of it. Trans rights are pretty important to trans people. But the left _that you see_, which is mostly liberals and not actually very left at all, doesn't talk about class struggle. You can't turn on the TV and see Democratic officials talking about how ordinary people are suffering, and how they're going to address that problem. You don't usually see people who are _actually_ left on talk shows, being given time to explain their ideas, unless it's in a hostile "debate" format where a bunch of other people get to put them on the defensive. You don't see investigative news stories about election fraud, or how there's very little social mobility (i.e. rags to riches, or vice-versa) in America. We got a little of that with Occupy. We got a bit more when Bernie ran for President, because _he_ would talk about those things - but you didn't get to see him on TV much. We're going to get a bit more, hopefully, now that a lot of pissed-off Bernie supporters are rolling up their sleeves and taking over the Democratic Party and primarying the old Democrats.
Originally, all that noise came from the Clinton campaign. But the Dems picked it up and ran with it after Trump's election, and it's been pushed so hard by an obedient media that there are a lot of ordinary liberals and progressives that actually believe it, so now they're amplifying it on their own. Also, the Clinton campaign and some of its wealthy donors paid _millions of dollars_ to astroturfers to spam comment sections and social media with pro-Clinton propaganda, and those groups are still actively pushing pro-Clinton and pro-Dem establishment lies (including the Russia stuff) as far as we know. They're trying to make that group look as big as possible, like there's a massive public consensus, and drown out any opposition.
Is there some way I can donate anti-money?
_sigh_
Obviously the govt is determined to waste that money; long as that's the case, he might as well get a piece. Good on him.
They're already trained for that. __GET ON THE GROUND! GET ON THE GROUND NOW! STOP RESISTING!__
You're resisting integrity.
Funny how we get treated like a cult of personality, but it's a Trump supporter who can't look beyond the man and see the greater effects of Bernie's message and actions. edit: Mmm, look at the trolls and downvoters go!
A great way to stop something is to offer to lead it, and then do nothing.
There are ideas here, sure. But it would have been JUST as substantive if the author had simply said what economic policy they want, without trying to tie it to some nonsense doughnut that crumbles under scrutiny.
The right is not a monolith. There are people on the right who respect sticking to your guns, who respect honesty - Bernie would have had a good shot at getting those votes, for real, even though they disagreed with his politics. And some of those people, bizarrely, are Trump voters... well, consider his opponent. (Let's not pretend that third parties were serious contenders: 95% of the voters didn't.) But then you have... well, these centipedes. People who were always going to be tribalists for Trump - and yes, they offered sympathy, concern, and allegiance, and yes, they were completely full of shit. I suppose they thought they had cunning. And most of us, I hope, knew or suspected that bullshit when we saw it. If not, we know it now. My question is, how big are each of these groups really?
Armor is a fine thing in war, but what you need for day to day life is skill at arms! At Fernando's Italian-style fencing salon, you will learn all the skills you need to protect yourself and your valuables from ruffians and bandits and present favorably at court! All you need to get started is your own rapier and a letter of introduction from one of the noble houses, wrapped around a gold brick still bearing its purity stamp.
pastry bag.
&gt; You can quit throwing around grandiose terms like "wage slavery" I can, but I see no reason to. &gt; and "institutionalized slavery" "Institutionalized poverty", which absolutely does describe working a minimum wage job in this country. &gt; That said, Wal-Mart employs minimum wage workers and it isn't a failing business. Any business that can't generate enough revenue to pay its employees a living wage is a failure. Let them fully pay for the labor they use, then we'll see who survives and who fails. &gt; A lot fewer people will have jobs. _eyeroll_ Yes, because I'm sure what Americans want from a job is to barely get paid enough to scrape by. Those are definitely the kinds of jobs that need saving.
You're not making any sense. Were you trying to reply to someone else, or would you care to start over?
If you're looking to address wealth inequality, income tax is closing the barn door after the house has escaped. Go after the wealth directly. While we're at it, split up the big companies and break the regional monopolies.
Labor is only a small part of the cost of most goods and services, so price increases will be small and real income will increase substantially.
&gt; I don't think minimum wage people will spend their increased wages on more goods and services necessarily if we are talking about a wage increase of a couple dollars per hour. Many have debt or are students with loans. Many will save as well. So it sounds like you agree that the poor benefit, but there's a lag period between when the increases are made and the poor retrench debt and/or consolidate a rainy day fund, during which those businesses which are least efficient or have the least value to offer struggle. All this sounds fine to me, I'm not sure why you would object unless you prefer to have a permanent underclass propping up poorly performing businesses.
&gt; All that should matter is eliminating poverty. If everyone can afford to meet their basic needs, like food and medical care, then there is no problem. (Even if some people can afford yachts and others can't.) On the contrary, wealth inequality is a drag on our economy and has a variety of other harmful effects which may not be obvious (for instance, the whole Citizens United kerfluffle would just go away if no one could afford much more paid speech than anyone else). Justice Brandeis famously remarked on this: "We may have democracy, or we may have wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both."
The dead hate nothing.
Well, they should get what they pay for. But then, if people are dumb enough to want a full time job for no pay...
The test of political representation isn't whether your politician looks like you, it's whether they listen to you and advance your interests - or, if your interests are selfish or controversial (as so many are), includes you in the group of people that a fair compromise must satisfy. It's not necessary to be a woman to represent women, so the idea that Congress doesn't represent women is absurd (which is to say, it doesn't represent most women, but in the same way it doesn't represent most men either). Wasn't there something about 56% of women voters picking Trump in the election? Would you feel better represented by people who share your anatomy but not your politics?
Sure, women hold up half the sky when they want something - more power, more money, more recognition - but somehow the rest of history and society is all men's fault. I don't think women understand what men, especially poor men, face. Lord knows anyone who tries to talk about men's problems gets shouted down as a whiny baby or an entitled bro or a neckbeard misogynist - and a lot of women seem to think that men's lives are just like theirs, except that we're carefree and don't have to do anything to be handed success.
In no way can I speak for all of the left, but: yeah, basically. We're not cops. If we punch these kids in the face, suddenly we're the bad guys. And we don't run the school, so it's not like we can say "wow, fuck you, get off our campus" and then call the actual cops on them when they trespass or harass people. I suppose most social issue activists would say the same thing, if you meant _that_ left. I do hope they've uninvited those kids from all the meetings, BBQs, orgies, etc.
&gt; They choose whom they want. All they have to do is change their bylaws to say that, and start paying for their own primary elections (or better yet, not having public primaries at all), and then that'll be fine. But their bylaws don't say that, and their elections run on the public dime, so Bernie did get cheated and it is our business. Any other questions?
If single payer passes, it will be the result of a lot of hard work and tears from countless activists and advocates - but Bernie will probably be the single person _most_ responsible for it.
Precisely. They distribute it differently. The US is already overflowing with wealth and we make more every year. We have the capability to produce or trade for abundant amounts of everything we need. Production's not the issue.
While that shortage _is_ a problem, the bigger problem is that not everyone can be an above-average, highly skilled worker - so how do we restructure society to eliminate the assumption that everyone can, or has to, work a traditional job for a living? What are we going to do with all those truck drivers, janitors, fast food employees and so on? The current answer seems to be "the world doesn't owe you a living; if you want to be comfortable you have to work", and that answer isn't going to be sufficient in the future - unless we decide to end technological and social development and smash all the robots.
Sweet, now will they list all the lies they've told since the primaries started?
I am of course against this kind of artificial consensus being used to manipulate the public or silence dissent. That said... typically, when someone questions GMOs, it is based on very little thoughtfulness and less science, and is paranoid, scientifically illiterate quackery or alarmism, and I will shed very few tears if that bullshit and idiocy is drowned out.
This year, can it be attended only by the women who protested when Hillary rigged the primary? Figure that ought to cut the McResistance activity down to nearly nothing.
Is there a place so good it has a line going out the door? A pho queue?
Can confirm we're running a bunch of these.
And here we see why SJWs insist that class is a distraction from social justice: because _they_ can't stand coexisting with socialists. They want to be the only game in town and they don't care how many characters they have to assassinate to make it happen.
Yeah, but what kind of liberals are they? The kind Phil Ochs sung about, who espouse fashionable center-left positions but stop short of any kind of real change? MLK's "white moderates"? The kind that wring their hands about the poor, the homeless, the environment, the corruption in government, and so on, and then go on mostly electing George Carlin's "rich cocksuckers who don't care about you" because they retweet feminists or BLM and make ineffectual noises about "resisting" Trump? Meanwhile, you have a significant minority of social justice radicals/griefers who enable the worst easily-triggered snowflakes and drama queens in Portland and make it their mission to sabotage the left. Then you have another significant minority of right and center right people who insist that capitalism is just great, it's only crony capitalism that's the problem - and then support all of their own corrupt rich cocksuckers, and call for "pro-business" deregulation that just takes more power away from the people and accelerates the growth of wealth inequality. All of these groups are too busy having their culture wars to understand or care that the real conflict in this country isn't left vs. right or Democrat vs. Republican, it's the common people vs. the wealthy elites who are the defacto (and sometimes literal) owners of our various governments, our commerce, our schools, our media, our courts, and so on. There is a class war. The rich have been fighting it for the past half century, _and they're beating the rest of us like a red-headed stepchild_, which is why America is sinking into poverty and disrepair and our own representatives are apparently helpless, or even unwilling, to do anything about it.
It's like people don't even understand what rights or democratic self-rule are anymore. "Our government is too unaccountable! We need to replace it with an even less accountable corporation!"
Jesus Christ. If Chloe's hiring people who are against muni broadband, there's your fucking sign. Not that "call me __High Lord Commissioner__" wasn't a sign, but this is policy.
Owning a pittance of stock does not make you either a member of the bourgeoisie or an owner of the means of production. Pretending you're part of some r/iamverysmart club because you know about mutual funds and IRAs is sad.
r/latestagecapitalism might be an echo chamber, but most of it isn't wrong. But okay, we've got some "I get to retire early bro" jackass who scarcely understands anything Marx said (but tries to use his words anyway) calling me an edgelord. Sure.
If you farm metal floors in the 20s you might find some steel. Good luck, Death Burner works great on Crowley and is a fantastic weapon at that point in the game.
MLK wasn't a SJW, he was the real thing. "SJW" is kinda sarcastic, it refers to all the authoritarian assholes and thought police and drama queen crybullies who act like they care about social justice but they're really just hiding behind it while they use it to attack people or make unreasonable demands. They're usually great at coming up with bullshit reasons why something is "racist" or "sexist" or whatever-it-ist, and they love swinging their big identity politics boners around, but they often only have a cargo cult grasp of theory, and/or they're so insufferable that they drive away potential allies instead of attracting them (and if you point this out, then they'll just say those people were never allies anyway and they'll have to be shamed and abused into compliance). Unfortunately, they're not just loud, they're _common_. You can't really go anywhere in left activism without running into them sooner or later.
Winning the power to implement your desired policies through electoral politics is just gravy. What really matters is that your social network sees that you’re doing your part to oppose the Other Team. That’s why snowflaky Dem voters march against Trumpism but punch left when we point out that their spineless shitbags in Congress are green lighting Trump’s cabinet full of billionaires.
&gt; Maybe we have a huge problem with police recruiting, and undiplomatically pissing off the rank and file in the newspapers isn't a way to solve that problem? Maybe making the Portland Police an organization that doesn’t lie to the people it ostensibly serves will make decent people want to join.
The city of Portland can’t even solve housing issues for non-homeless white people who are seeing their housing costs rise much faster than their wages. The idea that we can solve our homeless problem, which will require a much larger investment in housing, mental health and addiction treatment, job training, social work, etc. and we’re just not doing it because privilege is fucking ridiculous. It’s going to take a pile of state and probably federal funding, or else some kind of radical revolution where we seize and repurpose privately owned land, to make a dent in that problem. But muni broadband? That we can totally do on our own, if everyone can just put on their Big Citizen pants and get it handled.
He’s not even a good socialist. Supported Hillary, for fuck’s sake.
Saying "don't upgrade, there's better stuff coming in the future" to muni broadband is kind of like saying "don't upgrade, there's better stuff coming in the future" to someone in the market for a new computer. It's usually bad advice: sure, better stuff might come later, but you need that upgrade NOW. I wonder how many pushing the "don't upgrade yet" line are just spreading FUD and vaporware for the ISPs.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS W DOING HERE
I honestly don't remember what we consider atypical lymphs at my lab. ...I should probably find that out. The one on the right is definitely reactive, pretty classic appearance. The one on the left is kinda plasmacytoid. But is it "atypical"? I think that's reserved more for malignant or just plain weird lymphs, not ones that are reacting normally to e.g. a viral infection.
&gt; It keeps you weary, looking for mistakes, and keeps your work good. The word you want is _wary_. Weary techs are quite common, but it's certainly not improving their work.
I asked questions all the damn time when I was starting out. Still do, in fact. There's a lot of "how do you guys handle this edge case?" and "where is the damn (supply)?" and "how many shots do I need to leave on this instrument I rarely have to refill?" that aren't in any written procedure. And anything I remember having to ask more than a couple times, I make a note on a little notepad I keep in my pocket. But then, a lot of that probably has to do with how supportive your coworkers are. Mine are generally helpful, but I hear a lot of stories about toxic labs where the answer to a question more often than not is "do whatever you want" or "if you don't know that by now, you shouldn't be working here." I do think the programs are a bit too memorization-heavy. Like, okay, it's hard to talk about abnormal results if you don't know what the normal range is - but when there are a zillion analytes out there and the LIS gives you the ranges, you don't need to memorize most of them. You don't need to memorize formulas for creatinine and things like that, you'll have access to references you need in the lab. Having lookup tables in your head is fantastic, but getting them there takes an investment of time that isn't necessarily justified.
That's a nasty question. Medicine is full of rules and procedures that you're expected to follow. But, sometimes, it's better for the patient if you break them. What's better for the patient is almost always the right choice... but that doesn't mean you won't have to stand up in front of a critical supervisor or administrator and defend your choice, especially when your paper qualifications are a lot less impressive than whoever wrote the rule or procedure to begin with. And there's no guarantee they'll agree you did the right thing, either. So what are they testing when they ask you this question: whether you always do what you're told, the way you're told to do it? Or whether you have the ability to think independently and use good judgement? Better guess right, or you'll blow that interview for sure...
Not familiar with any controversy around cholesterol or genetic links to leukemia - but supposing there is controversy, what do you expect MLS students to do about it? They are in no way equipped to do that sort of research themselves, nor to magically intuit the right answer from first principles, nor will it have much bearing on their work anyway. We assay things. Sometimes we correlate results to patient condition or make suggestions. Doctors are the ones who diagnose and develop treatment plans. If your vague allusions to "dogma" and "critical thinking" didn't already do this, your rather extraordinary claim that there are cheap, safe, and (I presume) effective treatments for leukemia that are known but not used give off a strong whiff of crackpot.
Hm. Dialogue doesn't seem very faithful to the book, like they just took the ideas and wrote around them. Eh, I'll still check it out. Could be good. Low expectations, though.
That and cultural gaps.
Fun fact: what you think of as "the left" is really three groups, roughly speaking. Liberals - Actually centrist. Aren't bothered much by, say, DINOs. Would probably actually vote for moderate Republicans, except the Republicans are on the Other Team and therefore the devil. They pretend to care about social causes, but it's mostly shallow posturing. Really, the only thing "left" about them is they hate anyone on "the right". SJWs - These are your insufferable feminists and race activists and trans activists who hate men and white men and cishetero white men and are constantly telling you to check your privilege and you need more diversity and not centering queer black women of color is an act of patriarchal colonialist violence. They're also more likely to have weird hair and tattoos. Other than that, they're pretty much exactly like the liberals. Socialists - These are the only _actual_ leftists in the group. They range from social democrats (eh, we can keep capitalist markets, but let's regulate business more, and let's raise taxes on the rich, and let's increase public spending, and let's raise wages, etc) to actual socialists and communists (seize the means of production! destroy the banks! overthrow the government!). They favor social equality because dividing power among the masses means all the people in those masses should be treated the same, but it's not their major animus. Now, the liberals and the SJWs get along pretty well. The liberals pay lip service to social justice issues and validate the SJWs, and the SJWs are happy to vote for all the DINOs the liberals like as long as they're getting pandered to, and if you have a problem with that, they'll both gang up and accuse you of being a Republican sympathizer and secret racist/sexist/xenophobe/whatever. Mind you, if you locked them in a closet together they'd probably end up killing each other, but as long as they have common enemies (white men and everyone on the right) they're cool. The socialists despise the liberals for being phony left. The liberals didn't used to care much about the socialists beyond making them false promises at election time and demanding they vote for the Dem candidate and not a spoiler... but they've been at war since 2016, when the socialists said "fuck you and your fake-ass left coalition" and the liberals started screaming their heads off about Russia and Nazis and Trump. Everything you see about infighting in the Democratic Party? It's liberals and socialists wrestling for control of the only non-Republican party with any hope of winning federal elections. The SJWs hate the socialists because the socialists care more about class than they do about race or gender or GLBT, and so they're constantly accusing the socialists of being racist, sexist neckbeard bros who are using class to distract people and derail Very Important Conversations about the SJWs' bullshit grievances and microaggressions. The socialists don't really hate the SJWs so much as they find them clueless, misguided, and annoying, but there's a growing sentiment that it's time for the SJWs to either get on board with class struggle for real or else shut the fuck up because they're getting in the way. ("Progressives", if you're wondering, are kinda somewhere in the middle. They're more pro social democracy than liberals, and they put more energy into social justice than liberals. But they tend to lean more SJW than socialist. Real progressives, I mean; centrist Democratic candidates jump at the chance to call themselves progressives like a guy who tried going vegan for a month and hated it jumps at a juicy burger, but they're full of shit.)
Cool beans.
You have to have a really, really rosy view of feminism (or a very shallow one) to be surprised by that. Those of us who have realized how much of feminism is just an attention-seeking, man-hating power grab weren't surprised even a tiny bit when some of them started saying that people with penises weren't allowed to join the Real Women club (or get the perks) and that people with vaginas who decided to be men were gender traitors.
Keep me out of your fanfic, thanks.
"Hey guys, here's this thing that another city is ACTUALLY DOING and it's helping! How about doing that here?" "Nope, can't do that here because lazy reasons." PORTLAND: THE CITY THAT WORKS
Seeing the number of people who still don't realize that Hillary Clinton is an unprosecuted criminal who cheated to win nomination and think that Russia substantially interfered with our election and that Trump is their puppet, I don't see how making Trump release tax returns is even remotely enough to inform our electorate well.
Which governments? You don't mean Saudi Arabia, do you?
We don't agree on a whole lot, but I'm right with you here on this being hilarious. I feel like we should have hiked tariffs years ago. "Free trade" can suck my left nut. And just because the US doesn't compete well now (because we've been sending all our solar money overseas and letting US industry wither on the vine) doesn't mean we won't be better off ten years down the road for this. Doing whatever saves us the most money right now without any kind of coherent vision for the future just gives us the economic equivalent of the platypus or fainting goat. Or impacted wisdom teeth. This is not to say that I think Trump HAS a coherent vision. Nothing he does is coherent. He's spent his entire life making up shit as he goes along and letting class privilege shield him from his failures. But I'm fine with a bit of trade protectionism.
&gt; Cut off the free stuff, demand accountability and responsibility. Why should we demand things from the homeless that we wouldn't demand from our police or elected officials?
Developer: Awesome! Here you go. By the way, there's more where that came from if you take this sledgehammer and break up that concrete slab...
"Hey, we think you should clean these areas for nothing." "Uh, no." Great idea, chief.
So basically, democracy is a failure and we'd be better off if we were ruled by kings and nobles. (I really want that to be biting sarcasm, but let's face it. Modern America is hopeless at actual democracy.)
If everyone got what they deserved, who would escape unsightly nudes?
YOU CAN REALLY SEE THE POWER DIFFERENTIAL BETWEEN LANDLORDS AND TENANTS WHEN IT COMES TO GETTING SHIT DONE. MISS A RENT CHECK BY A FEW DAYS? BOOM, LATE FEE. NO COURTS, NO BULLSHIT, NO WARNING LETTERS. MISS IT BY A FEW MORE, MAYBE BECAUSE YOU THOUGHT THE CHECK GOT MAILED? BOOM, EVICTION NOTICE. YEAH, THEY HAVE TO GO TO COURT TO ACTUALLY EVICT BUT THE WHOLE THING IS STREAMLINED. BUT IF YOU HAVE AN EMERGENCY MAINTENANCE ISSUE THAT'S DAMAGED THE PROPERTY AND HARMING YOUR USE OF IT AND THEY'RE DRAGGING THEIR FEET AND BEING GENERALLY INCOMPETENT, NOT ONLY CAN YOU NOT SLAP THEM WITH ANY KIND OF FEE OR ANYTHING, BUT YOU HAVE TO SEND THEM A LOT OF FRIENDLY REQUESTS AND WARNINGS BEFORE YOU EVEN HAVE THE RIGHT TO JUST HIRE SOMEONE TO FIX IT YOURSELF AND DEDUCT THE COST FROM THE RENT. OR, IF THEY FIX IT FIRST, BUT THEIR FIX SUCKS ASS, YOU'RE PRETTY MUCH STUCK WITH WHATEVER THEY GAVE YOU. AND SURE, TECHNICALLY YOU CAN SUE THEM TO BREAK YOUR LEASE IN SOME CASES (HURRAY, SUDDEN AND TOTALLY UNPLANNED MOVE, IN PORTLAND'S RENTAL MARKET NO LESS) OR TO TRY TO REDUCE THE RENT, BUT NONE OF THAT SHIT IS STREAMLINED AT ALL. AND SURE, A LOT OF THAT STUFF IS JUST IN THE CONTRACT THAT YOU SIGNED. BUT IT'S NOT AS IF YOU HAVE A FUCKING CHOICE IS IT? GO AHEAD, SHOW UP TO A LEASE SIGNING, ANY LEASE SIGNING, AND CROSS OUT ALL THE BULLSHIT BOILERPLATE AND TACK ON A SUPPLEMENTAL PAGE OF FEES PAYABLE TO THE TENANT, SEE HOW WELL THAT GOES FOR YOU. I'M SURE THE CORPORATE DRONE OR GREEDY MCSTINGYFINGERS SMALL LANDLORD WILL AGREE TO YOUR PROPOSED CHANGES. AND STILL LANDLORDS WILL WHIIIIINE ABOUT HOW TENANTS HAVE SO MANY RIGHTS AND HOW HARD IT IS TO BE A LANDLORD - DON'T YOU FUCKING BELIEVE IT.
A HIGH SODIUM DIET WON'T HURT MOST FOLKS YEAH, YOUR KIDNEYS WORK A LITTLE HARDER AND YOU RETAIN WATER AND YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE GOES UP A LITTLE, BUT FOR ANYONE WHO'S ALREADY HEALTHY, NONE OF THAT MATTERS THE SLIGHTEST BIT IF YOU'VE ALREADY GOT SOARING BLOOD PRESSURE OR BAD KIDNEYS FROM SOME OTHER DISEASE, THEN YEAH, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CUT BACK ON THE SALT
THE WAY TO DEAL WITH THIS IS TO STOP HAVING THOSE PEOPLE AS YOUR FRIENDS. YOU DESERVE BETTER P.S. MY CONDOLENCES ON THE IMPENDING DECIMATION OF YOUR SOCIAL NETWORK. I HEAR KNITTING, VIDYA GAMES, AND POSTING INCOHERENT SCREEDS ON REDDIT ARE GOOD HOBBIES FOR LONE WOLVES
JUST FUCKING ADMIT THAT YOU'RE TOO CRAPSACK TO HAVE BORING FUN WITH ME SO I CAN PLAN TO VISIT A DOG SHELTER OR A HOOKER OR SOMETHING.
"PREPARE FOR THE BEST SEX EVER" "WAIT, WHAT'S IN THAT BOX?"
&gt; There is no clause anywhere in any legal document that grants a state the ability to obfuscate a candidate That's right. There isn't. _Because states already have that ability by default._ Which is why we have ballot access requirements at all. Jesus Christ, none of you dumb fuckers can even be bothered to learn how elections or election laws or anything actually works. You don't deserve democratic self-rule. Oh wait! You don't actually have it either, because the rich pull all the strings and elections are just circuses. So I guess that's okay. &gt; not being listed on a state's ballot is a huge fucking deal Tell it to third party candidates. Actually, tell it to the state legislature and Secretary of State on behalf of the third party candidates.
Remind me what Russia funded again? A handful of incoherent Facebook ads, wasn't it?
&gt; The federal government protects citizens from unreasonable search and seizure. No one is searching or seizing anything. &gt; It's no different than Jim Crow laws calling on people to demonstrate eligibility to vote Apart from how it has nothing to do with eligibility to vote and is therefore completely different. &gt; More over, eligibility to run for office is not affected by this proposal. Dumb. Fuck.
&gt; Here's what matters to me: Looking woke and telling people off. That's it. Hillary had house slaves in Arkansas and liked it, didn't want to raise the minimum wage at all and then compromised by suggesting maybe she could support $12, pushed fracking globally, and screamed at a public audience that single payer healthcare would never happen and that a lot of Bernie's proposals - things that either we used to do, or other poorer countries with less exceptional people (supposedly) have already done successfully - were unrealistic fairy tales. So basically, she was a traitor on every issue you just said mattered to you. If you _actually_ cared about any of those things, you would demand better than Hillary. QED. Thing is, somewhere, deep down, _you know you're full of shit_. Which is why you have to fall back on ridiculous excuses and paper-thin ad hominem attacks like accusing me of not supporting Hillary because I hate women, instead of because she's a sociopathic warmongering corrupt criminal cheating lying racist windsock.
Millions of people did vote for him, so obviously they didn't care enough for it to matter. As for the others, I'm sure any of them could produce a long list of reasons why they didn't vote for him - and I suspect "no tax returns" wouldn't top those lists, if they thought of it at all.
Can't we just dissolve the union? Seems like our federal government has completely jumped the shark.
Or we could just let the voters decide if not seeing a particular candidate's tax returns is a dealbreaker. I mean, hell, we could go the other way. Full background check: credit scores, bank accounts, property deeds, all known addresses, family, speeding tickets, the whole nine yards. And it's all public. You want to be America's executive? Then you're an open book. That's assuming whoever's doing the background check is _honest_, of course - and it raises the question of whether the public is, in fact, entitled to know those things, or if even would-be presidents deserve a bit of privacy.
No, get it right. Decades of lobbying, bribes, cheating, and media manipulation by the 1% did lasting damage to America. The Great Recession? That did lasting damage to America. Red scares? Those did lasting damage to America. Election fraud? That did lasting damage to America. Hard-right judges are only a small part of that process - they're practically a symptom. BTW, it's a little-known fact that the composition of the SC is set by tradition, not law. We could have 11 judges instead of 9. Or 15. Or fire half of them. That's a can of worms no one really wants to open, but if the alternative is letting a few ringers sabotage left populism for 30 years, well, there IS a cure for that...
&gt; Your implied rule there means that no protest beyond saying "I don't like this" is even possible. It's possible. Of course it's possible. But what it means is that you're wielding institutional power against someone who can't effectively fight back in order to chill speech. &gt; And it's not like there is some centralized organization out there coordinating; everybody with the same mores just decided she wan't for them at the same time. Really? Really? You sound like a libertarian right now. "There's no such thing as 'society'. It's just a coincidence of individuals." Get out of here with that shit. Of course there's an institution. It's left culture. It's political correctness. It's created and taught and validated and reinforced all the time, and now there are a set of vague, unwritten laws regarding what people are and are not allowed to say and a set of defined punishments to be enforced by the mob. That's what white fragility is. It's not that white people are embarrassed or ashamed to talk about race. It's that they're discouraged to talk about race because they know it's just a pretext to quiz them and beat them over the head with orthodoxy, and if they offer a contrary opinion or a disapproved question they could be the next to be attacked and ostracized by a bunch of self-righteous assholes looking to show each other how "woke" they are. __It's such a thing that__ ___the people who are causing it___ __gave it a name!__ Of course they're trying to pretend that it's a white people problem, instead of a self-righteous asshole problem.
I expect that anyway, because they’re going squeeze us whether we’re fighting them or not. It’s just what they do, and it’s convenient for them that what enriches them also disempowers us. I’m not quite sure what the point of this post is, to be honest. It’s a bit half-baked. I really did make it on a whim. But we definitely need to remember that money is a strategic asset and poverty removes agency which removes strategic choice. In a political environment curated by the elite for decades, in one year grassroots money made Bernie one of the most influential people in America, generated the beginning of a grassroots political revolution, and changed the dialogue around what’s realistic and possible for American policy - all while the entire rest of the well-funded establishment scrambled to bury it. Money _alone_ didn’t do that, but it was a necessary part.
Liberals kick the right in the teeth with their smug performative wokeness bullshit and then the media lumps the left in with the liberals when the right kicks back. Great way to punch left by proxy.
&gt; I think it also may have something to do with the quality of the posts being submitted. There are too many people just posting links to article or videos and that's it. Yep, we're being drowned in lazy link spam. Funny since one of the spammers was a big deal over at DKos, where - for all its faults - people were expected to actually _write_. No such community standard here, I guess.
So you’re a fan of coercive bully mobs. Got it. I won’t shed any tears if/when you find yourselves on the other side of that, then.
There's a popular joke/myth in America (well, less popular these days) that cheap Chinese food is made from cats.
Natural selection? No, if it weren’t for GMOs we’d still have hybrids created through selective breeding.
&gt; I’m convinced Bernie has been bought off by the Russians. Have you considered deprogramming? &gt; threatening to splinter the party Party's already splintered, fool. If you want unity you'd better come to where we are, and quick.
Well. That's on the Dems being too shitty to beat either one in a general election. When will you guys take responsibility for your own failure? Oh right: never.
Never listened to Chapo, but if it’s anything like the sub, it’s a garbage fire.
&gt; More people wanted Hillary to win the nomination Well, we don't know that. I mean, with all the cheating and rigging in Hillary's favor so that she wouldn't have to compete in a fair contest, who knows what the people ACTUALLY wanted. Whatever, you got Trump. Serves you right.
Cold blooded monsters have already conquered this country.
We're not a Christian nation.
&gt; That is irrelevant to the question of the viability of #deminvade. Only if you're certain that Deminvade is certain to fail. Which you're not. So what we have is a long shot that has so far demonstrated movement toward its goal vs. nothing. &gt; even if there is no alternative now, as you say, if all the #deminvaders were to #DemExit, you can bet there would be alternatives soon after. Since Demexit leads nowhere, twice nothing is still nothing. Which is why I keep returning to my basic criticism: you keep saying a new party is needed, but where is it? Are you waiting for someone to build it for you? Are you expecting it to fall from heaven? It seems like your entire plan is to have no voice in politics for the next, I dunno, fifty years or something, and by then maybe something will have happened, like catastrophic climate change or economic collapse or nuclear war, and maybe that will change the status quo? At least Deminvade is _actually trying to do something_.
&gt; That stupid insult would only ever work on Trump's "extremely small" yet election-winning base.
&gt; According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics consumer price index, the dollar experienced an average inflation rate of 1.75% per year. Prices in 2018 are 14.9% higher than prices in 2010. &gt; In other words, $200 in the year 2010 is equivalent in purchasing power to $229.80 in 2018, a difference of $29.80 over 8 years. :(
But look at how well Demexit is doing! Why, that general election is going to be packed with bright young independents and Greens. Suck it, Dementer shil- ... what? It’s not?
&gt; You find a woman-hater who thinks "feminism isn't about equality" reasonable? Well, that part is. Feminism isn’t about equality. Anyone who says it is is spreading propaganda.
Not voting just means letting everyone else pick for you. It’s a pretty toothless protest. If you really want to hurt the Dems’ chances, vote for their strongest opponent, the Republicans. Or you can vote third party/write in, but that’s also a pretty toothless protest, at least at the national level (occasionally they do win local and state races).
If that’s true, why are you still here?
In national elections, remember it's not about what you want, it's about what the most politically zealous 60 million low-info chumps want. Unless you cheat, of course.
Because it gets votes and press? It’s not as though there aren’t a ton of “woke” liberals and SJW assholes who won’t make an issue of it.
This is incoherent. Manchin’s a Republican in all but name. I’m pretty sure he could beat a Republican challenger just by running on his record. He’s probably #1 or 2 on the list of people Democrats need to put an axe in, and it’s not clear that a Republican would be any worse. Here’s a thought: maybe his “dumb as fuck I hate libruls” voters hate liberals because they keep electing the kind of guy who will lie to your face to get your vote. As far as Trump, let’s not dilute the term “Nazi” by using it unironically for people who aren’t Nazis. I mean, the Dems wanted to elect Hillary “Bloody Hands” Clinton and make a rapist First Dude. Their moral high ground is on fire.
When he tells independents to come into the Democratic Party and transform it, he’s basically talking about Deminvade.
&gt; Why do we as a society, as citizens and voters continue to ask our government for the things we need? Hey, don't look at me. I've been waiting most of my life for the rest of y'all to wake up from the daze.
I swear to god, if I have to hear Steinbeck smugly paraphrased one more time, like his opinion was humanity's official user guide, I'm just going to start stabbing... I don't buy that. Yeah, some assholes think they're next. But I see too many people who know damn well that they'll never be rich who still warn that "the rich people will take jobs away" or "we're punishing success" or whatever. So you've got to mix in a big helping of learned helplessness (nothing we can do changes anything, so why fight?) and another big helping of ideology (systemic critique is envy, hard work and merit are rewarded, this is the best of all possible worlds so why ruin it with crazy ideas, etc). And then fear of change, of course. We used to have a growing socialist party in the US. Republicans used to be pro-union. Kansas was a hotbed of Communist fervor! There's no reason all that can't happen again - BUT there is a hell of a lot of bullshit in people's minds in the way of us getting there, and very little of that bullshit is people just waiting for their chance to turn the screws. I should add - people are very, very good at rationalizing the bad things they do and the bad things that happen to them. All of these excuses and more we could name for popular inaction are a product of rationalization, because they are not, in fact, rational. Figure out a way to break through that and maybe we could have a revolution.
&gt; More often, it is a kind of strategic voting which, in a two-party duopoly like ours, is intended to cajole one of the major parties into co-opting positions held by the third party that the major pary ought to support, but doesn't. Jesus Fucking Christ. How can people still believe this naive idea? The winner doesn't give a fuck what the loser wanted. If there was any question of whether the threat of electoral loss influences a duopoly party's political direction, that question was answered in the negative in 2017.
Clearly somebody was pushing it to the limit.
&gt; The point is that the loser sees that, if only some policy concession is made to those voters who turned their back on the establishment candidate in favor of one who couldn't win, the establishment can regain the advantage electorally. They have the advantage electorally. The rich won again, didn't you notice? They win every goddamn cycle. &gt; at least they aren't morally complicit I think we're well past the point where voting for the other guy keeps our hands clean. America is broken and until it's fixed we're all morally complicit.
Upload it to the DARK WEB, son.
&gt; Could Bernie's reluctance to jump ship and run by himself be because we're not truly and comprehensively united? Gee. You think? I've only been saying this to the Nick Brana fanbois for almost two years.
&gt; The DNC candidate and Third Party Bernie would split everyone to the left and all of the right would support Trump, ensuring 4 more years of Trump, and the destruction of America. If viable left candidates are all it takes to destroy America, then good riddance. I mean, you could get the idiot Dem voters to vote for the 3rd party guy. Crisis averted?
&gt; Government was created to control the inherent excesses of Capitalism. That's... an interesting interpretation. Government is a public administrative body. Regulating a capitalist economy is certainly a role it can play but I wouldn't say that was its _purpose_. &gt; You are preventing that Me? I'm not preventing shit. How much power do you imagine I have? Did some state elect me to public office without telling me? &gt; Your plan for minor, incremental change Seriously, check and see if you replied to the wrong thread.
&gt; That's ridiculous. You sound awfully confident for someone who's contradicted by history. Bernie has been ABSOLUTELY CLEAR on this: he wants masses of people to transform the Democratic Party. He doesn't want to run as a spoiler. The Greens offered him the top of their ticket and he didn't take it. &gt; Bernie was able to unite progressives in a matter of months and could do so again if he ran independent. If Bernie believed in your bullshit LARP fantasies of an ad hoc third party magically conquering the political landscape on the backs of sixty million singing progressives because he led them to victory, I assume he would have done it. Therefore I'm pretty sure he doesn't. If you don't like that, go tell him he's being ridiculous, maybe he'll listen to you. His home office number is (800)-339-9834. Those of us who are aware that the 2020 presidential election will NOT resemble the end of Return Of The King prefer an approach to building political power that might actually, y'know, work.
Call me crazy, but maybe Bernie doesn't want to do a show where he explains in detail how he hopes to assfuck the Democratic Party and all its establishment in the coming years? Because that's what Jimmy wants. He wants the Convention fight we never got. He wants a lawsuit against the DNC for rigging the election. He wants Bernie to go on an 8-hour filibuster where he lists off every crook in DC and every corporation and oligarch pulling the strings and threaten them all with destruction. He wants a Bernie who's all out of bubblegum. And if it's red meat for his audience, so much the better. But that sort of thing, you know, isn't politic.
I've never trusted Khanna.
&gt; The state parties can refuse to honor their accord with the national party Why on earth would they betray the national party, though? Unless, of course, _they had been invaded_...
&gt; We need to be laser focused on who our enemies actually are We are. The Democrats are our enemies. Anyone who "loved Bernie" would know that after 2016.
The Dems aren't our allies. No amount of your bullshit is going to change what I'm about to tell you, so listen carefully. For decades you assholes promised the left that if we voted for your candidates they'd look out for our interests. And then we watched them stand by while labor was torn down, stand by while public welfare programs were torn down, stand by while education was torn down, stand by while bribery and corruption took over. We watched them sell our jobs to the globalists and our land to the corporations and our sons to the military industrial complex. Every year, no matter who's in charge, things get worse somehow. And every year you tell us that the Dems "have" to run to the right to get votes and pass bills, while smugly telling us that we "have" to vote for them anyway. Well, we don't. We are not voting for centrist neoliberals anymore. The way we figure it, no matter who wins, we lose - but at least the Republicans stab us in the front, not in the back. So we don't give a fuck whether your precious traitorous Dems need our help. If we don't like the Dem candidate, we're not going to vote for them. If that means Republicans win, tough shit. If you want our votes, you and all your finger-waving friends will bust your asses to ensure that there is a candidate we like. That part is super important so I'm going to repeat it. __If you want our votes, you and all your finger-waving friends will bust your asses to ensure that there is a candidate we like.__ No lectures. No "wah you're splitting the left". No "wah purity". No "but Republicans". We're done with all that. Candidates we like. Or else. #GO.
Whatever. Drama. But Gillibrand can roast in hell for all I care.
Wrong.
Here's the thing, though: we don't get any say in how those other countries govern themselves. We can't choose their labor laws, we have no control over their economy except by influencing it as a trading partner (or competitor), we don't decide their government, their culture, nothing. So it follows that we should be trade isolationists when it benefits us, and it follows that we need an economy which is self-sufficient and not reliant on the economy of a country that is completely out of our control. "Workers of the world unite" is a fine sentiment, but we are REALLY not at that point yet. Personally I think we should trade more freely with other countries that are developed and have rights, protections, and fair wages for workers, and slap heavy tariffs on trade with countries where it's all sweatshop labor.
&gt; women make on the order of 70% as much as men for the same job This is absolutely false. The wage gap statistics reflect income earned regardless of job, and the gap reflects women's tendency to enter lower-paying professions and to work fewer hours, not a systemic bias in pay for the same work. Studies have shown that when you account for differences in hours worked, education, and so on, the gap narrows to single digits; also, same-job comparisons have shown that women generally get paid the same as men to do a job, and where there are differences those differences are not generalizable.
&gt; He wants funding for the homeless. How do you know?
&gt; Bringing up issues only women and minorities face. Doesnt exclude &gt; __only women and minorities__ &gt; __doesn't exclude__ Check your math again?
Here we have a fine example of a ChapoTrapFucktard trying to alienate and marginalize a class ally. Well, I don't know what class the fucktard is; maybe they're part of the 1%. But I doubt it.
Yeah, well, I don't think that. I think he needs to be watched like a hawk.
I check in on the Chapo sub once in a while - usually when I'm busy at work and I've looked at all my usual reading material. The sub is pretty garbage, but I mostly read it to laugh at them. So a few weeks ago, I dunno, something like that, they have this virgin post. Guy comes in, he's like "hey don't be so down on virgins, it's not cool" and starts a giant thread, because those Chapo redditors looooove attacking people's masculinity and reinforcing traditional male gender role expectations (because they're all such empathetic gender deconstructors, you know). (I didn't even see this thread. I only caught it because _two other_ posts were made to ask about it. So I guess it's a big deal to them? I dunno.) Anyway, probably 80-90% of the thread was what you'd expect, the usual blathering about male entitlement and crazy MRAs and how making fun of virgins and incels is totally awesome and fun and definitely not regressive. But then you had some other people who basically said, hang on, he's right, this is a bad look. Down in one of the thread branches there was this bit of discussion, like, is it even possible to talk to MRA types? Can they be reached at all, or are they so deplorable that it's a waste to even try? And they weren't being sarcastic, they were dead-ass serious. They'd completely bought into the whole "everyone who has a belief that dissents from SJW orthodoxy is fully a deplorable racist sexist chud neckbeard" thing that they have. The idea that someone could be an adult virgin and not be cool with that, or into men's rights, and ALSO support socialism or oppose racism or whatever, was just completely fucking alien to them. They think they're enlightened with their feminism and their praxis but their view of politics is that narrow. Just gobsmackingly ignorant. And then someone tried to explain that there are actually a lot of lefties over on /MensRights, but I don't think they were having it. The left still has a long way to go - either to purge these ignorant shitheads, or to deprogram them.
What was your plan again? Oh that's right, wait for a political miracle to fall from the sky. Why are you here, seriously? You deliberately misrepresent Deminvade and shit on anybody who would actually try to do anything about those Democrats you hate soooooo much, you concern troll the sub with pleas not to drop identity politics, you spam the sub with lazy link posts... whose side are you actually on?
He's probably a proud moran.
Bernie's adherence to Russiagate is what he would do if he were savvy and calculating, but it's also what he would do if he were deluded or compromised. Unfortunately, no one outside him or his inner circle knows which one it is. Either way, once elected, he can govern however he likes within the limits of the office. So what do you trust more as a guide to future actions: his record, or his recent pro-establishment tack? It's really not an easy question and it's one that a number of us struggle with.
It's facts. Your post is bullshit. I'm just gonna let this die here since you have nothing truthful to say, so there's no point in continuing to talk to you.
He has a point, though. All this investigation is fucking pointless if there’s no law enforcement at the end of it.
