Easy. 343.
Fiction can be fun!
Khal Dough-go?
Can't they jailbreak it? Source: I know nothing about phones.
I never heard of this game. I LOVE arpg's. I'd play the hell out of this. It looks great. Thanks for doing the giveaway. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Can we get a list of these games? What's the Valve one?
The opposite, been playing since Game &amp; Watch. I just grew tired of FPSes. I have played a bit of Left 4 Dead (the first, and never the second), but the picture of L4D2 looks like a third-person isometric game, akin to the early Resident Evils. L4D2 is an FPS, no?
I beat the game in one sitting. What a great fucking experience. I highly suggest it to platformer lovers, or anyone really. Really amazing atmosphere and the pacing for puzzles was perfect. So enjoyable. Thanks again!
Well done. As someone who's allowed for an exception to the no-cheating policy (i.e. forgiven), don't ever allow for an exception to the no-cheating policy. You'll end up regretting it.
http://i.imgur.com/c7NJRa2.gif
Ooh, I like this offer. Nice giveaway OP. I'd most want Ori and the Blind Forest, but going with your theme of stretching your dollars, I'll stick with my recent request for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, since it's still on sale. The reason for either game is the same really. I love platformers, in all shapes and sizes. I love exceptional ones like Super Meat Boy, puzzlers like The Swapper or The Bridge, action ones like Guacamelee, stealth ones like Shadow Faction, and beautiful &amp; tough ones like Ori and the Blind Forest. My [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut). As for the person I am closest too, That's an easy choice for me: my wife. We grew up on opposite sides of the globe, speaking different languages, yet are nearly identical. Surprisingly, our values and cultural upgrading are very similar. We care passionately about all the same subjects, love the same music, and enjoy the same aesthetics. We have the most heated and outrageous arguments, but even those are great. She's incredibly intelligent and insightful and challenges me on a daily basis. I respect her as a partner and an equal and now, can't imagine my life without her. Before, I was just dating for companionship with no interest in lifetime commitment. Meeting her taught me why people get married. So we did. :) Sheen nyen kwuy lu (my wife taught me how to say it, I taught myself how to spell it) Thanks OP.
First, I'm going to brush up on the best Steam Sale practices (when to buy, when to hold out, etc.). Next, I'm going to check my list on an eight hour rotation. Before work, after work, before bed (and most likely anytime in between). Finally, I'll keep my eye on personal favorites that go on sale for super cheap so I can give them away to friends and GOG. I'm most looking forward to Ori and the Blind Forest, hopefully a bigger sale on the new Oddworld, ooh, Talos Principle... Ok honestly, my wishlist. I carefully cultivate my list on a weekly basis, ordered according to my current interest, and trimmed of any extraneous games. I'm psyched about them all. Anyway, I am thrilled.
King Me!
A completely non-violent, exploratory, open world game. Gone Home meets GTA V. FPS meets the Sims. Observe virtual people living out their lives down to the tiniest detail (think inside Trevor's trailer), but in doing so, discover a conspiracy, that you yourself are being watched, and that the game itself is not what it seems, a la Dark City or Thirteenth Floor. Go.
Oh, thanks for the awesome new sub. :)
That's it. Thank you.
The power of exclusives has been waning year after year. It's a dying model. While I don't think it'll ever disappear completely (console makers can always produce their own games), it no longer justifies purchasing an entire console. Twenty years ago, it made sense. 80% of games were split between two systems with the remaining 20% on PC. Today, most releases are multi-platform, or at the very least, eventually slated for PC. The paradigm has shifted. 80% of games are on PC, with the remaining 20% split between three consoles. Granted, my percentages are just rough estimates, but they illustrate a point. That since time is finite, and that the ultimate goal is to play the games you enjoy most AND that you have time for, a PC absolutely guarantees an endless library to choose from, whereas a console's library will always be finite. Of course I want to play The Last of Us, but I won't buy an entire console for it, whether I can afford it or not. What happens afterwards? I just end up with a big brick in my media console. I do still have a PS3 connected, but that's because it is technically one of the better blu-Ray players sub $1,000, and as such I still get constant use out of it. Please understand, that me saying all of this is bittersweet. Everything I wrote before, I did so begrudgingly. I grew with video games. Owned most every system from Coleco Vision to the Lynx. But it no longer makes sense. Hell, just the other weekend, and with minimal effort, I turned a DS Lite into a Nes, Snes, Gba, and Genesis emulator, complete with hundreds of roms (my entire game library growing up). It's a sign of the times. So... yeah. I love consoles, but I'll be sticking with my HTPC and wireless controller. :(
700?!?! Ouch. I think at that size, your wishlist is hardly doing you any favors. I'm sure you receive notifications about sales all the time. Do you actually want 700 games? Lol. Yeah. I'd agree. You should trim it down. Or even wipe it and start over.
I second this. I too have Valdis Story on my list, and Axiom Verge.
Thanks OP! Jumping right in tonight.
I practiced my mom's signature and just signed whatever I needed myself. Anything less would've tipped her off.
Or maybe just happy.
Clevah gerl.
This a brick of some of the finest basmati. Shit's real pure. No husks, no bleach, no bugs, just the finest long grain. I'm talkin' bout the real fluff. When you cook, remember to bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer for 15 minutes. For you? $7.50 a brick. Those are friend prices.
Gifted | Grabbed 14 [Thank you thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/38m72n/gog_thank_you_ucharredgrass_for_oddworld_new_n/) [Steam ID](https://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
YOU THINK THIS IS A GAME!?!
Simone? I want to say her name was Simone when Ben Stein was calling roll.
Because if he had said 11 Million, the math police would've shat all over him.
Watch Indie Game: the movie. If you found Ready Player One inspirational, you'll go full-tilt game dev after watching that. Or not. Depends on your passion for game making.
I never called it a documentary, though it does document the lives of three indie developers. Likewise, it's meant to be inspirational. Stories of three (+teammates) devs that persevered through hardship and personal ruin, 'cept John Blow, of course. ;) It's about inspiration. Success always has a tiny sample size. I'd much rather watch a doc about them succeeding, then me failing. [Or you could just watch this. :D](https://youtu.be/nuHfVn_cfHU)
Simple. Organ donation. What you're eating could be saving or vastly improving someone else's life. As for the scraps? You're not a dog.
I have to admit, that's half the reason I linked it. Despite all of his controversy, I found the video surprisingly sincere and earnest.
Good point. Thank you.
Did you mean twenty two years ago? I remember playing it too, also around a clunky CRT, but it must've been around 1993.
I think there might be a problem with your computer. I know a website that will scan your computer for free and check for viruses. I can direct you to it, if you like. You might have to install the scanner software, but don't worry, it's safe. I promise.
I've watched the video numerous times, but I never quite understood what it was supposed to be about.
It's very much real. Also, your long-lost foreign second cousin died and left you everything, but in order to claim your inheritance, the executor of the will is asking that you pay $5,000 out of pocket. You can send me the money. By the way, if you need a good way to make a quick buck, I know a Nigerian prince that would pay you back ten fold for an airplane ticket. FIFA has football's best interests at heart. Jet fuel can't melt steel beams. HL3 confirmed.
Oh, lol. I'm thinking of the right game though, right? I never played return to wolfenstein. Ok, I see what happened.
Has anyone completed the task? It seems impossible
Thanks to advice from /u/delti90 and [his awesome guide](http://anthonythomas.io/tag/gba-macro/?pow=datea), I've been enjoying this little toy all week. He also makes and sells these if you can't do it yourself.
Yes, I linked to his tutorial and gave him credit. I posted my own to show that it doesn't just have to be a GBA emulator.
The point of removing the top screen is to make it more portable, lighter, save battery life, likewise none of the games play on two screens. The original creator did it because of a broken screen. I did it for the reasons above. If I want, I can reattach the screen. But I already have a 3DSXL for DS games. It's incredible how much more playable and balanced the system is without the top screen.
Doesn't have the controls. More expensive. Bust mostly lack of controls.
You said the only reason to do it is if the top screen is broken. I just gave some other reasons. I love the dimensions of the bottom half of the DS lite.
I use gbaexploader.
If you are already the slightest bit interested in seeing this film, DON'T WATCH THE FUCKING TRAILER. Even though it apparently doesn't give absolutely everything away, it reveals enough to remove the mystery for potential movie goers. I regret watching this. Hopefully, I can save someone else the same mistake.
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.
I opted to 100% it. Great game.
I feel like a lot of relationships end because of too much time or not enough time spent together. Try to hit that sweet spot. Good luck OP.
I won't lie; I clicked for the butt. But I came away with something infinitely more profound.
I woke up my wife laughing to this, you fucker. 10/10 would read again
Dhalsim v Zangief. God, the rage.
Have you seen Inception? It's like that.
Aren't you paying for the installs though? In order to improve your visibility in the store?
Oh I see, I didn't even realize that was a separate store. My bad.
That's one sexy potato.
WTF! No completed view? It just cuts. I want to see the finished work. The interior, etc.
The noses are actually perfectly in time with each other, just on different beats. If they weren't in time, then it would do that thing when you stare at lights and watch them go from blinking at the same time to blinking at opposites, over and over and over and...
I'm pretty sure vanilla wow is F2P to lvl 60. Just create a starter account on battle.net
Done. So it's a reboot after all. At first I was torn about replaying the exact same game from 17 years ago, but two things occurred to me. First, this is still a very enjoyable game even by modern standards. Second, I'm glad we now have a modern version of an older classic. 10/10 would rescue 300 mudokons again.
Ahhh, cool. Well, good luck!
My bam stick brings all the boys to the yard.
I'm sorry, what?!?! Polarity is a successor of portal? I've seen the game given away a few times here, but I never knew what it was. It's a damn FP portal puzzle game?!!!!! Holy Shit!
I feel like Kojima directed MGS IV to be the final title. I've heard others comment that every MGS has been designed that way, but that is so patently false. MGS 3: Snake Eater was a prequel. MGS 2: Sons of Liberty(title?) was a segue. MGS IV features an old, retired solid snake. And ends with this dialogue: &gt; You have been given freedom. Freedom to be... Outside. &gt; You are nobody's tool now... &gt; No one's toy. &gt; You are no longer a prisoner of fate. &gt; You are no longer a seed of war. &gt; It's time for you to see the outside world with your own eyes. &gt; Your body... &gt; And your soul... &gt; Are your own. After the credits, it shows a pan with three eggs. Sunny is cooking eggs for Otacon, Solid and herself. Otacon adopts Sunny and agrees to stay with Solid to document his life. That's it. Solid is a civilian now as he waits for mutated FOXDIE to end his life. As a lifelong MGS player and lover, I honestly have no need or interest to play MGS V. And thank god too, because otherwise watching this train-wreck of game development would deeply affect me.
Ahhh, I had the original MGS3. That's great though. Maybe I'll look into playing it without having to rebuy MGS3.
You are aware of what's happening with Konami, yes? That they're no longer interested in making games, but would rather focus on mobile apps and casino machines&gt;
THE SALE HAS STARTED!!!
But what defines a kojima game? His esoteric plot lines, convoluted story arcs, conspiracy, nuanced humor, but most of all his nearly complete creative control. With his departure, and Konami's completely crazy attitude towards game development as of late, and NOW the inclusion of microtransactions, whatever the game was supposed to be, it no longer is anymore. I prefer to remember Konami, Kojima, and the Metal Gear franchise as they were in MGS 4. It was a powerful, bittersweet moment and I see no reason to tarnish it with whatever debacle Konami produces next. They want to burn their bridges so badly, let them. And let's not forget that big FU that occurred with the Silent Hill project and the removal of PT. We could've had a Silent Hill successor made by Guillermo del Toro, Norman Reedus, and Hideo Kojima. Instead we get microtransactions.
What Microtransactions in mgs4? Not when it was released. If you don't understand why Konami is receiving backlash, then we can stop here and just agree to disagree.
Agreed 100% with this.
Right. And the voice actress who tweeted that he was "fired" but then redacted her tweet. Think critical from a moment. All signs point to Konami's disinterest in continuing their stake in game development. http://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2015/05/14/konamis-mobile-games-are-the-future-statement-reads-like-a-parody/
This is an awesome giveaway idea. I haven't played a single Fallout, but that's going to change with Fallout 4. I can't wait to give it a try someday. Good luck to everyone else.
That username alone makes it worth it, but that's a great list of games op. Enjoy!
That is good. It's no solid on the cover?
What happens if I put a discounted game into my cart, but don't buy it before the sale ends? I assume I lose the discounted price.
Heard the whole song in my head.
I feel like if they shook it up first, there would've been a much bigger explosion.
I feel like I remember playing this game on my iphone years ago. Or at least, a game very much like it? Same aesthetic, etc. Is that possible?
I had no idea. I thought it was just a port of a simple mobile game. I love platformers. I consider it a specialty of mine. Favorite indie game... this is a tough one. The stuff coming out the last two years has been incredible. But I'll go with Super Meat Boy. The commercial success of SMB, and Braid just before it and Limbo after, for me and I think a large part of the community, paved the way for indies. It proved 1-5 people could make a huge difference. That the love and passion of individuals could be expressed and well received. It pretty much blew up after that. And we've been benefitting from it ever since. Thanks for the giveaway op. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
In short, you must be this rich, to live this way.
My first concert ever. I was 13. It's been downhill ever since.
Up until the moment you posted this, you had all the suckers fooled. I wasn't fooled though. Not at all. Everyone else believed him. I didn't. I totally knew this was a joke. Totally. ^^...I ^^thought ^^this ^^was ^^real.
yeah, natgeo logo
&gt; Today was the first showing... was nearly sold-out. Yeah, they sound pumped.
Don't lose hope. A lot of indie developers are showing it love. Super Meat Boy will be coming to Vita (free for PSN+ people) and several kickstarter projects are building vita ports, most notably Bloodstained, IGA's comeback creation: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night Irony is I've been in the market for one of these. I'm trying to get the PCH-1001 with OLED screen. :(
Because it all is. Many of the deepest thinkers have dealt with this same dilemma. Take Gandhi for example, "Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it." He managed to free India by starving himself (I'm grossly summarizing). Point is, if you feel like giving up, don't make any rash decisions. Don't hurt yourself or find a quick solution to avoid long term problems. Just lie on the ground and wait. If you feel no struggle or will to live as you lie on the ground, waiting to die, then by all means pass away. But you won't. Eventually, you will make the decision to get up.
[Click here to find out why.](http://i.imgur.com/cJP5q5I.gifv)
Because you loved 10000000000000 (which the developer admitted was the worst name ever).
I stopped after the "golden hour" nonsense. It's been genetically proven that some are born with a predisposition for long days and late nights, as opposed to early to bed/early to rise. While others are sleeping, I'm working through the night. Go ask a doctor about the golden hour. Lol.
I hope this doesn't awaken something in me.
If this is a show on discovery, or on TV in general, something tells me the show fills an hour with 13 minutes of commercial, ten minutes of lead-in and follow up for each segment, and three segments tops (perhaps plus two more for physics explanations), where the segment's slow-mo clip is played about seven times in total for each of the three segments. Or I can look up 100 hundred slow motion gifs or videos online during that same hour. "Let's see that again. You see how the water keeps moving forward even after the balloon pops and continues to cover his head?! Incredible. That's Newton's first law." What should've been a children's show will be marketed for adult's. It'll be a reboot of a classic children's after-school TV series. Let's call it, "Mr. Wizard's Laboratory". Except all those kids that grew up and become math and science lovers will learn nothing knew from it. And even their own children will find the show rudimentary and pedantic. /rant Tl;dr Modern television assumes everyone is an idiot. Even shows marketed to "learners".
Her name is Caleco ;) they're bonded sisters.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
~tilde~
110 [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) I love this system.
Wildstar would be great. I was a wow player for years, but many of my friends left for wildstar. I never joined them and this would be a great opportunity to do so.
It's probably because I'm on reddit too much, but the more indie games I play instead of AAA games, the less I get burnt. And if I do get burnt, it's over $5 dollars, not $80.
353
Yeah, I saw it too.
Gifted | Grabbed 15 [Thank you Thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/3b1bjm/gog_continuing_my_foray_into_metroidvanias_thanks/) [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Hi Charred Grass, Wow, at this pace of gifting, you are heading straight for the ranks of /u/last_minute_hero and /u/maximumdan . Kudos! I seriously applaud your efforts. Without further ado: [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) [Dex](http://store.steampowered.com/app/269650) May 8th (the day after it came out) I am furthering my already deep knowledge and first hand experience of metroidvania and rpg side-scrolling platformer style games. I recently cleared Ori and the Blimd Forest and omgicantsayenoughgoodthingsaboutthatgreatgame! Dex actually takes it up a notch, with a kind of non-linear, open world, side-scrolling, rpg platformer set in a cyberpunk world with a female protagonist. I mean, there are just so many buzz words there that excite me. Talk about potential for a great game. In some ways, it feels like a combination of VVVVV, Cave Story and Flashback. With full controller support to boot. I couldn't say I "deserve" the game, nor can I promise to be the most qualified poster here. I can say this though, and that is: A game gifted to me (like the ones before, save two (not my fault!)), will be thoroughly enjoyed, adored and completed. I am a lover of all things gaming and dare to call myself a connoisseur. Also, I fully expect that after so much time on GOG and with so many games A. I can't/shouldn't make requests anymore and B. Every game is potential the last game I am gifted on here. Thanks for one more chance.
PIG!
High blood sugar? :P
Problem solved. I guess WB was wrong to remove it from stores.
If only this gif loaded as fast as he moved. Holy shit.
Popular for circle jerking and fedora tipping, some call this "the front page".
I'm on mobile. Did you really just give out gold like that? Awesome!
Alan Turing's mistreatment due to sexuality is one of the great tragedies of modem society. Imagine where we'd be today if he had been allowed to create and invent unimpeded for the rest of his natural life. I think about that a lot.
Don't worry. It's just the healer. /s
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
I'm guessing like $100,000 for that gun.
And those $1 books are worthy of providing $100,000 worth of education, despite what publishers and college libraries would have you believe. Then again, without a piece of paper from an institution designated to give out pieces of paper, the knowledge gleaned from those books are worth $0, because you need that piece of paper to earn other paper that can be traded for goods and services.
Heading home to check the underside of my cushions...
And with some creative accounting, they'll report $0 profits and pay zero taxes. (I'm exaggerating, but it is a practice in Hollywood)
That's considered reverse engineering?
That's unfortunate. Why would someone harass a female scientist? Dick pics and such? Oh, Internet.
Thanks!
Everyone involved in this picture looks like they have no idea how modern roads work.
It's a straight guy named Randy. Read the other comment.
FYI, another scam is the IRS audit scam. Guy calms saying he's from the IRS and that they mailed you an audit two months ago. Because you never responded, you're past due. Gave a "badge" number and everything. Tell them to email you from their .gov email address with all the information and to call you back after it's done. They won't email you or call back.
TIL Van Gogh flew to the sun and painted the surface.
That pause though.
This is why I subbed.
Thank you. I'm sending this to my mom.
Nice. Gratz. I know the feeling. I had to restart after EE. 70 hours gone. 100 in now.
ALL IN THE FAMILY!
I'd love to play it, no thanks to that deficient gamer. Link?
Gratz on the games, but really, gratz on getting such a thoughtful Santa. Putting thought into a gift makes all the difference in the world. Getting sent all those puzzles to decipher is one of my greatest dreams. Thanks for posting all this too. Great read.
You can use a trainer to switch the stats and traits around. Skills you'll have to find and learn. Small price to pay versus having to restart (I've restarted four times easy).
[I wrote up an explanation](https://www.reddit.com/r/DivinityOriginalSin/comments/3zgsvu/how_loot_works_in_dosee/)
With high perception (let's say 7+), if you are inside the church and facing the west wing, walk into the back left corner. IIRC, you should discover a hatch on the ground behind the candelabra.
I'm not entirely sure, but I believe that once it becomes part of your inventory, the loot should be locked. If not, the implications are huge. I'll have to test this myself, but in short, find an unopened, untouched chest. Save. Open the chest. Note the contents. Reload, drop the unopened chest from your inventory, open that, and then open the untouched chest again. Reverse the process and try again. See what happens.
Lucky charm increases your chances of a lucky find, increases the occurrences and amounts of gold piles, amount of vendor gold (maybe?). I can't say definitively if lucky charm affects loot quality. Personally, I don't believe it does. Or at least, it didn't in original edition.
Depends on the level of the area you are in, your level, and your crafting skill. For instance, right now I can craft better staffs than I can find.
Yeah, she's a real class act. Mother of the year.
I just bought my Vulture in Diaguandri after selling my Cobra. After outfitting, I barely had enough for one rebuy. My trip back to my preferred hunting ground was 20 jumps. I basically fuel scooped at every star I could, but there were times I hit three dead stars in a row. I've never used fuelrats, but I had the site open and ready in case I couldn't make it. :D
This is fantastic information. Thank you! I had heard the phrase KGB-FOAM before, and also thought of the Russian foam, but I had no idea what it's purpose was. Thanks for this.
[This is the first and last time I went without a fuel scoop](http://i.imgur.com/g3CBkZT.jpg)
For me, the 1:1 model of the Milky Way is worth the price of admission alone. Hell, I got Horizons too and I haven't even bothered to install it. Flying around is enough for me. With open-ended games in general, it's always best to make up your own objectives. I learned this from years of MMO playing. Pick your own best task and run with it. For me, I have one goal (for now). It's to get to Sol. First, I fell on bounty hunting as my chosen profession (though I started as a skimpy trader). I'm Allied with Federation, just bought my Vulture, and am 30% towards my first rank. And mind you, I have NO idea what I'm doing. But I love that about the game. I still remember my first Frame Shift Jump. Trying to figure out how things worked and how things relate to each other. After that first jump, I was like, "Wow! I think I just opened up a wormhole!" And that first time I opened up the Galaxy Map and zoomed out. Jesus Christ. As an avid and lifelong gamer (and NOT even a particular fan of space sims), these are experiences that no other game can afford me. When I want a story driven narrative or twitch gameplay, I go play something else. When I want to keep order in the Milky Way Galaxy, I play ED. Oh, and I don't even play multiplayer. Just Solo Play on a TV with a wireless gamepad. I don't even have a HOTAS! lol.
Reddit is a fickle mistress. One day, it's 200 downvotes. Today, it's reddit gold.
General Chat.
Back, and to the left.
I use the same for both. Worked out that way. Lucky I guess. :)
I love crosswords. Grew up on the nyt crossword. Love will shortz. That was incredibly fun. Thanks for that. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Anyone want to sell me theirs?
[They're already stated that it will cost more](http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/new-product/game/htc-vive-vr-headset-release-date-pricing-rumours-plus-specs-3632772/)
[They've already stated that the Vive will cost more](http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/new-product/game/htc-vive-vr-headset-release-date-pricing-rumours-plus-specs-3632772/)
[They've already stated that the Vive will cost more](http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/new-product/game/htc-vive-vr-headset-release-date-pricing-rumours-plus-specs-3632772/)
Guardians of Middle-Earth: Smaug's Treasure DLC
Post-2008 world.
Can someone elaborate? I thought that lightning couldn't strike a car because the only contact with the ground are rubber tires. Or do the tires have enough metal mesh that it conducts the electricity?
40 hours a week, no benefits, $14/h, CPA preferred wtf are they smoking?
Can I get one? I actually like the Dirt series.
Your giveaway has filled me with much determination. Saved!
You know what bugs me the most? If I attack a bounty, he'll talk shit to me through messages. If I save a clean ship from pirates, they never say thank you. Ever.
No.
I'd love to read an in-depth experience and explanation of all four. Not a tutorial mind you, but just a post-mortem.
Reading all of these comments, how has the bar for being in a committed relationship gotten so low?
The difference being, the beards you're thinking of that established that symbolism of masculinity, power, and/or wisdom were a product of men who couldn't be fucked to shave, or in short, were men of masculinity, power, and wisdom. Just donning a beard will not reclaim any of these three things for you. You find them in yourself first, then do or don't wear the beard, who gives a fuck. One is not a replacement for the other. A weathered lumberjack working in a frigid climate will have a beard. Needs a beard. A coffee barista, graphic designer, new grad? Not so much.
I can grow a beard, but I won't sport one just because I don't like what they've become. Does every bartender need a beard and two tattoos with an obscure t-shirt?
The ability to bookmark systems. Storage for module parts. Clean, friendly ships sending thank you messages when you save them from pirates.
I'm horrible at this game, but I'd love to participate if you haven't reached the max already. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) Signed up as nomnaut. :D
It used to be pimps and peep shows and no tourists. I'm not sure which version I like better.
Don't you need a shit ton of fusion cores for this?
I thought it was going to be her wedding ring. I still carry both rings with me.
:(
This means nothing. Update everything yourself. Get into the habit.
So much load for so little payoff. Said the hooker. I'm terrible.
Just so everyone understands what's going on: On 10/7/2015, Powerball added 10 numbers to the white balls (59 to 69) and removed 9 power balls (35 to 26). So, what used to have 1 in 175,223,510=(59x58x57x56x55x35)/(5x4x3x2x1x1) chances of winning, now has 1 in 292,201,338=(69x68x67x66x65x26)/(5x4x3x2x1x1) chances of winning. **This** **means** **everyone**'**s** **chances** **of** **winning** **have** **decreased** **by** **40.03%**. This is only the first of many more billion dollar jackpots. If you're interested in how to calculate the odds yourself, here it is (in short): First, if you want to know the odds of something, you multiply them. 1 coin landing heads versus two coins landing heads is the chance of (1/2) versus (1/2)x(1/2)=(1x1)/(2x2)=(1/4), 1 in four chance both coins land heads. Now we apply to this the lottery, but on a much bigger scale. Your first number has five chances to be picked, because we are going to draw five times from 69 numbers. It can be drawn first, second, third, fourth, or fifth. Five chances. So, it has a chance of 5/69. Your second number only has four chances to be picked, as one chance was used to. Likewise, one ball not matching your second number was already removed on the first drawing, so instead of 69 balls to choose from, there are 68. So, your second number has a 4/68 chance of being picked. Your third number has 3 chances out of 67. Your fourth has a 2 in 66. And fifth a 1 in 65. The powerball is drawn from a separate pool. No matter the outcome of the first five drawings, your powerball always has 1/26 chance of being drawn. Putting it all together, using the coin flip principle from earlier, (5/69)x(4/68)x(3/67)x(2/66)x(1/65)x(1/26)= (5x4x3x2x1x1) / (69x68x67x66x65x64) = which equals some tiny ugly number (let's call this a t.u.n.). To make this number easier to talk about we divide 1 by tiny ugly number. 1/t.u.n.=292,201,338. That's 292,201,338 different combinations of numbers, or for you, 1 in 292,201,338 chances of winning for every ticket you buy. As for the percent decrease, there are a few approaches you can take to figure this out. Either 1 - (292M-175M)/175M. Or 1 - (new t.u.n.)/(old t.u.n.). In our case, we got a ~40% drop. Hope that helps.
Yup. With no penalty. I also only play solo. Like a single player game.
Ehhh, that's like the hard way. I'm assuming you mean with an interdictor. That's really only necessary for missions where you're chasing down a specific person. Search the system you're in right now, and look for RES sites, or Resource extraction sites. Fly into those (like actually safe disengage into them, and fly to the res point. Now just look around. Ships will start appearing. They're mining, but where there are miners, there are pirates. Scan everyone and you'll find plenty of pirates. The best part is, if you're still in a smaller ship, you can keep an eye out for federal ships and they'll usually take the majority of the damage coming from the pirate(s). Likewise, they can help you take down larger ships that you normally wouldn't be able to down. Tag a python or a conda while in a smaller ship, help them kill it, and you'll start doubling your money. Report back.
If it seems dead, there are two things you can do. You can continue flying around in loops, searching the horizon for streaks. The streaks will be lasers being fired mid battle. Head for the streaks. In the event nothing happens, check your panel for other close RES sites and visit them. If none are close by, warp out, log out and back in, and warp back in. People have reported success doing that.
Res sites are areas in the asteroid field, yes. When you disengage into you, you'll just be flying through an asteroid field and you will see the res marker just floating in the middle. Mining ships will be located around this area.
/u/resrep and I had an insane match! We were toe-to-toe the entire time. Every goal was hard fought and never came easily. In the last minute, I managed a one point lead. This game was so close, that that point should've been the nail in the coffin, but in the final twenty seconds, resrep evened the score. And into overtime we went. From the start of the bell, we had at it. Three minutes of pure battle, and it looked like double overtime. Then resrep took a longshot straight for my goal. I got lucky and made a credited save. I countered with a dribble up the left side and with resistance from resrep, took a bounce shot. It went in and ended the game 3-2. Ultimately, we both won, because we went on to play 4x4 with our spectator, /u/acenair836, and had a great time. In other news, I went on to play /u/angelicgrace. I was summarily trounced. :)
*to* *find*...
Damn Python and two asp wing.
What is everyone looking for exactly?
Are there bars? Do people mingle?
You could try trading it on /r/SteamGameSwap but your post will most likely get deleted or you'll get temp banned. The rules are that ridiculously atrocious there.
Can someone explain UA and barnacles to me? The ELI5 version? I'm a 75 hour CMDR, but only play solo and come to the boards for advice. I don't know anything about this hunt or what's going on. (I also bought horizons, but stick to vanilla ED for now since I'm still new to the game).
Thank you so much for this detailed write-up. Is it wrong to be reminded of Ender's Game? Because that what it reminds me of. Do I need to do anything to prepare?
And one day, like msn messenger, Facebook will become obsolete. When someone replaces it with something better. Roughly, it went irc &gt; aol &gt; msn &gt; MySpace &gt; Facebook &gt; ?
Noice.
What's up with that man-sized head trapped on a 12 year olds body?
Lemmy died Dec. 28th, 2015.
Following the tutorial to a T, I can't seem to get the rackets to affect the trajectory of the ball. I'm using 5.2.3f1 personal. Did something change between 5.0.4 and now to make the tutorial not work? I downloaded the sample files and created a project with those and it had to rebuild it (citing incompatible between 5.0.4 and 5.2.3). Unless that's just a canned message we can ignore.
But a station will offer missions from different groups, with names similar to the people running the station, but not identical. Or even completely different. And I have no clue who's aligned with the federation and who isn't.
I didn't know about the symbol!!!!! Thank you!!!!!! This! Is someone has just mentioned this. Right now, the symbols are meaningless to me. I'll look for the federation icon.
Vulture with 12 Ly and 3.2 million? I have no concept of what far or a lot is in this game. :)
628; Life is Strange
Deal with it.
wtf? cardboard is the original/only "break board". Wow, people have been selling garbage forever.
Where do I sign up to be notified about the Kickstarter?
Because you already own it. When in doubt, check the galactic campaign on your own ship. Look at all the planets and if it shows a stratagem instead of xp, then you don't own it.
This is one of the craziest things I've ever seen.
I tried watching that movie. It was unbearable.
Controller support yet?
Holy shit dude! The word search **IS** the PRIZE! [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) Edit: 51. Bedtime.
Safety first!
Hold my beer.
1. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) 2. I was a big CS player way back when (1.6, hence my steam account from 2004). After playing long enough and making enough cs friends, we wanted a place to play, free from hackers and trolls and other toxic players, so I started running my own CS server. It started out as a casual place for adults to play, but eventually we got pretty good and pretty big. It wasn't uncommon for cpl players and the like to want to practice, scrimmage or warm up on our server. Getting the server to that level quality took commitment and a heavy hand. People tend to hate on admins or superusers, but you need resolve to create a clear vision for an online community. It eventually became too much work for little to no reward, so I shut it down. Since then, I played BF2, Doom 3, and MW2, but have otherwise stayed away from FPSes. Maybe I'm too old or laid back, but I don't necessarily seek that rush from a quick and manic TDM. That said, I would love to see where CS has gone and what it looks like today. 3. The fish pool isn't the actual target. It is ourselves. These "terrorists" are less terrorist and more urban guerrilla artists, seeking to subjugate our collective gentrified identities and wake us up to the mediocrity of mundane modern existence. Society is the fish pool, and we are the fish. They are our liberators, but ironically, we die without the water.
one more theme and I will have purchased everything in the game. I still need Peaches momento though. So close to a hard 100% completion.
I also thought this might be about wow the game, but I completely agree with you. The community has grown quite a bit, and besides a little rough time, the growth has been great. I think a large part of it is due to a dedicated team of mods that are working well together. They are part of the community as much as they are moderators. Let's not forget the GOG chat, game nights and tournaments! Since I've been around, I don't think GOG has ever been better.
Great stuff. These are the moments I liked best in this game. Light hearted, goofball camaraderie. Looking forward to more. Also, nice editing. Simple, minimal, with just a touch of narration. Nothing annoying or jarring or out of place.
This reminds me. What is that white symbol graffiti about in Fallout 4? I've seen it in a drain pipe and a train car. It'll have a tiny square or plus sign with little dashes coming out from all sides. Are they significant?
Care to explain? Anything can be an anagram.
Correct. Fixed. Thanks.
You can change the settings. OR, here's an example: THREE OCLOCK BUY MY MONACO PRESS TWICE
Don't bother. I already provided one possible solution. The answer is yes, it is potentially an anagram.
Segregate means to set apart, isolate or divide. Not discard.
What a casual. :P
No no no. An anagram does not have to be one word. It can be a group of words, i.e. phrase. Just look at the example I added to my post.
Yeah, I have a table that works.
Don't remove letters! It never suggested removing letters and it makes it nigh impossible. Work with the letters we have. I just got "You moo back home press circle twenty".
Which of you watch, has become shining down from it. It's possible we are supposed to meet a condition in order to be abducted.
It's deceiving. Plain and simple.
I have played and loved too many games to have one be my favorite. It's like picking a favorite movie. It depends is the answer. Likewise, what was my favorite then may not be now. For the moment though: Divinity: Original Sin or Grand Theft Auto V. They define the pinnacle for me. Fallout 4 and Witcher 3 are pretty amazing too, but u haven't finished them yet, so we shall see.
Hi! Thanks for the giveaway. Also, don't be too worried. LOL seem to last longer than stated.
Crime scene sex.
I saw Hive in the picture. I believe every word I read.
Can someone describe radiant quests to me? It seems to be new gaming vocab that I'm not familiar with.
Ahh thanks. Where does the terminology come from? I don't remember hearing the term before FO4.
I've been saying this for months, but I always hit downvoted. The responses always blamed me and said it was my problem. I write frontier support (who are great by the way), and THEY themselves said that YES, THE SERVERS ARE CONGESTED. This is obviously more sever, but the bottom line is: frontier's servers are not equipped to handle the current influx of players.
I love Crashlands! I've been playing it on mobile, but have been thinking about getting the steam version. Nice job overall.
If you don't feel like waiting for responses in those other subreddits, just go to http://www.logicalincrements.com and research the parts you want according to your budget.
I never expected a marriage proposal to come out of GoG, but I guess today is as good a day as any. :)
It's the gnome house. Go north by north west from the smithery.
So is that all it is?
Well, I craft a lot too. But yeah, must be luck then. Oh well. :)
For the curious, I was just fishing out west, a good distance from the base.
I tend to shy away from consumables in all manner of games if I can help it. I usually end up dying because of it, but that's how I tend to learn to play a particular game better. It helps in the long run, because by the end, you're not relying on a consumable to get you through.
LOL! Good point, but I haven't never played it. Yet.
I'm on mobile, but it hasn't affected gameplay. The map is slow, but it's always been slow.
Multi-core processor. Say it. SAY IT!
Oh wow. So there really is no end.
Completely agree. Although, only an hour? ;)
Completely fair point. Let me clarify. I played the GTA's and MGS' on other systems. And I have 100% in GTA V on steam, by ingame standards. 58% is due to online and obscure achievements. Heists did not come out until two years later, which added more achievements as well. Likewise, online is rockstar' attempt at an MMO, which is a departure from a great story written for a sandbox. It's not the essence of a GTA game. MGS V should've never happened and is not canon as far as I'm concerned. The writing was on the wall well before release of Kojima's ungrateful expulsion. IV was always intended to be the series end, as far as I was concerned and it is very gratifying in that respect. I tried playing V. It's not a metal gear game. There's no story lol. My point is to indicate devotion to games I adore. And by my own standards. Ultimately, it's about my desire for The Division. I also been playing games way before achievements existed, back when you had to make up your own achievements, like mastering every job class for every named character in Final Fantasy Tactics. :D Mmmm, that circle of yellow stars.
Point being they locked the most enjoyable part of a loot hunt game (getting good loot) behind a convoluted mess of chores and weeklies and pvp ranks. I spent 300 hours in that game and all 300 embarrass me now.
It's $600 WITHOUT touch controls. With, it'll be closer to Vive's price. So definitely do NOT get the rift for the price.
Damn lol. I hadn't decided how I wanted to respond because I didn't think it would be good. Here goes: A: Hell no. B: Yes, but mostly on PC, and somewhat avoidable. Though they can ruin your night. C: Uhhh, there aren't exploits left really, so there aren't people currently exploiting per se. Are there those who benefitted from exploits? Yes, almost everyone. Will you encounter them in the DZ? Yes. Did I exploit? Absolutely. Why? Because the game wasn't fun otherwise. It's a loot hunt game with no loot. It's been said a thousand times, but the short of it is its Diablo 3 before loot 2.0. As in, it's D3 when it was bad. D: If I had known how Massive would handle crafting and loot, I never would've spent 300 hours in it. Now that I have, and they've done what they've done, I regret every minute and am embarrassed by my playtime. E: If you're a sadist. You'll enjoy the 1-30 leveling experience. That's for sure. Running around NYC is great and feels pretty real (speaking as a native NYCer, the stores are different and some streets are wrong, but it's a great approximation). You'll get some new gear, and upgrading will feel timely and rewarding. You'll never craft though (they nerfed it into the ground "because drops should be the primary way to get loot." But it wasn't and isn't, so everyone crafted. Everyone. Still do but at a much slower pace.) Then you'll hit 30. 1.2 added Intel missions, so that will alleviate some older gripes, but the following is still true. You'll gear up in full purple gear fairly quickly. Then you'll search for yellow epics and green set items. Those will come too and you'll equip them because their item level is higher. But as everything in this game, the stats will be a total crapshoot. You'll then spend the rest of your time killing the same few bosses for a chance at an upgrade. Nothing else will matter. You will kill 10's of thousands of mobs, but they will drop nothing of value. Literally. It's not in their loot table, except for low gear, sure. You'll deconstruct those for parts. Every 50 or so drops you will have enough materials to craft one item. But it'll be for one slot. And the stats will be shit 99.9% of the time. You'll rank up to 75 or 90 in the DZ (pvp area) so you can buy blueprints to craft stuff you actually want. Because crafting is actually the only way to get that gun you want, for example. This will be incredibly boring. Then you get the plan and spend all your materials to craft something. Maybe you'll get a great item in a few tries. In reality, it'll be garbage and you'll just be stuck farming for materials to get a chance at crappy rolls, killing bosses for a tiny chance at something you want, but again with crappy rolls. Every hour you spend in this game past level 30 will be a complete and utter waste of time. Don't get me started on broken gear (they coded a lot of stats incorrectly), horrible coding (the dailies are hard coded, break intermittently, and can't be fixed), communication through a hapless community manager who he himself doesn't understand the state of the game (literally streamed the game while playing with exploiters), or frequent design decisions to make the game slower for you (most likely to artificially extend the life span of content). I can go on and on. I've been playing games for 31 years, and I can definitively say: Stay the fuck away with a ten foot pole and never touch anything by Massive ever. Anyone who tells you otherwise is completely full of shit. Objectively, past level 30, this game is a burning dumpster fire. 90% of the playerbase has already fled. Enter now at your own peril. Take that money and get anything else. Literally, anything else. Or wait for the steam sale and buy 6 amazing indie games or older triple AAA titles. If you want an MMO, go back to WOW. If you want PVP, play CS go or Overwatch or something. Just don't go near the division.
Montreal
This guy gets it. That's why I only watch Super Bunnyhop, Jontron, or read Game Informer (they still have some decent editors).
PSA: it may take several tries before you see the link button to sign into your steam account. When you do see it, you'll most likely have to double click it to get it to open a login page. After that, it'll take GOG some time to complete the link.
How long will this sale last? Can I pick it up in store?
Thanks for the help. :)
353
This man lies. I've had entire conversations with him about different obscure indie games.
What else is blue and yellow?
It sounds like you've already been helped, but if not let me know. I have a spare cpu somewhere though I can't remember the socket type.
Go B's!
I'm waiting for a huge drop to pick this up. I'm not spending $30 for line puzzles. :/
condensed milk and strawberry jam
Doot
I see you haven't played the Division.
Not yet I don't.
His channel seems to be taking a back seat to his day job. One video per two weeks and then this short video. Disappointing since he's my favorite YouTuber. :(
His last two videos before this one has been one every two weeks. I found this one kind of short and the Witcher DLC review more of an extension of his previous Witcher videos. Mind you, I don't blame him. His material is incredibly well-researched and in-depth. It's just that in a sea of frivolous commentary and gossip, he's one of the few authentic video game journalists.
Firefox atm
full control support, coop, and it reminds me of Nuclear Throne. Yes please.
Talking shit on the subreddit has been more fun than the game for quite some time now.
Nordes de Lignes.
oh, I wasn't justifying it. Just giving a shout out to that scene lol.
Where you perchance inspired by the helicopter mission based iso-shooter that was on the Sega Genesis by EA, Desert Strike?
Inb4 overwatch x 10 :P
628
212
Good to hear. That sounds better anyway.
Ok great. Thanks for the heads up. This is what I was wondering.
Is that all from levels? I imagine I'm slower than most, but wow, 257 boxes?! I don't even have a wish list because I feel like it's futile to endeavor to acquire one skin here or there, at least at the rate I've experienced.
Ok cool, so I'm right in line. Thanks fir the comparison and the long-view
Battlejorn is NOT azure. Nope, not at all. Definitely not playing a level 53 Reaper. Uh uh. Not Azuredragon. (It is)
B-B-B-Baaaaaad.... Bad to the Bjorn. Ok ok. I'm done.
I think there's a big difference between telling the same story again, with or without a gender swap, and continuing a fictional universe far into the future (old Cameron, not the Star Trek thing). One is rehash. A facsimile. A bad copy. The other is a refreshingly original take on an otherwise old IP, which is not often scene in holiday. Indiana Jones 4 could've been that. Think about it: Jones is getting too old. Has to seek replacement. Discovers son. Then Hollywood happens (or whomever is responsible): Yes! Let's make the Russians the enemy! And Indy can find a create way to survive a nuke... uhhh, a fridge! And the son is Shia Labeouf! AND ALIENS! Holy shit, this is gold Us: This is shit. But what if it went like this: ... Discovers son. Maybe adventure ensues. Maybe it doesn't. Maybe they just talk. Maybe it's more like Rocky, where Indy talks. It's purely about character development. He is struggling with his life as an archeologist, and with what he perceives as the dwindling significance of history in an increasingly modernized world as it marches into new territory, faced with questions that have never been asked before. Maybe they do taxes together. Maybe the son's ego/testerone kicks in. The son leaves on his own adventure. Indy passes his hat onto him. He is now alone, sans hat. Contemplative. A telegram arrives. His son died on his first adventure. There's a package. He opens it. It's his hat. He contemplates. Final scene: Indiana Jones shown from behind. He dons the white shirt, whip, and finally the hat. Indy's silhouette in a glowing white doorway. End.
The Facebook post shouldn't be anything so dramatic. It should be simpler. Consider: "Mondays... :\" It's the last thing you'd expect Ferris to post. He's mundane now. Follows the grind. Fits in. Enter Cameron, etc.
Torchlight and D3 would like a word with you.
I dumped all of my unclaimed keys on GOG in a massive giveaway. And I'm hopefully helping someone with a handmedown CPU.
I don't know what space they're fighting for anymore. Cheapest of the three? Just for kids? Nintendo game exclusivity? Or all three. And even so, will the market support a third console, especially with PC's increasing popularity as a gaming system for the couch. Even support for a second console has been floundering (MS is one step away from just giving away Xbox Ones). Personally, I'm expecting Nintendo will stop making home consoles and focus on their portable marketing after the NX.
Is this from the humble bundle?
The plethora of games and lack of exclusivity, along with only a finite amount of time in each day, means that I no longer care about exclusivity. I get the most games and most freedom from PC gaming. I tailor my gaming experience as I see fit. Play with a controller or KBM? Check. Don't like a control scheme? Map a new one. Character movement too slow? Edit a config file. Find a currency too slow and annoying to gather? Hack it. Want new content? Mods. What do I miss in return? A Sony title here and there? That's a sacrifice I'm willing to make in order to avoid being beholden to one company.
The hit boxes look like big blobs. Feels more like a Monster Hunter game than FF, but then again, I guess FF was the original 'monster hunter' game lol. How will spells and summons work in that kind of combat? Are they purposefully making an ARPG? Will higher weapons feel different in combat? JRPGs have always been heavily grounded in numbers, but without them, our most significant measure of performance is gone. For example, if I keep dying to an enemy, perhaps it's because my flame sword is doing 0 damage. So the enemy is immune to fire. Cold isn't producing high numbers either, but if I poison it, the damage ticks are insanely high. This just looks like a sloppy arpg in a gorgeous environment. Is it too early to criticize? I don't know when release is.
Until that loop is closed. Stay tuned. SNK went the other route.
You come and go. You come and gooo-ooooo.
Kill that editor
I never heard of it. Is it a typical Lego game?
The Bob Ross of pottery! lol I love this guy.
One of the best movies of all time.
I played it on iOS as well. If you loved it, it's worth trying on a bigger screen.
In case anyone missed it, that awakening scene is ripped straight from the Matrix. An homage if you will. Now, I'd like to see someone run and gun through that entire thing, with effects, and maintain 60 fps.
Done. And done.
You can deconstruct heroes; you just have to put them back together again.
All these Square Enix ports are just money grabs. They're not supported after release. You'll be lucky to get one major update after release.
Quitting WOW for me. I got lucky. I quit right when Braid released. Then Super Meat Boy. The Limbo. Then Bastion. Never looked back. Ok, WOD for a bit, but never again.
Do NOT buy this game or its DLC. The percentage of people who enjoy The Division are the same percentage who enjoy broken, joyless, unsatisfying games. Run away from the Division. Run.
Don't touch the Division.
Every game, good or bad, always boils down to its diehard/neverdie supporters. Just follow the division for a bit. You'll never see people so thrilled at a lack of content/loot/end-game/etc.
This is intriguing. Top-down stealth game? Like Metal Gear Solid, in a way. ;) Name please? Sign up page? Anything.
No, but you'd be missing out. It's a very atmospheric game, so it helps set the tone when you're staring at this large ominous forest/factory/etc. on a large screen. You can watch the Avengers or some horror flick on a small screen, but it doesn't have the same affect. Again, I refer to my experience with all three platforms, and I favor the TV.
Wishlisted. Thanks. Edit: Technically, favorited. Same idea.
EA track record most likely.
False. You are still eligible if you upgraded your firmware. Stop making shit up.
"Never feel bad for someone who owns a jet."
This is insane. I love the pixel art and animations. It's good to see kids' superior imaginations going to good use. That's one game I'd look forward to playing (if possible).
I remember that game. Not your fault. I thought of it first too, but that's more akin to Day of the Tentacle. I also updated my description.
Older than that. I also updated my description.
I checked them all. Nope. I'm adding some more detail to my thread. Thanks though!
You also had to collect a certain number of keys. Say 25. Also, all the keys were the same, and you didn't play as other people. Which I think cuts Maniac Mansion out of the running.
This is great news. How exciting! I'd love to play that game. It looks very promising too. Like Castle Crashers meets Diablo or something.
I concur.
OP keeps insisting that Oculus deserves credit for this PR damage control. They don't. This isn't a fundamental shift in their design philosophy or ethical boundaries. No one was replaced. There was no change in management. It's a counter measure for all the flak they have deservedly reserved. This in no way precludes their ability to fuck us in the future.
Left out: * The Division: Overwhelmingly Negative (2,620 reviews) * GTA 5: Mostly Positive (7,043 reviews) * Rocket League: Very Positive (6,944 reviews) I have hundreds of hours in all three games. I love Rockstar. They made and continue to support a great game. I love Psyonix. They made and continue to support a great game. I hate UbiMassive with the greatest of fiery passions. They made what could've been a great game into a horrible purgatory of glitches and scarcity. The Division is the antithesis of fun and everything video games are meant to be.
3452 because lotto is fun! Having done my own giveaways on gog, I commend your dedication.
He doesn't even know how to use the 3 sea shells lol.
Very welcome. Also, on a long enough timeline, everyone must fall lol. I have a 30 hour game going where I've been systemically dismantling each city state one by one. It's not my fault though. I was going for a pacifist run, but then they started it.
Can anyone comment on the potential for a class action lawsuit?
I'd consider myself in the top 1% of 1% of Akira fans. I read the manga. I have the numbered limited edition hardback volumes (well, most of em). I have three original animation cells and a number of original pencil sketches. I have the Panasonic DC's release, and the recent Blu-Ray release. I have the original VHS. I know this movie by heart up and down. I have no feelings on a live action Akira, good or bad. If I had to guess, it'll be a travesty. Chronicle is a pretty decent approximation for those interested in a live action version.
For anyone who wants more watch The Apartment with Jack Lemmon and Shirley Mclaine. It's an entire movie of this. After that, watch The Odd Couple with... Jack Lemmon and Walter Mathau.
It sounded like they were selling nothing. I'd be pretty mad if I spent money on a non-existent product (the boosted non-boosted cards).
Oh, I had already guessed you played them all. I'm spending time in Marvel Heroes until the anniversary ends, and I'm reviewing Brigador. After that, I'm completing Axiom and Dust.
Precisely how I feel about the whole ordeal. If this does get made, it won't be for the fans, what few of us are left; It's twenty years too late that. It will be for newcomers that think of it as a new IP, or have no knowledge that there was an anime or manga before it.
I know what you're doing on prom night.
Gorgeous video of a fuck-up.
Gifted or Grabbed: Grabbed Game received/gifted: Oniken, Punch Club, Dust, Crawl, Particle Mace, Axiom Verge Link to your steam profile: http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut Links to [GOG] + giveaway: https://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/4q1y8e/gog_ujpscrazy_gifted_me_six_games_to_my_face/ + https://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/4p2zcz/summer_secret_santa_sign_up/ Total Grabbed now: 21
62
62
19798
cancer
Bad Boy Bubby (1993) I win.
Heyo, great post. I've just been spending the last two days in Marvel Heroes, as it's the last two days of the anniversary event. It's so strange for me because I purchased a starter pack way back when at PAX East 2013. I played the game for a few hours before quitting and requesting a refund. It just felt unfinished. Fast forward three years, and this is seriously one of the most involved mmoarpg's I've ever played. Everything is connected with everything else. All of your actions benefit your overall account. And during this event? Holy Christmas, it was like a company sanctioned exploit. Such a treat and a polar opposite to other stingy games (cough, division, cough). Now if only I'd get something other than a blue in Overwatch. ;)
You gotta up your MS Paint/Photoshop/Gimp/Paint.NET game bro.
Any tips for an i7-2600k sandy bridge? I haven't overclocked in a decade. :/ It's a 3.4GHz (says 3.8GHz turbo boost).
Weird. I keep see Baba Jaga pop up. My only exposure to her was in Rise of the Tomb Raider. Has she made appearances in other games or media recently? I can't imagine she was popularized only recently because of tomb raider. I am aware that she's an old folk tale.
Is this mandatory? Fuck Facebook. Am I opted in automatically?
Yup. Otherwise a very basic game. I personally am not a fan of these single click score games but some may like it. The near insta-kill asteroid is annoying though.
The fanny pack does it for me. He's my new hero. The random shit is the best. A road? Wtf. I love this guy.
As long as I get to keep playing games on my 970, I'm happy. Chugging away on my 1080@60 display.
This isn't a failure in PC building. That's the effect. The cause is a failure in critical thinking. And that's what frightens me most. Whether he's 10 or 100, there are basic questions a person has to ask themselves as they go through any process. Do I know what I'm doing? What don't I know? Am I safe? Can I close the gap in my knowledge myself or will it require an expert? Etc. Yes, everyone has to start somewhere. This is NOT where you start. Like... wtf
I remember watching these movies as a kid. And reading Fangoria. The 80's were glorious. 55
I used to know all the secret caves in The Legend of Zelda. Whenever I'd see someone playing, I'd tell them to bomb a random wall which always revealed a special cave. My friends thought I was a God. In reality, I had memorized a map (from Nintendo Power or something) of the entire Zelda world with all the secret caves on it. I had also 100% all three (four?) slots.
Arrival Interstellar Oblivion Edge of Tomorrow Moon Another Earth Sunshine Just a few options. Don't get me started on the Star Trek reboots.
You're the real MVP. This is the best comment I've seen for a study on Reddit yet. Thanks.
Is it on Steam? I played Rise of the Tomb Raider on Steam. Gorgeous game.
Wrong. They use sustainable palm oil. Here, let me help you be offended. Fuck you.
Had this on my wish list for a year. Heard it was short. Decided to pass. I'm so disappointed. :(
Update OP?
That was a good breakdown. Purchased. I'll report back after I get some time in. Update: not bad. Cute little game. Some notes: The world names seemed to be messed up. WI12? I don't get it. Would be nice if they were clearer/simpler. It feels grindy at the moment. Would be cool if the game involved more strategy. Like if jumping drained energy but killing enemies restored it. Then gameplay would be more meaningful. Now, it's just about coins, energy upgrade, coins, energy upgrade. My skill really only affects the coins I collect by a small margin.
This, accessing the BIOS, navigating DOS via keyboard, and issuing modem commands manually convinced me that I was a hacker when I was young. (I wasn't)
Mind explaining that last bit?
I've never played an Assassin's Creed. Now I figured I'll just keep my streak going. That looks fun though. The jumping, not the ball squashing.
Grad student here. After a long absence in school and no reason to interact with undergrads, I just hit up one of the coffee shops around campus until class time rolls around. Another I just spend the majority of my time studying at home.
I fucking love this game. I don't get people who don't love INSIDE. Yes, think like me syndrome (a cultured, cinephile, gaming connoisseur of 32 years of gaming).
I... I don't believe you. (I'm in denial.)
Much better than the usual "tutorial": 1. Have a 2 ton piece of equipment(s) 2. Have a machine shop 3. Have "scrap" raw materials in new condition 4. Quit your full time job and apprentice under a master craftsman for a few years 5. Make a living off of your new trade. 5.a *optional* start a YouTube channel 6. Learn how to do *X*
Right. And how many ISP's does your wallet have to choose from? Better question, and more realistic, how meant ISPs do Americans have to choose from? This champion of free market I don't know where you've been in America, but most people (80%) live in urban areas. And for most of those, they're lucky if they have two choices. Now what happens when your three ISP (realistically two) options are Comcast, Verizon and AT&amp;T and all three have decided to throttle your traffic, favor whichever sites paid them to, and blocks those sites they deem unsavory? Your internet is censored then, and you're at the bottom of the "freedom" barrel for developed nations. Yeah, your wallet is doing a wonderful job.
You put a $19,000 crafted two ton table I n the CORNER OF THE FUCKING ROOM?!?!
I first noticed her in Solaris and she fucking killed it. Alongside Clooney and the others, hers was a breakout performance. Ever since then, when I see her, I know her role is legit. Then Suicide Squad... :(
Can't wait to see it again. Reading a lot of these comments and hearing some who were disappointed when the reveal or the story arc, I'll just say hint and suggest you rethink the whole movie knowing what the reveal is. The ones arguing about which person she was in the beginning or middle or end; you're both right.
Realize that Silicon Valley is but one out of several pockets of wealth in an otherwise flailing country. You're citing a bubble as a sample space. We're moving towards an evermore polarized version of wealth disparity, not unlike the ones depicted in movies like Soylent Green, that show 3%, or what's already a reality on South American cities. Go visit the rest of America. I guarantee they're not thinking about Prime Now or they're Starbucks orders to-go.
Any word on whether Gazilion is going to get support for Marvel Heroes. It went from zero to hero since it's launch three years ago. For a casual, loot fest, mmoarpg, with super heroes, it does a fine job. And it's free to play, but almost feels... dare I say... fair?!
Been following him since day one. When did he make that bedding? I don't recall him demonstrating that. Any links?
I found this musician playing through Refunct. It's this smooth electronic music with some thump to it. It compliments the game itself perfectly, but I started listening to it on it's own as well. Takes a minute to build up, but then the beat come in. Just [good, chill music](https://youtu.be/fWfPDHsnyew?t=4m05s). (around 5m16s it kicks in and it's like wtf. Has a much bigger impact while you're playing the game. Also, don't cheat and speed it up.). Here's the guy's site who made the [music for the game](https://kristofferson.bandcamp.com/).
You pressed 'Yes' when it asked for permission to notify you?! I'm more surprised by that. No game needs notifications turned on.
128
628 Woohoo!
Steam, GOG, ^and ^Battle.net.^^anduplayandoriginandepicandriotandfrontierandwindowsstore Not so bad. Seriously, I just focus on Steam.
Steam, GOG, and now Amazon. ^And ^Battle.net.^^anduplayandoriginandepicandriotandfrontierandwindowsstore Not so bad. Seriously, I just focus on Steam.
Don't forget a reliable tagging and wishlist system. Friend network. Messaging. Game joining. Game watching. Easy return system (with provisos). Cloud saving. Stat and achievement tracking. Community forums, guides, and groups. Steam Greenlight (kinda shit now). Badges. etc. Personally, I love Steam. And just making a storefront where I can maybe get the game $3 dollars less (questionable) is not worth it to me to give up all of those other features AND have to manage yet another game launcher.
They do. Fortunately, for digital only sales, customer service needs tend to be low. Blows all that out of the water is a little out of proportion.
If I play with anyone, it's because of Steam. We only go to Uplay or battle.net after talking in Steam first. I've gotten to the point where if a game isn't on Steam, I just wait until it is. I'd love to play Dead Rising 4, but I'm not playing it on the Windows Store. Not mention, all the others are on Steam already. Final Fantasy XV, I have to wait for the PC port. Really loved ico and SotC, but I guess I'll have to miss out on last guardian.
Holy cow man. Uhhh, where to begin? The tutorial just reads like a bunch of physics babble. After what felt like 30 screens "explaining" how the game works, with buttons changing sides, and tutorial text matching the next button. Then there were about twenty screens of existential jargon. Then the game starts. The movement buttons take the entire left side of the screen. I have to move my thumb all the way to the top to move up. I went through a door. And then nothing. No clear indication what to do next. Gave up after that. Big gratz for getting an app up. That's the first step. I think the game UI and flow could use a lot of work. I can't speak to the gameplay because I never made it that far.
I love the aesthetic. I'll be trying to trade for it for the next few weeks. I'm hoping the bugginess gets resolved.
Fuck you very much. Haven't built a system since 2012.
Please tell me there's a step to digitize it.
A lot of great games come out of the czech republic and old eastern block. Pretty awesome stuff. Not sure how it plays; that squid creature looks a little unruly to control. Great fucking art though.
Any update on speeding to 60? What were your findings? Thanks for your invaluable work.
I'm just happy someone made that.
This is how I got my wife to marry me.
What is a manald lightning wizard mean?
People keep mentioning the Tal set or tal/vashyr. Are these sets that I need to collect? Any advice on farming them? Or do I just play season 10, and pick a full set? I think someone mentioned you get to pick a full set when you complete 4 objectives? Ranks? Somethings?
LOL, I stayed in that hotel last year. Great neighborhood in Taipei.
INSIDE. That special ending still freaks me out.
"We come from France!"
Still rocking my i7-2600k I have no clue what any of this is about. I won't be upgrading for another two years. :(
Go to library and sort games by recent. Scroll to the top of the list (because for some stupid reason it doesn't do it automatically). Now you'll see your most recently played,installed,updated games. Start at the top and work your way down. When you decide you're done with a game, uninstall it. This sort of works for me lol.
You forgot about the thing with the dual and quad channel support for memory not being standard across boards or chips. Or something convoluted like that.
Still rocking my i7-2600k at stock speed (3.4 GHz I think?). When the time comes, I'll OC to 4.0 or 4.2 to get a bit more life out of it. Then I'll dump Intel for good, after 13 years of brand loyaty, in favor of a Ryzen build. I should add, I will HAPPILY dump Intel in favor of a Ryzen build. I detest these shenanigans. Intel deserves to get fucked for this.
https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/6f780r/apparently_vietnam_has_no_idea_about_umbrella/
Hopefully Australian prison is as bad as they deserve.
Time and necessity.
Holy shit! First off, thank you for the chance. Second, I've got a great story for your giveaway. It's an oldie but goodie. It also takes place in a different era. So, growing up in NYC, in the 80's and 90's, besides being dangerous as hell ( watch New Jack City and Juice for reference), it was also our playground of sorts. We didn't have backyards to play in, only the streets (central park was off limits except to the homeless, drug dealers, and stubborn/naive joggers). Spending so much time on the street, we learned how to use public payphones as a method of communication. See, in the very early days, pay phones would ring when you called them, so we would memorize the numbers of a few key phones and call them when we needed. Hell, even homeless people could have their own "landline" by just giving the number of the phone closest to them (or living under the phone itself; it happened). Then Bell Atlantic got wise and turned off the ringer. Thing is, if you picked up the phone while the other person was calling, you could still complete the call even though the phone wouldn't ring. So, we had to memorize pay phone numbers and the approximate time to call the phone. This consisted of verbal agreements like, "alright, I'll call the phone on 53rd three times at 5. If you don't pick up, I'll try again at 5:30, otherwise I'm leaving without you". Ok, now that we have the setup out of the way. Me and my two best friends would play countless hours of NHL Hockey (the original from 1991) on the Sega Genesis. We would rotate around and around, winner plays next game. And we would try to beat each other's winning streak. So, these daily occurrences would take place after school, usually when the weather was foul, since it meant no street ball ( we played a lot of street ball too). Now, on this particular day, me and my friend were heading over to the kid's house who owned the Genesis, BUT we had to wait at a pay phone? Why?!?! Because my friend gave his "number" to a girl we liked (every one liked really, more on that later), and she said she would call later. The reason why he gave "his" pay phone number instead of his house phone, was because if he talked to a girl on the phone at home, EVERYONE in his family would talk shit about him on the phone. (Let's call him alex) "Why are you calling Alex? That fat fuck? You sound cute. You should talk to me, I'm his brother John ~ (mom gets on the line) ~ John! Shut up. Is that Alex? Alex, go buy toilet paper! (Alex cuts in) Mom! I'm in the other room, did you have to say it on the phone?" Etc etc. It was very difficult for alex to get dates. So we're standing at this payphone and we missed the first deadline, which meant we had to wait for the second deadline to come by. 30 minutes later, he picks up. Nothing. Picks up again. Nothing. And then a third time, and there she was. They chat it up, flirt, planned to sit next each other on our next field trip. So, call done, girl talk successful, we go to the other friend's house. He's there warming up on NHL Hockey, I plopped down on the couch and jump in, and Alex is standing. We're playing and laughing, and he's... just standing. So we're like, "wtf dude, sit down and play" and he says "Can I get a towel?" Which was a strange request. "What? Just sit down and get next. You're fucking up the rotation." "I can't". He says. "What? Why?" "I'll tell you, but you can't tell Vicky." "What? Yeah sure, but what does she have to do with you not sitting down?!" "Remember when we were waiting for her to call?" "Yeah of course, I was there." "Well, I had to go to the bathroom really badly." "No... get the fuck out..." "Right when I was about to give up on her calling, I picked up and she was there." ("Here it comes", we both said aloud) "Well, I wasn't going to hang up on her then, so... I pissed myself." Now we're all on the floor laughing our asses off. "WTF! Why? Omg." "What!? She's really hot. It was worth it!" "Dude! You were pissing on yourself while I was standing right next to you! We even shared the phone!" "I wasn't going to get any on you." ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Cut to day of the field trip, we're riding in the bus heading to battery park. He gets to sit next to her, they chat, but she says she can't date because she's seeing someone. Next week, we see a picture of her and Jerry Seinfeld walking together in the New York Times. It was an article about how he was dating a high schooler. We flip the fuck out. He turns to us, "See?! I told you she was worth pissing myself!" [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut) Not strictly about the game, but I'll always associate him pissing his pants with that call and NHL 93. And Jerry dating a fucking underage girl.
As a huge fan of Christopher Reeve and Superman, I hate to say this, but he was kind of a dick. He used to live on the upper west (NYC) side near my friend's school. Naturally, as children and huge fans of Superman, we dreamt of bumping into him. One day we finally did, and when we went to say hi, he told us to "fuck off" (or close to). Granted, we were kids and this was around '80 something, so at the height of his Superman stardom, but after years lifetime of meeting celebrities in person, when they're just being themselves, he always stuck out as one of the mean ones. Then he had his accident and it humbled him immensely. Even still, he will always be the epitome of superman to me.
Luckily, it was such a common occurrence to meet celebs growing up that we learned to just separate the person from the character. I spent an afternoon with Mark Hamill just talking about fishing. He was big into fishing at the time. I think he had just returned from Montana or something. Couldn't be a nicer more down-to-earth guy. Robin Williams loved sci-fi and comics. I bumped into him more times than I can count all over the city, but especially Forbidden Planet (there used to be one on the East Side, maybe around 53rd?). William Hurt was a stern fatherly figure type. He gave me a speech about why I shouldn't light firecrackers in the street (I was on the sidewalk and there was NO one around on West End). Baryshnikov is just straight up baller. Fucking cool incarnate. He's just chill and will entertain any requests. I ate at an obscure chinese restaurant at like 3 am and it was just me and him across the dining hall. The whole staff and chef came out to meet him and take pictures. I just nodded at him, in recognition. He comped my meal. Jack Nicholson... I bumped into him and fucked up one of his takes on As Good as it Gets; he was expectedly gruff, but necessarily with me (I squeezed through a crowd, thinking it was just normal pedestrian traffic. It was the crew from the film and gawkers). Etc. Etc. Shit like that. But Christopher Reeve was just a dick.
Uhh, no. It's not. Happened on 82nd between broadway and west end. He was a dick. Gratz on him being a family friend.
Do you have pics of any of your builds? And have you taken a look at Elite Dangerous? Since you said you like space
Don't forget to post a thank you thread as well and to update your flair.
Is there a mod to fix this kind of behavior? It's very jarring to the atmosphere of the game to be arrested for bugging a chicken after saving the world.
A magnifying glass, a pot, a tent, a knife, and an insulated sleeping bag.
That was a great video and end result. Perfect for this sub. That's op.
You keep harping on that. Stop projecting; it's transparent. And whether I am or not, doesn't retroactively change that Chris Reeve was a fucking asshole LOL. If you walk like shit and talk like shit, [then it's shit](http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=504261). You're friend was a dick. Everyone knows.
We could use more games of the caliber and quality of Factorio.
Oddly enough, Clue. If Sandlot or Stand by Me are like watching movies about you and your friends in the past, Clue was like watching your parents.
Hey fellow winner. I'll be jumping in as soon as my exams are done.
Thank you for reminding me. Taking my wife this weekend. She'll freak.
Which one is it? Not from your dad's era, mine had to be Top Gun. Holy crap was that good.
I'll give it a try when I go. That face is creepy though.
Treat game time like movie time. Think of when you're in the mood for a movie, you generally don't do other things or browse the web looking for spoilers, etc. The best way to start that is with finely crafted single player experiences. MP tends to take you out of the game a lot with its downtime and deaths and potentially disconnects. A single player experience is like a fluid interactive narrative. Current best example being Witcher 3 IMO. But others are Rise of the Tomb Raider, Uncharted series, even smaller games like Grow Home.
I told her as much. But at the same time, we're both so particular and methodical with the way we play that we wouldn't want to subject anyone else to that. Likewise, we don't like people messing in our factories. We don't even play MP together LOL. Agreed, 0.15 was huge. I love the higher def additions they're making too. Mods have come along way as well.
I'm going to guess UPS.
But that's not what the super rich want.
This is amazing news
I can't wait for my next build to be an AMD/ATI build. In like, 2019...
No.
I see SMH. I've looked it up. And yet I still can't remember what it stands for. Because regardless of what anyway says, I still see it as "Same Old Shit". Yes, even if the letters don't match.
I don't see the problem. Looks fun as hell. I remember the first two VR crazes. I haven't tried this one yet, but I think it's got some chops. Or at least my desire to try it out makes me feel that way. Lol.
It comes from restrictions on move sets and abilities. Your dash has a small cooldown. There's a cooldown frame to swinging a sword, etc. basically every action leaves you vulnerable, so you have to use them wisely. While I loved the presentation and exploration of the game, I found it horribly annoying not being a bit able to chain dashes or chain a dash and a sword strike. It just feels like a cheap way to make the game difficulty. I never died because I didn't understand how to beat an enemy. I always died because of those fucking gaps of vulnerability. It'd be like playing super meat boy, but every time you landed from a jump, you couldn't move for a split second. Yeah, fuck that.
I've simply been researching which country I want to move to next. All my smart friends got out years ago.
Exactly this.
As is every other nation. America isn't the only developed country. And these days, far from it. The problem is systemic and it won't be fixed by my vote. I have no plans of going into politics, so why stay and continue to help prop up a clearly broken system when I can leave and join a society that is doing it better.
He just changed the rest of his life.
[I made this into a Shel Silverstein Poem.](https://imgur.com/gallery/NPpLI)
Child's play. Eggs, pasta, milk. Done.
Test Flight. Ever game I've tested for devs has been through test flight. https://developer.apple.com/testflight/
I've been calling it Pubs with my friends. Sounds better.
Objectively: #1 Switzerland #2 Canada #3 United Kingdom #4 Germany #5 Japan #6 Sweden https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/overall-full-list
How long did that last? A day? And people still defend their favorite major publisher. It has to be young people and/or the misinformed/uneducated, because why how in the fuck do they think publicly traded companies of those proportions have their base's best interest at heart. They are in it for the profit! There is a board that makes decisions on behalf of the majority shareholders and whatever will maximize their gain for that quarter happens. But they said this and they said that. No kids! If they can fleece you, they will!
I reddit in preparation for being rich. When I get that phat paycheck that's entitled to the proletariat, I have millions of dollars worth of stuff to buy. And then I will be happy sunshine like the rest of America. Because as long as I have stuff, who gives a fuck if the rest of the country is destitute without proper education, health care, or social programs.
If you're a gamer over 35 and you're defending this shit, you should send me your computer so I can dispose of it properly. For a fee, of course. Because you're a fucking idiot.
No. And it's releasing on PS4 as well. Timed exclusive by a matter of months.
What's that?
Heading to mine today. Any other specific cards I should look out for? I'm on a GTX 970.
Thank you for this.
I don't touch the Windows Store except to block it and turn it off. MS is trying to turn PC's into a walled garden a la Apple and the can die in a fire for that shit. Not to mention how fucking garbage it is. Fuck the Windows Store.
I'm playing on PC. Is this sub not for the PC game?
This is just a bad idea all around. Magnets die. The depth of that screw is not enough to handle any sort of lateral movement. And is expensive as hell. It's cute, but the epitome of gimmicky.
I play on PC and PS4. Since, I refuse to use the Windows Store, the only two games I've heard about that I can't play are Forza and Gears of War 4. I couldn't care less about either. If someone gave me an Xbox tomorrow, I wouldn't know what to do with it (give it away on here). Meanwhile, I received a PS4 which brought me into the current gen, and I had a laundry list of games to play.
"Huh, that youtuber sounds familiar... ughhh, what's up with the cadence and rhythm in his speech? Oh fuck, is this Nerdwriter? It's Nerdwriter..."
Sweet.
100%ed the first on release. Loved it. Special edition and everything. Got the second on deep discount ($5 maybe). Played for thirty or so minutes. It felt empty and flat. Haven't been back since.
No. No they don't. That's unpossible.
The question on my mind is: Is the 1% chance that this is successful, advancing spiral cord surgeries by decades, worth the 99% chance that this fails, dooming head transplants to sci-fi quackery?
This is a mobile game right? Like those League games.
What gif?
Ahh, cool.
Or we can just "pirate" the mods ourselves. So... fuck your take two. Bring it on.
Can I get a 1920x1080 version of this?
They don't make movies like they used to.
"Not much, crooked nose."
Flashbacks to trading pages in chat.
When's season two out?
Old school social engineering. I love it. I survived the 90's doing shit like that. Saw A LOT of free movies that way lol.
Glad to see Paper Moon on the list. I'm surprised The Apartment or Some Like it Hot didn't make the cut.
That's what new IP is for. WOW created its own market. To risk low risk high profits for high risk low profits makes no sense. Artistically, it's horrible. Financially, it's a no-brainer. But Blizzard isn't in the business of making art.
If I could subscribe to his channel twice, I would. I love that boat so much, I may make a trip to Connecticut just to meet it.
Damn. I love backgammon.
Pffft. Whatever. It's... I don't care! My 970 works perfectly well. I'm covered. Not jealous at all. I'll be sticking with 1080p 60Hz for the foreseeable future. 4K? 120Hz? What's that? VR? Who needs it? Yeah, totally not jealous. Not even... It's fine... I'm fine. It's just raining one both of my eyes.
How does that work? Doesn't he have to be playing with other people?
No, that would be anything by Nonstop (Marquese Scott) and his (old?) crew Dragon House. The low frame rate in this video helps too.
I don't get this.
Oh damn! 628 Big money big money no whammy STOP!
[Illuminati confirmed.](http://i.imgur.com/t5FFKXA.png)
"If all your directors are assholes, then YOU'RE the asshole."
Right. Targeting PS4 for hold no gaming back, right on the heels of the Xbox One X announcement. This guy has no ulterior motives whatsoever. /s
Why not just make the hood ornament automatically detract when the car is off?
Wireless pc gaming receiver by Microsoft. It's a USB dongle that allows you to connect your wireless Xbox 360 controllers. It's the main reason I started using my pc for couch gaming.
Get new friends.
There's a bug with wall damage decals. After he kills an enemy and shoots the wall behind it, the billet holes no longer appear.
One step closer to resistance controllers that will provide feedback for when you're grabbing something.
I have the space, but not the computing power. Same shit, different boat.
Ugh, you win, again. But until you RGB a kitchen sink, I won't accept defeat.
is it really that destructible? I still have an urge to play this game, though I've never tried a Just Cause before. How's the DRM and PC optimization?
He posted proof. It worked.
Without flash sales, steam sales are all sizzle and no steak.
I teared up during that episode.
Same. I have 31 complete games on steam and 29% completion rate over 400+ games.
I loved twin stick shooters but I wasn't sure if this would appeal to me. Looks great. Thanks for the vid.
What studio? What else have they done? I tend to follow indie devs but this game is new to me.
I do know them. Also, Outland was out on xbox first. I know because I played it way back when.
He seems kind of young to be a space shuttle pilot, no? Like 18 or something? And didn't they retire all those beauties?
I was called by these people. Getting a call from the IRS is one of my biggest fears, so when it happened, I was very worried. Luckily for me, I was very busy on a business trip and dealing with multiple people, so when the call came, I was less than happy. Rather than agree to calling me later, he wanted all of this information. That's when it clicked that the IRS would never call me out of the blue. They'd send a piece of paper from the government. So I told him, of he wants anything from me, he can email me from his .gov email address or write me on IRS stationary, otherwise fuck off. He fucked off.
I love Anonymous and hope they take on more work. Modern day cyber super heroes if you ask me.
Those connectors are our last way of feeling special. Otherwise, all computer building is plug and play, after checking for conflicts. I always make sure to play up the difficulty in plugging those pins in (despite modern MBs even have pin out assignments printed on the board itself (sometimes)). "Oh MAN, I HATE these damn pins. What a nuissance!" /s
Head over to /r/Games. It's insane how much corporate dick they suck over there.
I made bread once from scratch. Got the yeast. Kneaded and let it rise multiple times. Took the whole day. And I made good bread. But I can buy good bread for a dollar. I never made bread again.
Just look at top comments from their OpenIV post: https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/6j7cpm/gta_v_modding_tool_openiv_receives_a_public_update/
And an allegory for Edmund McMillan's upbringing.
At least here you can say Fuck Nintendo and not get banned.
Trump is what happens when an entire country no longer values education.
So, Reddit...
628 Hmmm, that's such a hard question. I have favorite series though. The first is The Room series. I love puzzles and I love intricate environments. The ambiance is amazing too. And the story! Always an instant buy for me. Next is Monument Valley. Such a soothing pleasant puzzle genre, though a little simplistic. Very relaxing overall, for me. Finally, Knightmare Tower is my favorite arcade game that uses tilt controls. Oh and Yeti Skiing Mountain or whatever it's called. I could go on.
If you're good at something, never do it for free.
I have a 970 now. Could I SLi two 970's? Would it be worth it?
People in less developed countries can make a living off of the cards and trading. But that's a very small percentage. Otherwise it's just as the others have said.
Article should be tagged as Spoiler. Do NOT read if you haven't seen the movie.
That's great to know! Thanks.
I chose make a deal. She whispered sweet nothings into my ear and stole 500 energy. She then came back for an order of two shiny stone knives. Haven't heard from her since.
Jesus... For a second, I thought freedomtacos got you to finish a game. I was almost offended. Oh, sick giveaway too LOL. By the way, you could write a description like the ones above for every game on steam? Cause those were perfect descriptions lol. (Not entering. Forever alone, my ass)
I'll try for Position A. I have experience in Python and C, as I'm a grad student in Comp Sci at the moment. That doesn't mean I'm good at it, but as long as you aren't asking me to implement an all-shortest-paths algorithm, I think I'll be OK (actually, even then I should be able to work something out, it'll probably just run in worse than O(V^3) time lol). I've been lurking, soliciting, and squatting on this sub for years now. I've seen the greats come and go, endured the ni**a chat on discord and in steam chat for a time, conducting my own giveaways (though I'm do for another, as poor as I am), and winning others. I already know a majority of you basement dwelling, fedora wearing, cyber jockies, so I doubt I'll have a problem assimilating. My two main reasons for applying are the programming exposure (perfect place to practice: high responsibility, low risk) and the charity. I owe my fair share to this place and I'd like to try my hand at making it better. The 60 day trial period works out perfectly because I'll be able to gauge whether I'm even capable of those tasks required of me. Well, that's about it. Hopping over to Soulfuck's giveaway, because he has the best surveys. Also, my steam account is older than yours. :P [steam profile](https://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
How are you doing? Good. You? Spending a ridiculous amount of time playing [Dawn of Crafting](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dawn-of-crafting/id1067104191?mt=8) on my phone. There's also a sub for it. Epic crafting game. What are you excited for? Seeing if I can snag Little Nightmares or Hollow Knight before the summer sale ends! I am a HUGE INSIDE, Limbo, and metroidvania fan and I really can't miss either of those games. What is something exciting, happy, and/or positive that has happened to you recently? What have you bought so far during the summer sales (not just on Steam)? I downloaded Dawn of Crafting for free on my phone. I sold some cards and bought a black shirt for PUBG... What are you planning to buy during the summer sales (not just on Steam)? WELL! After I win this giveaway!!! I'll be picking up Hollow Knight and Little Nightmares. It may not be enough, but I'll supplement it with the extra card money in my steam wallet. In reality, as a broke ass grad student, nothing. What games are you mostly playing right now? PUBG actually. And Dawn of Crafting. PUBG for obvious reasons. But seriously, take a look at Dawn of Crafting. It's insanely addictive. It takes the crafting from Minecraft/Terraria, but simplifies it to just an inventory, and you have a narrator that leads you through the story and hands out quests. You also have a little minion to gather supplies for you. It's stupidly simple, but the recipes are surprisingly realistic and plentiful. Most recent game you completed? As a platformer enthusiast (next to ARPG's and puzzle games, they're my favorite genre), I 100%ed Headlander and completed Rise &amp; Shine (FINALLY) thanks to my wife's HB monthly. Headlander was really good! Like, shockingly so. It had some innovative mechanics, and introduced new gameplay elements all the way to the ending. It also had a good story to boot. I'm surprised it hasn't been talked about more. Recent games you played that you enjoyed? Dead Cells! Holy crap! It's still just in EA, but it's SO good and the pixel art is lovelyyyyyy. It's like a side-scrolling rogue-like, pixel Dark Souls. It's hard and punishing, but if you master each enemy type, you can dance your way through the game. When I have more time to devote to gaming, I'll play it more. Or just wait for release. Post your favorite celebration music, videos, gifs, pictures, etc! [That's easy. ENJOY!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sagg08DrO5U&amp;t=77s) How has your summer been so far? Busy with classes. But the sun is out more when I look out the window, so that's nice. Any summer plans? Learn Computer Science. Favorite season(s)? Totally depends on temporal and spatial locality. First, Summer in New England is completely different from Summer in the Sahara. Second, BACK IN MY DAY (seriously though), the seasons used to be more easily distinguishable/identifiable from one another. There was a clear moment when Summer turned to Fall, Fall turned to Winter, and Winter turned to Spring. The four shifts/phases were very clear. Now, it feels like we have two horrible seasons of extreme cold and extreme hot, buffered by a few weeks of temperate weather. So, my favorite season would have to be... Fall, New England, circa 1985.
That's a great pack and should actually last you the summer!
I've held the same view for the longest time, but my wife (fine arts) explained to me that a lot of abstract art is not meant to be held in isolation; that the context is as important, if not more important, than the piece itself. I guess that's true for all art.
Remove the "Moni too low" and that's accurate. It's not because it's too low. It's because they always want more. Gotta make the rich richer.
