If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone. Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily. Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it. Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
You mean?
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern. Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
Also men do not get to choose wheter or not they want to support a child born because a mother unilaterally witheld BC w/o telling them ;) what about them? "collateral damage" of someones 20+ years of income ? What choice do those men had? Then again, its just a man, right? He should man up. /s
&gt; So, taking her at her word I'd take her on her word way before that, that she would not cheat. Thats what being exclusive means, right ?
For now, yes. Those things can change, and data do not dissapear by themselves ;) remember that.
&gt; he dropped it and sincerely apologized to me I'd say you both just moved a bit too fast for your needs / likes. As you now taking it slow now, he backed off, he apologized - i think that it has a potential to turn out ok.
I'd still get a paternity test. Just in case.
the person having an issue here is OP's cheating wifey. OP should aim for 100% custody, after paternity testing.
He talks about it, because he knows what she will do in this situation (quite predictable move on her side, tbh, too). A lawyer is also a stranger, so I guess ,by your logic, he shouldnt talk to him? On the other hand, mother has no/too little income, has no place to stay in same area as father - why should everything be about HER, especially if she is the one that fucked up ? Feminism much?
OMG, why would anyone want a tattoo in a such infection-prone place? O_o
"a bit" insulting, if you ask me. And im not even Japanese. ...and "a bit" is a diplomacy talk.
Looking at this thread, I have a feeling, that tattoo was meant to be done to piss off that one certain tattoo artist that was selected by the client XD
They do. Also, check out eyeball tattoos. And cringe.
more like "they were married off by their families" than "they married".
Your lungs will rupture if you try and hold it in, in short. Then, you will drown in your own blood :)
Yeah, except that process takes days, while just removing your helmet in space would end up as explosive decompression :)
I guess it would not be to hard to perform invitro procedure on a woman during a surgery, but assisted reproduction methods also rely on hormonal therapy before the procedure itself - so I dont know wheter such feat would result in a viable pregnancy.
Also, depends on what exactly is the construction of the plant. I.e. radiation hazard from chernobyl 4 event is that high, because there was no safety/containment dome over the reactor - and once the reactor vessel's cover was blown off, it obliterated that flimsy metal sheet roof overhead, and left reactor open (and burning) to the outside world. A proper containment building would mitigate this to an extent. Another thing to consider, is the core composition - again, chernobyl 4 reactor - the RBMK-1000 - contains several hundred tons of graphite, that, if heated and exposed to oxygen, burns. Fires create updrafts that will cause radioactive particles to spread over large areas. If that was a PWR reactor, the crisis would be most probably way better contained.
For comparison, the largest test device ever to be detonated - the USSR's Tsar Bomba - had yield equivalent of 50 megatons of TNT. And its shockwave caused damage as far as finland (thru atmospheric lensing) where there were several cases of buildings having their roofs blown off.
&gt; Gamma rays are not dangerous by themselves umm, yeah, they are, actually. If they were not dangerous, they would not be in gamma ray part of EM spectrum anymore. Less frequency means less energy carried.
&gt; in small quantities Apart from tiny additional cancer chance, this is about correct now :)
&gt; Can you still have a relationship without sexual relations? Unless both parties are asexual, and assuming its not an open relationship, such relationship will mostly, not last. &gt; She has opened up to me about her childhood, she said her step brother used to force her to do things. If she was abused, was she in a therapy later? Maybe this could help.
So, should a hate speech be OK if its performed in a willing circle of people? Thats how NSDAP started, tbh...
Also, is she is mentally fit to be a principal, she is well fit mentally to be tried by the court.
I guess the primer on a HEAT is not keyed for such soft target as a human body, so it just passed thru without actuating. And I dont think it would be a razor cut, more like having a grenade explode inside him - all that kinetic energy, and follow-up shockwave behind the round.
Actually, I once wondered would the elephants foot undergo at least some fission if subjected to a nuke going off nearby...
I literally always did that to that city. Just because that crazy scientist-style girl there. Tho, the first time Ive met her as a ghoul, AFTER the fact, was...unsettling. A bit.
Any big enough bomb will solve any problem...the fact, that it will solve anything else in general area, is another story altogether.
which is very overrated. You just to make sure that the opponent has no chance of retaliatory action.
&gt; child abuse that is being worked on, with the pope cracking down on it. you mean, by kicking out any priest who tries to actually achieve anything apart from PR statements ? GG, pope, GG. But we atheists still not gonna belive you have any sort of good intentions. tldr: pope is just a PR guy anyway, with an...interesting past to boot.
If you do not deal with extremist in your midst you are as guilty, by being an enabler.
And why should I care? You have an extremist in your midst? You take care of him. There is always a way to do SOMETHING, even if by showing political support against that extremist. Yet most do nothing.
&gt; Should I discuss this problem with my therapist? What for. Its too late anyway. *chants "one of usssss" :D
A pickaxe is also a manual craft, so add at least one.
But what if he likes it small? :)
As for tracks, they were specially-built quad rail lines, curved to faciliate directional aiming. There was no "line" to speak of that got to them - the gun was assembled on-site after the rails were built, directly on them.
Its not really "mobile" - only movement it did while assembled, was aiming. Even that was done by external locomotives, as gun itself did not have engines.
not with 20 meters+ of barrel recoil :)
In short, Plan B is an emergency hormonal birth control pill. Prevents pregnancy when used within first 72 hours after sex.
Its not that easy - if it was, you would be able not only to "cure" transsexuals, but homosexuals - and yet, no "cure" was found for either, just because its not that easy as it looks. dont think of being trans/homosexual as "thinking the wrong things" - its the other way around, think of it as a (i.e.) male brain that you made to live in a female body.
Depends what one defines as "being ill". If you treat everything "not perfect normal" as "ill", than not only gay people are "ill" but virtually noone is sane - just undiagnosed. As for clinical definition of being ill, homosexual person is not mentally ill.
like, gossip :D
&gt; regardless of gender Not that women can get prostate cancer :)
Dont glocks have a squeeze safety ? Technically its still a catch, you just operate it differently. And you can slide back -&gt; load a clip -&gt; relase the slide. Way easier to do.
Thats about the same level of fallacy, as you asserting that being in illness/disorder if its not your norm ;) Im more with WHO on what norm is.
&gt; Robocop... I liked the new movie well enough but would have liked it more as a sequel instead of a remake... the new actor really didn't pull off the roll nearly as well Peter Weller... he just wasn't the Murphy we all knew and loved. also, oryginal robocop looked and behaved like a mostly-machine entity, which it was. New robocop looked like a guy in a fancy suit.
A very large group of people is also batshit crazy. Tho, most probably, its just corelation and not causation. Mostly because, even toxoplasmosa cant make a person that much crazy as some are. :)
&gt; &gt; We visit each other once a month Then you dont really know her. Do not marry until you actually lived with each oter for 2-3 years AFTER LDR ends.
&gt; Was she really just busy? Probably. Fucking someone locally generally takes some work.
So whats wrong with a divorced person ?
1) get more money 2) get even more money. Women want men who can either provide servitude, success, or sex. preferably all of above.
Not willing to accept flaws, and will make a wonderful mother? I do not think so ;) Children also have flaws, and also, they are mostly not like you want them to be.
Until you get the fuel bill :D
Yeah, helicopters are in more vulnerable position, and are technically more vulnerable too. On the other hand, error margin on a helicopter is way larger compared to a jet aircraft doing 600+ mph at 1 mile ASL.
more temperature resistance, more density and less malleable. Thus better as ammo.
People dont change because children. They do fuck up children tho, if they try to make them into perfect images of their own imagination of what a person should be.
If she is using that much makeup that she looks different to such an extent, she's not the kind of person i'd date anyway. I prefer to look at the woman and see a woman, not a barbie doll living advert for 10 cosmetic companies.
In theory, yes. But as /u/stickmanDave stated already, its totally unfeasible due to economics. Producing and sustaining one gram of antimatter, currently, would cost more than the entire planetary economy.
That. Also, beware of ooopsies.
If you have any STD, he has a right to be upset. The "most people have it" is a bit bullshit, and not everyone wants to get involved with a person that carries a disease. Im 100% clean, and I expect my SO to be 100% clean, no exceptions. If he/she is not, its a 100% unrecoverable dealbreaker.
Time. You need time, girl.
Drugs are no better than pedo. Out there at the top of it, its not exactly "having a good smoke and a laugh", but more along the line of mexican cartels financing.
And that radioactivity is 1) low, 2) its alpha emission, meaning its only even dangerous if it gets inside you. Technically, with even 2-3% U235 enriched nuclear reactor fuel pellets, you can hold it in your hand and not have any adverse effects - provided it was never used in a reactor yet (so fission byproducts are in negligible quantity)
Cartels exist if you do not penalise crime harshy enough, or dont have forces to do so. And if you legalise drugs, you will only get more crime / accidents caused by people under the influence - and nothing positive for society. Then again, im all for super harsh / up to capital punishment for any serious crime (that meaning drugs, sexual crime, corruption, political engineering, terror, coercion, embezzelment, fraud, theft, etc - not traffic tickets :P)
&gt; They don't execute for rape or murder, only drugs. Most probably because they do not want that kind of persons in their teritory, period. You want to do drugs? You are free to do so...outside of their teritory. Or risk consequences. Its that easy.
Ummm, we can't ? Thats a new one.
We also existed without most of law enforcement, does not mean its good ;)
Thats because no law enforcement provides safety. It only provides consequences...sometimes. You want safety? CCW license if your friend.
&gt; super tsunami can make an entire country a no human zone It can do that on itself, without help :)
Also, the amount of really dangerous waste, from a year of power plant's operation, is negligible next to amount of dangerous waste from coal power plants, or any chemical processing / smelting.
&gt; Fukushiima was a total clusterfuck disaster. And, not surprisingly, so was Chernobyl-4 disaster, with extreme errors in reactor / safeties design added in.
oh trust me, they are there. Unfortunately.
I, for one, use facebook mostly for family/closest friends contact or sharing, and intrest groups. Nothing more.
Having renewable energy is one thing. Having it 100% dependable upon for access-sensitive industrial processes, is another story. Some plants could loose equipment worth millions if they fully lost power for more than minutes.
Reactors do not blow up by themselves, unless there is severe human error / design fault involved. Which is about the same as any other mass power generation. Stop fear mongering, and get facts straight, seriously.
&gt; It pumps two forms of hydrogen into a chamber One of two heavy isotopes, to be exact - either deuterium or tritium. You could technically use regular hydrogen, but then you'd need more power going in to sustain fusion reaction, starting the fusion is harder, containment is harder (way more pressure / temperature needed) and so on. On the other hand, tritium decays very fast, and is expensive / hard to get. Deuterium is between tritium and hydrogen, so its most probable fuel of choice. edit: And, i'd gather that output helium would be readily used, as we have a limited supply of helium on earth, and its useful.
Its not danger that people are concerned about, really. Its economics. Social costs a lot, and someone that didnt put a dime into the system, should not be allowed to use that system, just because he came, and deems he's entitled to. What about building your own country up again, instead of blowing it up?
They dont need help. They WANT everything done for them, w/o doing it themselves. My country did not start a war in syria, I dont see any point in imploding my economy because they WANT social. Especially, that without any education, language knowledge, and so on, you will be forced to sustain them for generations. Because they are not really able, nor willing, to sustain themselves.
The case of native americans is exactly what happens if you let illegal immigration in unchecked. TBH.
Or get stabbed with a sharpened pencil. Yeah, those were used as deadly weapons too, with good effect.
Why should I give my earned money, that I worked for, with my abilities that I worked to get, to someone without the will or ability to work themselves? I work, I want to keep my money.
Thats what you get when you manually withdraw control rods, by hand ;) shouldnt be done, like ever.
Why should I invest into someone who will not turn in any profit in next few generations, does not known my language, does not have any abilities/knowledge to monetize on/work with, is unwilling to get them, and commited a crime just getting to my country (as illegal border crossing is considered a felony/criminal offence where I live, also to be considered a refugee you need to go thru due security screening / admittance process, not just DEMAND it) ? Just because he came to my house and said he wants money?
So, basically, he should not / can not trust his SO on such an important element of living together/relationship ? Is that what you are saying ? Technically doable, yes. But not really a relationship anymore, imo. edit: that, and those 10-30% (studies dependent)of fathers who unknowingly support/raise children that are not theirs.
&gt; woman &gt; willing to work does not compute.
tbh, transgender MtF does not always have their dicks - medically its quite easy to make functioning female genitalia (not as easy the other way around tho)
Why its not mentioned? Because it conflicts with current feminism goals, thats all. Media engineering.
But what about a woman's innate birthright to do as she pleases?! /s :&gt;
That exactly. If his MOTHER of all people says that to you, you LISTEN. Seriously.
No matter how long has passed since they started. Red flags are red flags, especially such massive ones.
Yeah, these two classes are like two separate worlds alltogether :)
If they are not smart / hard working enough, not really my problem. My resources are for me and my family alone. Also, not US of A here, thankfully. How's your national debt going lately? :&gt;
Nope, dont have a mortgage actually - bought an apartment with 100% my money. As for people you mention - they all given something unto the society at one point, and are citizens of my country, and did not commit a crime to get into its teritory, and have a potential to grow back up again. Unlike most illegal immigrants. Those, I owe exactly nothing. edit: I do not exactly care why someone is poor - if its mine assets, its mine. Not theirs. Sorry they did not have opportunity or didnt took it, but its not my doing.
Yep.
You dont need to. Its self-cleaning, basically - I mean the inside.
You might want to consult with your doctor - hormonal pill could help, or stopping / changing the pill to another, if you are already on one.
Yeah, if you do kegels, your BF might not be lying ;)
&gt; There is no oxygen in space for fire to burn on the sun, Also, process occuring on the sun is not really burning (which is technically a chemical, exothermal/exoenergetical oxidation process). Nuclear plasma burn is not "fire" in the meaning of chemical fire.
At homes, content with "feminist justice" because female must be on top of the situation, no matter what she did :)
&gt; because why would a 38 year old want to date someone my age? Ok, as I'm a guy, i'll drop my simple 2 cents on this: Why not ? If there is attraction (and its mutual too, in your case), if that person is of legal age, if you both have the same/similar maturity level...why should he not pursue that,exactly? Because society says the age gap is too large for them? TBH, if both persons are commited to work (and this is THE important part, and the hard one too) on a relationship, then the age gap is not the bad thing, and sometimes can be even a benefit. Might be harder than a relationship with less age difference, but not impossible. Now, what /u/MsSadieDunham said, focusing strictly on sex, from his side, could be a red flag, especially if the rest of relationship goes down in frequency. Then again, my wife and me, we started as FWBs in 100% open relation...now we are at year 10 together, and 8 years married. Took much work tho, esp. that my life goals had to be put on hold for most of that time. So you should consider that, and seriously too, if you want a LTR.
&gt; How early on are you supposed to have sex? When you both really want it, go for it. In the words of a certain sith lord: search your feelings. Yours, whats good for you here, not whats "supposed to be" deemed good by society.
&gt; isn't pushing me into doing anything and generally wants me to be ready Respect - this is a good sign.
Especially about breast implants...if you do not have a VERY good reason, do not do what ammounts to a semi-major surgery. Its always invasive, its always prone to errors/problems afterwards. As is any surgery. And certainly do not do that just to please any guy. From your post below, OP: &gt; I lost the pregnancy weight, my breasts are smaller and less firm now and he says he is less attracted to me physically. For me, thats a red flag. And just pregnancy changes are, really, NOT the reason to do surgery on yourself, if you do not really want that yourself. edit: even with minor surgical procedures, if you are put out with general anestetics, its risky and potentially dangerous. You do not do that without a real, serious reason.
The slots below look like a roboport, actually. So count me in as hyped. :&gt;
aaand thats exactly why im waiting for my superfactory project, till .13 hits.
Its not the worst, belive you me :&gt;
confirming I did in fact make that mistake at first &gt;&lt;
And I'd say that wrongfull conviction is not the matter of capital punishment, but a broken legal system. Put in severe personal consequences for wrongfull conviction, perhaps? And enforce them, maybe?
Thats why its called "estimated" date ;)
&gt; I'm saying it would be smart to reward this behavior and make sure there is nothing else. Same thoughts as mine, but way better wording.
Scout outwards, find a new deposit, and connect via train ? ;)
If a female wanted that, it probably is /s :&gt;
Then women should not have a say in wheter that guy pays child support or not.
To be exact, in an enclosed, resonant cavity. So in theory, there should be no trust.
Parachute is autodeployed by a seat, actually, so no problem here. The problem is actually properly operating that seat AND living afterwards, and not getting maimed by the whole ordeal. edit: to be exact, the seat will autostabilise mid-flight, separate itself from the pilot, open the parachute, and if needed,relase and inflate a life raft for water landing.
You should be ok after some time, but dont do that repeteadly. Fun fact: this is also how temporary flash blindness works: overstimulation and photopigments in cells getting bleached out by intense light flash.
Very true.
full Bob's mods set, RSO, and Hard crafting mod. Good luck :)
I guess this would depend on pressure too, but I dont think any medical grade equipment would cause that.
Also, that. And also the fact, that in most multiseat aircraft, ejection seats are not sequenced together, but every person has to actuate them by themselves. Try to achieve proper separations with 200+ panicked people onboard. Also, kids using those ejection seats? Nope. Doesn't spell anything good.
also, formaldehyde face talk.
Developer here, confirming we also dread any friday relases. As a rule we do not do fridays, and skip to monday at least. That way, if the system goes down, we have time to rollback or patch it.
Schwerer Gustav mod would actually be a nice alternative to a ion cannon mod :)
IIRC there is a no hand crafting mod available :)
well they did have plans to expand PI, i hope this comes one day, at least a bit. For now, I mostly play the market and sell my stockpiles, especially now that citadels upped the need for PI products.
Im planning to do a realistic furnaces mod, where all advanced furnaces work with batch loads, also you need specyfic type of furnace for specyfic material, and some of them require additional material (like limestone for a blast furnace iron recipe) or use additional "fuel" (like graphite electrodes for arc furnace steel recipe, which would last for 3-4 loads), they'd also produce slag byproduct that you'd have to remove.
what about attack helicopters?
&gt; I expect she will shift with winds. even worse, as this proves that she's not trustworthy.
&gt; Why wouldn't supernova have created them and seeded them around the universe? not enough energy/time/improper "reagents" involved. Supernovae create heavier elements within split-seconds where their energy starts to rise, and fusion reactions are still occuring - so heavier elements can be fused together from lighter ones.
Its not only energy need. To create an element, you need to have proper entry element's nuclei, and use proper energy neutrons / ions to bomb those with. Its not as simple as hydrogen fusing into helium, because heavier elements tend to get unstable (radiodecaying) isotopes way more easily, and this decay (either forced by energetic neutron, or spontaneous) will prevent breeding of heavier elements.
For starters, conciousness is not "energy", but its a byproduct of brain / nervous system function and operation. Once thats gone, its gone.
It is. Same principle applies to ovaries and testicles - one might get diseased/damaged and a person can still have an offspring.
One lung is way more than enough to sustain life, albeit you will have highly reduced physical performance. Some lung cancer patients have had way more than one lung removed and still live on, for example.
Black holes do not really "go" anywhere. They are not "gates".
yeah, land loss can be easily resolved with technology. Climate change and pottable water loss will be more problematic long-term.
Food production? Oxygen/water recycling? Cooling? Power generation? Most of it i think.
NASA thought the same, then they tested the EmDrive, and said there is some thrust, and they do not yet know what exactly generates it. Might yet not be reactionless at all.
Even easier, charged particle maser / plasma beam. Would be quite destructive too, I imagine.
As long as its not a yellow snow, thats about ok.
One thing for sure, I would not shit MYSELF.
He's probably busy torturing some poor soul. Or Hitler.
Yeah, cats do show affection. The difference is, their affection is sometimes akin to an abusive, toxic GF that you cant bring yourself not to love :&gt;
But only after you feed him.
even more, "you" in you, are actually a product of said brain's function! O.o bit mind-boggling.
We are soo doomed.
Seeing as feminists deem men as being below "people" status...well...
&gt; taking a gun to a knife fight. fight is not meant to be equal. fight is meant to be won, without fail.
Naaaah, no such thing as too big bus :)
yeah, Three Mile Island was mostly contained, thanks to said containment buildings. What got out of it, was mostly vented in a controlled fashion. So cant really compare those two :) For radiation related incidents, the one which gives me chills, was the Goania incident - which, while small, shows how much damage can be done because of human stupidity / ignorance.
and you are still fucked at the end!
Actually, radiative transfer is the only way to remove heat in space, and its quite ineffective. Thats the reason why space shuttle had to fly with cargo bay doors opened - inside parts of those doors were cooling system radiators.
Because people, statistically, are ignorant idiots. And 25% of them are even worse :)
Reactor fuel is 2-3% enrichment, so nowhere near a weapon grade material. Once the fuel gets into neutron-rich environment of a nuclear reactor, and starts fissioning on a mass scale, you get all sorts of radionuclide elements bred off that uranium, which constitute major radiation hazard. For comparison, you can handle unspent fuel elements by hand, with minimum protection needed, esp. compared to the hot cell and remote manipulators needed for spent fuel elements.
In gun type design, exactly this. In little boy's case, it was a ring shaped part as a target, and a cylindrical projectile to be put inside. In implosion type design, its more tricky - there is only one piece of fuel (usualy hollowed out spherical shape, and chemical explosive "lenses" around it, facing inwards. Once chemical explosives are initiated, they create a set of shockwaves all pointing at the fissile mass, compressing it to supercritical density. At the same moment, additional neutrons are inserted into the fuel, at the moment of optimal compression, initiating/boosting the reaction.
In a way, yes, but its waaay more complicated than just that :) material purity and machining tolerances are extreme, and wrong material used for some parts of a weapon can cause a design to be invalid (i.e. not working at all) - mostly this boils down to neutron reflectivity / opacity, and how any given material behaves in plasma state. Its even more true in thermonuclear / fusion weapon, where you also have to maintain proper xrays reactivity with materials, as the secondary (fusion) stage compression / heating depends on them. edit: also, managing of radiation flow within the weapon is crucial for a thermonuclear system, to achieve proper secondary compression.
No, its not my source of income - but its one of topics that interests me :)
I always said that heels are a torture device :)
Nothing is weird and too manly to do. Screw those people that tell you so, and do that regardless. Just do not screw them technically, they are not worth it! :)
Same here exactly.
Well, if christian dogma is correct, I was made by that god to be what I am. Therefore im either able to repent in some way, or are screwed anyway.
My friends daughter is nearly 5 years old now, and was fighting metastised cancer for the last year +/- few months now. Had one remissal after first chemo session, only for it to come back afterwards. Lost one kidney and half a lung. Still fighting, with second round of high dose chemo/radiotherapy now, and stem cell autotransplants. And they are still uncertain wheter or not she will live thru it. Worst hell for a parent I could ever possibly imagine. :/
There is a 5th degree burn, which is basically body flashing (sublimating) into steam.
&gt; more stable nuclei this is not always correct. Most breeded elements, actually, are unstable radioisotopes. &gt; This releases the total mass of the system as energy To be more exact, the part of the system that actually anihilates.
Male circumcision actually does have life-altering consequences, as the foreskin is very innervated, and carries much of touch feedback from sex. Performing it on an unwilling child is still mutilation, no matter the "benefits".
Also, 1000 mph is slow if you talk about a jet fighter. Some go 2-3 times faster when traveling max speed.
Overdose is basically taking much higher dose of a drug (legal or otherwise) - either to get more powerfull effect, or as sucide method. If it was the latter, the typical thing to do is to do closed (inpatient) psych evaluation for some time, to deduct wheter or not the person will do something like that again, or not.
That would be for women I think
So, effectively, automation? :&gt;
If you want to upgrade boilers, engines, miners, etc - you can always install some of bob's mods that do exactly that :)
Isn't that kinda point of RSO? :)
36 years old here. Over 250 hours in now, about 20-30 restarts with various mods. And loving it :)
Interesting, is there any good article source on this? :) I'd love to read more on this topic.
Also, for long time settlement on another planet, gravity might be a problem, as we already do know that a fetus relies on it to an extent in order to differentiate / organize properly - so a pre-birth child development in zero g / &lt;1 g could be theoretically, problematic.
welcome to the club of being banned from /r/relationships. I got banned because I told the guy not the take the GF back - bitch cheated, got pregnant with that guys kid, and wanted back to her cuckold to raise the kid with his work/money. LOL.
If she can unilaterally terminate, he should be allowed to unilaterally force that not happening, to be single father afterwards. Its only fair, especially as a woman can do that to a man, then get alimony.
And a man reaps the consequences of forced alimony. Fair/fair.
TBH, property damage by stupidity is not really comparable to messing with a device that's there to explicitly save someone's life in an emergency.
&gt; if the woman aborts it does not force anything onto the man. If a man wants to be a father, it deprives him of it. Where is consideration for HIS needs and feelings then? Oh, right, feminism says atm: "man has no rights and feelings, only pussy owners have those", so why bother, right? Hypocrisy and sexism, level 100. edit: yep, meant child support. Poor translation from my language :P
Meant child support :P poor translation from my native language :)
So, he's left w/o a backup in an event primary one malfunctions or is empty / unreachable. You do realise it is enough, do you?
Like EU legislation that named certain snail as "land fish" just because of dotation issues :)
If women try to remove our cake, its just about fair to do the same in reverse.
then do something about those among you that do, or you will be deemed an enabler.
&gt; These are not easy situations to be in for the woman Because woman always must have it easy on expense of others /s
Its still his child there.
&gt; You are arguing for fathers' rights to an unborn child Woman has them, why should'nt he?
Fair, but also do not mislead him into thinking there is a birth control in place while there is not.
&gt; &gt; &gt; Why should women get to enjoy consequence-free sex and men can't? Does not suit feminism when men have an actual, real CHOICE.
Funding is easy. Actually getting a viable control sample of patients is the hard part. If you need to try i.e. 10 thousand people, and you get 10-20 cases of a rare cancer (for example) worldwide, in a year, and half of them are not usable as test subjects (due to legal issues or medical state, for example), it starts being a serious problem. And you cant just go in with untested drug/procedure and start using it, because you risk killing more people with it, than you actually cure.
&gt; Sometimes cancerous cells are identified by the immune system and destroyed before they can cause any harm In fact, most of the time. This, and cell apoptosis earlier, is the reason we are not constantly full of cancer.
&gt; &gt; &gt; A lot of cancers are also suspected to be caused by viruses. Some are even confirmed to have a viral cause.
With even more expensive, heavy box at the very top. Some satelites go easily into 250+ million USD, and some rockets carry more than one at once.
&gt; I don't drink, don't use drugs, and am better coordinated than average This is exactly why there is a difference between a gun-free zones (which are bad) and zero control over when someone should carry a weapon (which is even worse) - you WILL have intoxicated people in such club, period. You do NOT want them to carry a weapon while in that state, belive you me. The security guys should have access to weapons tho.
&gt; Do they just knock on the door? In short, yes. Of course, sometimes knocking is done with a stun grenade and arrest warrant, instead of polite words.
You can - and several high-profile terror attacks were performed using fertilizer-derived explosives. Basically, certain nitrogen compounds found in fertilizers have high potential chemical energy, and are easy enough to trigger, to be used as such. Also, it can be even easier - you can create an explosive / deflagration agent out of aluminium or grain dust, for example, and it will not be a weak one either.
&gt; Has anyone walked away from a good friendship One-sided friendship is not a good friendship.
&gt; I wasn't happy in this relationship but I felt the areas in which I weren't were fixable The question is, wheter he sees those problems as fixable as well? Also, being unhappy in a relationship should preclude babies (unless it was an accident).
As a guy: Its a "a-must-mention" if you want the relationship not to have issues later on, either sexual-related, or trust-related (especially if he does find out from someone else, i.e.). If you cant trust him enough to tell him that, do not get into serious LTR with him.
If my partner kept such information from me, it would be grounds for immediate divorce for me (lack of trust and lack of disclosure of a serious issue)
&gt; she seems very dependant on YOUR attention. until she happens upon a guy that will give her more attention in any given moment.
Its definetly you who has to relax. If he does not treat you with respect, find one that does, lest you will hurt yourself in the long run.
What /u/cyranothe2nd says. Dont let him sweep the floor with you. Its not the way relationships are supposed to work.
I'd say: yes, you were insensitive - you basically tried to push him into a friendzone mode. Do not do that to next person you meet.
No such thing as better treatment for POWs, unfortunately that is correct.
&gt; &gt; &gt; As it is, there are cases like WW2, where women took care of supplies, construction, and generally cared for the homefront (albeit in their own non-combative way.) Not to mention, logistics can make or break the war effort.
gets better than that. We had a feminist in my country stating, basically, that while she wants to be in the military, she will not carry a weapon because its scary. WTF?
Thats theory. Any example verdicts to show that its put in practice ?
but its a woman thats a perpetrator. Its all good for feminism.
&gt; Why the segregation? Why the sexism? because its profitable for a feminist to do so.
No. They are not together anymore, but she still holds some emotions / feelings towards him that she wants and needs to process before moving into a new relation with someone else.
He's either a dick and looking for a way out of relationship, or an idiot. In both situations, kick him in the balls, run to the hills, then find a guy that is not a dick and/or idiot.
In short: it is physically impossible to travel at 1 c. With two exceptions: 1) you have zero rest mass (so are technically, a photon), or 2) you have an 100% efficient, infinitely powerful engine to accelerate yourself with. With "infinitely powerful" being essential, because you'd have to put effectively infinite energy into any particle that has mass to achieve exactly 1 c - which is, by logic alone, impossible. Also, you'd have a bit of a problem with the fact, that at 1 c, time effectively stops for the particle being accelerated (i.e., photon traveling at 1 c, does not experience "time" - from its point of view, it is created and absorbed at the same instant) - so not only you will wait for a long time for acceleration to actually happen, but you would have wait an infinite amount of time to actually "fully" reach 1 c with a particle that has mass.
Also, one needs to take into account other means of material becoming radioactive - like neutron activation, i.e. conversion of atom into an unstable radioisotope, by absorbing an energetic neutron into the nucleus.
copy &amp; paste? :)
And, for comparison, 1 femtometer, is 1x10^-5 of Angstrom. iirc.
If a woman can force (technically) literally everything on a man, don't you think it should go both ways? Its only fair. Until that is not valid, im staying with mine option. And yeah, i'm not a benevolent person, and also I always try for malice before anything else, just in case. And act accordingly. Works wonders, you know? :)
Or just try to force men to work instead. Because women lives matter, lol.
There's no such thing as fair fight anyway. Fair fight means lost fight.
Yeah, true. But the only difference is, you hit that one right in the belly. She's either in pain afterwards, or in pain and in distress, which will enable better fight chances.
&gt; charged for lawfully defending yourself tbh this mostly happens when one oversteps the selfdefence boundary, and into attacking a now-former opponent (i.e. one that starts to run away, is frequently not seen (by a codex law) as a threat that you can lawfully engage - as you are not technically defending yourself at this point anymore). And its very hard to keep your cool in a real fight situation.
touche! :)
&gt; Male circumcision has health benefits this is a lie, actually.
Most western jurisdictions overrule such contracts anyway, if shit hits the fan.
Noone in their sane mind fights on equal footing. You fight to win, not to give chances to opponent.
&gt; We'll spend $1 trillion on a fighter jet which does far less for promoting global security than eliminating malaria would Thats because a fighter jet is not supposed to do anything for global security. Its supposed to work for security of its owner, not the needs of an enemy / diplomatic tool.
At this time there is no scientific / economic benefit of sending a manned mission to the moon - everything a human could do there, is achievable without sending one there (which is inherently expensive and dangerous, too).
The fusion reactor problem right now is not fuel anyway. Its "how to get more useful energy thats easy to convert to electric energy out of the reaction, than the electric energy you put in to achieve, contain, and sustain the reaction in the first place, then how to do that full-time" problem. But, I also can easily see SpaceX going beyond where anyone went. They certainly got what it takes.
Poverty can also be politically useful. Again, you miss the point. International relations and diplomacy are not for friends, as there are no friends on that level, and only good is your own. If it means wiping out another nation, but if you can get away with it, and its profitable to do so - it is good, period. Only profits matter, not some "human rights" or anything - this is just a tool to politics, and diplomacy's task is to give all that a nice face.
Woman shaved clean down there looks...wrong. I want a grown-up, developed woman, not a woman that looks like pre-pubescent child.
Once a guy gets ditched by woman once or twice, because of not having making them orgasm every time, we kinda tend to try and achieve it. You know, for our own good :P edit: and he mostly will get told its his fault too. So, thank your own gender, girl ;)
&gt; Maybe they're reading too many men's magazines In my experience as a guy, i'ts more because women tend to demand it, more or less, or throw that in our face when they deem its good for them to do so.
&gt; If you really don't understand where the stigma comes from, you must be kidding. Or just a feminist.
True, im not entitled to sex in relationship. You, on the other hand, are not entitled to me not leaving when I find a woman that actually cares for my intimate needs.
And I feel, that feminists these days, are actually doing more fuckups than actual good things. Once they start with purging extremist speech out of their own midst, we can talk again.
Funny. According to latest feminists line of thought, whole world is oppressed by big bad rapist males.
That. They are especially oppressed if they cant get away with literally everything, because vagina.
Current feminism is an idea that a vagina user is a god to be worshiped and allowed all she wants, while male is a rapist. In short.
Nah. I do it because, until feminists purge their extremists out of their midst, i deem them as guilty as those extremists, by being an enabler. Safest thing to do, no offence.
By female-only job opportunity quotas, of course only in those fields females deem nice for them, and giving out nice money/power.
thats because "dont judge me for my looks" and "lookatmelookatmelookatme!!!1111oneoneone" clashes...a bit ;)
Then do something about it, perhaps?
Also, it goes from bad to worse the faster you go. If you google project Pluto - it was supposed to be a hypersonic nuclear cruise missile. One of project ideas was flying at &lt;30 m altitude with hypersonic speed (mach 6+? iirc) - and not only polluting the ground with radiation (due to nuclear reactor powered ramjet engine) but destroying property / killing people with hypersonic shockwave trail. All that while throwing nuclear warheads around, too.
Also, an RTG enables the probe to not rely on sunlight (for solar panels) - which is great if you need to go towards outer solar system / deep space where sunlight is limited.
Yeah, thats could look...interesting. Not that I'd like to be there to see that :)
Im getting a Yamaha MT-07 soon. Nimble little 700cc, looks hot too ^^
&gt; flying piece of severed blade is dangerous to everyone So very true. And you dont even need to sever the blade - I've seen replica swords that had blades mounted to the hilt with a single bolt and nut. Once you swung that too hard, the blade tended to come off like a catapult projectile...
&gt; She's a really nice, honest person So, she is cheating, or she is honest? Those two kinda... preclude each other.
&gt; Things I've thought of: I dont really think that his cheating is THE biggest problem in your relationship.
You know, there are women who do not do that. Maybe you should consider finding one :)
Unless he's somewhere where age of consent is 15, like most of EU. Just saying.
But of course not. Feminist do not want you not to be athletic, tall, and sexual. They want you to be athletic, tall, and sexual when it suits them.
Ok, guy here. So, was is a poly relationship, or a FWB relationship? You say that &gt; I don't have romantic feelings for him and &gt; I did want children. What's his side of the story / relationship? If a guy is on only FWB level with you, him wanting children with you is, honestly speaking, extremally unlikely. Especially if he knows you have no romantic connection towards him. It looks like you two are/were not exactly on the same page.
Stars, pocket dimensions, traversable wormholes, and more, I'd even say.
Or just rape definition will go back to penis invading vagina. Problem solved.
Its not an option for just that person, its also about sending the message to the society - "do NOT do what he did, or you'l pay". Leniency is overrated, as is any "criminal rehabilitation" in jail.
And if a boy does not consent, he consents anyway, he just didnt know that? /s
bond was age-inapropriate? When? Oo thats a new one. He was a true dick to some women in movies, tho. But age-inapropriate? Cant recall that tbh
How to handle? Document everything, get witnesses, contact HR ASAP, before shit turns into fake rape claim, just because it can.
and as such, the whole society will be fully, internally, eternally, offended on each other.
If you get even closer, its actually just sudden nothing - your brain would turn into steam before it realised what's happening.
at least, while giving birth, you can mostly opt-in for local anestetics ;)
1) choose a proper warlord to fight / work for. 2) profit
break the deal, face the wheel!
for most women, giving anything at all is a chore, in sex or otherwise.
complete with teeth ?
so, like communism-style bonus points for being of "proper worker background" ? No thank you very much. You want to be a CEO ? Work for it. Cant/will not work for it? Bye bye being a CEO. The affirmative action is only a power grab plot. No, that will not make me hire more women if they can't provide proof that they can actually get stuff done properly, just because they are female. Also, I prefer not having to look for a new employee each time one gets pregnant and dissapears for 3+ years, while having to still pay her wage.
I'd leave the date. Question reeks of a feminist looking for her proper cuck, and im just not into that kind of treatment.
&gt; Most feminists arent crazy cunts, but the ones who are really ruined it for me. Same here. Now I blanked avoid those persons. Just in case.
IF the quiet ones do not do anything about loud ones, they are guilty the same, as enablers. Also, its better to blanked avoid, then potentially have problems.
&gt; but im an equal humanist feminis not a feminist then. Feminism = female superiority movement, nothing else.
Really? So how many criminals get rehabilitated ? Last I check, that was not really ahigh number. Life-time isolation of a criminal, or capital punishment is better for society. We dont want that one, he already had his chance and blew it by commiting a crime.
I'd say pro EU funds, and against anything else EU.
"The massacre is an enduring symbol for Poland of its suffering at Soviet hands, and president Lech Kaczyński had been flying in to commemorate it." Not true. Its only a symbol of colossal debilism of the people that organised the flight - coincidently that was the now-dead president.
&gt; From what I've heard, they're very religious and conservative Most of us are actually normal people.
15+ is technically legal where I live. So im good. Fortunately.
STD is an STD. Not everyone wants to have health problems, thank you very much. For me, its a 100% deal breaker. I expect my partner to be clean.
Where I live, contactless / chip takes ~2 seconds to complete. Yeah, US of A has been long behind the rest of the world in some cases.
&gt; The difficulty of making fusion reactions useful for civilian purposes comes from the fact that they require these high temperatures to get started That, and also getting usable energy ouf of the system that is actually, very isolated (i.e. heat is contained by vacuum chamber / walls of the reactor, and most particles by magnetic confinement, which you need in order to prevent already tenuous plasma from dissipating), and getting more of that energy that you put into sustaining the reaction, is no small feat. As for weapons: in the classic two/three stage design, temperature/radiation pressure (to be exact, xrays pressure from the primary. Not to be mistaken with physical pressure/shockwave of the detonation itself - at this point of detonation process the shock front is not yet formed, and in fact the detonation itself did not yet even extended outside of bomb casing) from the nuclear primary is used to compress / initiate thermonuclear burn in the secondary stage's fuel. Third stage is actually "pusher" / "tamper" layer (which actually does the compression of thermonuclear fuel, by external ablation pressure (in short, as this process is quite complicated)) of secondary stage, usually made of U238, which fissions easily when bombarded by second stage's eneergetic neutrons, thus providing even more energy output and more yield. In some designs (i.e. russian Tsar Bomba, 50 MT test version of the 100 MT design) U238 in that tamper was switched to lead (sometimes, boron is also used in this role), which is not fissile - that alone has limited the yield by half.
Yeah, this works the same here. Also you can mostly change that limit with your bank.
Its only "relatively lower", but still way above the energy of a visible light LED.
Its not even that. Its the fact, that if one is pressed hard, and fighting for their life, and is loosing, that person will often try anything and everything to win against the odds, if only because he has nothing to loose any more.
Well, this depends on a bullet in question. Most long range tactical artillery nowadays use base bleed projectile (which, technically, is a smallilsh rocket engine mounted in the base of the projectile, designed to boost range)
iirc, you can use not destroyed power poles (the first ones, wooden) as fuel :)
LOL my first thought exactly. ...are we addicted? XD
Subcalibre / HEAT munitions tend not to leave large holes after hits.
Its not just productivity. Its the fact, that if you have commited in your contract to being there i.e. 8 hrs daily, then you are to be there 8 hrs daily. As an employer, I dont really care that your kid has a play at school or your hubby does not step up. You have commited to do specified stuff for specified amount of money. If you do less, you'll be paid less, period.
Single women play men routinely, so its only fair to play them in return.
Suit might be held, but his body is not. Unless you are talking about negating inertia itself, which is physically not possible afaik.
In the name of megabase which is not to be named!
So...do you know him, or just his online persona ?
And then, be a cuck once she meets someone rich? :) Been there, saw that. Protip: be careful with women more rich than you are.
You mean your now-ex-bf, right? :)
Ok, as a guy that went thru some extreme feminist BS: Yes, this is extremism. But that extremism is mostly not taken care of within feminist community. And in fact, is often, even encouraged. Because of that, one of main reasons of guys going MGTOW way, is a massive loss of trust towards women in general - "just in case" they get hit again with the results of all that. edit: and in i.e. US (but here in poland too, unfortunately), those results are often life-changing / socially debiliating for the man, with little to no consequence for woman doing the deed. I mostly recovered that trust thanks to my now-wife, but many of us guys simply stop even trying, with loss to both sides of this conflict.
Again, as a guy. &gt; Period blood and nudity doesn't infringe upon your rights or threaten your way of life. Period blood does not. However, accepting female-vs-male DV, or deeming false rape accusations consequences for men as "acceptable collateral damage" (sic! as stated by feminist ex-friend of mine), accepting lying about use/non-use of birth control by a woman - those happen a LOT, and are extermally destructive.
&gt; it's not a bad way to manipulate others except, manipulating others is a red flag the size of mother russia ;)
Again, as a guy (and semi-pro photographer) I've got a feeling that "they could be men" is not the only thing that women are told to belive and try to pursuit. Once you see how much CGI and photomanipulation is involved in commercial photoshots, you really stop seeing those commercial as much more than lies. Yet, women are literally (!) bombarded with commercial, idealised "women"....things (edit: i say "things" because, sometimes, so much is changed that there is not a pixel of original person on that photo anymore. Like, down to body dimensions / proportions that are literally not achievable in real life, again, without massive surgical intervention), and are told they should look that way. Which is, often, physically and medically impossible, without massive surgical intervention. No, the skin will not be pixel perfect all the time, no matter what makeup you use. No, not everyone has THE perfect body dimensions down to a centimeter. No, not everyone is "perfect" in any way. I'd even say that noone is perfect in any way, even if very limited one. Yet women, being bombarded by all that, from every direction / in every way possible, start to belive all that BS, and loose themselves in pursuit of all that. Just my 2c.
Also, prompt emission from a nuclear weapon detonation is also composed by any fast / energetic neutrons that escaped the core during chain reaction.
In short: gravity is not only dependant on overall mass, but also on density of the body. A star has a limited density, but black hole's central singularity (THE ...thing that actually creates gravitational pull, which is different than observable event horizon) has, basically, infinite density, thus, in its certain sphere of influence (Schwarzschild's radius, an observable event horizon) escape velocity / energy needed, is infinite.
Its not only "escape velocity" - technically, not only space is bent but also time. Within event horizon, there is no path in time (i.e. future for any given particle) that does not end within singularity.
&gt; tangible surface or any tangible object for that matter, most probably. It is as likely that a singularity is just a stable, extremally warped spacetime metric. No chance of checking that (save for theoretically, a "naked" singularity, i.e. one w/o an event horizon - tho this one is only mathematically possible with some outcomes of equations, in certain theories, iirc).
&gt; Wouldn't the "shape" of the gravitational field overall have to be different to accommodate the event horizon The gravitational field does not come from the event horizon. It comes out of point-sized (i.e. zero size), infinetly-dense singularity behind it. The event horizon is just an area shrouded from our observation by speed of light limit (in very very short explanation)
&gt; does not really affect a computer's performance Actually it does. It can be limiting factor if i.e fast RAM chip is able to interface with it, but cannot communicate with CPU at 100% of its capability due to MOBO being not fast enough.
&gt; To be fair, much of the female models are gross To be fair, most of female models you see in any professional photoshot, do not have much of the original human being in the photo anymore. 90% of what you see in end-product, is CGI. Now, the rest of the post, sounds like a troll, tbh.
Plasma, techically, is a ionised gas. I.e. consisting of free electrons and bare atomic nuclei.
&gt; Homeopathy is unambiguously useless To be more blunt - homeopathy is a scam.
MJ is not a cancer cure. It can alleviate SOME side effects, in SOME cancer types/levels (which is proven) but it has no effect in curing underlying cause of cancers (which is cellular nuclei-level genetic damage causing cells to work inproperly AND not undergo apoptosis AND selfishly propagate / divide at the expense of the body). I say "cancers" in plural, because there is no "cancer" disease per se - there are several tens of recognized cancer types, with each one requiring multiple types of treatment, situation dependant.
Yeah, more of her to play give pleasure with :)
its minor from your perspective, but might not be minor from theirs.
everything that is true in some way, can be proven. Unless its religion related, but I deem religions a lie by definition.
&gt; Bro, not everyone with a career has poor work life balance. True, but its way easier to just weed out everyone not meeting my criteria, and not waste my time, than to look for an unicorn.
or looking for someone that will take over daddy side of parenting, instead of finding the real daddy. In any case, its best to avoid them, if a guy does not want to be on a hook for child support for a kid that is not even his to begin with.
Easy: look for younger ones. Especially if you want kids of your own.
Bs. If they underperform, its their fault alone.
Yep, men are expected to do with subpar partners (compared to their standards) nowadays. Its like those oh-so-empowered, not needing men, women, cant do on their own. Or something.
Or a boxer. First he will love them to death, then they will drown in his salivia.
&gt; even if there is multiple nuke dropping on it actually, most shelters are unable to withstand direct hits (even heavy ones, like NORADs Cheyenne mountain complex, are certified for a detonation within a certain distance - if you deliver the warhead closer than certified range (or just use a more powerful one), literally no shelter will help those inside - provided that distance is small enough or yield high enough), mostly due to seismic / cratering effects (especially if ground-level / underground detonation is used). Also, its way easier to soft kill a shelter w/o need to actually collapse / obliterate it. Collapsing known exits and/or air intakes is enough to pretty much guarantee that noone will exit it in any realistic scenario of nuclear exchange - as there will be either noone to dig them out before they suffocate/starve, or the help will not come in time (and current warheads are VERY precise, even strategic ones - so several low yield detonations at ground level will be all it takes tbh). As for "neutron" bombs (in reality, better name is an enhanced radiation warhead), it would depend on how far it hits from people - &gt;8000 rads of fast neutrons dose will (statistically) kill a person within seconds to minutes of exposure, by direct nervous system interference/damage. As those warheads were designed to both have very high radiation output (by isotope tailoring) and to minimise other effects (i.e. blast and thermal damage area), the amount of personel that is lethally irradiated would be high (provided you blanket the area with warheads, to provide coverage of high radiation zones). While they do not explicitly "save property" (as blast/heat damage is still high), they do have a limited effect compared to regular nuclear warhead.
umm, do you have any source on that? Im only aware of lead containers (since uranium is quite tightly controlled element, even as depleted isotope)
Yeah, income is nice, but in the end its only money. And having a woman making more money than you, statistically, often ends with her finding a guy that earns more/same as her and changing branches ;) Female loyalty mostly lies where money and assets are. This, plus the fact that - in event of marriage - divorce means man mostly loosing his assets AND access to children - makes this even less desirable. Facts and statistics &gt; feelings, nowadays.
Hey, OP, do not feel bad about them, they are really looking good. And really, symmetrical breasts are mostly either in a padded bra, after surgical correction, or after extensive photoshop postprocessing...and most of them never look as good as real ones, even if slightly unperfect. You have exactly nothing there to feel bad or be ashamed about :)
Body image can be harsh on you, but I hope this post will help you with that :) As for being saggy...yep, strike that one out, cause they are anything but that.
someone was looking for an excuse, and baby provided one :)
Walked in on her fucking someone else. Nope.
actually, they are not really recognizable as surgically created, most of the time. At least, for male to female gender switch.
"meh, whatever" - noone is going to remember me after few years anyway so whats the difference?
Getting a perfect sunset / sunrise photoshoot.
Depending on yield. If its a very very small yield (like a subkiloton Davy Crockett), a ground burst would limit its effectiveness. Stadium would still be obliterated, but line of sight would limit thermal effects, while blast is in itself quite small. Fallout would be local, due to low yield. If its a standard scale weapon (i.e. tens to hundreds of kilotons, like a strategic warheat (usually ~250-500 kilotons nowadays)) a high airburst (as in, several kilometers up, and above) will limit the fallout (which is mostly created from particulate matter sucked in / thrown into the air by the explosion). Thermal effects and blast would not be limited in this scenario by any construction you could imagine, and fallout plume off a ground/underground detonation of such weapon can easily span a continent. If its some sort of a monster weapon (i.e. the 50 megaton Tsar Bomba, or a city killing USSR's SS26 Satan ICBM (of which one configuration was a single 20 megaton warhead)) - the stadium, and anything within 40-50 kilometers, can be considered dead/obliterated and inaccesible (range and shape of area dependent on detonation altitude and wind speed/direction) for safe entry, for next several weeks to months. In all scenarios, the stadium would cease to exist, together with anything within 500 or so meters. Generally, "muffling" that explosion is not possible with any known construction material - the forces / temperatures involved are way to high. You can only limit large-scale effects somewhat.
to shift a geological formation in any meaningful way, you want to go into gigatons range.
yeah, but megaton to megaton, one has to remember its a yield equivalent, and it does not exactly translate to sheer physical (kinetic) force. Most energy relase of a nuclear weapon is in one or another radiation form (i.e. photons with different energies/frequencies) - kinetic blast is, technically, only a side effect of that. edit: for comparison sake: 20 MT weapon can maybe! break windows at 35-40 kilometers, but will still deliver prompt, lethal 3rd degree burns at that range, to any part of your body that has line of sight to the primary fireball, the moment it detonates.
Yeah, we humans do not really have explosive means as powerfull as it would take to do that. You could always go industrial route tho - some sort of advanced, hyperscale geothermal project in Yellowstone weakening the crust in a way that opens just enough outlet for the system to destabilise, perhaps? I.e. opening a lava outlet in form of a crack or something. Not as sudden and bright explosive, no idea if it would be super-plausible, but...an idea anyway :)
//whoever wrote that, will be fired as soon as I find out who it was (c) former company boss, before times of git/svn, over a quite fucked-up and convoluted part of PHP code. //do not touch this. I've got no idea what this shit does anymore. over a 200 lines worth of SQL query, complete with multiple databases and triggers. Yep, we didnt have access to said triggers anymore. Yep, they were crucial to internal workings of the system. No, we had no idea what exactly they were doing. edit: //following lines are cancer generators. sorry. with tons of shitty JS under that.
it least you knew then and there, that the epidural was indeed, working as intended! :)
not if the only place that has username/password to said DB stored is out of your access :)
Well, how to say that...Tzar Bomba's primary fireball (primary, being THE explosion itself, not the mushroom cloud that envelops it) was about 8 kilometers across. Anything within that radius, and up to 1-2 kilometers from it, technically ceased to exist (for the record, first several miliseconds of primary fireball's formation, its temperature is within tens of millions celsius, then rapidly cools down to hundreds of thousands degrees celsius later on - but those several miliseconds are way more than enough to obliterate anything engulfed by the fireball) edit: you can find more statistics on Tsar Bomba on the wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsar_Bomba. Another good scale measure is, that the mushroom cloud was 64 kilometers high at its peak - thats more than halfway thru the earths atmosphere (as technically, space is considered to start from 100 km up), and 6 times higher than where passenger jet aircraft usually fly. Nope, movies and computer games dont really give a proper sense of scale, nor of energies involved in detonation of a large yield nuclear weapon :) You can easily compare it side to side with a heart of a small star being lit for those several tens of microseconds, which is how long it takes to complete thermonuclear fuel burn.
even if it does make missiles obsolete, here come the modern torpedoes, with 50+ kilometers range, potentially supercavitation enabled (so, posessing very high speed), potentially armed with a small nuclear warhead. And lasers do not fare well in water. Also, large, heavy hull will not be very maneuverable in water - physics will cause trouble, even with a potent powerplant. I.e. material strength, friction, possibly crew reaction to turns if they are positioned at far front/back, away from center of rotation.
Also, iirc, some soviet antishipping missiles (Granit included?) are known to be frontally armored, to mitigate phalanx-style last chance systems.
&gt; If the reactor's containment vessel sustains damage, the battleship is dead, just as dead as if it had suffered a magazine detonation. And, with even worse side effects to everyone in general area.
So something like russian Kashtan CIWS (30mm), or AK-630 ?
Or just strike them while still in port. Even better, try and sink them at the port entry chokepoint, the wreck will be a glorious barrier for any sea traffic there, until taken care of.
a wall of flack is useless against a missile that is armored to the point that it can withstand a Phalanx CIWSs 20mm rounds impacting it. And way too pricey for taking down drones - lasers going to take care of that way better.
Yep. That something is deploying a nonsense ship in the first place.
I agree. So why wont we just get mandatory child support out ?
but we do already know that. A person starts existence when his/hers nervous system develops. This is called biology and science. "Morality" is just your opinion, and looks like its not influenced by reality and truth (science), but religion (lies)
while you are mostly correct, you should also add a genetic gender, and take into account that genetic chimerism does exists.
&gt; The fact that most higher-level business positions are dominated by men is a good one To be in higher level business positions, you usually must be available all day, every day. Seeing as women like to take i.e. maternity leaves, this is less preferable for the company. You also MUST be highly competetively minded, and statistically, women are mostly not competetive, but cooperative. Also, taking risks, and more.
&gt; I am not saying femenism is bad, I just say there's a specific group that makes it look bad If feminism (that can and does do much if it suits its wants, so is clearly ABLE) does not purge itself, its guilty of being an enabler and consort to an extremism. Why should I not deem them equal ?
if they are not activelly opposed, feminism is guilty be being an enabler. You have to understand, that trust men had, have been lost. In some cases, its not reversible.
if taxpayers can be forced to pay for feminist agendas, they can pay for fathers agendas as well. Alternativelly - my wallet, my castle.
what about cheating spouse/wife, or woman lying about birth control ? Those do happen too, you know. If women are entitled to 100% safety, why cant men have the same ? Right. Because feminism cant have that ;) cant have too much equality, as one said.
a womans choice in which I have no say, is my mistake? Interesting. Or, are you saying that I should basically never trust a partner ?
Both brain function and your personality rely on physical connections of cells in your brain (i.e. in what way cells are connected). Cell death causes them to irreversibly self-destruct, precluding any restarts. Thats also the reason why people with physical damage to parts of the brain, might have their personalities changed (sometimes to the extreme, like a calm person being extremally violent after the damage was done) - connections were changed/severed.
Adulting. Definetly adulting.
Yep, you would want a proper contamination suit to eliminate any possibility of beta burns, and shielding your eyes/mouth/nose against dust/particulate matter in the air would be a good idea (as alpha radiation can get in thru eyes/mucous membranes, quite easily).
Well, 60s were strange times, when both sides tried things like nuking incoming nukes, nuclear air to air unguided rockets, and building nuclear squad-carried recoiless rifles (M388 Davy Crockett, with 20 ton yield).
Also, the Goania Incident: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goi%C3%A2nia_accident where radiotherapy source was scavenged and broken into, resulting in several fatalities from exposure.
then you were being sexist three times. how does that feel?
they are, even if you dont like that fact.
Its only greener because feminism ignores facts if they do not suit the dogma. Then again, what to expect? If you throw enough money on a problem, it will remain and actually grow.
&gt; Most women have jobs now, and are expected to have jobs (...and the rest cut) Oh my, its so bad to be expected to work and pay for yourself, right ? Wake up, princess, noone is going to pay for you anymore. Equality goes both ways, and now you get the same expectations as men. Toughen up. ;) Even if it would be feasible to live single income, pay for your stuff yourself. &gt; I'd just love to see my parents' faces if I told them I'm going to quit my job and stay unemployed married to a rich man for the rest of my life... Why should a man even marry such woman? edit: &gt;Because being pregnant, giving birth and raising children is not hard work? Since when you do much activelly to BE pregnant, when your body does that work by itself? Doing some things is harder, you get some side effects, and thats about it. Its not work. Working is work. Raising your children is your obligation once you have them - you consented to that yourself so yep, it IS expected of you. Just as your employeer EXPECTS everyone contracted to do their job properly, you included. Cant have a career and be a primary caregiver? Maybe father should take over then if you cant do that - many single men do it and do cope (even without extensive - or any! - help from the government!)
&gt; "I wish my boyfriend could be more x" or, even better, they get boyfriend to change for them, then dump them because he changed :)
Had a "friend" whose position was basically "erection means consent, so anything goes, besides I have my needs!" (straight citation). Not friends with that one anymore.
actually, for talking, its best to have more than one person too :)
&gt; What would you do now? If im not 100% certain, i'd leave and not support her kid. Sorry, we men have a right to be certain too, and current system does not provide us this right.
actually, she did, both to me (direct employeer), and HR. Nope, did not extend her contract. Yep, she was surprised why. Some will never learn.
Full scale nuclear conflict will probably never happen, if only because, in todays interconnected world, its way easier (and more profitable) to just buy out your potential opponent than blow him up with nukes (and getting blown up in the process yourself). A terrorist organisation (Esp. extremist / fanatic one) could technically perform a nuclear attack, but I doubt they would be able to use more than one bomb before everyone and their dog wiping them from existence. This would consolidate the world against them even more than 9/11 and other high profile terror attacks did. AIs ? They are just another tool. Overpopulation and global warming are the most problematic, as food, water, and living space shortage could spark conflicts. Also, MRSA and similar super-resistant bacteria can become very problematic (and again, world is interconnected today, which means such bug can potentially spread very fast before its taken care of)
Loves you dearly and still cheats? Either lying (red flag) or has problems (red flag).
Sorry to tell you, not everyone is so naive as to forgive something like that. Its not about black/white. Its about a cheater facing consequences for his/her actions.
Quite a bit, but I was happy before that. If you are not happy alone, you will not be fully happy in a relationship, and that relationship will have a chance to become toxic.
Avoid. No idea who she is, no idea of her background, no idea of her medical history...shit waiting to hit the fan, in other words.
Dump him. Like asap.
communism actually had a few noble and nice ideas, but well...it went to hell just because people being dicks.
If the particle/photon path gets it too close to the event horizon, yes, it will be sucked in. Otherwise, normal orbital movement rules still apply, and surrounding space will have high radiation levels due to accretion disc. Also, blackbody radiation off of it could be an issue (but I might be wrong on this one)
Women get rape fantasies too, you do realise that do you? Do their fantasies reflect real life desires? Thought so. Stop your misandry.
Exactly - "his" child. Not her child that he was told was his. This is THE BIG difference for many men. For me, personally, this would be a dealbreaker and I would not waste my money (that I could in the future spend on a kid that is really mine) on some other guys kid. Didnt sign up for this.
I'd not accept duch deal. Im not into living on others expense.
Zero chance. Not into caring/paying for someones elses kids. I want my own, only.
Yep. Unshielded chain reactions are rather deadly.
You do not understand. It boils down to is men not wanting to be your choice because you changed your mind. You could do that again down the line.
owners? or puppies? o.O
as they say, whats good for the goose... - in other words, cull your feminist extremism, or you'll get extreme masculinism before long. Its your job to work for BOTH sides, too. And we men, are a bit sick of "compromising" (LOL) or "sacrificing" (double LOL) anything, anymore.
Yep, women do not demand anymore, they just push laws thru :&gt;
Playing hard to get is manipulation, for those exact reasons. She's putting herself over anything else, here. Its a red flag.
And fittingly so, as you are not worth anything else, than being played with.
just not stitches!
Same here. Tho this is proving harder and harder each year tbh.
Remember, half of people on this planet are women. And feelings are only feelings.
some of new bowls are also small. Particularily small, circular ones suck big time. Like, a female-sitter-only ones. Sit on one and have a feeling that even a micropenis would be too long not to touch anything.
Most probably because I did not have a choice not to. Shit happens, in other words, lol.
if you'd do that to me, i'd laugh first, and shoot you second :)
Casper - the teen years?
Its a male genital mutilation. Shame that feminism only fights this problem for females, while preaching it good for men.
Being responsible is also not being misleading and deceptive. Pregnancy by Deception should be classed as rape and financial scam in one, and punished accordingly.
Why should mans feelings be compromised by having a kid out there that he did not consent to having? Its the same as forcing woman to carry a rape child to term. She can put it to adoption, after all, why abort? See the point now? This also must be equalised.
Only woman knows for sure, men must trust her. Unfortunately.
Yep, but its a matter of trust in a relationship. If you cant trust, why bother with a relationship at all? Yet rights must be protected, relationship or not. edit: as for pharmacy side (wifey is one) - the problem is, that each male BC pill was either ineffective, unreliable, or caused several permanent sterility in clinical tests, all of them were scrapped. Not as easy as it seems.
clipping your nails does not remove sensation in your fingers. Foreskin is VERY sensitive. Its not really fair to remove a large part of someones sexual sensation for religious reasons, without their consent, dont you think ? Dont compare things that do not compare at all. Then again, its just a MALE child, so its not important :P after all, only women have right to have their body intact. /s
on the plus side, she really loved sex. on the negative, she did not care who with.
What about women that "change their mind later" aka lie about the subject?
"accidental"
A smart mam, for securing his interest and needs and wants, all at the same time.
you wish. for me, my rights trump yours. Money rules the world. You want your kid unilaterally? Pay for it yourself, dont force the unwilling person into it. Its financial rape, prolonged to tens of years. Its not his child if he didnt consent to having it, no matter what you would like.
Everybody I walk by on the street? Its another gray face in a gray crowd. Mr or Mrs nobody.
Noone is entitled to anything if its not earned.
Yeah, the double flash is a tell-tale sign of a low altitude detonation (i.e. where the air is thick enough to create the secondary fireball layer by ionisation). The secondary layer, basically, is created some time after detonation, and while still very hot, is technically opaque to visual range of light, thus acting as a shutter. Once it cools enough, it stops being incadescent, and primary fireball (that is still very luminous and way hotter) starts to shine thru - thus causing a second peak.
IR and visible light are both electromagnetic radiation / photons. The only thing different is the wavelength. Same with UV and thermal - its all technically, a different wavelength of light.
For women yeah, its definetly a benefit. Men on the other side, can loose a lot opening up to women.
If she is negativelly affecting the relationship, its her fault, not his. You have feels and lives, true. And so do men. And women also have obligations towards her SO, why did you forget that part?
So do men, but, surprise - if we can keep them from damaging the relationship, so can you. Sacrificing anything for a woman died with modern feminism.
Except we do not permban women for not agreeing like those subs.
You and your 3 friends are not really a valud statistical sample. Want a relationship? Work for it, instead of expecting us to do it all instead. If it suits us, we might answer. If it doesnt, youll get hurt. Just like us men do. Welcome to equality in practice.
Its not a matter of enjoyment. We dimply dont trust you. You are not entitled to be trusted, no matter what you said.
You dont...or so you say. The problem is, that statistically, actions do not match words where women are concerned. Why should you be trusted, then?
If they dont trust us, why should we trust them, to our deteriment no less?
Lol. Dont tell what to like and what men issues are. Take what WE men deem as issues, and solve them. Idgaf about female issues veiled ad my issues.
Tbh, if its known and talked over before, its, technically, not cheating anymore, by sheer definition of the word ;)
This is not a defence in any way. She must be 100% accountable.
Never trudt if you can verify. Works wonders against female word.
Sex is not the problem. Potential lie, her agenda, and accountability is the problem.
Ithe problem is accountability and a high potential of him being the best worst choice and her means to an end.
Statistically, not trusworthy. Especially if she has an interest and gain in not stating the truth. Sorry, just personal experience. Better safe than sorry.
Also, a wrong fit on an ejection seat could kill you easily.
But she gets to keep her pussy tight! Thats a bargain lol
Could not cut it as a feminist, so looking at another branch to swing from.
we didnt start that schism, as you call it. And being good to ones that made you their enemy, is very overrated. Use, abuse, then loose.
His word still resonates with me as more trustworthy. Then again, I always found other men in my life more trustworthy, maybe im biased.
sorry, not a native speaker :P
Tbh its easier to assume. Bad for you of course, but then again I prefer safety of my assets over your feelings, any day.
Yeah, shows that she is starting to bend the rules. Hes not the daddy, dont push him into something he did not consent to, OP. You have no right to do so, and if it costs you a relationship, dont blame him.
She has zero right do do so, tho. He obviously does not consent to that.
It implies that tho. Its enough. If you'd do that to me, that would be the last day you'd see me. Not my kid, not my business, keep it out of our relationship.
Its just a woman. Take care of your needs first.
Your bf is sketchy as fuck. You should really reconsider staying with him vs leaving. No, being THAT close to an ex is not normal. No, 10 day trip with an ex is also not normal. She's an ex, she should be 100% out of his life by now. Him going out w/o even inviting you? Red flag the size of commie matushka rassija. Then again, I might be biased. Im a guy tho and you do not do those things to a girl you are in relationship with.
Ots an effective measure, tho. Crude, yes. But effective.
My thoughts exactly.
In other words, girls just like to use their prospwctive partners as means to an end. Surprisingly enough, most guys dont like to be used. Strange, isnt it? Oh, wait. You are female. That explains a lot :)
Pauing for a date is about the same thing. Tho it often costs way more.
Strangely enough, women never describe us men as "males". Oh wait, they do so very often.
Women should not teach at all. Too much agenda pushing istead of passing knowledge.
If a female refers to me as male, i will do same in return. Equal response and all that. Refering to a person as an animal shows lack of respect, does it not? If she cant respect me and my entire gender as a societal group, exactly why should I be obliged to respect her kind?
So what? :) whats good for the goose...and all that. A woman is only a woman, nothing more.
True, we should not. Words are not evidence, and women misuse them constantly to their own benefit.
Its not class, its respect they have lost. Not to mrntion many other things.
Compromise, yes. Sacrifice, never. Noone will appreciate it anyway, and will expect even more sacrifice from you. Lose - lose situation.
Its both at the same time, with an answer being - whichever suits them at any given moment, for any given desired result.
Easy Only respect those that worked to get that respect, and work even more to keep it. Disregard the rest - they are not worth that respect anyway.
Same thing. No woman is worth sacrificing anything. She can leave if she has a problem with this, another will be in her place soon enough. If not, I can live as well when single anyway.
Its not about definition, is about consequence of an action. Forgiveness causes a second chance where second chance should not ever be given.
And letting things go is exactly what enables others to continue their actions against you. Because they will not change, thats for sure. Fucking them over, on the other hand, leaves no "others" to begin with.
Said I was not interested, then promptly blocked her.
Devops here. Guilty as charged lol
Womsn being decent human being towards men, or anyone else for that matter, is rare. He stated the truth, thats all.
Because we want to. Problem?
It takes alsoo two to raise, and if he cannot be a father, he should not be forced to pay either. Also, paternity scam happens and myst be accounted for, to the benefit of affected man, no exceptions or ifs. If its not his genetically, or if he didnt consent to having it, he should not be forced to pay for it.
Nope. If he does not get custody rights, he should not be forced to pay. If the mommy cannot afford to raise the child, she should not get custody, because she is clearly unable to provide what is needed.
Not everywhere is usa. Also, child support should be in a form that precludes anything beneficial - directly or indirectly - to ex-spouse. Its not in mans and childs both best interest to do so, as it gives way to exploit the system. Edit : also, any paternity, in any situation, should be estabilished by genetic testing. Word or legal assumption alone is not enough, for the same reason - potential for exploitation.
Yeah, being bi myself, having a second option is a blessing :)
Its still a matter of being statistically correct. Why risk having problems if a guy could easily avoid you and spare himself problems and loss of time? "Feelings" alone are not worth that trouble - thats just brain chemistry.
It might depend, or not. No woman is worth the risk tbh :)
Tbh, I usually remove a woman from my life totally and instantly, if anything is not as I expect it to. Im not going into relationship to loose and rosk anything. Its just another woman. Noone valuable enough to risk or sacrifice literally anything.
Plot twist: penis fingers
Tbh, its his house, and his artwork. Why do you even feel entitled to tell him what he is to do? Its you who has a problem, so you should deal with it without changing his life in a way he does not want it to change. Its his place, not yours. Your feelings cannot preclude his decisions.
Her feelings do matter, but she has zero right to expecr any change in this setting based on them alone. Its not her or their space, but his, and his alone.
Nope, she will not. She will just use his credit card.
If in doubt, choose whe worse wariant. If she's a collateral damage - oh well. Happens to men all the time, so woman up.
Turn down, then notify HR.
Ideas to try irl
Or, she was trying to say "she hoped".
Why did you two got married then?
What? He does not want kids. Its his life and his decision. Kts not being bad. Its being incompatible. They should not be married. Thats all. She has no right to pish him into life he does not want.
Factorio.
This is also why feminist organisations activelly oppose 50/50 custody where I live. Mommy must have them dollars for coffe with her girlfriends after all.
Better yet, force mom rapist to euthanise her own child, then fry her on the chair for rape. Fitting, and effective.
Or so you say...
Priest, pedo, little difference.
If you do start something, beware of sudden babies.
Its not like religions didnt murder everyone around them based on belief alone. Forgiving atrocity will, in time, breed another one.
Religion is bad. Its the most pure form of hate. Hate towards everything, and everyone that is not "us". No religion works without common enemy.
Sorry but is 7 year old making such decision? Or is it his mommy, really?
