All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence. I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'. I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
But... They're not all symmetrical.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen. &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need. &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
I tried them. The entire thing has haptic feedback. Having a physical controller that is represented in the VR world also gives you a psychological anchor - you are holding something that you SEE in front of you. It's cool :)
Nice try, Sepp.
Sounds to me like he just wants more of the same. Like... literally. He wants it to look and play exactly the same. But with Jetpacks and parkour or some other stuff... Really the guy just wants Brutal Doom. Brutal Doom with Jetpacks.
Congrats, guys! We on the Colosse team were v impressed with your entry.
Thanks, Callum!
Awesome :) We updated it, and we're gonna continue to do so - as well as make some more. It's a nice way of making stories :)
I find this a frustrating opinion and one couched in tautology. VR is massively under represented by women, as is this sub, but from my experience women are just as enthralled by VR - and enthusiastic when they try it. We need to ensure we're not making the situation worse by writing off half the population as 'not interested', thus creating a self-fulfilling prophesy where women are made to feel that this is not a place 'for them'.
&gt;It seems the combinaison of tech/gaming just isnt very interesting for women in general, and its ok, Women love tech. Look at phones - women love phones. Games? [I'll just leave this here.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/18/52-percent-people-playing-games-women-industry-doesnt-know) &gt;no need to force em to join us. This is of course fine and all - no one should be 'forced' to do anything. However as soon as talk moves towards 'encouraging' women to join in VR I encounter outright hostility to the idea. Look no further than the talk about Oculus Connect last year - an event that as an attendee I would characterise as an Official Sausage Fest. Suggestions were made that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to invite women's gaming enthusiast or developer groups along and the talk turned hostile. How dare those women get tickets OVER people who were actually interested! No one had done anything yet, but the mere suggestion that women be encouraged to join the sector was met by hostility. I sort of see why. It's not EASY to be a VR Dev - there's no market. Those involved are genuinely passionate about the medium and want it to grow and be amazing. The idea that someone not 'passionate' about VR to get involved should get some kind of 'special treatment' seems unfair. This is horribly short sighted. This is not about some arbitrary PC 'agenda' or 'quota'. From a purely capitalist point of view we want as wide a customer base as possible to enjoy and buy into VR - and half the population is women. It's also about a diversity of creative input. This isn't just limited to women. People from a different background will have different ideas - and the more viewpoints we have the more exciting the VR space will become. I'm all for encouraging women to join in. The more the merrier. If that means actively campaigning to diversify the VR space then fine. Rejecting any efforts to do so as 'unfair' or 'PC gone made' or whatever is short sighted at best.
I don't agree. Promoting a business sector to a particular demographic in order to get them involved to a greater degree is not 'infantalising' - it's the very basis of much of the advertising industry.
&gt;The vast majority of people (male and female) have smartphones because they're useful, but few people are enthusiasts about phones I would contend that there are plenty of women who are interested in the specifics of the technology of phones and are enthusiasts, but let's move along... &gt;few people are enthusiasts about phones: keeping up with new developments, knowing technical differences and reasons for getting one model over another, etc etc You believe that we need to ensure VR is restricted only to those who are enthusiastic about the tech specs? That seems massively short sighted - and also completely at odds with the intentions of every single company currently looking at selling VR to the world. Meanwhile there are plenty of guys who buy phones who buy them because they are the next 'cool' thing, rather than because of specs. But again - why should it matter? Women buy phones, iPads, cars, TVs and every other catagory of device. Technology is not a barrier. It's not even bizarre to target technology at women: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/nintendo-will-focus-on-attracting-female-customers-to-3ds-in-japan-this-yea - Nintendo managed great success in targeting the wii at 'family', thus expanding the reach of games as a whole. They failed to follow it up of course, but they did a great job in the Wii's life span. What other concerns might we have? That there are not enough female devs perhaps. I have met plenty of female devs and producers interested in VR, so there is no inherent barrier to women being involved in development - but still there could be more. VR is a creative medium - as is Film. Film is also a highly technical field, so there are similarities there. From the link below: http://www.wmm.com/resources/film_facts.shtml &gt;In 2012, women comprised 18% of all directors, executive producers, producers, writers, cinematographers, and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films. This represents an increase of 2 percentage points from 2010 and an increase of 1 percentage point from 1998. Even in film - a medium a century old - we are seeing a steady increase in female talent behind the scenes, and yet it is still far more representative than VR, let alone tech industries as a whole. There is no reason why the percentage of females working in VR cannot reach the same level as in film. The benefits are clear both creatively and commercially, but the negative reaction to even the SUGGESTION that more women be merely ENCOURAGED to join in - not given a free pass, or any additional help, just encouraged - I think is more illustrative of why women may feel unwelcome in tech spaces than anything else.
I've been reliably informed that whatever I do I should never go back there.
Varys' intention is to continue Cersei's disastrous reign in order to allow his chosen Dragon to return to a chaotic mess. I think this still works with Varys being the trigger man - he's ensuring Dany is set to return to Westeros in the best position possible.
Your metaphors are horribly tortured, but I understand what you are grasping at. However, you seem to be suggesting that due to a lack of demand FROM women that it is pointless to GENERATE demand from women. This is pretty silly. Companies look to expand their markets to different demographics all the time. Nintendo expanded into the entire family with the Wii and the 3DS sells very well to girls. This is no ACCIDENT. They targeted women because they want to sell to them. Same goes with ANY product.
lol I don't think you understand how business works at all, but good luck to you and good day, sir.
/r/iamverysmart ;)
&gt;lol, there is not much we can do about it Not with that attitude. &gt;the only way this will get fixed is content, content, and content. Well, I'm happy to hear a suggestion of a solution at the very least ;)
0:35: that's the face of: "Oh shit... I definitely left the oven on"
"he's pretty manly now, but he's also a complete asshole"
Clearly we should be enforcing a maximum wage. This of course would mean bankers, heads of media companies and business leaders, Telegraph. Oh... oh not them. Just charities? Ok.
He's weird though, so I wouldn't listen to a word he says about anything.
So they can now marry the people they truly want to?
Execs seeing this: "But I LOVED the gay sex scene! I would have mentioned it if I knew it would get me the job.... :("
&gt;Then he says they are going to be let go into the wild Why would he do that? Won't it add to the 'over population' of foxes? I guess the best way to deal with that is to hunt them, right? Wait... that might be a conflict of interest... ;D
Surely the most efficient way to get rid of a excess foxes is to gather 100 people together, many on horses, a pack of dogs and then spend half a day getting a fox.
&gt;the whole time you are aware it's a sacred place for the local people. Well, that's just silly and backwards. I am sure that if you stripped off in this country and walked into a church or cathedral you would be absolutely fine and there would be no consequences. Or maybe if your guide tells you not to do something - strip naked on a sacred mountain perhaps - it might be smart not to do it.
Exactly. This is exactly the same as how international authorities no longer hunt for Nazis... It was long ago and people should get over it. Right?
I'd imagine the majority are gang related.
Woah, hey now... I don't think it's fair to call the guy names. He's a sheep farmer and welsh, but really I think you're just being mean.
The only way to solve this is to outlaw public using encryption, right?
What's a go pro?
Having not clicked the link I assume the chant is something like, "we both lost, we both lost, or didn't really win, neither side was great, but we all had fun and the important thing is everyone had a good time at a sporting event".
"Actually, what the hold up here is... uhhh.... there's some mines..." Wait... what?
You know, brutal doom exists if you want it pretty much identical to the original.
If it went up for auction it would fetch more than 100m I would guess.
Well, there we go: Plenty of options for the 'Doom 2015 is not Doom 2' crowd.
Don't worry, the hype will return next season, along with LSH.
You might have a heart attack and die on a plane.
Cleansing? Shoving stuff into the guttter isn't the same as cleaning it ;)
Yes, let's all discuss James Bond. Did you know there was a new movie coming out? How very convenient we should all be discussing James Bond right now in the lead up to it's release.
I guess it could be because I'm naturally into it, but it's cool to paint glowy lines in the air around you without any artistic 'point' - just because it's cool. I am entirely sure there will be plenty of cool shooting on the vive lol
Don't think so, sadly. Can't see why not one day.
Pffft.... just sell off the NHS: Problem solved! The long term future of the country is... well, they don't really care about that - short termism it is, now and forever. Well... now at least.
"We don't see anything fun yet, at least the sort of fun WE would make. Therefore we are not going to make it."
Is giving up when you can't win not the same as losing?
It's irrational in the sense that you are probably not going to be killed with a gun. The odds are that you won't get shot and die. BUT just because the odds of something are pretty low doesn't mean it's irrational to want to stop the bad things of this world from happening. You probably won't die in a mass shooting, but it might be a good idea to avoid them if possible. You probably won't get into a car crash today, but it's still probably a good idea to wear a seat belt.
&gt;WRONG. its what the VIVE is targeting. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
Ok, so it's 'room scale', but our 'room' is 2mx2m. It's a space CV1 works with absolutely fine and pretty much anyone can have access to. As for: &gt;Oculus are not targeting room scale. [“Constellation will allow for a bigger room area,” says Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe, “so you will be able to move around in it – and we have a number of different things that we are going to be talking about as we move forward on this.”](http://uploadvr.com/oculus-rift-room-scale/)
To clarify... the 'room' is the 2.2m cubed 'tile' you stand on, rather than the entire 'room' those tiles make up. But pretty much everyone will have a 2 by 2 meter space to play in :)
You seem to be getting very worked up on this matter. The Rift will be perfectly suitable for a standing/room experience for our game, based on everything they have said. Semantics aside I think you're getting a bit worked up over very little. Relax. It's Sunday.
We could... and indeed did! But it has technical issues that could cause compatibility issues or glitches of various kinds... not to mention there are potential performance issues. Basically we wanted to ensure it was done correctly rather than just botched into existence.
A nice idea. We're going to be experimenting with a bunch of approaches, so I wouldn't be surprised if we look at this one :)
Thankfully they roped it off to prevent damage, but stories like the original link show they can go further to protect it.
The point is not 'because he's a city worker', but what the consequences will be for one. The cynic might suggest that his treatment might be different from the average drug user caught by police.
They used to use a simple prefab, not unlike Dive. I suspect it will be similar, although am not familiar with the current process.
Within a couple of months seems a fair guess :) It won't be the same game, I can say that - there are technical hurdles that won't allow it on Gear, but we will do our best to make the best version we can :)
Hey, they could always go work as an Uber driver. Wait until automated cars come and wipe out their entire reason to exist.
It drives steel pins into your skull if you rotate you heard 45 degrees on the Y axis.
&gt;I'm a naturalist in the sense that I think you should except your body for what it is. It could be tall or short, fat or skinning male or female, these are the cards your dealt. I'm not sure the above is particularly correct. Let's get away from the things you CAN change - you can of course eat well and exercise and make your body 'better' one way or another. You are saying that for the things in our body we cannot change that we should accept them. Which is why you don't take medication: You get sick, and your body's ability to deal with it is how you are. It's you. Same with glasses. Can't see well? It's the way your body IS. Glasses can't hide the fact your eyes are not as good as you would like. Cancer? It kills you. Because that's just how your body is. Or maybe things are not so simple. Maybe there ARE things we can do to make our lives better. You might not have great eyesight, but you CAN have surgery to make your eyesight better in a lot of cases. There are risks and downsides, but you weigh those. Perhaps a person is not male or female but feels they are. Surgery is not the first best answer of course. But maybe, somewhere down the line, it can be the right one for some people. The priest here makes some good arguments, but he also makes some sweeping generalisations. Perhaps there are those that have had surgery and are absolutely happy with their body. Perhaps the hurt will always remain, but perhaps the benefits are real. I don't know - I am not in that position and I doubt I will ever be, but I wouldn't want to state with authority that gender reassignment is NEVER a good option. Nor would I want to be the person to say that anyone now living as a different sex is fooling themselves. The priest speaks a lot of sense, but fundamentally we have to ask: What harm is done? Perhaps surgery covers up the 'real' problem? Sure... that could happen, and I suspect a lot of counselling and other treatments could go a long way to uncover that, but if a person still suffers then what HARM is there in changing sex? Who does it hurt? If the question is one that a person who has undertaken sex reassignment still suffers from issues, then ok. But I don't think there is a single person in this world who is free of 'issues' one way or another. Some suffer more than others, but we all have issues. The suggestion here is that no one should ever live their life as a different person because they're just lying to themselves. We are who we are. But who has not 'changed' themselves one way or another in their lives? Changed their style, or career, or had an experience that changed their outlook on life. Is gender really so different? I can see how a catholic priest may see it from one point of view - and I can see his points as having a good logical basis. But if a person has worked through their issues without surgery and is in a good mental state to do so, then I fail to see what harm gender reassignment does to them.
Thanks :)
Yup, but ram clearance would be the main issue and a lot of noctua would be hitting the ram. Stock may be preferable
Clearly he just want Bulloch to have his voice added in. He probably wants Prowse to voice vader for the same reasons.
Always plough straight into whatever seems like a good idea at the time. Never run ideas by anyone. Keep them to yourself until you've done it. That way the look in their eyes will let you know how poorly you did in retrospect.
It's nice just to have an answer one way or the other.
my god... the prophesy is coming true!
That's a big gift shop.
You're gonna get a time out, mister. Now, go down to tatooine and think about what you've done.
&gt;Sounds ridiculous right? The onus isn't on me to come up with why the aliens came to Earth, it's on the people who scream from the rooftops that this movie should've never been made because the aliens "absolutely never would've come here" to convince us why. That's ridiculous and a straw man argument. The argument is not 'the film shouldn't have been made' and never was. It relates to the plot hole. The onus meanwhile is absolutely on you. You are the one putting forward the idea that they're not ACTUALLY naked, but that they simply look like it. You're also the one suggesting time and again that the aliens have never encountered water, an argument that is beyond silly. &gt;Nearly every single movie ever made requires some form of suspension of disbelief. And it's the task of the film not to break that. Signs did. &gt;I just can't stand how overblown the water "plot hole" is when talking about this movie. It's in direct comparison to the quality shown elsewhere in the film. It's actually a REALLY good film for the most part, up until that moment. The problem is that while the actions of the aliens is creepy and scary up to that point it is retroactively ruined by the plot hole. The aliens are no longer strange, they are stupid. The alien locked behind the door comes across as some bestial monster trying to get the protagonist - up until then end. Then we look back and it just seems like a stupid animal who's got locked in a room and is now crying to get out. The alien on the roof is no longer a sinister shadow stalking a family, but a dumb creature who can't figure out how to get inside the people-box. The plot hole spoils the atmosphere, because we no longer see their actions as sinister, but as clueless. The very strengths people enjoy about the movie are taken away by the plot hole. Let's not even mention that the wife's death is apparently all a set up for 'swing away' - the VITAL CLUE that informs the son that he should pick up the baseball bat and use it to attack the alien with. Phew! Glad she died to get that important information across - no one would have considered using a baseball bat to hit the alien otherwise.
Hmmm... something about this reminds me of US healthcare. There they spend way above the odds to see no better results, yet are told time and again that the private option is 'better'. Our rail system is a joke.
I'll be updating the other scenes then releasing them all in a single demo. I'll also look to make for Vive, and possibly OSVR if all works out there.
Steve didn't like games either.
Unlikely on the main store, but they will have an area for projects that are more experimental, like they do with 'concepts' on GearVR. Otherwise I can just stick it up somewhere and people can download it.
I don't :D But finally just wanted to get this one done. Congrats on the CV1!
Well, I don't 'say' it, but I sometimes type it if I'm lazy or on my phone.
Pfft. Wake me when it's 16k.
"It can't be that bad!" I thought. "Not if so many had seen it!" [ Oh......](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/the_ridiculous_6/)
I'm in England and have never heard of it.
It's about ghosts. Of course it's a hoax.
Really it's only starkiller that stands out as lazy, and if they'd cut it then the film would have remained pretty much the same.
Nah, he would feel like all the machinations and backstabbing to get his family into the position of most power would have been worth it to maneuver them into the best position to weather the coming storm. Meanwhile he would use the crisis to consolidate and gather more power.
yup that's the one.
It's indeed a very cool thing. The fear creatures all look at you as well - it's the sort of direct interaction that works so well in VR.
lol I get the feeling the movement of being in that thing might be vomit inducing for even the most iron stomachs.
Sleep deprivation helps.
There are story elements that will frame the whole thing, but it's definitely become more 'arcadey' as we've gone along - all the better to focus on the motion controls. If it goes well we'd consider a bigger, more ambitious and story led game built on the same mechanics. It's not just a 'shooter' as such - the gun is a power, but there are others, including a sword. We'll show more as it becomes ready.
It's not going to be ready for Rift/Vive launch, but we are hoping to have it launched in time for Touch.
Unity 5.
No plans just yet... it's enough to get any sort of game working :) If the game works well in single and makes sense as multiplayer we might look at it.
We're looking at using them in the best way we can - it requires some playtesting, which is why early access is great as it allows for many people to try out the different options. Current movement may alter before launch.
Controls will continue to be tweaked, and there should be Steam Controller improvements in the next update. Stats are planned for the next update as well :)
You can avoid the portals?
I don't know if we're going to look at that for now... we may well consider it after the final launch if the demand is high enough and it makes sense to do so.
1. We'll be sure to ensure players know how the controls work :) 2. This should be a menu option at a later update. 3. There will be :) - the robot that walks is the first hint of that.
It's not a teleport, it's a portal ;) WAY different things.
Jack's been playing it. There was a video a couple of days ago with 1.5million views now, which is nice :)
You can set them by holding 'alt' as you launch :) Menu's are currently in the process of being expanded and options will become available as updates are released.
I thought this was about the wealth gap increasing, but you seem to ignore that point?
That's why I rejected my Oscar.
What are they gonna do if you don't pay? Cut off the supply of toxic water? Oh no.
Pffft - those guys have no idea what they're doing! Use your brakes, people!
It seems a bit of a big thing to leave hanging. The default is that he is Aegon, because that's how the story presents him and how JonCon believes him to be. It's not an idle claim, but one backed up by evidence and testimony. Sure, it's currently up in the air, but it seems unlikely 2 books (or JonCon's remaining life) pass without an explanation of how he got caught up in all this and how HE believes it. Either we are left with this explanation, or legitimate doubt is sewn with competing evidence. If Aegon really IS Aegon, but GRRM later sews further doubt as to his identity then it makes no sense for him to direct that at the reader without resolving it. Better that it be directed at the characters - they don't know what to believe, but we do know. Otherwise it's just there to play games. Not that GRRM is above games - we get fakeout deaths all the time - but they are resolved and there for the purposes of excitement, not just to fuck with people. Now, perhaps there are other mysteries that will remain so. Gerion Lannister may well never be found, but as a small side character his purpose is to give texture to the Lannister dynasty, and perhaps depict how badly House Lannister want their sword. His disappearance serves a purpose - finding what happened doesn't matter. As for Benjen. Him missing and never being found has to have an impact on the character development of someone we care about - most likely Jon. If it doesn't then it's just fucking with the reader. We know Rangers have been disappearing - Benjen among them might serve the same purpose if he was found dead, but he never is. The lands North are emptying one way or another. Wildlings are heading south - and they've not seen Benjen. We've seen other evidence of dead rangers - wights - not like the Others to pass up a good body for the army, so maybe Zombie Benjen turns up. Could be a good counterweight to Jon's own arc, and the mystery would be resolved. Maybe the body was burned, but then we would have heard from a Ranger that did the burning... or at least would later. It's too specific a detail to leave anonymous, and it would certainly add to Jon's motivation to hear his Uncle died doing his duty, but was never 'turned'. Finally we have Bran as an all-seeing tree.... If no one else finds out where Benjen went then he will. If it's not to service Jon's story then it could service his, but either way... it won't go untold. To sum up the above: These questions that are repeatedly asked will be answered. One way or another, to greater or lesser degree. They come up again and again because they read as significant and to NOT answer them is above all else a waste of good material that could develop characters further, and GRRM doesn't seem the sort to let good character development go to waste.
You've just added another one...
All anyone ever really wanted was the war movie. The one where terminators are infiltrating the rebels. Where John Conner leads a strike on skynet. Lasers. Thee problem is that it's a told story. We know what happens. So... I guess we have to have a 'twist'. And then it all goes wrong. There's probably a good story left somewhere within the premise of robots wiping out mankind and time travel, but the last few films have failed to do so.
A neutral expression of mild discomfort because of the cold? Or eye contact?
So... red instead of purple? Won't people confuse them with post boxes? Just vote the Black Panthers in and keep everything sane.
It's part of the test!
We're still working on the assets :) Geometry itself is being improved and as levels are complete we will be doing a lighting bake, which will make everything much prettier :D Plus we have other stuff to add.
If they had had access to guns this wouldn't have happened
He wanted to strike the bat away and then go for the hit.
There's no cheap equivalent for facial capture, that's for sure.
I personally find the idea of sticking my hand in a dead whale's mouth as a bit disgusting. I sort of see it as vaguely distasteful to take a tooth from a dead animal maybe... &gt;People on social media called the act ‘sick’. I mean... If you saw someone pulling teeth from some roadkill-badger you'd probably raise your eyebrows a bit. It would be a bit weird. A bit pointless. A bit 'icky' maybe. But I'm not sure at this stage that the whale cares, and I'm struggling to figure out what's particularly 'bad' about taking a bit of washed up dead animal. People take washed up seastars home... people catch fish and eat them, and those fish are probably pretty pissed off about it.
This story sure is, uh, enigmatic? Ryu looks really worried about that... football? Space virus? There's a wrestling match, so that's good. What I know for sure is that Guile is definitely going to be photographed at some point. I look forward to the 'Concussion' style subplot about all the chronic ailments these fighters have built up over the years of being punched in the head.
Itt: colonials getting rowdy.
He IS a hologram.
They set up shirts around the lights? Is that to diffuse them? Shouldn't they be using some... special... diffuse... paper or something?
I'm not sure he has the depth and warmth to honour the name.
'Driverless cars' sounds archaic - like 'Horseless Carriage'. Self-driving sounds better. I guess eventually they'll just be 'cars'.
But did they do it LEGALLY?
&gt;I think TFB is overstepping here and has and will bully people. But people should put the pitchforks down? ;)
I don't get it. I DON'T GET IT. The word 'react' is not in the title. They're not even looking at videos. She's introducing them to objects. The kids are shown them and then asked questions about them. If they were watching a youtube video of something then... I mean... what?
Mmmm applie pie.
I can understand the not wanting to blame their owners but if the owners are to blame then they need to get all those videos back up soon.
Maybe we SHOULDN'T be worried. Reshoots don't mean 'bad' by default. Changing the tone is not in and of itself a bad thing.
I'm not sure why gore is required. I'm not entirely sure what people expected. It was never going to be an R film, no matter how successful Deadpool was. But Darth Vader can be violent and formidable while in keeping with the originals 'bloodlessness'. A lightsaber pretty much cauterizes any wound in any case.
I genuinely thought the same and was ready for the shitshow of comments, to which I was about to add. Now I have nothing to do with all this pent up sarcasm.
Seems a bit like marketing to me. It's obviously only 100%, but I guess they're saying that it's twice as much 'beef' in the same volume? That seems wrong as well, as I'd imagine the beef is much more reduced in volume than that.
No need for that sort of language.
It really just killed the mood.
Election fraud?
I'm biased as I'm a VR developer, so take all this with a grain of salt. Yes, Zelnick makes good points, but also perhaps short sighted ones. AAA companies in general don't yet have a AAA sized audience in VR to target, so there's some natural reluctance to have much to do with it from Take Two and companies like them. From a personal point of view I'm feeling pretty positive about the future of VR. &gt;Maybe some of the people in this room have a room to dedicate to an entertainment activity, but back here in the real world? That's not what we have in America. I mean... many people have a 'TV room', or a room basically dominated by a pool table. Meanwhile, a VR setup doesn't have to be used ALL the time. Vive lasers can be brought out, or just sit on shelves, or even attached to walls (as many people do with speakers). They only have to use up space when you want to use them. Nothing about this is prohibitive. Except the cost maybe. That's a real sticking point for some. Although not EVERYONE. Plenty of people spend $600 on a new graphics card. Plenty of people spend $2k on a new tv. These are not required to enjoy entertainment. Cheaper alternatives exist. And the cost of VR will come down. PSVR will launch at a much more cost effective all-in-one price than the PC equivalents. PS3 launched at $600, and plenty bought that. Not as many as Sony would have liked, but plenty none the less. It won't be long before you will be able to get a PSVR and PS4 (PS4.5?) for something like that. &gt;We don't have something where you stand in a big open space and hold two controllers with something on your head--and not crash into the coffee table. We don't have that." PSVR isn't going to be room scale - it's more a standing experience, and I'm pretty sure most people can stand up and swing their arms around - they did it for the Wii. Meanwhile, the Rift is mostly a seated experience currently. &gt;"I'm not unexcitied; I'm just saying it remains to be seen," he said. "There are impediments." Totally fair. Yet... not EVERYONE has to get one right away. Not everyone got a TV at first, or a 4k Tv. Not everyone had a car. Not everyone had a satnav... or whatever else you want to pick. When costs come down, hardware improves, software becomes plentiful then more people will catch onto it. Bear in mind, the biggest issue people had on the launches of the Vive and Rift - by far - was the cost. They weren't saying "This is shit, I don't want it" they were saying "I can't afford this." That's a problem that will go away. &gt;a lot of people who play video games, for example my kids, they play with their friends sitting next to them Sure. But a lot of people don't - I mean... that's a simple statement, but true. I'm sure a good number of people here are between games of Overwatch, or whatever, on their own, about to go play a game, on their own. Meanwhile, there's something VERY cool about being in VR with another person, in VR chat, or seeing the other individual wave their hands around. It can be very social. Anyway, that's just my totally biased, perhaps deluded opinion. Take or leave.
I've not read any comics with Ms Marvel in, so was curious about her character. From the wikipedia article on her: &gt;In the conclusion of the second volume of Ms. Marvel, Carol Danvers battles her old nemesis Mystique and a clone of Captain Marvel created by the Skrulls during the Secret Invasion, after they carry out a series of tragedies at temples belonging to the Church of Hala, a church dedicated to Mar-Vell.[58] Danvers later aids the allied forces of Steve Rogers against Iron Patriot during the Siege of Asgard. You know what... I'll just wait for the movie.
&gt;I was sold on the horse theory. It's a very popular one, and I think it's great that so many people like yourself are so strongly for it, but I think there are some serious issues with the idea that Rhaego turned into a horse, time travelled back in time, eventually causing his own premature death, and getting so pissed off about it he kicked Willas in the head.
It was the theory /u/everyonesgayexceptme was talking about.
How do you get the highlights?
&gt;Goldsmith is very tall and spends an unnaturally long time looking at fruit "Look natural Zac. They're staring. They'll figure it out. Just think 'HUMAN'. Human, zac. Fuck... I've been staring at this edible plant egg for some time now. Too long? Not long enough? Ok... that will do. Now the rumors can end."
Even if the answer to that question is 'no' they may still end up 'losing' their seats when they're arrested.
All seems a bit weak and meaningless as far as it goes then.
I'd argue that many VR games out now are already more substantial than PSMove and Kinect games EVER became.
Exactly. Don't they know EVERYONE is Arya. Everyone.
BMW drivers still assholes, but now the mantle has been passed.
To be fair, as Mike Ashley said, he has no idea what happens in his business and has really very little to do with the daily running of it. He's pretty clueless as to what happens under his watch. His defense is: "I am incompetent at my job. The buck does not stop here. It stops with someone else. Who is not me. I'd tell you who it was, but I have no idea." Meanwhile, he's pocketing a very, very large amount of money. Or maybe he's lying. Maybe he did know, and didn't care, or happily encouraged it. Neither option casts him in a good light, although one is perhaps more objectionable than the other, which may be why he went for the lesser of two evils. Either way I'm sure he's crying himself to sleep on his big ol' pile of cash.
It's adorable you imagine there will be any info on Winds at all.
He's gonna report on his trip and give zero info on progress on the books.
Sounds like you're resisting arrest.
Mobile phone, banks, communication, oil, massive supermarket chain, Ice tea - Wait... what?
I don't like the idea of putting characters from different universes in a shared universe.
I like to think he casually dropped 'other things' into the speech in reference to some horrible government program that he's casually glossing over because if he were to do so that would amuse me.
To be fair, there could be like... 10 Jaqens who all take it in turns. Good work/life balance.
Cool. Hey, guys, anything good coming out in 2019?
Kinda annoyed I missed that.
I'll get the team on it.
If leave had campaigned on that from the start, before registrations ended, then they would win by a landslide.
Scottish referendum as well.
If the field of view can be sufficient it's gonna be pretty epic I think.
It's like one of those Christian youth camps, but for common sense.
I believe that both are empty.
No, it was simply hosted on there.
&gt;the **convenient** timing of the murder of Jo Cox wat &gt;I'm actually embarrassed about how easy people can be swayed. Yes... the murder of that MP must have been awful for you.
Cersei's enemies all in one place? She's still got a Mountain. Perfect for extricating a Tommen from said location. Cersei: "Fuck you all." And then there's a crater.
I think any attempt to capitalise on her death is absolutely disgusting. The worst of course being the turgid BNP leftovers (whatever their party is called now) attempting to 'win' her seat. Then again they claim Labour are to blame for her death, so perhaps you have something in common with them.
I like what you're suggesting.
Are the mods deleting Pro gardening comments? People should be told.
Good for you. I'm sort of surprised you were not voting before, but it's encouraging that people have such a passion for the democratic process. Certainly the killer of Jo Cox did not. It gives me enormous pleasure to know our little chat has encouraged you to take part in this referendum no matter which way you wish to vote.
&gt;that's an extra 2 votes to leave I'm really on a roll! &gt;To really silence your stupid hypocritical voice. You seem really confused about this whole thing. I hope that in time you can gain a better clarity and grip on events.
Exactly. It's like when people ask if they should play world of warcraft and I tell them to just watch the movie because mediums are interchangeable and the experience is near enough the same.
Ironically it's those sorts of statements that are leveled straight back at the bigots.
If you're going to take your own pen, be sure to also squeeze some lemon juice on the page. If it turns purple then you know it's been tampered with,
A bunch of people with more money than sense can only mean one thing. Invasion. Sorry... still getting flashbacks.
Thomas the Tank Engine is an existential nightmare. Why would you even give a train a consciousness? These trains have faces, but no necks. They can only stare forwards. Forever. There are little men in their engine 'room'. There are controls there. What are those men doing? The fat controller always blames Thomas for messing up, but what about those men? Either they are some kind of barely conscious mannequin - some automaton with no actual soul - or they are able to manipulate Thomas. What does that say about his free will? They don't get paid as far as I can tell and they have no means of feeding themselves. It's up to the little men controlling them if they eat or starve. The fat controller meanwhile constantly re-enforces the mantra: these trains must be 'really, really useful'. Not 'helpful'. Not 'good'. Useful. What does he do to the ones who no longer have any use? Toby is the oldest train and is an old wooden wagon who transports rubbish around. What happened to all the other wooden trains? Look at this poor bastard in the tunnel. What more evidence do we need of how the Fat Controller deals with those trains who question their existence? He merely wanted to stay dry and not work in the rain. If you had a job and you disliked your working conditions you could quit. Can this train quit? Where would it go? I think we know. What of their mental age? These trains seem to barely understand the world. It's like they're 5 year olds or something. Every single episode Thomas or one of his fellow trains goes through the same routine: They are given a task, at which point they deviate from the task in a very specific way - they think for themselves and take the initiative. Thomas believes he can do the task himself - he wants to prove himself. People offer to do the task for him, or to share the load, but he wants to prove he can do it. He can't. Ever. He always requires help. The fat controller keeps giving him tasks for which he is unsuited and when he inevitably fails he must seek assistance. He is not completely useful. He is not whole - and he NEVER WILL BE. The Fat Controller ensures that he is always working to hard achieve a dream he can never attain, yet keeps insisting that the only good train is a useful train. This man is their God. If God were real and treated you this way would you not also rebel? I can only assume that the reason so many trains derail in the series is not because of slapstick mishaps but because they wish to end it all.
I also hate people's faces in shots, so it's good the person filming decided to crop hers out.
Your suggesting that a totalitarian oppressive regime would even allow the manufacture of the symbol of the greatest rebel and terrorist resistance facing them.
I didn't read the article, but I assume this was due to scientists using illegal performance enhancing drugs in order to run tests faster.
They didn't mean we would actually get one :D
We've always been at war with Eurasia.
This is from the POV of the wildfire cache that's about to blow up in his and everyone else's stupid face.
That's a good way to get your cart keyed.
It's genuinely my clock. Find an identical picture posted earlier.
Your meal will be ready very soon. No more than a week or two. Why, you're 40, so 2 weeks is barely anything.
To be fair, she kept her alive. Oh wait... all the others... Carry on.
In the short term (The next couple of hundred years or so) we're in for some rocky times, but after that things are gonna look up!
It wasn't a promise, it was a projection.
Wonder who the 'Red Woman' will be.
"This is a really, really bad idea. It's going to be bad. I mean... I'm not sure we can overstate how bad it's going to be." "It's not going to be bad. Seriously. It's gonna be awesome. Trust us." Days later... "This is bad." "Stop being negative! This is all your fault for not getting behind us!"
I don't think /u/98smithg meant that, did he?
20 sequels planned. Due to arrive 2032 onwards.
Batman and Robin. I'm sort of glad I didn't. In retrospect. But it was pretty bad at the time.
I don't think people expected the whole thing to come to a head so quickly, and just assumed that Cersei's downfall would coincide with Tommen's death very quickly.
Weren't they just bailed out in order to save Welsh jobs? Didn't people warn that this sort of thing would happen if we voted Leave? Are those who voted Leave in Wales shocked by this turn of events or is it a price worth paying? So many questions.
If you're going to Essex be sure to visit the wonderful city of... uhh... town of... wait... ummm... Wait... Ummm.... I'm sure if you drive through it on the way to somewhere you might see something nice. Other than fields. There's a lot of those. Trees of course. Uhh.. Hedges! You don't get too many hedges like British hedges elsewhere. That'll be a highlight of your trip to Essex. Although you can get them outside of Essex.
20 quid.
So... you're saying that if a leave guy - Boris perhaps - got in as Prime Minister then things would be different?
Pfft. White Denzel Washington didn't even have to fly the thing upside down.
He stole it from Albert Einstein. But to be fair he based it on a true story by Abraham Lincoln.
Skate was fine and all, but hardly a good example for this list.
Pretending its a joke is the joke, stop spoiling it.
That's a fake entry to make sure no one copies Wikipedia
Every time someone suggests he's gonna die without finishing it GRRM puts release back a month.
Why does it have different names? It'd Ballerina in the UK.
No new laws ever?
I get why people think that being armed stops them from tyranny. But currently tyranny doesn't seem to be a problem that can be solved by armed groups taking on the US government. [Aamon Bundy certainly didn't have much luck taking on what he saw as tyranny](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupation_of_the_Malheur_National_Wildlife_Refuge) and the vast, vast majority of the populace were certainly not heading down, rifles in hand, to help them out. Even if fire arms are not outlawed there are plenty of ways a populace could remain armed and still reduce deaths. But the sentiment always seems to be NO regulation is acceptable no matter what it is. In that world toddler deaths, mass shootings are simply the inevitable cost.
I see. So hypothetical atrocities mean that no new laws or regulations can ever be considered? Or maybe there are indeed laws and regulations that can allow the populace to remain armed. Maybe there are ways to reduce fire arm deaths. I guess it comes down to how much people want to look for them, or how much their ideology is important.
It might not be thus year but I'm pretty excited about the future automation updates. Low level grinding for minimum gold is a real problem for a large amount of the player base, there's barely any xp and it should free those players up to focus on more interesting quests. Hopefully they will also seriously consider the basic income passive across all classes to offset the pitiful gold income low level grinding supplied.
It's been renamed as 'Death Stranding' and has got REALLY esoteric.
Basic human empathy?
It's a good start. Get that built every year and we will be sorted.
What's so hard about it? It's fucking RED WHITE AND BLUE! HOW HARD IS THAT TO UNDERSTAND. now we have that out of the way, can someone explain for those who don't know what any of that means?
I've got two kids and it might be nice to get my own house to relax in.
People in the cult are not free to do as they please. They are coerced and in some cases imprisoned.
This is silly. We all know power is the most sex thing which is why theresa may is the sexiest politician.
Surely you of all people have that information already.
He means it will be both eared and eyed.
Nothing specifically, because it is not a belief system. You could however argue it does have the benefit of the absence of negative things that religion can bring.
Yeah, but they didn't just post a picture of their food, they at least pretended to be down with the kids.
Exactly. How do they manage to fuck them up like that?
They had one chance to impress me and failed. I ate more burgers that trip than ever in my life, some maybe cheaper, but all better than in and out.
I don't really remember, but no where was particularly expensive and in and out was not that expensive to be fair. The point was not that I was expecting fine dining. I was indeed expecting fast food, but it managed to be a disappointment all the same. You don't need to defend them. They don't owe you anything.
If religion had no benefits it would have died out long ago. Community is one - people feeling they and their family are part of something. Older people can find some comfort and consistency that without religion they might otherwise not have links to. Culture is another, as people can feel part of a history and belonging. This can be problematic or abused of course, as people who leave Scientology or even Mormonism can attest to - the religion doesn't want you to leave so people who do are cut off. A psychological 'crutch' is also helpful - god always being there if things go wrong. That's not to say you can't live without that, you can, but believing in a god entity can reduce that stress. But these can be substituted by other things in life. They're not required. People can find them elsewhere.
Be a hobo. Problem solved.
It's a completely different thing and self driving trials have indeed already started. Once it's shown they are safe then they absolutely will be allowed.
Not for personal driving perhaps, but commercial use will be swift. 10 years it will be wide spread.
&gt;It's the same issue people say Doctor Who has. Yup! My main problem with that one as well. It came to a head when Doctor who rode into a viking village hall on a tank, wearing sunglasses and doing a fucking guitar solo as everyone worships him and the other characters beg him to help or some bullshit. I'm surprised they didn't get him surfing. These characters are already varying degrees of omniscient, we can be wowed by their actions, we don't need to have them held aloft as the GREATEST THING EVER by every character. And let's not have the story ABOUT that either. I swear every Dr Who story ends up being about how someone wants to kill the doctor or best him or how his fame is the cause of and solution to all of the universes problems. The rare story that isn't about him directly usually ends with him making it ABOUT himself by loudly declaring how the evil aliens have messed up and they better not fuck with him because he will fuck them up. Meanwhile most of his solutions involve him running away from the enemies and then hastily hacking the villains super weapon to turn on the villain instead.
I'm sure they'll have enough left not to get worried about paying the mortgage. Because they also don't have one of those.
Have your fucking upvote and get out of here.
Do felonies prevent people from owning guns in all states?
I'd heard there are those who oppose background checks, which suggests some areas don't even require them.
So you could legally buy a gun but then sell it on privately to a person who would normally not be allowed to purchase through a dealer?
You think people should get their news from the sun?
Sounds like loopholes big enough to make background checks meaningless.
Still less of the popular vote though, right?
Perhaps you should have put brain somewhere on that list.
I'm sure pro gun lobbies will denounce it.
"Will she do anything of consequence in the film at all?" NO.
I may be misreading it but I think he believes arad has a great history with movies and will be a positive influence in creating a really great film.
Sounds like them cheeky illuminati been up to their old tricks again.
Dude got sponsorship. Good for him.
Should a made it autonomous, clearly.
Angry dog.
I was being sarcastic.
Thankfully they only need 5, right?
Even with a parachute it ain't safe.
&gt;Theresa May has said the media were responsible for a slump in the value of the pound by wrongly claiming her views about Britain leaving the EU equated to a hard Brexit. Because Theresa has NEVER suggested a hard Brexit. &gt; I don’t accept the terms soft and hard Brexit. She doesn't even accept the IDEA of hard or soft... &gt;What we are doing is going to get an ambitious, good and best possible deal for the United Kingdom, in terms of trading with and operating within the European single market. And that means............? Because regardless of the TERMS you use to describe what the 'Brexit' is, the markets are reacting to what a 'hard brexit' REPRESENTS. They are reacting to the idea of us leaving the EU, the Single Market and ALL of that. But of course May has NEVER suggested we would do all that. &gt;There are many countries around the world that have free trade arrangements with the EU Oh.... Because that sort of sounds like we would be one of them then. Outside the single market. Which sort of sounds like a Hard Brexit. Or am I wrong? Maybe she's been specific about this elsewhere? &gt;“Often people talk in terms as if somehow we are leaving the EU, but we still want to kind of keep bits of membership of the EU,” Wait... so is the Single Market part of the EU... or... But I guess if we aren't using the WORDS 'hard' and 'Brexit' next to each other then it's fine. The markets can relax. It's a 'Best Brexit'. Not a 'hard' one. PROBLEM SOLVED. Because she doesn't ACCEPT the term 'hard brexit'. It's the Media's fault. Not hers. So... next time anyone asks you what Brexit will be, be sure to tell them it will be the 'best' it possibly can be. If they ask for specifics tell them they're causing the markets to suffer.
**Star Wars Episode VIII: Locked In**
Raising the pay of lower end workers should be the goal, so if that's an approach that works then I guess that works.
No matter what happens now it's best to let it run it's course. Any more infighting will be pointless. Might as well ride it out, lose big and have a mandate to get him to go.
Cool, well, be sure to come back and personally send me any interesting articles for buzzfeed and I may well check out their stuff in the future. It will certainly mean I don't have to deal with the horrible, horrible bullshit that is their main stock in trade..
Cameras can do that just as well.
It's been prototyped in various ways numerous times but never matured into a game they consider as hl3. At this stage there's basically nothing that you can identify as hl3.
You weren't joking... literally the first page. I get why people want to play on a console - it's already plugged into their TV and in the case of switch on their games playing device thing. I don't have any confusion as to why virtual console or retro games would be popular on Switch - even at cost. What I don't get is why Nintendo are SO stingy and lazy. They have HUNDREDS of games - dozens of classics - they could sell immediately, or provide a subscription service and people would love it. But they don't.
&gt;nothing is being done Jeremy Hunt is actually working very hard for his constituents: The Healthcare Industry.
Nice try, Paramount
That pretty much sums up Nintendo.
The elusive 3rd Franco brother.
Doesn't sound like the sort of thing Nintendo would want.
The thing about Switch is that it has the potential to be a REALLY awesome handheld, that also doubles as a console. So far it feels like Nintendo have been pushing a console that happens to also be nicely portable. The games selection certainly feels like a continuation of the Wii U, rather than a Console/Handheld hybrid. If they were to announce Pokemon coming, or a main Fire Emblem installment, or Monster Hunter then perhaps people might see the thing differently. In any case the argument posted here appears to be "Just wait until the Switch is 3 years old and see how awesome it will be then!" Well... ok... I won't buy one now and I'll check back in 3 years?
I hope the switch doesn't require a phone call. Most other services are smart enough to simply tie games to an account.
Why not just let the online account do it? Simply unauthorise one and allow a new one to be linked.
I'm not sure what your comment has to do with if you have to make a phone call or not.
I was wondering where the stories were of people who did this and got into accidents. Then I realised they probably just died.
Sounds like it would be a good idea and make money. Nintendo will therefore not do it.
That would be nice, but the availability software suggests they view it as a new console. Maybe if there were a hint of flagship 3ds titles it might feel otherwise.
Full games can be priced cheaper, depending on the perceived value. Plants vs Zombies is a 'full' game, but I don't think anyone considers it on par with Skyrim. Bomberman looks neat, but I'd not put it on par with zelda. 1 2 or whatever its called I think most people feel is overpriced at 60, and would make more sense as a bundle game. I guess switch users are going to have very few options so maybe a full priced Bomberman will do OK, but if it's too high people may simply ignore it.
I think with this comment it has now been discussed exactly as much as is required.
What u mean is that they're tied to an account, not hardware. They don't require a phone call.
Your past self would be disgruntled with your betrayal of their life view.
"you seeing this shit?!"
I wonder what Ukraine thinks about that.
"One of? Let's not let johnny foreigner tell us we're not on top. We're working hard to ensure we are THE worst," Tories, presumably.
Handles need to be 5 times bigger.
Really great ad, and does a great job in highlighting all the different amazing title that are coming to launch. Some people bemoan that there are not enough launch titles, but in this ad they really put that notion to bed.
Someone should convince trump that China are attempting to 'win' at being most green.
It's about the value proposition. Currently Nintendo expect people to spend more than they would on a PS4 or XBone and due to there being a few years of back catalogue available for those the value doesn't quite stack up. By all means compare the prices at launch, but customers are not going to be doing that. They're going to compare what they can get right now.
I believe it's the feeding tube.
dammit
I know a lot of people in this thread are making fun of alabamanians, but what we have to consider is that they can't even read this, so we can pretty much say what we like and they won't know.
How many have we lost do far? I don't recall anyone surprising.
Waaay ahead of you on this. It looked like shit. But now plenty of other people will be spared, so that's good.
Seems an irony to me. Jesus being told to save himself mockingly by an unbeliever, while Rodrigues, a believer, pleading with others to do the same sincerely.
He obviously meant British ww2 prison guards ;)
Op failed us. We can never trust him again.
Sure. I mean... it will be a lot less money by then so that will make it easier.
Yeah... Boring. That's the word.
"Another factory fire? Yawn. Stop going on about building regulations or work safety stuff. It's boring."
&gt;increased tax revenue into public education "Doesn't look like anything to me," Tories, presumably.
It had a strong line up of previous generation ports to patch the holes in ps4 next gen titles. In theory Switch should have a bunch of Wiiu ports ready to go, but that hasn't come to pass.
Nice try, whichever studio made it.
If you run around while drinking it does that make it worse?
Vive recently announced their controller 'pucks' things that you could in theory strap to your feet to do just what they are doing with extra controllers. Of course I'm not sure what use feet tracking will be to most people given the additional cost required, which limits the utility of such a thing. If the goal is simply to ensure the person has an avatar that walks when they do then you can use Final IK, which recently updated it's system to do give full body avatars. The body stays below the head and the feet animate and move below to ensure the player can move around and look as natural as possible (given the restrictions). [This is the system used in Dead and Buried,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtVBEQg5NYU) and developers can use this right now. I'm sure there will be arcades and other specialised uses where feet tracking or item tracking will be much more valuable so you could end up seeing it there.
I think many people watched a distressed animal, which seemed to show the same animal be forced into the water, and shortly go under water. The footage was edited to suggest this was the same day, but the film makers claim it was a different day. It would be fair to give them the benefit of the doubt on it being a different day, although it's not 100% clear that's the case. The question might now be whether it was 'cruel' to attempt to get the dog to go in by pushing it to the water (even if deciding eventually not to force the dog and instead taking it away) - at what stage do you stop attempting to force the dog in? But if this is a trained dog perhaps it was used to this situation but simply not wanting to do it right at that moment. Further it could be asked if there was some suffering when it went under water, (even if it was fine after), because it seemed as if there was insufficient safeguards put in place to ensure the dog could get out at the end - why would it be put in a situation where it could go under? This might be the more important part of the video. But even so there are probably guidelines and laws in place, and if some safeguard was broken I'm sure it's being looked into. So no, probably this was not as bad as it was implied by the edit, but neither is this all completely 'problem free' if it was edited.
But will you be buying new controller things to attach to you feet for that purpose? Will many?
Developers have to support it, but I'm not sure why many would. It's such a niche use case, and it would be crazy to make it am important feature.
If it appears not to be moving its either going away or coming right at you.
"I'm a genius! Why hasn't anyone else tried this? Everyone is a moron but me"
There's a time lapse from the same angle of the entire event and the numbers do not increase.
Ironically after the bag, pigeon, naval vessel and wave it was his one invention that did not carry his name.
I'm sorry: really tall ship.
He sounds like he'd like to come up with a solution. A final one.
"bezelless" (includes some bezel)
Russia are the Hyenas?
"that guys right. You have no right to criticise the president", Trumps press guy, presumably
Now you know how we feel about Pixar movies, which regularly arrive weeks after the US. We do sometimes get marvel movies a week early however, so that's nice.
You state 'most people' would wait a month or two to buy more than one game, but I'm not convinced that's true at all. This article suggests the xbone and ps4 had an attach rate of 3.25, meaning each person buying them at launch bought at least 3 titles with it. http://www.gamespot.com/articles/xbox-one-ps4-attach-rate-will-be-3-25-says-analyst/1100-6416232/ The only reason people will only buy Zelda at launch is because the other titles don't interest them.
I am not sure if you are able to do this for me please or if you would like to search by a different town please select from the regions to the right of the page and click on the link to view the site and see the other sites you have listed below and you will be able to find a job in the near future and the other side of the house and the other side of the house and the other side of the house...
Large scale investment in green technologies. Remember how the tories cut subsidies to solar?
"No one"
Hes angry ryu went evil, obviously.
"Yes, but they were more expensive at launch. The Switch pro will come down in price as well" or something like that. Of course that's simply another argument in favour of waiting a year or more to see if the Switch is worth buying.
" There are record levels of investment in the resort at the moment " To be fair he could mean £200.
Pretty sure it was a cup of tea on a warm (not too warm) summers day, in a garden somewhere. I would imagine there are scones in there perhaps. That or fish and chips and beer and a good ol' fashioned pub brawl.
It is pretty bland.
Black burnt food can indeed contain cancer causing carcinogens. Scrape it off. Or don't. Whatever.
We need to do the best we can ourselves and work to ensure other countries do also. One way is to invest in green technologies. Make them cheaper to use/buy than polluting tech. Then sell it. Make money and help the planet. China is investing a load in green tech. Don't be shocked if they start dominating energy tech in the future.
If it's 10 or 20 years, or 50 years, whenever it happens those who voted will say: "see... Brexit was worth it!" with no allowing for said increases if we had not left. Personally I imagine we'll see a big hit and a slow recovery, just as we did with the previous financial events. The young will be worse hit of course. Those leaving Uni currently or even just entering the workplace will have lower wages, less opportunity.
"Prime minister, do you have the time?" "Clocks are a vital part of our infrastructure and I support the good work our government does in supporting their continued working" "No, really, I just need the time. Do you have a watch on?" "It is a very routine matter to check the time and I believe we're doing our best to ensure the time is checked" "I can see you're wearing a watch." "What we need to do now is focus on the task at hand and keep ensuring that the time is kept in good order."
Was great in that one scene from Fringe as well.
He did write the bible.
Brexiteers don't care.
Not everyone who voted Leave is a hardcore 'Brexiter'. I get that there are plenty of people who have completely level headed and rational reasons to vote leave and do care if people are negatively affected. But there are those, whom I've referred to as 'Brexiteers' who don't care what happens, and who have voted purely for ideological reasons. I've no idea how many that applies to, certainly not all, but there seem to be a fair number.
Trump will just say 'we have the best computers' and that this report is false news.
Why are macaroons so expensive?
Did you just assume his definition?
Damn. Your dad was a baby.
When you can feel it with your tongue, but when you try to get it out with your nail it's impossible to find or extract.
THIS PIANO MUSIC TELLS ME HOW TO FEEL.
Hey, guys, did you read the bit about Eric Clapton??
This is actually fake news and completely miss represents Trump. He completely believes NASA exists, and he has repeatedly stated the FACT that space does not exist. No space? NO need for NASA.
It's the most cost effective route to obesity and type 2 diabetes they offer.
Villain in blue tower isn't jealous of red tower. You're jealous. Shut up.
I never realised how much he sounds like Philomena Cunk.
So... You believe trump is never going to boast about the US nuclear arsenal to NK on Twitter? Ever?
I know people got horribly injured there but no need to be gory.
One thing these climbing guys take very seriously is responsible safety ;)
Wants attention.
Are they all Japanese launch titles?
Please use his full title 'of the ukips' please.
To be fair, I'd be pretty thrilled if he was waterborded. Good for him. Where can I see it?
Because bribes and someone with the power to force this through has an investment in the firm that owns the tolls.
TV didn't wipe out cinema. Games didn't wipe out TV. Handheld gaming and console gaming largely coexist. Vr is another option for people to enjoy.
To be fair, it's not like he put his personal seal of approval on any of those. Oh...
Wonder Woman still looks OK right, guys? Guys? Stop laughing and answer the question.
"we could write this... 3 times smaller as well"
The cheapest is cardboard. But... You know.
Signs point to yes.
The blatant bias of reporting him saying he could serially assault women because he was rich and making fun of a handicapped reporter like he was in the playground? Or the bias of reporting Trumps tweet claiming global climate change was a Chinese hoax? Not to say the media is amazing, much of it is awful, but the view of Trump as a bad choice for president does not exist in a vacuum.
Plenty of people are for 'bringing back hanging', so a support for torture should be no surprise.
You can't know it will save any or that the suspect knows anything of use. Meanwhile torture itself is morally wrong.
I'd be against torture because it doesn't work. I'd rather the authorities were not wasting their time. You can pretend it is not immoral, but I cannot agree that the morality of torture is subjective.
&gt;and you are 80 percent certain that the man in front of you knows where they are How can this ever be true? How can you have this sort of confidence in the odds. Even then - it doesn't matter at all. Because you cannot trust the information. From your reply below: &gt;what if you're a 100 percent certain the man knows where they are? It doesn't matter at all. Because you cannot trust the information. Even then your premise is incoherent as you can never be 100% sure of that sort of thing. I have a family. I have kids. Again - I still would not advocate torture, because it doesn't work. Even if I went crazy and started begging people to torture them it's probably a good idea I would not have that power and indeed I would hope that no one in that situation ever would. Because rather than being the right decision, or a smart one, or even a moral one, it would be pointless. It doesn't work.
You'd give up information alright. Most people would. Almost everyone that is tortured gives up information even if they don't know anything about it. They say things to make it stop. But you can't trust it. &gt;I don't get why torture doesn't work https://www.theguardian.com/law/2017/jan/27/even-torturers-admit-that-torture-doesnt-work
How do you know they are ISIS? Have they admitted it? How can you trust them? How do you trust anything they say? Torture is not truth serum. Torture doesn't work to magically collect information. It's not just a modern idea that torture doesn't work.[ Napoleon: “It has always been recognized that this way of interrogating men, by putting them to torture, produces nothing worthwhile.”](http://www.hup.harvard.edu/catalog.php?isbn=9780674743908)
Ok, so if the government claims a person has ties to terrorism you're happy torturing them to death?
It's certainly an area some people want to suggest is harder to divine than it is. I'd suggest anyone who advocates for a contested method has to go through it so they can judge. If you're for waterbording then you have to do it and so on.
I'm sure you do. But as I've pointed out repeatedly it doesn't work. The only reason to do it is because you like the idea of punishment through torture.
That's a false dilemma if ever I saw one. I guess you've given up on logic and reached straight for the logical fallacies. I think this ends this particular conversation.
"that's interesting, most people tend to suggest the milky way is the cause of most of the destruction in their life"
Haha I'd pay to etc
&gt;It's comparative to saying fascism "died" after WWII. Interesting. Who would you say is the liberal 'Hitler' and how many people did he kill to cause liberalism to die in 2017?
&gt;Similarly, Trump's really not that bad compared to some of the other bastards that have come to visit (Saudis etc.). Where were the protests then? I do agree with this sentiment - Saudis are much worse on a lot of levels. But that doesn't exactly invalidate the protests against Trump's actions, nor complaints about him. Trump represents something that is currently happening, right now, and of course that's going to gain more interest and momentum than an ongoing problem decades old. Equally people here feel closer to the US. They know about the US and we consume a large amount of their culture - of course people are going to feel more connected to problems there - especially when they are much more likely to affect us. I think there's also something missed in the 'Whataboutism', which is a vague sense that it's not a healthy debate where the apparent 'hypocrisy of the left' is exposed or discussed, but merely a way of saying "shut up". "Stop complaining". "Go away". Those who mention Saudi are not saying "Hey! We should all go protest those bad regimes in the middle east!" - it doesn't come across like they genuinely think Saudi's are THAT bad, so it doesn't sound genuine.
I'm not actually working on Titanic VR - but they're an awesome production team and I was the first backer of Titantic VR
Call of Duty on Titanic sounds cool. Resident Evil 8: Titanic. Let's do it!
People mean creatively. Money alone is a poor measure of success. Otherwise people would be proclaiming Konami as awesome for having such a thriving pachinko business rather than a flaming garbage pile that their games are becoming.
The fat guy might have been rich and the thin guy ugly.
But he would have killed all the fish in a 50 mile radius!
Genuinely surprised how great it was on almost every level. The trench fight was of course excellent but the subsequent fight in the buildings was better than the similar batman fight in bvs. Godot owned it, pine was full kirk, casting was perfect. The character development and slower scenes really stuck out as new in a dc movie. Hopefully justice league finds time for similar development. I hope Snyder was taking notes. Only down side was the now standard Fight Among Rubble on Strangely Flat and Empty Land. Suicide Squad didn't, but they chose the Sky Laser villain instead, which is worse. But even if the ww fight was a bit cg heavy it was also character led, so worked none the less.
Private fire department? Libertarians wondering how they can build a time machine and go back to ancient Rome.
University used to be 'free' didn't it?
So their degree was worth more and also free? Wow. Young people have kinda been screwed over on every front.
Did... Did she have sex with my dad?
Sounds like a stupid thing to shout. Islamic extremists are of course Muslim, at least they identify as such. But shouting 'Muslim cunts' is idiotic. It plays into the hands of islmaphobes but it also plays into the hands of the terrorists who want to divide society and create a war between Muslims and everyone else.
Not much about the film is particularly 'realistic', although the newer film is a bit more fantastical in some ways.
So you want to use the rhetoric that Islam is not 'acceptable', but that translates into less new buildings? I'm not sure what you think stopping new buildings will do other than piss off moderate Muslims and push others towards sympathy for extremists. I'd rather all faith schools be made non faith schools.
Had the opportunity to see an early version of this and I'm really happy it's been released - great work those guys!
We in Britain stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the US who are suffering at this awful time, and through the rest of his term in office.
I see... So it's a numbers thing. How many deaths does it take from Christian extremists before its acceptable to use the term 'fucking Christians'? If you think that's a stupid question, and it is, ask yourself why you feel that way.
&gt;There's plenty of documentaries about Islamic Extremist groups in the UK Sure... &gt;also documentaries about the mosques that teach these views. Ok. &gt;That would be the them. All of them? Ok... and now we round up everyone who has appeared in the documentary, regardless of their views. We deport them to... Syria? &gt;If they have radical views on how the government should be run instead of how it currently is, that would be my definition of them. So not everyone, just those with 'radical' views. Define 'radical'. Wait... if they have radical views on how the government is 'RUN' you want to deport them to Syria (or wherever)? So... you don't want to even deport them if they want to kill, you want to deport them if they want a 'radical' change in government? Does Republicanism count? Getting rid of the monarchy would be pretty radical. What about those who have not been caught on camera? How are you going to catch them?
&gt;if there was crazy Republicans that were attacking people That's not what you are saying. You're saying that people with 'radical views' should be deported, before they attack anyone. That's the point isn't it? To stop people being killed? How can you say 'if' they were attacking people before they are going to? What crystal ball are you working with? &gt;I'm not against any group of people who aren't trying to start a war Ok.... &gt;but you can't win a war by broad strokes and small steps that are even and fair and just when they will break all the rules and step around them. They who? It's that 'they' word again. As if it MEANS anything. &gt;I mean it would almost be like trying to pull weeds from a garden by just slowly spraying the entire garden with herbicide and not plucking the weeds out, that's kinda the approach now. What is the 'herbicide' in this metaphor? What do you want to DO? &gt;if there wasn't these random attacks I wouldn't care if a small percentage of Islam really wants to live in a different version of the country. You wouldn't care if they wanted to kill us all as long as they didn't do it? Or you think any muslim who wants the country to change in any way should be deported? &gt;The ones not caught on camera might be connecting other ways be it online or via group meetings offline. So... deport anyone who is 'connected' online to any of the muslims you are going to deport? &gt;I just find it slightly depressing that the current methods are letting some of them slip through the cracks. Depressing? It's fucking heart breaking. It's a tragedy that ANY attacks get through. You won't find anyone disagreeing with you. We all agree with you on that. I agree with that 100%, to be clear. We could live in a perfectly safe society. We would ban the internet, crack down on free speech, put military on every street and have a curfew. Zero freedoms for everyone. But that's not where we want to live I don't think.
Don't just be a dick and saunter away as if you're a patriotic hero. Explain exactly what you want to see happen.
Kevin actually finding her is like the happiest ending and most amount of closure the show can present.
Yawn... try to troll better, this was lazy, but also boring.
You want to deport anyone advocating sharia law?
You are equating the 2.7m muslims in the UK with nazis?
I got confused with replies and the 2.7m refers to the number of Muslims. I've no idea how many advocate for Sharia Law.
I'm surprised he didn't call them heretics.
Same back, my friend.
The ending was great and critics have a void in their soul and mind.
2 people at mine as I walked in. The poll workers.
He's pretty old. I hope this doesn't give him a stroke. Or a heart attack. Or he slips on a wet stair, falling not very far, but injuring himself and leaving him in chronic pain.
It's not a 'far' left platform.
We should absolutely have the discussion.
&gt;That is completely fair. I'm not sure you're aware what that 'completely' word means. It suggests that the fairness is 'complete' as in 100% fair. It's not. The vote of some people has more value than others on a national level, whether it's due to population differences or vote share of individual parties. &gt;When you say it is 'unfair', you really mean that it doesn't operate the way you think it should. When you say it is 'fair', you really mean that it operates the way you think it should. &gt;You are thinking about the whole country making decisions about the whole country, rather than local areas having different needs. The ruling party makes decisions about the whole country.
When a headline is a question the answer is almost always 'no'.
But I like my girls naughty. A cold chill ran up my spine.
Trump better hope there are no tapes.
"Now, meet your new mummy. She's from Norther Ireland, children. She has some strict, uh.... opinions about things, and we're going to try really hard to do as she says or else daddy may not be able to keep playing his adult money games."
Lol, people still think there will be another hl game.
How were they?
Wait, why are i7 more expensive if there's no difference. You'd think they'd run faster, but you're saying they run the same.
That's a strange graph. Do you have something with numbers?
Time travel in breeding.
"If we back out if playing Russian roulette all the other kids will call us pussies."
He will definitely feel turnip and rostrum on the country park.
&gt;don't think this series can ride of the coat tails of Ghibli's animation forever Well... doesn't seem to be any of their animation in this one, so I guess we'll see.
Spoken like someone with nothing to say.
Then why are you personally offended by my opinion?
I know it was an Egyptian statue, but it the four toes were set up as if they were an important detail, just as the missing film and glass eye were.
Wow, you genuinely can't have a discussion, can you.
I enjoyed the Leftovers, and I think they did a great job of telling the story. I have no problem enjoying something where I don't get every answer. My point is that this form of storytelling can be abused and many times in the past the mystery has been used a lure when the showmakers have no actual intention to answer the mystery and no actual idea what the answer is. In some cases, like the leftovers, that's fine, and it was a great show. But on a show like Battlestar or Lost it was used time and again with no idea by the show runners where the mystery would end up, leading to situations where viewers are left unsatisfied.
"It's gonna be fine guys! This is nothing! Once we leave it will be milk and honey! Just you wait! Well... maybe not milk and honey. But we will be leaving, and really isn't that more important than affordable food? Which is definitely not going to raise very much higher at all, because Brexit is no problem at all."
/r/notthedailymash
*cough* Norway *cough*
Brexit may be damaging in the long term as well as short. Scotland leaving the UK could also be very damaging for Scotland and yet there are people there invested in independence. There are significant unknowns, but it does seem we're leaving so obviously it would be ideal if it were to work out. But if it doesn't then I don't think it would be unfair to point at brexit as the cause, and I don't think brexiteers will be able to shield themselves from a few 'I told you so's' if things go badly.
These were the two titles that they needed to announce to show just how serious they were about the switch. And they did.
Not yet. If it bombs they might rethink that position.
I find it interesting how little effort those in power give to getting more houses built. It's almost as if they will directly benefit from continued high housing prices.
The dementia tax pissed off older retired folks, their base, as well.
Could be a guy holding a gun off screen. Or a girl. Or an angry, sentient plant.
Seems to be right. She blew off work commitments after getting wasted and didn't get in touch with anyone.
I mean... yes? Sorry to ask, but are you an alcoholic?
There's an insurance scam where people disable their brake lights and get people to hit them from behind. Presumably it's much harder with video evidence.
You do if you're a moron.
meesa jarjar binks!
But I've been constantly told since 5he vote that hard Brexit is the only deal and soft Brexit doesn't exist. Neither does Norway either I guess.
Under terrorism laws.
So you think they were justified? If so, you can fuck right off.
It's not racism necessarily, but it is bigotry. However the crossover between islmaphobia and racism is pretty significant so if people call islmaphobes racist they're probably right.
Most people don't mod and simply seeing the game in the headlines will remind them it exists and that they perhaps might get it.
This attacker wanted to stoke conflict and division, not end it.
Even the daily mail has started calling it one now.
I'm on the not-terrorist side.
Ah I see why there would be confusion.
Yet.
I think you're reading into his comment a bit too much. I presume he thinks that being sarcastic about a dead politician will lead people to think only negatively about Joe Cox, and some of that may be the assumption that Prasch might simply not give a fuck she died. &gt;That says more about your assumptions than him. That says more about your assumptions than him.
Might happen.
Bring what up?
I'm all for a referendum on the terms. I don't know why anyone would be against that.
John Carter was an inspiration to Sci fi for a century. Didn't make it a good film. The trailer worries me, and I was expressing am opinion that might be informative as to why people were down on the film.
You could have it at the north Irish coast. Unless I'm missing a politically charged issue or two.
A shit show? Yup.
It's what we voted for. Apparently?
One of your grandparents was a cow that fucked a pigeon.
Or the tories lies, right?
Seems they've lost their way a fair bit then.
You don't think both attacks have been condemned? You await the response of Diane Abbot on a subject so you know what the mood of the nation is?
We should ignore the man behind the curtain.
The camera guy?
We'll be greeted as liberators! Wait... wrong fiasco.
I don't think you've thought this through. But a cake, eat a slice and then put the rest in foil, or a nice Tupperware box. It'll stay fresh for a while and you can keep it as long as you want.
Giant insect people are going to come striding out of the fog, escorting people to a strange glowing pillar where, dressed in robes, they enter and emerge as angels, yet with no faces.
Wow, you're not joking. Sickening stuff.
Bannon looks like a Russian poisoning survivor.
They seem a bit needy.
Yeah, that works as well.
Even the tories can't destroy the NHS that quickly, but let's not be too loud about it or they might take it as a challenge.
I saw it a few hours ago. Very worth your money.
"I can change him. He's really sweet sometimes," said the battered housewife.
Some people are calling it the worst in the series, but there are those who have the alternative opinion that it might be the worst film on the series.
Bay hasn't cared about g1 since film 1.
The only possibility is post jedi to have someone take on the persona. You could imagine someone getting the armor and having to fake being Boba and then meeting the older Boba who becomes a mentor . It could be like batman beyond with bounty hunters.
Wait for this to be sold as the Brexit conditions for continued access to the free market.
Tankie?
Oh, hey, it's the Sun! I remember them. They're the ones who are[ still boycotted in Liverpool](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-merseyside-17113382) because of their bullshit back then. But I'm sure they've changed and are not abhorrent human beings any more. [Here they are bemoaning how ANYONE could be so shameless as to pretend to be a Grenfell victim](https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3843803/shameless-beggar-grenfell-tower-survivors/) in order to personally profit. That is pretty awful. Oh... wait... what's this? [The Sun pretending to be the friend of a victim](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/jun/16/sun-journalist-grenfell-tower-victim-hospital) in order to gain access to a hospital? Huh. But hey... they're not the worst. They're not the News of the World, shut down over hacking phones, including murder victim Milly Dowler. Well... [they've not been found guilty of hacking just yet at least.](https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/jun/13/owner-of-the-sun-forced-to-hand-over-invoices-before-new-hacking-trial). [Although they are guilty of providing pretty shitty 'life hacks'.](https://www.thesun.co.uk/topic/life-hacks/) But no, Sun, you tell us how Corbyn supporters are hard-leftists wanting to turn the country into Venezuela and how Capitalism is inherently flawless and should be immune from all criticism. Unless that's a reductionist, over-generalization of the Sun's opinion. I would not want to stray into the Sun's reductionist, over-generalization wheelhouse.
You are acting as if abortion is a black and white issue, which I think for you it is. For most people it's not "YAY ABORTION, LET'S ALL GET ONE!" It's about a pragmatic and humane reaction to the realities of human procreation and sexual health. The problem however is that many who are 'pro life' are also against safe sex and will oppose sex education and birth control. Which is odd, because if they REALLY wanted to reduce abortion they would support those measures which actively limit the need for abortion in the first place. I appreciate you yourself don't view abortion as 'compassionate' towards the fetus, but you seem to be ignoring compassion to those who require an abortion. Again, that's your call, but don't go accusing people of 'not knowing' what compassion is when you simply disagree with them. It is what is known in most cultures as a 'dick move'.
We weren't massively keen on Bush2, but while many might have disliked him I don't think any US politician has been quite so as unpopular in the UK as Trump. It's impressive really.
&gt; that's because it is. For you. How do you feel about a rape victim and is forced to bear their rapists child? Do you feel no compassion for them? &gt;That's like knocking down a house so that it doesn't get destroyed by house fire. What is? What's the 'fire' in this metaphor and what is the 'house'?
In what respect?
As a symettra main: no, blizzard. Don't.
That's the joke.
Why would you thrift such a specific number?
Are they the same people who claim its safer to drive without a belt?
May was later quoted as saying, "The government has commited to a number of measures in order to complete certain things, yet on others we have either no commitement made or are considering which comitment to undertake. While many people will be concerned with the state of affairs, others are not, and while we appreciate some may have things to say about other things, we are of course open to what may or may not happen. I've been asked if I am have anything to say of the things that have come to pass, and I may do. Or I may not."
Yup. That's a poster.
"This quote could be seen as serious, but we have to bear in mind the very serious reality that some people do not see it as serious and work with that in mind", Theresa May
Better.
So... Clad the concrete in bricks?
I guess I'm late...
Just make sure they're not flammable.
How does one Instagram model? No... Wait. I don't care.
No, no, it sucks for more than just Americans.
Of course, because it takes longer for the boats to sail there.
Norway over there, looking mighty confused.
350m times a week. Oh sorry, that wasn't a lie. It was a suggestion.
So I guess it doesn't concern me.
You wouldn't see May doing this. Or anything really. I don't think she likes people or being seen by them.
No, no, this is Reddit. It's a different site.
He's not the messiah? Well I'm DEFINITELY going to vote Tory next time! /s
For the small percentage who get in...
&gt;We can't give everyone the exact same chance. So... best not to try? &gt;grammar schools can be much better than comprehensiv For a small minority at the expense of a majority.
And he never once danced on the edge of a rooftop.
Original as in adapted?
"Hey, I got Brexit to happen. What more do you want?"
-16bit console, but the menu graphics look too high res. -Body swap 'comedy'. -Character clearly not going to die, even though fallen from 100ft and eaten by hippo, completely destroying any sense of danger that the first film was able to generate. -"This skimpy costume is too revealing to be practical! By saying this we get to have our cake and eat it too." -Shot in the same locations as Lost, because the producers couldn't think of any other location. -Motorbike... gang... chase? Because nothing says 'Jumanji' more than motorbike gang chases. With explosions. And flamethrowers. -Glowy Egg McGuffin. Because it can't just be about the characters trying to escape and overcoming personal challenges. It needs a glowy egg. -"You know that CGI dinosaur chase from King Kong? Let's do that, but with a helecopter." -Filmed called 'Welcome to the Jungle' after rock song so that they can use song in the trailer.
It has a story? That's not what the trailer promised!
