He was the GOAT when he was playing but wouldn't hold a candle to today's players.
So then he's not the GOAT.
[???????????????](http://i.imgur.com/evPxdPs.png)
If, at the end of the season, the Twins have a top 10 record, I will buy you breakfast. No, really, I will put $15 in a PayPal account of your choice if the Twins have a top 10 record at the end of the 2015 season.
Yeah I went there this past winter actually, my girlfriend is scared of heights and I basically didn't get to enjoy it
No not really, the only times I'm violent are when the Dbacks are losing, really
Well at least Goldy isn't like 5th
He had a great April but has been pretty so-so since then. Goldschmidt has only been getting better as the season's gone on.
E
Jk bb sorry for bein aggressive
Almost as clutch as Ryan Roberts' walk-off grand slam against the Dodgers a few years ago
He's gotta be leading baseball in IBB right?
Beautiful swings by Trumbo
I love jokes from 2013. Tell me more about this Harlem Shake thing
REJOICE! REJOICE GOD'S EARS ARE STITCHES
Remember when we took that series from you earlier this year?
Stoked to see what Ray can do with an opportunity like this
We look like a minor league baseball team. "D-backs" across the chest in an extreme font? It's ridiculous. We need a total revamp.
I just can't help but feel sorry for the people like you; the life you must live has got to suck for you to be so ignorant and spiteful.
You know, you can say original stuff on reddit. You don't just have to regurgitate memes in every comment you make.
Because we're the Diamondbacks
01001001 00100000 01000001 01110011 01101011 01001010 01100101 01100101 01110110 01100101 01110011 00101101 01100101 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110100
Swanson...I don't know how to feel
Well ok. choo choo
And later owned the Very Good Building Company, which, from what I hear, is a very good company to own.
According to [Baseball Prospectus' Adjusted Standings](http://www.baseballprospectus.com/standings/index.php?standings_sort=pct3&amp;dispgroup=all&amp;submit=Go), if you adjust for underlying statistics (like run differential) and quality of opponents, the Twins are the 27th best team in MLB. The Twins have won about 9 more games than they really should have.
Why do you care
ur lame honeslty
Fun fact: Since the start of last season, AJ Pollock (6.9) trails only Mike Trout (7.1) in WAR/600, min 400 PA.
I mean, Joc Pederson is starting in the ASG this year...
I quoted a tweet I saw. I'm on my phone but will source later
"And Curry misses a close one"
Hahahahahaha this is amazing
Why are you banned from /r/Padres?
Hard to say. They're both top 2
No
I forgot about that. That came out right after he was traded, so I didn't really read too much into it.
My buddy met him (he worked at a car rental place) and said he wasn't a very nice dude
I know, and it's unfair for me to trash Greinke based off of what a friend said about meeting him. Supposedly his wife was very nice though.
But...but..he's black and opinionated!
You can probably have Addison Reed for free
Is he healthy? Just a bad day? That's unbelievable
Hey guys. Haven't been around for a while but I don't have anything going on tonight
Any of you guys playing the Witcher?
SHUT UP BERT
I mean, I stopped playing video games almost altogether for a few years, and the Witcher has had me playing hours at a time, a few times a week since I got it. It's good stuff. It's like mixing Oblivion and Red Dead: Redemption
MadBum's delivery is so rough on baserunners, it's not fair
Ender! Beef! Runs!
Why do we spend so much time talking about how well guys hit in the 4-spot vs. other spots in the lineup? Does it really matter at all?
I know, I just don't get this fixation as if players suddenly just...become better hitters when they're placed in the 4-spot.
Nice hands Craw
Well would you have liked Ahmed up with the bases loaded?
We generally have a good chance when Anderson is on the mound
Ahmed's butthole puckered so hard
There was a KFC directly next door. Maybe I should have hit all three. The "sustenance that kills you" Triple Crown
Now MadBum is gonna homer, good job
I'm just trying to reverse psychology the baseball gods bruddah
It's kind of refreshing, they take a pretty new-school approach to...basically everything
3 rings and 4 no-hitters (including a perfect game) since the turn of the decade are you fucking kidding me
I'll take a 1-0 victory behind a no-no I just know better. I might as well gather some pillows to cry into tonight
Kind of relieved, didn't wanna see Chase throw 120 pitches. His thing used to be that he couldn't stay healthy
http://i.imgur.com/vhagUYI.jpg
Great, so we're gonna lose the game like this
What a good AB by Lamb
eh you're right that was dumb
Put in work
I had you guys in the Series vs the Nationals...I still think it could happen
Looks much better honestly
D-backs ranker, tell me anything
Well that's weird, not sure I've ever looked forward to seeing my team lose a game
This joke is not ~~that fucking~~ funny
[Paul Goldschmidt prepared my gyro](http://i.imgur.com/p5Jj9e0.jpg)
Dat MLB The Show line
I don't want to comment on how good this game is because I'm pretty superstitious about baseball
ayyyyasmany tolmaos
Cliff Pennington is a better outfielder than Mark Trumbo ever was
I would bet $2,000,000 that we'll see Hernandez sometime this game.
I think you're watching the same television program I am
David is still one of my favorite dudes, a relic from the 2011 team. He still brings that heat!
"I think the first pitch should be right down the middle"
Classic
Fuck conventional wisdom Walk this fucker
Addison Reed's butthole broke mach speed
Have a ballgame Cliff haha. Remember the National League, Albert?
SUMMER!
Funny, because when we made that 3-team trade with the Tigers and Yankees, most people were saying that we got the worst return of the deal. I'd say we probably won the trade pretty handily, but only time will tell. We also still have to see how Domingo Leyba turns out.
hi
Bummer, Pollock isn't even a top-15 outfield vote-getter :/
You know he has more money than you, right? If he wanted a Galaxy...he'd probably not be using an iPhone.
Then it's Goldy and not even debatable
Nobody talks about how lucky we are to be watching this guy. Truly an all-time great, regardless of the steroids thing.
But if there
O
What the fuck dude? Are you kidding me? Not happy about this
Luis Gonzalez World Series walk-off.jpg I'm at work if someone wants to help a cousin out
I want to vomit
The Dodgers are/were assholes for celebrating in our pool in 2013, moreso for pissing in it and bragging about it
Sure, and Nick Ahmed will point at the scoreboard. If we're talking about this year, and if we believe that Fangraphs' defensive metrics are reliable, then Nick Ahmed &gt; Andrelton Simmons
Joaquin Arias or Willie Bloomquist
&gt;I ain't got no motherfuckin friends? That's why I fucked your bitch, you fat motherfucker
Probably. Not sure
&gt;[La Russa] makes no promises about when Arizona will play in October, but says they’re “a lot closer than most people think” and that they need the payroll flexibility in order to add “a couple of pieces.” LaRussa never said "win now." Edit: Also, we're doing a lot better than most people thought we would (we're basically a .500 team), and have a pretty strong youth movement going on right now. Seriously, look at the roster and farm system (which would admittedly be much better with Toussaint). It should only get better from here for D-backs fans.
Hey! But my favorite team's player!
I think O'brien gets traded
I don't think you have any idea of what you're talking about. You're saying the Diamondbacks are **5-7 years** away from competing, yet the Diamondbacks' win percentage is 0.014 worse than that of the Mets. Even better, the Diamondbacks haven't lost 5 games straight.
Ok? What was the joke?
I mean the idea of a goat curse is pretty funny, let's be honest here
I'd definitely smoke with Bruce Lee and Tim Lincecum
What is that tan jacket you're always wearing in Parks and Rec? I want it
I said it must beeeeeeee
I remember when he was just a toss-in in that big Shields trade. Funny how things like this can happen. Good write-up, /u/swedishfish007
Hey, thanks for this.
Cool
1. Berate the Cardinals on /r/baseball's weekly power rankings 2. Matt Carpenter's little brother, an avid subscriber of /r/Cardinals, /r/BirdsWithArms and /r/GoneWild, is linked to this post from the Cardinals subreddit 3. Matt Carpenter's little brother sees that someone ranked the Cardinals outside of 1st on the power rankings 4. Matt Carpenter's little brother texts Matt Carpenter about this, who in turn informs Mike Matheny and his teammates 5. The Cardinals collectively lose all self-esteem, become disillusioned and freefall in the standings, limping into a playoff spot as the seasons change 6. The Dodgers **FINALLY** beat the Cardinals in the playoffs
You know there are 3rd party camera apps on the App Store, right? They have "all the cool features," I promise you.
2 runs on the board disagree. Maybe Dodger fans shouldn't reach over and they won't have to throw it back
He threw it back tho? Didn't he? Edit: [Yep](http://i.imgur.com/DrUJIaw.jpg)
Yikes
u look like a reliever bitch
For all you know that could have been me
**YOU HAVE AN IPHONE. GET AN UBER. THERE'S NOT AN EXCUSE FOR DRUNK DRIVING.** I'm sorry for your loss, OP. He looks so young. He never got the chance to grow into the man he would have been, but at least the short life he did have was one graced by good friends like yourself, and like the rest of his teammates.
It's the other Missourians who enjoy the smell of their own farts
You just might be right. On the other hand, I've been watching baseball long enough to have seen clubhouse toxicity manifest itself on the field.
Well, Jose Fernandez is 22 and doesn't really seem to be a jackass whose teammates don't like him
Fernandez went to high school in the U.S.? I didn't realize that
Yeah but this is Reddit where white folks gotta always talk about reverse racism
You're 100% wrong dude
Seriously though. Are you really unaware of the "light-skinned" / "dark-skinned" dynamic in the black community? Don't double down on your ignorance dude
That light skinned dudes are afraid to be physical and drive to the rim because they're soft
Yeah it's a 24/7 bitch fest in here. Gamers are so entitled. It's a free game, guys. Just uninstall it and move on
What a stupid title
Any chance this will take him through the rest of his career? A lifetime Royal, getting them their first ring in decades. Nice.
What are you talking about dude he didn't like it at all
It's not really a whoosh if it's not funny. He's just trying to mislead people who came to the comments without watching the video
Where is the post pointing out that fact? I don't see it anywhere.
That's a pretty dumb theory
Yes, it is a theory, and one that says he committed premeditated murder and risked life in prison or the death penalty to "look hard." I mean that's pretty dumb
gtfo with that reddit shit
Maybe someone knew he was going to get in regardless and wanted to use his/her vote for someone who could use the extra votes
How would that be useful, except for you to cherry pick statistics to back up your pro-gun arguments?
Wow. The rhetoric on this website is absolutely insane. I can't believe how far we've fallen over the past few years.
I just don't see how "size of country" is more important than "degree of similarity of country to the United States." Seems pretty straightforward that the United States is more similar in crime and socioeconomic health to the U.K., Germany, Japan, or Spain than to Brazil or Mexico.
Why would one exclude the areas of the country with gang problems? Are we comparing our gun violence to other countries, save for their areas with gang problems?
Those cities don't exist in a vacuum. The problems in those cities exist as a result of laws that affect the whole country. Gun control isn't a panacea, but the idea is that making an effort to make it harder for criminals to obtain guns and use them for violence is better than doing nothing at all. Also, what do you suggest can be done about gang problems that isn't already being done? The funny thing is that the people who are trying to institute some sort of gun control are the same people who are trying to combat the root of crime--poverty and lack of education. It's liberals who are trying to empower the middle class, who are trying to reduce the chasm between the poor and the rich.
Piazza is one letter away from pizza, and pizza is synonymous with New York
Well there was a decent (but in my opinion not sufficient) argument for Randy to wear the M. Ichiro will wear the M. If Edgar gets in, he'll wear the M. Edit: I'm dumb, because the Mariners logo is an S, not an M.
Oh shit. Duh
Yup. Such an underrated logo
Well at least it's January, which is pretty close to February, which is only a month away from March?
Agreed. It would be pretty hard for anyone to top what he did as a Mariner, and he went and did it in Arizona after age 35. wtf
Oh reddit
I don't want Parra in my division :(
Still love you Parra, hope you turn this into a fat contract helped by your Coors numbers
How do you know if someone's an engineer? ...
Why
Can someone explain the nose to me
I can see where you're coming from, but...it's not really the same thing. Trump has been pretty careful in seeming "not careful," saying lot of antagonistic things along the way. A lot of the stuff he's said doesn't need to be taken out of context to be appalling, but his fanbase loves it, so he doesn't really have much of a reason to stop.
Nah dude I love that shit
Even considering the context of this comment, most of your trade ideas are ridiculous
Nah dude. For some reason I'm still subscribed to /r/worldnews, and I'd say at least 3/4 of what shows up on my front page from that subreddit is anti-Islam rhetoric. Like, yeah, there are some valid points being made, but when it appears to be an obsession...
The comments in here are absolutely sickening
No I haven't if I'm being honest
It's gonna happen eventually, and it's gonna suck. This is probably the opposite of what most would expect, but I find AL baseball to be really boring to watch.
When the Cubs win the World Series this year he'll certainly be vaulted into superstardom
Damn I'm walking my dog and had to pick up his shit before I could reply
All you're telling me is I'd have more time to charge up my sweet chin music
No apostrophe
Wow you're annoying
Explain your reasoning and please be specific
So how would one prevent tyranny of the majority in your direct democracy?
I absolutely do know the difference, and I understand why a direct democracy is both practically impossible and a really bad idea
Ok?
We've also never had government run by toddlers; I guess by your logic, there's no way of knowing if it's a bad idea unless we try it out, right? Seriously dude, it's political science 101. What do you do when the majority wants to trample on the rights of the minorities? Who writes laws in a direct democracy? What do you do about uneducated voters? What do you do about nuanced issues that aren't as black-and-white as "should slavery be legal"?
I think he understands perfectly that AJ Preller isn't a good GM
I give up, you're obviously not going to get it
Jesus look at this website. "How nonwhite invaders are lying their way into Germany"
Why did you turn his black hands into white hands
Hahaha
There's this thing called the [burden of proof](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophic_burden_of_proof): &gt; When two parties are in a discussion and one asserts a claim that the other disputes, the one who asserts has a burden of proof to justify or substantiate that claim. And I did explain my reasoning further down
If you want me to lose my cool we can talk about baseball
Uh where does he say that? He never even mentions the BLM movement
Yeah, and maybe the default subreddits wouldn't be stormfront newsletters like they are now
These opt-outs are getting out of control
One of my favorite Kanye tracks
Diamondbacks
That was actually something that was talked about even amongst D-backs fans when Kevin Towers was at the helm. I don't know if the theory actually held any water, but trading Justin Upton for supposedly being lazy...and then stockpiling the "gritty" white guys...it didn't help.
You should listen to some Gucci
idk if you've ever heard [black player] speak, but he's really well-spoken and articulate
[RG3; Cam; Luck](https://gfycat.com/SnarlingUnrulyAntipodesgreenparakeet)
I love when people talk like this, as if having a gun is going to somehow stop the government from...what, exactly? What are you and yer gunz going to do?
Fire looks fake
"Coaching record" usually doesn't refer to win percentage, but a coach's actual wins and losses.
Moronic. Wasted vote. This subreddit has people completely brainwashed. I'm voting for Bernie, but Hillary &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Trump. Not even close.
Yeah wRC+ compares a player to the rest of the league. Babe Ruth was playing a bunch of dudes with offseason jobs and never played a black guy or saw a slider
Because you're comparing wRC+ between two players who played three quarters of a century apart
theil*
Yes, that's what I said, and that's what wRC+ means. Babe Ruth was relatively good. But I personally think he'd get embarrassed today
Any time a video is posted on reddit in which a woman opens her mouth, the top comment is always going to be somebody complaining about it
People have really jumped the shark in this subreddit This comment would look right at home on a Stormfront forum
I'm sorry, I'm not going to lower myself to hating an entire group of people like the rest of this subreddit.
Oh god oh god I have a chance to speak directly to someone from the greatest TV show of all time What was the hardest scene to film without laughing and ruining it? How did Meredith's PhD in child psychology coincide with her son turning into a stripper with a face tattoo?
I'm still holding out hope. He wasn't in shape and hadn't played baseball for over a year when he came into camp last season.
Ok, thanks
Oh yeah well I bet you're not even a real bear
I agree. Maybe it's a little "nanny state"-y, but I just don't think kids need to be around adults doing drugs, much less their idols doing drugs. Yeah, alcohol is bad, too, but everybody is going to drink and decide on their own whether or not they like it. Most people don't touch tobacco these days, because of a concerted effort to expose how bad it is for you.
How's that being dramatic?
I can't control what you infer from my comments, but tobacco (nicotine) is literally a dangerous, addictive drug. I don't need to dramatize anything for that to be true.
Alcohol is definitely a drug, yes
You're going to eat anyway, necessarily, and most of what people eat these days isn't healthy. You're not going to use some other type of drug if you don't use tobacco, necessarily.
Should teachers be able to chew tobacco during school? It's the same argument dude. This is the most microscopic version of the government trampling on your rights. It's just common sense.
So you'd be upset if they outlawed tobacco use at daycares
Cities make laws that outlaw tobacco and other drugs all the time. Restaurants in Arizona don't have smoking sections anymore. The city council of LA obviously thinks it's worthwhile trying to prevent children from using tobacco. That's why you shouldn't be able to, apparently. If you want to buy advertisement space on TV for tobacco products, why shouldn't you be able to? Because the government is trying to prevent kids from using tobacco.
Slippery slope much?
In this subreddit whenever white people are made fun of
No I actually physically turn into this subreddit whenever anyone makes fun of white people, it's really strange
Basically any of this conversation but honestly I don't care to continue it so let's just table it for now ok?
Oh ok yeah I'm on my phone and couldn't do it right but I decided not to comment because I didn't feel like arguing with the entire subreddit today
Kind of a negative spin on my opinion on the trade but thanks for your evaluation
DM;3WS
And too busy learning about homonyms
Nice
I'm still pissed off at Pharrell because of Happy but this is really good
No we're not. Go into any thread about refugees or BLM (or black people in general) or feminism. It's disgusting. Of course, Reddit just tells you not to be so sensitive, not to be such a PC social justice warrior. But say one bad thing about white people or men's rights...
Yeah guys Kanye needs manufactured drama to sell albums, and he recruited Wiz Khalifa's help to do it... That's dumb
Jeeze we couldn't have matched that? Dickerson would have looked good in our outfield in place of Yasmany
This website is full-on anti-Islam
I think that's kind of crazy but I also think that Turner is better than most people expect. Or at least, he has been for the last couple of years. Here's hoping he falls off a cliff now though :)
Reddit before the Digg exodus
Really depends. Owings will be further removed from his awful shoulder injury, so there's a chance he gets back to his old form. We also have Brandon Drury, but he'll be a rookie and there's no telling how he'll do in the bigs.
Jake Lamb puts up &gt;4 WAR
Well at least they don't get another draft pick
Well we have Chris Owings, Phil Gosselin, and Brandon Drury (my favorite to win the starting job). Hopefully one of those guys pans out.
Why were you at -1 for asking this?
He had one of the best changeups in baseball for a little while
Doubtful but he was definitely interesting, like I said.
So stupid. Just because he's realistic and pragmatic doesn't mean he's not a liberal. Everyone feeling the Bern is going to be sorely disappointed if he wins.
I'm voting for Bernie. I've just been around the block once or twice.
Speaking as someone who voted for Obama twice, I'm not disappointed at all.
you know i didn't make this image right
Oh shit How's this work?
They're not going to switch to Sanders dude
So do you guys think it would have been such if replay review had existed?
Haha I remember I got downvoted like crazy a couple months back for suggesting this guy was on the juice again https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/4atqxw/ken_rosenthal_on_twitter_source_indians_signing/d13dgho
Is there one of someone hanging himself? I'd choose that one
I just can't see how it could be anyone else. Maybe Dexter Fowler?
Edison Volquez isn't 38
I didn't say he was very likely on steroids. I said he was more likely than other players to be using steroids.
I think people have been upvoting me today with this news coming out. Not that it matters at all
He's been negative for a bit now
Is there an emoji for lack of surprise
&gt; Today, I have accepted a 1 year suspension by Major League Baseball. &gt;Recently, I was notified that I had tested positive for Ipamorelin, a peptide prohibited by the JDA. In 2012, I tested positive for the medication Tamoxifen, which I was using on the advice of a physician for a medical condition resulting from surgery, and I accepted my suspension without challenge. Since that time, I have paid close attention to the substances that are banned by the Joint Drug Agreement, as I had no intention of taking any banned substances. I relied upon a medical professional for assistance and advice with respect to the supplements that I was taking. &gt;However, certain supplements I was taking were not on the NSF Certified for Sport list, and therefore, I assumed certain risks in taking them. When I learned that I had tested positive for Ipamorelin, I retained the services of private counsel and an independent chemist to determine the origin of the Ipamorelin test result because I never knowingly ingested Ipamorelin. After an extensive investigation by my lawyers and an independent chemist, it was concluded that the most likely source of Ipamorelin was a tainted supplement. &gt;I alone am responsible for what I put in my body, and therefore, I have decided for forgo my right to an appeal in this matter and accept the suspension. I apologize for any harm this has caused the Cleveland Indians, Indians’ fans, my teammates, and most importantly, my family.
🆗🆗🆗🆒🆒🆒🆒🆒🆗🆗 :)
2008 was worse between the candidates, but Bernie has still been negative, and his online supporters are the worst thing ever. Well, not as bad as Trump's, but in the same realm.
Well, I don't think there's a clear consensus, especially when fracking lacks proper regulation. But I think fracking has the potential to be much cleaner and safer than coal, which is why Hillary supports it in transition away from coal.
Well duh
His campaign's literal last hope is winning California and he hasn't thought about even the beginning of a solution to one of the state's biggest problems?
Best: Dave Stewart, Tony La Russa, Mike Butcher, Chip Hale fired Worst: Goldschmidt injured
Gerardo Parra &lt;3
Love this logic. So if Hillary went out to one of her rallies and said Bernie was a commie sympathizer who was a deadbeat before becoming a politician and who wrote about rape fantasy as a grown man, that wouldn't be negative, right? Because she'd only be stating facts?
http://i.imgur.com/MzoOx2G.jpg
Yes, as long as Ken Kendrick doesn't just hire more of the same kind of guys
http://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/4m4674/foo/d3seda6
[dude look like ](http://i.imgur.com/q98CgSx.jpg)
Life is pain
Hahaha yeah the Hillary cult that's all over /r/politics
Pretty sure I heard on the 538 podcast that Hillary would still have more votes if every primary was open
Bernie supporters think browsing /r/politics makes them informed
"Guys 538 is just biased. The only non-biased sources are the ones who tell us what we want to hear."
You're just saying stuff. How about you specifically point to clear bias with some sources?
"Has been called out multiple times" Boy nice specificity, nice reputable sources you got there
You got me there
The DATA was never biased. They just said they thought Trump would fall off despite his early success. Does having an opinion mean you're biased? Making an educated guess?
No. They weren't "biased", in that they skewed their data to make Trump look worse than he was, they made an educated guess and were wrong. And the crux of this whole thing is that DATA shows Hillary would still be mopping the floor with Bernie with all open primaries.
The Young Turks...Counterpunch... Tell me more about 538's bias lol
Data isn't propaganda. Data can be skewed and used in propaganda, but that's clearly not what's happening in 538's models. Anyway, we can argue semantics all day, but Hillary would still be winning handily if every primary were open.
Okay, good thing 538 is universally recognized as a reputable source for polling data, and good thing Nate Silver is famous for accurately predicting election outcomes.
No it's not. They presented the data, and said "Hey based on common sense, this probably won't continue." If that's bias that means 538 hasn't any credibility anymore, then I don't know what to tell you.
We didn't "just go over this," and you can't link me to a website that doesn't even try to hide its clear bias in favor of Bernie to prove that one of the most reputable websites around is biased. Especially when it has typos in the 2nd paragraph.
I mean I'm not against the shift, but saying that it's an evolution of the game isn't a good defense
Well randy Newman sucks
All the smart people get their news from /r/politics and The Young Turks' YouTube channel
Never played against a black guy
Don't really watch much TV and get most of what I want from Netflix, Hulu, and an MLB.TV subscription
Haha ummmm what? What's your definition of variety? Nothing gets upvoted here unless it's explicitly pro-Bernie and/or anti-Hillary. It's an echo chamber to the most extreme extent, and anybody who dares disagree with the narrative around here is not welcome. I was a Bernie supporter earlier in the election cycle, and switched to Hillary's camp because of my own independent analysis of the candidates. Now I'm suddenly a brainwashed shill because I, gasp, go against the great Reddit hivemind. It's ridiculous.
When it became clear to me that, in my opinion at least, Bernie lacks the specific and in-depth policy knowledge that I think someone should have to be POTUS. All he can do is repeat his stupid speech, speak in platitudes, whine about corruption and the 1%. Did you see the NY debate? I think that's what really pushed me over the edge. Each candidate embarrassed themselves in their own right--for Hillary, it was her awful answers about her stupid speech transcripts, but for Bernie it was his awful answers about anything having to do with specific policies and solutions. They asked both candidates about breaking up the big banks and the contrast between the two was appalling. Hillary cited court cases and nuanced policy knowledge to explain what she would do, Bernie said "the big banks should break themselves up." He should have been embarrassed.
The NY Daily News interview wasn't "debunked." It was an awful interview for him no matter how you slice it. He speaks on specifics? Boy you wouldn't know it by the same freaking stump speech he gives any time someone puts a microphone in front of his face, including at debates. She wasn't disrespectful at the NY debate at all, and she certainly didn't play dirty. He's he one who totally misrepresented her position on minimum wage, said she was bought by corporations and then balked when pressed for specifics. And nothing was to her detriment, buddy, because she's wiping the floor with him. Obviously we disagree, and there's no changing that, but what gets me is that you'll go on thinking you're 100% right and I'm 100% wrong. That's the attitude around here--that anyone who dares disagree with Bernie is a bought-and-paid-for moron, and it's incredibly frustrating.
Can you imagine being that good at anything
Dam son
I buy basically every pro version of every Reddit app, if yours is as good as it seems I'll do the same and make a donation! Thank you!
Count on it
Why are you upset
It's only game
ALL YOU PEOPLE ARE GENERALLY PRETTY NICE
not at all
That's a stupid question, he couldn't. I'm sure he would have though, based off of the (false) information Congress was given and based off of the will of the constituencies.
Hmm
More troops to combat ISIS =/= 200,000 troops to invade Iraq
He was a state senator in 2002. As much as I love Obama and as much as the Iraq War was obviously a terrible idea, I have my doubts he would have voted against it if he were a US congressman.
The two strategies aren't mutually exclusive
Mean birds tho
Don't let /r/politics form all of your opinions for you http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/hillary-clinton-was-liberal-hillary-clinton-is-liberal/ http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/may/12/hillary-clinton-more-liberal-than-obama-as-senator/?page=all
["Hillary Clinton is a hardcore liberal"](http://www.ontheissues.org/Hillary_Clinton.htm)
Uh ok?
["Hillary Clinton is a hardcore liberal"](http://www.ontheissues.org/Hillary_Clinton.htm)
["Hillary Clinton is a hardcore liberal"](http://www.ontheissues.org/Hillary_Clinton.htm)
Haha ok buddy
&gt;Why did she vote for the Iraq war? She made the same mistake everyone else did based off of bad information and the will of her constituency &gt;Why did she vote for NAFTA, and speak in favor of the TPP? NAFTA is almost universally agreed upon by economists to be a net positive for the US and world economies. She spoke in favor of TPP as part of Obama's administration, as she should have. &gt;Why doesn't she oppose fracking? Because when properly regulated, fracking is significantly cleaner than coal, and energy has to come from somewhere while we get off of coal &gt;Why doesn't she support finance reform? Assuming you mean campaign finance reform, she does &gt;Why doesn't she support universal healthcare anymore? She does &gt;Why is she courting Republican mega-donors that are renown Bush supporters? Because it's a smart thing to do to win an election &gt;Why did she back down on her stance on the 2001 Bankruptcy bill? Because provisions were stripped from the 2001 version of the bill she supported &gt;Why doesn't she support a $15/hr minimum wage? She does, just not on the national level. $15/hr isn't inherently more liberal than $12/hr, and hers is the correct position. &gt;Why doesn't she have any plans for paid family leave? She does &gt;Why does she support more war and intervention? Because ISIS is a real threat that the next president, regardless of who it is, will have to deal with &gt;Why doesn't she oppose corporate welfare? She does &gt;Why did it take until 2013 to support gay marriage? Probably because it wasn't politically popular. Same reason Bernie only supported civil unions until fairly recently &gt;Why did she oppose labor unions as a member of the Walmart board? Not sure, which is a legitimate gripe. A possible answer was that she was focused on women's issues as a member of the board (which was basically the only reason she was there), and only had so much capital that she didn't want to waste on the union issue &gt;Why doesn't she support re-scheduling of Marijuana? She does
Speaking as a Latino living in Arizona, I don't think you have any idea what you're talking about lol
And that sentiment is held by the Latino population? Not in my experience
Lamb Chop wwwwwowww
Haha Edwin Escobar
Godley is pretty bad too
We deserve this. Bloop single fell between three fielders, god dammit, and Escobar you shouldn't give up a stinger to the fucking pitcher even if you got a bad break by it hitting the bag. And now Chip is bringing in Delgado! Wow. See you guys tomorrow.
I don't even look forward to the games anymore. I watch them or listen to them, but usually as a secondary thing to whatever else I wanna do
I'm gonna be pissed if SD gets a good prospect out of this
Why is that in quotes? She didn't say that. The actual quote: "I will be the nominee for my party, Chris. That is already done, in effect. There is no way that I won’t be."
Bernie has disastrous NY Daily News interview: "Guys NY Daily News is a worthless rag, who cares what they have to say" Misleading headline about someone who's not even running for president: "To the front page with this!"
My friends got me a Louisville slugger with the Dbacks logo and my name engraved on it, signed by Goldy. Since then it's been signed by 7 or 8 other Dbacks. [Photo](http://i.imgur.com/SoRA3x3.jpg)
It was my two baseball buddies. And last summer one of them flew the other two of us to NY to see Randy's HoF induction and a weeklong baseball trip...I'm a lucky dude
No, not a secret service agent.
Kolten Wong was a super stud in my OOTP franchise, Cardinals will surely regret this
I use Baseball Prospectus' adjusted standings in my rankings and they don't like the Rangers much
Hey, I'm the ranker who is a fan of the Diamondbacks Let it be known that you're welcome to ask me questions of any sort
I mean yes, I do take actual standings into consideration, and more so as the season goes on. But for me, power rankings are where I think teams will be after the last game of the season.
I'm sorry I did that to you
Maybe if people in my life read the funny things I wrote on the internet they wouldn't all hate me
Brett "Alex Rodriguez" Lawrie tho
Just a bunch of conspiracy theories
But guys. Bernie Bros aren't a real thing.
Well considering Hillary is winning by huge margins by both pledged delegates and the popular vote.......
For point A, are you talking about the 2016 campaign?
Which wouldn't matter anyway
It wouldn't matter if Bernie won though...that's the point...
Teed off on that shit
http://mlb.mlb.com/r/video?content_id=783819483 Help me out bot
He's high as a Georgia pine, just like his ERA
Thx
Haha you're so cute with your Crooked Hillary thing A loss in CA isn't going to highlight anything, and regardless of whether or not she appears a "week" choice, the voters have already chosen her resoundingly to represent the Democrats in the general election
All those disappointed Dodgers fans...music to my ears
You can infer whatever you want, she won resoundingly in that it really wasn't even close. Bernie fought a good fight, did way more than anyone ever expected, and he deserves kudos and respect for his campaign. But Hillary still mopped the floor with him, all things considered. And...yeah, catachrestic, that's definitely not a word that people only ever use when they're trying to sound smart on the internet. Not at all
I'd say a lead of &gt;300 pledged delegates, almost all of the super delegates, and &gt;3,000,000 popular votes is resounding. But you can work with whatever definition of "resounding" that makes you feel better The public doesn't like Hillary, and the polls prove it! Except for, you know, all the votes that nominated her and the polls that show her beating Trump...
Oh you're right, obviously that definition makes more sense than the one I'm using It's a good thing you get to choose the meanings of the words I use, and not me. That was almost embarrassing
How are you not getting it It doesn't matter if people's disdain toward "socialism" is right or if it's warranted. It matters that it exists regardless of your opinion on it, and that would hurt Sanders as a front runner.
I think you're significantly overestimating how much the average American actually knows about Bernie Sanders. I'm 24 and a Redditor. You're a Redditor. Obviously we know what he's all about. My parents, though? No idea.
So you have to be politically informed to cast a vote for a candidate? Come on man, I understand where you're coming from but I think you're being disingenuous right now. If Bernie was the nominee, all Trump would have to is play that "Yes, I will raise taxes" sound clip ad nauseam and it would be game over
Everything's a conspiracy when it doesn't go your guys' way
"Fact"
Aww haha
&gt;Big Money calls race for Big Money's candidate. What a way to ensure party unity. Oh yeah, nothing but facts there &gt;Bernie is still going to dust HRC in CA. All the way to the convention. I mean do I even need to comment on this one
I'm sure the big corporations certainly don't want Bernie to win, you're right there. That doesn't mean that Hillary is "Big Money's candidate."
Can't think of any
Employees of particular companies donating to Hillary's campaign, again, doesn't mean she's "Big Money's candidate," and anyone who thinks that donations lead to some sort of quid pro quo favors in Washington should really take some political science classes
You don't need a single apostrophe in that title actually
In retrospect I don't think that one is bad at all, I was being facetious because obviously the Miller trade was awful
I don't understand. Would Bernie had won if AP hadn't declared Hillary the presumptive nominee?
What does dry aging do?
That's stupid, if I were Machado I would have done the same thing. Granted I'm not a world-class athlete
:) I'm donating it to the Trump campaign!
CNN says 24%
They say it's a game of inches I'd love for Machado's hand to be about three inches to the left
She said June lol
That was sick
Oh bullshit. Nobody could have watched that without having already made up their mind and come away with Lord winning that exchange.
You've definitely spent way too much time in this subreddit judging by your comments
I'm sure gay people appreciated that, especially those living in conservative states
Civil rights shouldn't be up for vote. Civil rights are not a states' rights issue. Don't pretend Bernie was some champion for gay rights when he thought people in conservative states should have been able to have their rights taken away by a vote.
She's not going to be indicted
I've literally never been on /r/hillaryclinton so I guess I wouldn't have seen that
You're going to be disappointed
I appreciate your curiosity and sincerity, but I've had this conversation half a dozen times in this subreddit and don't really feel like going over it right now. It can be summed up by the fact that Hillary is a policy wonk and that I have loved Obama's eight years.
He's 100% going to endorse her
As I said to another commenter, I've had this discussion half a dozen times and don't really want to have it again. It comes down to Hillary being a policy wonk, and to me loving Obama's eight years. /r/politics overblows the "skeletons in her closet," and the email situation doesn't matter to me. It's not going to make her any worse of a president.
? Are you saying Obama isn't 100% going to endorse her?
I definitely was. You're not going to tell me who I was planning on voting for buddy lol
All of my comments...since I switched to supporting Hillary...
No, not literally all of my comments. I don't know how you found those comments from when I was in Bernie's camp (for some reason I'm not able to go back that far in my comment history), but if you look, I specifically remember defending myself as a Bernie supporter in /r/PoliticalDiscussion. Anyway, it's people like you who have brought my "disdain for Bernie's supporters." Paranoid Redditors who can't get it through their heads that people can change their minds, or that people can support Hillary without being shills. You're calling me a liar, when I'm not. I'm a normal person. I have a BS in political science. I like politics. I like baseball. I'm allowed to disagree with you. I'm not a shitty person because I disagree with you.
Was what Trump said about the judge racist, in your opinion?
I'm not here to argue the semantics of racism. You know what racism is, don't play dumb. Was Trump being racist, yes or no?
ama
"Clippard vs. Bour was a tough matchup, but he's the guy who's been handling the 7th inning for us all year" God dammit Chip Hale it's 2016 are you kidding me
Those little fuckers from final fantasy are legit
SUMMER Was following at the gym doing fist pumps for Bourn
That Greinke smile making me swoon
As much as I would hate to see him go, Daniel Hudson is probably available
Do you smell what Machado is cooking? (It's an MVP-caliber season)
dddddddddddiaamaonbacksjframamamamamama
Nooooo Parra :( please be ok
I mean idk Young Thug, A$AP Rocky, and Frank Ocean are all really important names in Hip Hop today (whether you like them or not), and they don't fit into your narrative
Okay but then in the same breath he said a Muslim judge shouldn't be able to handle his Trump U case, either...not a specific Muslim judge who's part of some organization that he disapproves of, but any Muslim judge.
Royals
Gold Gloves at 1B...who cares honestly
Who cares what this moron thinks?
Wasn't Miggy a legit alcoholic? Like, admitted he had a problem and made a change?
131 wRC+ for a 1B doesn't scream "Hall of Fame" to me, personally
Were you going to get your daughter braces with all of the karma you were gonna make or
If only that lady who counted his hits in Seattle were there
I feel bad for Freddie Freeman
Coaching staff has been all around pretty awful this year in my opinion
Didn't Ben Carson literally try to murder someone in his youth
Apostrophes
Who did LeBron throw his mouthpiece at
I really can't believe we're having this conversation, but...the "hot sauce in my purse" thing was legit. She's supposedly well-known to carry hot sauce with her for a while now.
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan have come out and plainly called his rhetoric racist...
She's still gone
Vin Scully part of the corrupt Clinton machine...wake up sheeple
Didn't the guy walk away yelling "Britain First" after he murdered her...?
Yeah, Britain First with their "Christian patrols" and "mosque invasions," how could anyone think they're bigoted...
Great contribution
Wait if we didn't have superdelegates, what would Bernie have done when he lost by both popular vote and pledged delegates if not try to get the supers to switch to him?
Love LeBron, hate Curry and Dray and California teams in general Easy choice
Ugh :(
Yeah he's been insane after his rough start. Just too bad the season is basically lost already
Yesterday was brutal
Man shoulda played that Klay airball back three or four times
Man Shelby is really getting bailed out by how poor the Phils offense is
Shelby pls
I could be wrong, and hopefully I am, but bringing Clippard in here just...scares me
Good job Clip, good job Shelby
I mean it's a no-brainer not to trade Schwarber
I wish Chip would have let him get that last out
That was cool
Inphuriating
Ask me whatever
My rankings are what I think the standings will be at the end of the season I don't think the Rangers will be a top-5 team at the end of the season
You're right, next week I'll just list the standings
No, when someone questions my rankings I explain my reasoning. I don't need to do a bet on an Internet baseball forum because you're butthurt that I don't agree with you
Guess what? My predictions for the standings at the end of the year change...week by week... Know what I do on a Sunday night? I go [here](http://www.fangraphs.com/depthcharts.aspx?position=Standings) and I go [here](http://www.baseballprospectus.com/standings/index.php?dispgroup=all&amp;submit=Go) and use the information I see to relatively quickly fill out my rankings spreadsheet. I've done it every week for years. I do it for free. I do it and butthurt people on the internet yell at me. I do it all the while your mother dips her bald head in oil and rubs it all over my body. I don't care to put in any more effort than I already do because I don't care that it makes you sad
Fuck em
A win streak on the road doesn't matter to me when my rankings are what I think the standings will be at the end of the season
It is incredible how upset you are about numbers on the internet
I literally don't care in the slightest if my rankings today are 100% wrong
aw
It's not like there's some agreed-upon definition for what power rankings are dude. Every ranker has his or her own system, and they do these rankings in their free time and aren't obligated to do them in any particular way.
We're not even half way through the season. I rely on actual record more as the season goes on
😘😘😘
- Jose Altuve - Ben Zobrist - Bryce Harper - Anthony Rizzo - Carlos Santana
I don't think anyone has ever hit one to start a game bud
In a strange publicity move, Jose Reyes' wife
The Twins are a losing team for many more seasons Is that too literal?
To be fair, people are usually surprised when they're reminded that the Padres exist
I like Beltre and Yu and a couple other guys, so I'm not necessarily opposed to it. Depends on who they're playing.
We lost AJ Pollock before the season started and are still way better than you guys lol
All three bud
What's a downvote
Robbie Ray fucking sucks
Hope he's okay. Doesn't he throw like a 98 MPH slider? That can't be great for the elbow
I'm still pretty salty toward him for his feud with Miguel Montero, but the kid def has talent
That was the stupidest fucking thing I've ever seen
Michael A Failure
That wasn't an inside the park home run
Ehhhhh people definitely have more of a sense of humor in /r/nba
Seems weird that anything baseball-related happened 99 years ago
/r/theydidthemath
Haha shit fuckin got em
Me, enthusiastically
I'm always in the negative
Ugh I hate playing the Rockies
#GAME OF THRONES SPOILERS ABOVE
Three tacos or three g&amp;ts?
You should feel awful about that swing Yasmany that was just awful go eat some chipotle we don't want you in this lineup
look like Lucio's gun pointing at you
ALL ABOARD
http://i.imgur.com/3mlaexO.png
Shh
Unless they're on the Pirates
Justin Turner looks like Tormund Giantsbane if Tormund Giantsbane were a huge pussy
Lambdemption
Damn that pimp
They're both a very good team and pretty lucky
I've always been a fan, but mostly because I have a tendency to root for villains
What would happen if he signed with the Diamomdbacks
&gt;Photobucket
This is a weird defense, but fighting back then was pretty...normal
Strasburg debut pt. 2?
Cubs have a higher winning % and a run differential over three times better than the Rangers boi Edit: As well as a higher winning % and a run differential over two times better than the Giants
Because I think he looks really stupid when he runs
😭
I disagree
Thanks. And it's not like I don't change my rankings week-to-week, and it's not like the previous week's happenings don't affect my rankings. They obviously do. I'm just not going to move a team into the #1 spot, or even the top-5 teams if I don't think they're obviously and inarguably one of the best teams in baseball. The Rangers are clearly a quality squad this year, but there are valid reasons to doubt their ability to keep playing at this level. If and when they keep it up (we're not even half way through the season), they will get bumped up--and it's not like my ranking them at 8 is egregious. I'd kill for the Diamondbacks to be a top-10 team.
Killa Cam would assert that my friend here is mad
Just another reason why the DH should be brought to the National League--on days he's not pitching, he could bat cleanup for half the teams in the league
I super liked the DH on Tinder and we didn't match, fml
Nice athletic play there by Ray
I strongly contemplated making a post earlier today noting that Jake Lamb had a higher wRC+ than the likes of Bryant and Arenado...guess I made the right decision not to...
Uhhhh, slide????
Lamb's going into tonight was 143...damn
Aw buddy just say it's raining on your face
I probably should
- Zack Greinke: 2.2 fWAR And then - Colby Lewis: 1.3 fWAR - Sam Dyson: 1.1 fWAR - AJ Griffin: 1.0 fWAR - Cole Hamels: 0.8 fWAR
Uh. No not really.
Well if it's gotta be an AL team this year I hope you guys get Beltre a ring tbh
They probably consulted their bejeweled left hands before the season and decided this was the way to do it
Best: Marlins Worst: Blue Jays
Give me a U
There might not be anything more annoying than when the opposing pitcher has a good day at the plate against your team
Jeremy Hellickson was torture to watch in his year here
Damn she can get it
Fuck baseball
Diamondbacks are 13-27 at home
I was told that was a sustainable skill tho
