We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
I add egg whites and a scoop of chocolate protein powder, and top it with unsweetened shredded coconut and a few white chocolate chips
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
That's a great idea! I've been craving chocolate covered strawberries lately, and I hadn't thought of trying chocolate pudding. Thanks for the tip!
That's correct, but I often see them abbreviated the shorter way as well. I'm in Canada but I'm by no means saying it's a Canadian thing. I read all my recipes online anyway!
100-calorie bag of popcorn, cup of yogurt, or a 90-calorie fibre one lemon bar are my top three choices. If I have a little more room to work with, I'll have a Quest bar or peanut butter on toast. Occasionally I'll have a scoop of ice cream, but it's hard to stick to just one serving!
Congratulations! This is something I've wanted to do for so long!
Same here. I guess I have what they call "resting bitch face" (not a fan of that term though).
Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
I have emetophobia as well. Hope you're doing okay.
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Hi Dawn! I personally don't have experience with any of those books, but I've heard good things about Feeling Good so I'm thinking about purchasing it as well. You might want to check out the [Anxiety &amp; Phobia Workbook](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1626252157). I finished reading it recently and I found it to be quite helpful.
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
Once every month or two. But my credit card gives me points toward free movies, so I usually don't have to pay for the ticket.
Never heard of this "danger triangle". I've popped pimples there before and I've been fine. I don't think you need to see a doctor. Just keep it clean. I have health anxiety as well, so I know it's hard, but try not to Google it anymore. It won't help you.
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
I got to sleep in, the weather was nice, and I went on a nice date with my boyfriend.
I went to school in BC, and I believe it was mandatory from grades 4 to 8. After that you can choose to take a different language but I stuck with French until grade 11.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
If you click on their username there's an option to view their diary, unless it's set to private.
I love Daiso! But if I go there I'll come back with a lot more than just that bento box...
Looks good! I think I'll try making the adobo!
I feel the same way. I could handle blood no problem, but not vomit
That's not always the case though.
Have fun with stats!
Well in that case, congrats!
[This](http://imgur.com/n8Z63nl) is what my printing looks like.
Makes things a lot easier when I'm reviewing my notes!
HAGS
That's good to hear! Hope things go well for you. Do you have any plans lined up for further treatment?
Love your hair!
It takes a little longer, but I find it calming and satisfying! When I have to write quickly, it looks more like [this](http://imgur.com/1NH3lNn).
Thanks!
Your breakfast looks delicious! I've gotta try these tofu scrambles!
Have a nice bath and a cup of tea.
I prefer chamomile, peppermint, or valerian root teas because they're quite calming. Right now my favourite is [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. My favourite candle scent is lavender. Throw in a bath bomb or some bubble bath and you're all set!
Try it out! I just got into it recently. I'm usually a coffee person, but I've been trying to cut down on caffeine to help with my anxiety. Herbal teas work quite nicely.
Tagalog
Herbal tea. I'm not a fancy tea connoisseur by any means, but I love trying new flavours!
If she's that sick, it might be in her best interests to rest rather than see you, unfortunately.
Same here. Feels good to finally be getting help though. Better late than never.
I'm sorry to hear that! Perhaps you can consider switching to a different SSRI? I've been on Lexapro for two months now, and I've had no such problems. No bad side effects at all, actually.
Too well. If I don't set an alarm, I can easily sleep for 12 hours straight. I feel like crap when I wake up.
A good cup of coffee.
It definitely could be anxiety. I've been through something similar, even went to the ER because of it, and it turned out to be anxiety. Keep in mind that since you're young, the chances of it being anything heart-related are very slim. It's still a good idea to get it checked out, though. It'll put your mind at ease.
I prefer the treadmill. We have one in our house, so I can turn on Netflix, and I don't have to worry about how I look.
Feels good to get the ball rolling, doesn't it? Good luck with everything my friend.
Cute! Your sweater looks super comfy!
Cute! The flower filter is super flattering!
Even better if you heat it up for a few seconds!
This is next on my list! Can't wait to watch it!
I've been kinda obsessed with them lately. They're so good roasted!
Great, thanks for the info! Looking forward to it.
Whatever works for you, my friend. Hope the medication goes well for you!
Yes, Lush! I love the bubble bars!
Not sure what you're into, but I'd get some bath goodies, a new book, and a new flavour of tea.
I love these! My favourite is the salsa ranch!
I've been on Lexapro for eight weeks now and it's been great! I've had no bad side effects whatsoever, and my anxiety has become much more manageable.
As others have said, there probably aren't any interactions. I'm taking Alesse and Lexapro, and neither my doctor nor my pharmacist mentioned any interactions. Besides, since birth control is so common, if your medication wasn't supposed to be taken with birth control, it would probably state that clearly.
Great choice! Enjoy!
With cinnamon and sugar if I'm craving something sweet!
Yeah, it's definitely different for each person but I've heard a lot of good things about Lexapro!
I've been on Lexapro for two months now and the dreams have been out of control! I never used to remember my dreams but now I have at least two per night. They're extremely vivid.
No worries, hope everything works out well for you.
My boyfriend and I watched the first season, but we couldn't get into the second season, so we stopped after a couple episodes. Is it worth watching? I do love Shonda's other shows
I wasn't able to keep up with many shows during school, so now I'm catching up on the latest seasons of Flash and Arrow. Also going to start watching Legends of Tomorrow, and considering Supergirl as well
Just finished season two of Daredevil the other day and I loved it! Make sure to check out Jessica Jones as well!
Yeah, I understand! I'll probably end up watching it at some point.
Good choice! Enjoy!
I started with Paxil as well, and the side effects were terrible! Switched over to Lexapro and had no problems whatsoever.
This is on my list! Can't wait to start watching it!
Hi, welcome! It's good to finally have an answer to what you've been feeling. Hope things go well for you.
Hmm, I haven't heard of this as a side effect! I've been taking escitalopram for a couple months now and haven't experienced this. Side effects tend to go away within a few weeks though, so maybe it'll be back to normal by next time. If not I'd suggest considering switching to another SSRI - there's lots of options out there and it's all about finding the one that works best for you! Hope everything goes well for you.
Which Fibre One bars do you like? I love the lemon bars. I've found Nature Valley's [Oatmeal Breakfast Squares](http://www.naturevalley.com/nv-products/blueberry-soft-baked-oatmeal-squares/) which are similar, but a bit higher in calories. Edit: Just noticed that they have a chocolate banana bread version (which we don't have in Canada). That sounds absolutely delicious.
I have to head over to Kernels and try this! Sounds amazing!
Ah yes, the jumbo bag! Got one full of caramel corn as a birthday present a few years ago.
I watch a lot of shows, and I play video games occasionally. I've recently gotten into meditation and yoga. I also love reading, so right now I'm reading a book about meditation. I also love going for evening walks.
Adult colouring books are great! Even for non-artsy people like me!
Hi there! I have health anxiety as well, so I understand how you're feeling. I've been to the ER multiple times, and I've had EKGs, blood work, and multiple ultrasounds done. Over the last few months, through counselling and medication, I've gotten my anxiety down to a manageable level. I know medication isn't for everyone, but it's helped me. And as others have said, don't Google your symptoms! It doesn't help. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them. Hope everything gets better for you, my friend.
Yoga and meditation are great! I've started them both recently and they make a big difference! I highly recommend them.
Have you tried cranberry extract pills? They're usually found near the vitamins.
Those cotton pads will fill ya right up!
I use just enough melted butter to make it stick. I also have a spray bottle for olive oil which I use sometimes, but it just doesn't seem to do the trick as well as butter does.
Hi there! I started taking escitalopram (a different SSRI) two months ago, and I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try, but I highly recommend trying them. If they don't work out for you after a couple months, you can always consider switching to a different SSRI. It's all about finding one that works for you. I hope it goes well for you. Good luck!
When you go to the pharmacy, they'll ask you if you want the generic version or the brand name. I get the generic version, and it costs about $3 per month with insurance. Good luck with the Lexapro! I started taking it recently as well.
Hi there! I'm taking escitalopram, which is similar. It's been great so far. I've had no bad side effects whatsoever. If you've already been prescribed it, give it a try! Since everyone's different, you won't know until you try. If it doesn't work well for you after a couple of months, then you can ask your doctor about switching over to a different medication. It's all about finding what works best for you. Good luck, and I hope it goes well for you!
That's good to know, thanks for sharing! I've had some of their low calorie dishes before, which I enjoyed, so I'm glad to see there's more to choose from! I'll be checking it out soon.
Yeah, half orders are a great idea! For calorie-conscious folks or those who don't have a big appetite.
Same here. Even if I dedicate most of the day to binge watching, I can only get through a few episodes.
Sharing your experience is always helpful. There's nothing wrong with giving suggestions based on what's worked for you. Just phrase it in a way that makes it clear that you're speaking based on your own experience. Thanks for being so willing to help! It's nice to know that there are supportive people out there.
I saw this there and I was thinking about making it, but now I'm convinced! I have to try this!
Coffee
What toppings do you like to put on it?
Sounds rich and filling! I think I'll try it out!
Caffeine has a negative effect on me as well. I didn't realize how much it affected me until I cut down on caffeine (based on doctor's advice after I ended up in the ER after an anxiety attack). I'd definitely recommend cutting down on caffeine and seeing if it reduces the physical symptoms.
What helps me is thinking of all the possible scenarios. A counsellor suggested this to me and it works well. I write down the best case scenario, the worst case scenario, and the most likely. It helps put things into perspective.
Got help for my anxiety. For me, this meant seeing a counsellor and starting medication. I've also started learning more about meditation and mindfulness.
I find that when I'm studying, I'll mindlessly munch on whatever's in front of me, so it doesn't have to be anything fancy. Plain, air-popped popcorn is always a good choice because you can eat so much for so few calories. And of course raw vegetables are always a good choice! My favourites are cucumber and red pepper.
Good luck my friend!
Me too. Just discovered it a few months ago though.
If you're dealing with anxiety, you could check out /r/anxiety
Take a long bath (preferably with some goodies from Lush), drink some tea, then curl up in bed
I'd suggest a book or magazine, some candies, a little stuffed animal, and a small bottle of lotion with a calming scent (such as lavender). Maybe include some nice tea or bath goodies for her to de-stress once she arrives at her destination. It's so thoughtful of you, I'm sure she'll appreciate it!
Yeah, it might be a good idea to give her the opportunity to see what's in the bag beforehand (based on my extensive knowledge obtained through watching those border security shows lol).
Hi there. I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing this. I was in your situation a couple of months ago. I had a pulsing headache which seemed to originate from my neck. It also hurt right behind my eye, and caused numbness in one side of my face. I saw multiple doctors who told me that it was just anxiety. I ended up going to the ER because I was so worried, and eventually saw a neurologist. After I had a CT scan and and MRI done, he told me that it was nothing neurological and that it was probably just migraines. A few weeks later, once I started to get my anxiety under control (which in my case included counseling and medication), the headaches disappeared and haven't returned since. I know it's hard, but try not to worry too much yet. It definitely could be nothing. I hope everything goes well for you.
Exactly. One pot is one serving for me anyway.
As others have said, it's nothing to worry about. Is it possible that your throat is just a little dry? Maybe due to allergies or a slight cold?
What do you like? Fiction? Non-fiction?
Way to go! You're gonna be swole in no time!
I prefer non-fiction, and I recently got into meditation, so right now I'm reading [The Mind Illuminated](http://www.amazon.com/Mind-Illuminated-Complete-Meditation-Integrating/dp/0990847705), which explains meditation in an easy-to-understand way. Not sure if it's your thing, but I'd recommend it to anyone who's interested in meditation and mindfulness.
Yeah for sure! I do have a Keurig and use it on occasion, but the coffee just doesn't taste good. Not worth the money.
I've been thinking about reading this, thanks for reminding me. Your comment has convinced me to start reading it!
Those muffins look delicious!
Hi there! I started Lexapro two months ago. Luckily, I didn't experience many side effects. I felt sleepy for the first week or two, but it went away. Remember that any side effects that you might experience should subside in a couple weeks. Lexapro has worked great for me so far. Hope everything goes well for you as well! If you have any questions I'd be happy to answer them.
Looks tasty! I love goat cheese, but I haven't incorporated it into breakfast yet, so thanks for the idea.
That's a great idea! I should do something similar. Any tips you'd like to share?
Hi there! I already commented on your post but just wanted to say welcome. Lexapro has been great for me, so I hope it works for you as well. Good luck!
[Schwarties](http://www.bestofbridge.com/hash-brown-potatoes-schwarties/) is a creamy, cheesy hashbrown casserole. So good!
Yeah, Suits is a good show! You can get all caught up in time for the new season starting next month.
I'm obsessed with Border Security! Too bad we don't have it on Netflix in Canada...
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro two months ago. I took 5 mg for the first week, then went up to 10 mg. It can take six to eight weeks to reach full effectiveness. I started noticing effects after four weeks. Hope it goes well for you.
We're here for you! I've been dealing with anxiety for the past few months as well. I wish you the best.
A nice cup of Valerian root tea. Chamomile and peppermint are good options as well.
I've had it for at least a few years, but I only realized it about four months ago. I had a lot of physical symptoms. After going to the ER several times and seeing multiple doctors, I was convinced that it was just anxiety. I've been on medication for two months now, and my anxiety is much more manageable. I also see a counsellor occasionally which has been helpful. On my own, I've been learning more about meditation and mindfulness.
No worries. My anxiety was mostly health-related. I had headaches and numbness in my face, arms, and legs. I also experienced pains in different parts of my body.
That the answer to anxiety is to just "stop worrying".
You too my friend!
Yeah, it's still a work in progress for me as well. Hopefully it'll get better with practice!
Good point. It's just not that simple!
I take medication to manage my anxiety, and I see a counsellor once in a while. I've also started learning about meditation and mindfulness. When I'm feeling particularly anxious or stressed, I usually go for a long walk, take a bath, and drink tea (valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint are calming options).
No thanks.
I love the way you laid out those vegetables.
What's the texture like?
Quite often.
I always drink [Mother's Little Helper](https://www.davidstea.com/ca_en/mother-s-little-helper-org) from David's Tea. It's a blend of valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint which I find quite calming.
Comfortable.
I take medication, and I see a counsellor occasionally. I find that yoga and walking are good ways to de-stress. I'm also learning about meditation and mindfulness.
Cutting down on caffeine can make a big difference! I've definitely noticed a reduction in my anxiety, especially the physical manifestations of it.
A good cup of coffee or tea.
Exactly. Everybody's different, so it's all about finding the medication that works for you. Fortunately I've experienced no side effects on the medication I'm taking right now, and it's helped me quite a bit.
Drink a cup of herbal tea. Valerian root is especially calming.
Hi there. I started taking escitalopram (another SSRI) two months ago. I have emetophobia (fear of vomiting), so I was hesitant to take the medication since nausea is a potential side effect. It took me a while, but eventually I worked up the courage because I knew the medication would help me. I started with half the dose for the first week, then went up to the full dose. I was lucky enough to experience no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first week or two. Now, two months later, my anxiety is much more manageable. I finally have it under control. The medication is working well for me and I'm so glad that I started taking it. Remember that even if you do experience some side effects, they should go away within a few weeks. If not, you can speak to your doctor about finding a different medication. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding the one that works best for you. You won't know until you try. I strongly encourage you to at least give it a try. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them. Hope it goes well for you my friend! I wish you the best.
As others have already said, don't listen to him. Don't waste your time trying to change his point of view either, it isn't worth it. Your mental health and wellness are nobody's business but your own (and perhaps your doctor and therapist, but you know what I mean). Do what's best for you. I wish you the best, my friend. Hope your therapy appointment goes well.
[Boom Chicka Pop](https://www.boomchickapop.com/our-products/) is fairly low-calorie. I can't buy the kettle corn anymore because I WILL eat the whole bag in one sitting (not a good idea, trust me). As others have said though, air-popping popcorn and adding your own seasonings is probably the best way to go.
As already suggested, you can skip the placebos. I like to keep a spare pack that I can take a pill from if needed. Whenever I lose a pill (which is more often than I'd like, I'm clumsy), I just take one from the spare pack and continue on as normal.
Your family doctor can probably write you a prescription. They might want to refer you to a psychiatrist though. I got my prescription from my family doctor, went straight to the pharmacy to get the prescription filled, and started the medication later that evening.
I worked there for five years. You'll get the hang of it quickly, I promise. If you have any questions I can try to answer them.
I try to get a good night's sleep beforehand, eat a nutritious breakfast, and try not to drink more than one cup of coffee (caffeine can exacerbate anxiety). I also study my ass off, so I go into the exam knowing that I know my stuff.
Trust me, you won't get fired. Everybody starts off the same way you do. The managers know this and they understand. You'd have to do some pretty terrible shit to get fired.
Good luck, and let us know how it goes tomorrow my friend!
It's probably best to ask the pharmacist. You can probably call the pharmacy if that's easier for you.
If it is, then I guess I'm extremely nerdy.
Tea is great! Herbal tea comes in all sorts of flavours.
I love this scent, it's so light and refreshing!
I do this a lot. A counsellor told me to think of all the possible scenarios. I write down the best case scenario, worst case scenario, and most likely. It hasn't completely solved the problem of course, but it helps put things into perspective.
I don't think he went into that too much. Just a part of anxiety, I guess.
My family buys these from time to time. We like to have Caesar salad occasionally, but a whole bottle of Caesar dressing would just go to waste in our fridge, so it's convenient that way. The Southwest flavour looks good though, maybe we'll try it next time!
Hi there. I'm sorry to hear that you're experiencing this. I was in a similar situation a couple of months ago. I convinced myself I had several different conditions. I went to multiple doctors, and even went to the ER three times because I was convinced that something was wrong with me. I was convinced that the doctors were dismissing my symptoms because I had anxiety, and that they could be missing something more serious. I had a CT scan and MRI of my brain, an EKG, and bloodwork done, as well as ultrasounds done on several parts of my body. They all turned out to be normal, so I've been able to convince myself that I'm okay. (The CT scan actually wasn't normal at first, which led to a couple months of severe anxiety, but that's a story for another time. It turned out to be okay in the end.) I'd suggest seeing your doctor just in case. It'll ease your mind. Medication is what's helped me keep my health anxiety under control. I know medication isn't for everyone, but if you think it's necessary, you can talk to your doctor about that as well. If this anxiety persists, I'd also suggest seeing a counselor or therapist. They gave me some good strategies to control these types of thoughts. I hope everything goes well for you, my friend. I wish you the best.
Hello Kitty. I love anything and everything Hello Kitty.
Hi there! It's great that you're taking steps to manage your anxiety. I started medication about two months ago. Just be honest with your doctor about how you're feeling. Keep an open mind and give the medication a try. Any side effects you may experience should subside a after a few weeks. It will also take a few weeks to start working, so you'll have to be patient. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding the medication that works best for you. If you try one and it doesn't work so well, you can always go back to your doctor and he can switch you to a different medication if needed. Good luck with your appointment! Let us know how it goes. I wish you the best.
I do like both of those things! I'll be sure to try it, thanks!
Yeah, most of the medications take from six to eight weeks to reach full effectiveness, but you might notice some effects before that. Definitely bring those concerns up with your doctor. You can always check again with the pharmacist just to be sure. They tend to know more about medication interactions.
Good for you! I have health anxiety as well, and I understand how hard it can be to stay calm.
I've gotten into all these recently as well. Agent Carter is next on my list to watch! If you're interested in reading comics, I'd suggest signing up for Marvel Unlimited. It's kinda like Netflix for comics. They have lists of the most important comics for certain characters and events, so it makes it easy to learn more about them! I'm currently making my way through the Daredevil comics.
I kinda love it!
I love these [Asian garlic green beans](http://www.thegardengrazer.com/2014/10/asian-garlic-green-beans.html)!
So cute! I need these!
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro two months ago. I had no bad side effects, besides feeling sleepy, but it went away after a week or two. It's worked well for me so far. I highly recommend giving medication a try!
Congratulations on taking the first step toward better health! It's a big accomplishment and you should be proud. I hope everything goes well for you, my friend.
I did the same thing. I haven't quit altogether, but I've cut down my caffeine intake by a significant amount. I have one coffee in the morning and decaf the rest of the day. I feel much better now that I'm used to having less caffeine.
That's great, I'm so glad! I definitely don't miss the mean customers, but mean people are always going to be a part of life, so it's good practice I suppose. I hope it continues to go well for you.
Cutting down on caffeine has helped a lot. I've definitely noticed a difference in my physical symptoms.
I completely understand. I could never cut out caffeine completely! I have one coffee in the morning, and the rest of the day I stick to decaf. Cutting down gradually seems like the best way to go.
A blonde roast coffee probably has much more caffeine! Just in case you didn't know already (or if anybody else reading didn't know), lighter roasts have more caffeine than darker roasts.
This isn't exactly an academic resource, but I love listening to the Grammar Girl podcasts. They're short and fun to listen to! I've definitely learned a few things over the years.
I have this as well. It's not exactly ringing, more of a whooshing sound like you described. I hear it in both ears whenever it's quiet. It started about three months ago, just as my anxiety was at its highest level. Not sure if it's related though. Both my family doctor and neurologist have assured me that it's nothing to worry about, but it's still annoying, that's for sure.
Her books are great too!
You too my friend!
That's great to hear! Hope everything goes well for you. I wish you the best.
Hmm, that's interesting. A counsellor suggested yogurt to me a while back. It's worth a shot I guess!
Either way, yogurt is a healthy snack!
That looks delicious! Did you use a store-bought sauce or make your own? I'd love to know the recipe.
When I was taking it, I didn't know which manufacturer it was from and it didn't matter to me at all. The pharmacy probably only has one generic version on hand, so I don't think you get much say in the matter. The generic paroxetine is the same so I don't think it makes a difference.
I'm glad to hear it. This really is a great sub! I'm thankful for it as well.
Greek yogurt with a couple spoonfuls of granola and frozen strawberries is my go-to light breakfast!
I've started taking medication for it and seeing a counsellor occasionally. I've also started learning more about meditation and mindfulness. Cutting down on caffeine has helped as well.
I started taking escitalopram two months ago. It's been working well for me so far. I've had no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for my first week or two. My anxiety is much more manageable now. I'm glad that I made the choice to start taking it.
Emetophobia (fear of vomit/vomiting). I wish I knew what caused it because I have no idea.
I've been looking for a low-calorie version of chicken pot pie! Thanks for sharing!
Hi there! I've been taking Lexapro (escitalopram) for two months now. It's used to treat anxiety and depression, but I take it mainly for anxiety. It's going well for me so far. My anxiety is much more manageable. I'm glad that I decided to start taking it.
Same here! I've cut down on caffeine but I could never give up my morning coffee. I love the ritual that goes along with it.
My anxiety manifests itself in several different ways. When I'm going through periods of severe anxiety, I tend to get headaches and numbness in various parts of my body. When I'm having an anxiety attack, I get that feeling in the pit of my stomach and my teeth chatter uncontrollably.
It definitely can be from anxiety. My sister and I have both experienced similar symptoms before, gotten multiple tests done, and it turned out to be just anxiety. Try to trust what the doctors have told you, and consider looking into professional help for your anxiety if you haven't done so already. I wish you the best, my friend. I hope everything goes well for you.
It's a tingling feeling, usually in my hands, but occasionally in my legs and feet. One time, I had numbness in my ears and part of my face that lasted for a few weeks straight.
Hi there! I haven't taken citalopram, but I've been taking escitalopram, which is similar, for two months now. I've had no bad side effects, except feeling sleepy, which went away after the first week or two. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. As others have said, any side effects you do experience should subside within a couple weeks. If not, you can talk to your doctor about switching to a different medication. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding what works best for you. I wish you the best! I hope it all goes well for you.
That's great to hear. Deciding to get help can be hard, but it's worth it. I wish you the best.
Seek professional help. Medication and counselling have made my anxiety much more manageable.
My anxiety is mainly health-related, so new symptoms/sensations in my body can cause anxiety attacks.
I drink tea. I find valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint teas quite soothing.
Go for a long walk. I always feel better once I get some fresh air.
Coffee. Some might call caffeine a drug though.
Anything from Lush! My favourite is the [Rose Jam](http://www.lushusa.com/Rose-Jam-Bubbleroon/04133,en_US,pd.html) bubble bar.
Hi there! I'm on an SSRI called escitalopram (known as Lexapro or Cipralex). I've been taking it for two months now. Mine was prescribed to me by my family doctor. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. Your doctor will likely prescribe you an SSRI to start with. You may experience some side effects, but they should subside within a few weeks. Personally, I had no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first week or so. The medication should reach full effectiveness after six to eight weeks. For more information about medications, you can check out the sidebar if you haven't already. If you have any questions about my experience, I'd be glad to answer them. I hope it goes well for you!
A fan.
String cheese is great (and fun)!
I'm the opposite, I prefer noise! I have mild tinnitus so I use the sound of the fan to cover it up.
I'd say it's normal, especially for those of us with anxiety. As others have said, you should feel more comfortable after a couple of sessions. I strongly encourage you to go. Hope it goes well for you.
I've been taking Lexapro for two months now. I've had almost no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first week or so, but it went away. It's been working well for me so far. If you have any specific questions about my experience I can try to answer them. I hope everything goes well for you.
Oh dear. Hopefully mine doesn't get worse or else I may have to resort to similar tactics!
I'm sorry to hear what you're going through. As the other commenter suggested, please seek help from a medical professional. I wish you the best.
Is it possible to see a counsellor at your school next semester? Most schools offer counselling services free for students. I'd suggest cutting down on caffeine. This made a big difference for me. Eating healthy, getting enough sleep, and exercising have made a difference as well. I'd also suggest looking into meditation and mindfulness. Hope things get better for you.
Hmm, haven't heard of this one before. That's interesting!
I take Lexapro and I'm happy with it. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. As others have said, everyone's different, so what works well for some might not work well for you. I hope you find one that works well for you.
Lexapro is used to treat depression and anxiety, but it was prescribed to me mainly for anxiety. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. I have noticed a difference in my mood as well though. If you do experience any side effects, they should subside within a couple of weeks. If not, you can let your doctor know and they can switch you to a different medication. Since everyone's different, what worked well for me might not work well for you. But I'd definitely suggest giving medication a try.
That's good to hear! I'm glad it's going well for you so far. I started Lexapro a couple months ago and it's been working well for me. Hopefully the side effects will subside once your body adjusts to the medication.
It made me extremely sleepy at first too! I would fall asleep so easily, at any hour of the day. It wore off after about two weeks though. So hopefully everything sorts itself out for you soon.
Make coffee.
It can take six to eight weeks for the medication to reach full effectiveness, so I'd wait it out a bit longer. Definitely wait to see your doctor before changing your dosage. I hope it goes well for you.
Did your guests enjoy these?
Cilantro is disgusting.
I understand how you feel. I'm the same way. The tears just well up automatically and it feels like I have no control over them. Perhaps some sort of counselling could help?
Thanks so much for sharing. I hope things get better for you. I wish you the best.
I'm actually the opposite. When I'm extremely anxious, I barely have an appetite at all. However, when I'm feeling better, my appetite comes back all at once and I end up eating way too much.
Sounds to me like you just have a cold or flu of some sort. Hope you feel better soon.
Hi there. I've been taking Lexapro for a couple months now, and I personally haven't experienced this side effect. Everyone's different, so it's all about finding the medication that works for you. I'd suggest giving it a try a least. If you do experience this side effect, your doctor may be able to switch you to a different SSRI that doesn't affect you in this way. I hope it goes well for you. I wish you the best.
I'm glad to hear it's working well for you! I've been taking Cipralex for two months now as well. It's been working well for me so far and I'm so glad I made the choice to start taking it. I hope everything continues to go well for you!
I treat myself. Go for it, my friend! You'll still be under your goal for the day. When I have extra calories left, I usually eat as much cookies and cream ice cream as I can.
It's fine to take it now.
Yeah, just continue on as usual tomorrow. If I'm a couple hours late taking my dose, I just take it as soon as I remember. It's only when you're several hours late and start getting close to your next dose that you should skip the dose altogether. Hope that helps.
Exercising and eating well.
I know it's hard, but you may just have to stop drinking caffeine. Or at least start by cutting down on the amount of coffee you drink. I haven't given up caffeine altogether, but I have reduced the amount that I drink per day. It's helped with my anxiety and my sleeping habits.
That's great to hear! Congratulations on reaching out to get help and taking steps to improve yourself. You should be proud of yourself. I hope your appointment goes well. Would you mind sharing the name of the workbook?
I have the same one! I enjoyed it as well. I found it quite helpful.
It's a great book! I highly recommend it.
I know how you feel, my friend. We don't have anything like it in Canada either...
It's so good! Gonna catch up in time for season 13 in the fall?
I experience this quite often. For example, never answer questions in lectures or labs, even when I'm sure that I know the right answer, just in case I might be wrong.
It's not the best coffee but Keurig does the trick. I prefer medium roast with a bit of half-and-half.
I'm 5'5, and I'm perfectly content with it. I have no desire to be taller or shorter.
I've been on Lexapro for two months now, and it's been working well for me. I've had no side effects, and it's made my anxiety much more manageable. I'm glad I decided to start taking it. I hope it goes well for you too, my friend. Good luck!
I like Folgers breakfast blend. Nothing too fancy for me.
I wasn't put under when my wisdom teeth were removed. However I'm not sure what determines if they need to put you under or not. Have you asked your dentist if there are other options for you?
When I started taking Lexapro, I was extremely tired for the first two weeks. Luckily, it mostly went away after that. Hang in there, my friend! The side effects should subside after a few weeks. Hope it goes well for you.
French onion, mmm...
These look good! I'm curious to find out how the caramel corn and sriracha ones taste.
My day's been great! Spent the day binge watching Legends of Tomorrow, just about to have Vietnamese food for dinner, and going to set up my new computer later. Can't wait to play some games on it!
Sounds like you're going to have a fun day off! Hope you enjoy it!
Hi there! I'm taking escitalopram as well. I haven't experienced weight gain (maybe one or two pounds, but I just attribute that to normal fluctuations). As long as you continue counting calories, you should be okay. I wish you the best and I hope the escitalopram continues to work well for you.
Only a few months, so I haven't hit the six month mark yet either. So far it hasn't given me any side effects whatsoever, so hopefully it stays that way! Good luck with your weight loss!
I've been taking escitalopram for a few months now, and I haven't experienced any of these side effects. But since everyone's different, what works well for me might not work well for you. Try the medication that your doctor prescribes to you. If you experience side effects that don't subside after a few months, your doctor may be able to switch you to an SSRI that works better for you. You won't know how a medication works for you until you try it. Good luck! I hope it goes well for you.
I've been taking escitalopram for a few months now and it's working well for me. Haven't experienced any side effects.
Crushed Oreos, strawberries, and those little cheesecake pieces they have at frozen yogurt shops.
Oh I think I know what you mean! They're called popping boba. Super yummy on frozen yogurt.
No.
Scalloped potatoes and ham, with cookies and cream ice cream for dessert.
The app that I use beeps every ten minutes until I take the pill. I'm not always able to take it at the exact same time, but this reminds me to take it within the hour.
[Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!](https://youtu.be/lbXz3MXx2DU)
Favourite: Cookies and Cream Least favourite: Brown Sugar Cinnamon I don't think we have as many flavours here in Canada compared to the United States. Some of those flavours sound delicious!
Meditation, mindfulness, and counselling
To be fair, I haven't tried too many flavours, so it's only my least favourite out the the few flavours that I've tried.
It's called the [Baader-Meinhof phenomenon](https://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/)
Take a nice bath (preferably with some nice bath goodies from Lush), and drink a cup of herbal tea
I can relate to this far too well. Having anxiety is rough.
My go-to quick breakfast is Greek yogurt topped with a few spoonfuls of granola and frozen strawberries. So yummy!
I have quite a few of them, more than I can count anyway. Most of them have been there as long as I can remember, but I do have a couple which have shown up more recently. I kinda like them! I think they're cute.
I love it! I watch shows, play video games, and read books. Sometimes I go for a nice walk and grab myself a coffee or a treat from the bakery.
I've been obsessed with brussels sprouts lately. They're so good roasted! Lately I've been making them with balsamic vinegar, dijon mustard, and garlic.
I have one there too! I love mine, I think they're cute.
3/4 length exercise tights, a T-shirt from my old college, and a black zip-up hoodie
Right now I'm using a blackberry body wash from Softsoap. It smells yummy and the scent lasts for quite a while. Not bad for a drugstore body wash!
Sounds like stress headaches. When I was under a lot of stress, I had them almost daily for a month straight. Staying well hydrated helps a bit.
If you want your GP to prescribe you anxiety medication, they certainly can. If you'd feel more comfortable getting them from a psychiatrist, they can refer you to one. My GP described me anxiety medication and it's working well for me.
That sounds EXACTLY like my boyfriend, even down to the meditation stuff.
I usually drink herbal tea when I'm stressed. Valerian root, chamomile, and peppermint are quite calming. Taking a walk and getting some fresh air helps too.
I wish it worked like that.
Those are good tips! Caffeine and a warm bath always make my headaches feel at least somewhat better.
Phở with steak and tripe, large, with no cilantro. I've had it once a week for almost three years now. They don't even ask for my order anymore.
I usually go for a long walk, grab a coffee or a treat from the bakery, come home and have nice bath, then curl up in bed.
School has been going well. Took 17 courses over two semesters and finished with a 96% average. Pretty sure I'll be getting the award for top student in my program but I won't find out for another few months.
I can't stand it!
You should probably see a doctor.
This is a great cause. I don't have much money to donate at the moment, but once I do, I'll be donating to the Alzheimer's Society.
Netflix and Marvel Unlimited (basically the Netflix for Marvel comics).
They're a fun camping treat! But after eating one, I'm good until the following summer. They're a little too sweet for me.
Every place I've been to has it. Good luck though! It's tasty.
If you're not feeling too adventurous, try the meatballs! They're pretty tasty.
Yeah, asking for rice with no cilantro at makes me seem so picky. But it's worth it because cilantro is disgusting.
Hi there. I've been on Lexapro for a couple months now, and it's working well for me so far. I've had pretty much no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first two weeks, but it went away after that. Unfortunately, everyone's different so what works well for new might not work best for you. I'd suggest giving it a try though. Any side effects you experience should subside within a couple weeks, and if not, you can always talk to your doctor about switching to another SSRI. I hope it goes well for you!
I love tripe in phở.
Don't get me started on cilantro!
I love walking over to the local coffee shop and reading a book while drinking coffee. Occasionally I'll head over to this little Vietnamese restaurant and have lunch there. It's so peaceful.
I tend to feel better in general when I'm well hydrated. I get stress headaches quite often, and staying well hydrated makes them feel a bit better.
It's a tie between French onion and phở.
I didn't know we had anything like this in Canada. Do you mind if I ask what province you're in?
Spicy Cheetos.
My anxiety.
I call it a clicker. I've never met anyone else who does though.
Hi there! I've been taking Lexapro for a couple months now, and it's been working well for me. I've had no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first two weeks, but it went away. I'm glad I decided to start taking it. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. Unfortunately everyone's different, so what works well for some might not work as well for others. You may experience some side effects when you first start taking medication, but they should be fairly mild and should subside after the first couple of weeks. If after a couple of months you decide it's not working well for you, you can speak to your doctor about switching to a different medication. It's all about finding one that works best for you, and unfortunately the process can involve a bit of trial and error. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be happy to answer them! I hope everything goes well for you.
Yep, it's the number eight for me! She asks me before I even sit down.
Since they're still in date, I wouldn't see anything wrong with taking them. Did you start with a lower dose for the first week? If so, you might want to do that again. I'm not a medical professional though, so I can't say for sure. If it makes you feel more comfortable, there's nothing wrong with checking in with your doctor before starting again. It's probably a good idea to do so. I hope it goes well for you!
Is it possible to cut the pill in half?
Coffee.
Yeah, I know what you mean! I wonder why they don't have that...
I enjoyed Daredevil and Jessica Jones.
Take a bath with some fancy bath goodies and drink herbal tea.
But they smell so good and they make the bath turn pretty colours! They are overpriced though.
I deal with my anxiety through medication, counselling, and practicing meditation and mindfulness.
I take medication and I see a counsellor occasionally. I also practice meditation and mindfulness.
Being sleep deprived increases my anxiety quite a bit. I also have headaches most days.
I have emetophobia (fear of vomit/vomiting).
Reitmans has great pants! I get most of my dress pants there. It's nice that they have petite sizes for shorter girls like me!
Doesn't summer start on June 21?
I have June, July, and August off from college. It's the first summer that I've been able to not work and it's been great so far.
I've never gotten a nosebleed.
If you enjoy using it, then sure. They do nothing for me.
Makes sense.
Cookies and cream ice cream.
Exercise, read, and drink water.
Sounds like you made some progress yesterday. You should be proud of yourself for that! I hope everything goes well for you.
It'll probably subside somewhat once you get used to running. As others have said, it's best to pace yourself and not to overdo it. Keep up with the running, it's a great habit to get into! I hope everything goes well for you.
I'd suggest picking out a couple of interesting books to read. I wish you the best.
Glad to hear that you're feeling better. I hope everything goes well for you.
Anything sports-related.
Netflix and Marvel Unlimited.
I don't mind Game of Thrones, but I have absolutely no interest in The Walking Dead. I don't see the appeal at all.
I have no interest in hockey either. Or any sport, really.
Thanks!
I experience physical symptoms as well. This is actually how my anxiety started. I had tingling in my arms, facial numbness, headaches, and heart palpitations. When the doctors told me it was anxiety, I thought, "But I'm not even worried about anything!". After I thought about it for a while, I realized that I definitely do have anxiety.
Cookies and cream.
White chocolate peanut butter.
Flamin' hot Cheetos. We only have the jalapeño ones. Still good though.
Salt and vinegar chips.
I loved all of them! I definitely recommend them.
American Froot Loops have marshmallows? The ones we have in Canada sound the same as the Irish ones you're describing.
I think it tastes absolutely disgusting.
"Teatox"
That sounds delicious! I love lychee, but I've never seen it as an ice cream flavour.
The time it takes me to fall asleep.
Sounds like you need to take a break. Getting some fresh air might do you some good.
One word: CILANTRO.
Binge watch a bunch of shows and play video games.
Just started watching The Legend of Korra!
Neko Atsume and 1010!
Yes, they can do that.
I love frosted Mini Wheats. They're sugary, but I can pretend they're somewhat healthy, right?
As others have said, there are ways to get it without your mom knowing. However, if you're going to ask your mom, I recommend being straightforward and just asking. It shows maturity, which will show your mom that you're also mature enough to be engaging in sex responsibly.
One of those giant chocolate chip muffins from the bulk section of the grocery store.
Excessive caffeine and sleep deprivation can both exacerbate anxiety. Many people with anxiety avoid caffeine altogether because it can make their anxiety much worse. Drink some water, try to get some rest, and avoid caffeine for the next little while. You should feel better soon. I wish you the best.
I know this all too well. I'd suggest deleting the number altogether if you can.
I forgot about those. They were delicious!
[These?](http://sweets.seriouseats.com/images/2013/01/20130109-chocolate-filled-cookies-taste-test-koalas-march-box.jpg) I've seen them at Asian supermarkets and at Wal-Mart.
I have pale skin and naturally dark circles under my eyes, so I look tired and sickly without it. I wear it to make myself look a little more alive.
This is exactly what I'm doing right now.
I usually make a cup of herbal tea. Valerian root and chamomile are quite relaxing.
Any of them.
Nachos.
Studying. I always need something to munch on.
The cup of coffee I had after dinner.
Since everyone's different, what works well for some might not work well for others. For me personally, Lexapro has worked best. I took Paxil for a little while, but I couldn't deal with the nausea, so I switched to Lexapro. I've had no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first two weeks. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. If you have any questions about my experience I'd be glad to answer them.
Damnit. Thanks.
The clock ticking.
A good workout.
I did a two-year college diploma in office administration to become a legal administrative assistant. However, I shortly realized it wasnt for me and now I'm getting my accounting degree.
Oh god, the Hellevator... I'm too scared to try it!
My mom loves this stuff! Even the smell of it is gross.
Currently in college. I work as a student ambassador/campus tour guide as well as a peer tutor.
Hi there! I've definitely experienced this. During periods of high stress and anxiety, I had headaches almost daily for weeks at a time. Unfortunately, they didn't go away completely until I had lower levels of anxiety (which meant starting medication and counselling). Here's what works well for me: - Talking a hot shower or bath to relax my muscles (since headaches are often caused by tension) - Staying well-hydrated - Having a bit of caffeine (caffeine often helps headaches, but it may exacerbate your anxiety, so if you drink a lot of caffeine I'd suggest cutting down on it) - Doing some light exercise and getting fresh air (I usually go on half-hour walks) Hope that helps a bit. I'd definitely suggest seeing a doctor when you can though, just to rule out any other causes. I wish you the best!
I have emetophobia (fear of vomit/vomiting). I've been working on managing other aspects of my anxiety through medication and counselling, but I can't seem to make any progress on this phobia.
Starbucks probably has more caffeine than the other coffees that you're drinking. Just in case you're not aware, lighter roasts have more caffeine than darker ones, so you may feel slightly better if you stick to dark roast. To answer your question, switching to decaf would probably be your best bet. Caffeine has a big effect on my anxiety, and cutting down on caffeine has made me feel much better.
My favourite is milk chocolate. I don't mind white chocolate, but it's a little too sweet for me. I can't get myself to like dark chocolate though.
"Fat bottomed girls, you make the rocking world go round"
Yes, contact your family doctor. He or she can help you, as well as refer you to a psychiatrist (or other specialist) if necessary. Are you required to state a reason when booking the appointment? I've never had to do this, but if you are, you could tell them you'd like to talk about anxiety, or something more general such as "mental health issues". I hope it goes well for you. I wish you the best.
That's exactly how I feel. If someone in my house is vomiting, I have to leave the house.
Currently the top student in my level of the accounting program. Managed to finish the year with a 96% average while taking up to 8 classes at once.
Those are my favourite! My boyfriend always buys those to cheer me up when I'm grumpy lol
Pancit, lumpia, and my Filipino boyfriend
Thanks! Love your username.
I might have to do that!
I've tried it. I talked to quite a few girls, but unfortunately it never led to anything. I might have to give it another shot though!
Hi, thanks for starting this sub!
This is so true. Just subscribed to /r/trollanxiety!
I first went to college for a diploma in office administration. At the end of my diploma, I had to take a couple of accounting courses and I fell in love with accounting! So now I'm working on my accounting degree.
I believe this is only in eastern Canada though. I live in BC and I've never seen a bag of milk.
Yeah, I was thinking of Ontario. I'm in BC so everything is "east" to me lol
I agree with you there. It's gross. I don't understand why anybody would find it funny.
My little sister is graduating from high school tonight!
We use it up pretty quickly in our house so we don't have that problem. But there's always cartons, which are smaller and easier to handle!
Thanks, will do!
You go girl! Congrats!
Moose (and moosey). Not sure how it started, but I love it now. It's unique!
Probably anything medical related. I wouldn't mind working in the healthcare field, as long as I'd never, ever, ever see vomit (I have emetophobia). Unfortunately it's probably hard to avoid.
Same here. Well I actually wouldn't mind working in the healthcare field IF I knew that I would never, ever have to come into contact with vomit in any way (I have emetophobia). Unfortunately that's pretty much impossible so I'm going to stay far, far away.
Lots of salads! They're nice and refreshing to have for dinner on hot days. For treats, either bubble tea or frozen yogurt. We hit up the local froyo shop way too often in the summer.
Same here! I love Grey's Anatomy.
Phở! So nice on a cold day.
Wow, all of those sound delicious!
The oatmeal looks so good, I'll have to try this! Reminds me of banana bread!
Hi there. I just started taking Lexapro a few months ago. I have health anxiety and emetophobia, so I understand your anxiety about starting the medication. I was nervous about the potential side effects as well, so it took me a few days to work up the courage to start taking it. I started by taking 5 mg for the first week, then went up to 10 mg. I actually experienced no side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first week or two. My anxiety is much more manageable now and I'm glad that I started taking this medication. Of course everyone's different, and your experience may be different from mine, but any side effects you might experience should be fairly mild, and they should subside within a few weeks. Keep in mind that it will take about six weeks before the medication takes full effect. If you have any questions about my experience, I'd be happy to answer them. Good luck!
I never went through a party phase. Partying has never appealed to me. I don't regret not having one at all.
I've been on escitalopram for a few months now, and I'd say I've gained between 5 and 10 pounds already. I'm just so hungry all the time! Hopefully I can keep the weight gain under control.
I'm a white woman dating an Asian man. We've been together three years and we've never experienced any sort of racism. We live in a very multicultural city though, so interracial relationships are common.
If he wants to eat it, he can go right ahead. I know he wouldn't be afraid to tell me if it tasted like crap.
I usually take a long bath with some goodies from Lush, then make a nice cup of tea.
Exactly what I was going to say. I doubt I'll come into contact here in Canada, and not planning on becoming pregnant any time soon, so personally I'm not worried at all.
Couldn't tell you. I have no interest in it whatsoever. Or sports, for that matter.
I take Lexapro as well, and it's been working well for me. But what works well for some might not work well for others. I'd suggest talking to your doctor and seeing what medications he or she suggests. As already mentioned, you may have to try a couple medications before you find the one that works best. Your doctor will be able to work with you to find a medication that's right for you. I hope everything goes well for you. Good luck!
I don't own one. I live in Canada.
Went on a mini grocery run consisting of coffee, cream, and Boom Chicka Pop sweet and salty kettle corn. The entire bag is gone already, oops...
Coffee, because I like the way it tastes. I drink tea from time to time, but only the herbal varieties. I can't stand the way actual tea tastes.
[The one I used today](http://as7.disneystore.com/is/image/DisneyShopping/6551011371330?$full$) has Tigger on it.
Hi there. I have health anxiety, and I've been taking escitalopram for a few months now. It's definitely helped with my health anxiety. It's toned down my anxiety quite a bit and made it much more manageable. I also see a counsellor from time to time.
Hi there! I started Cipralex a few months ago. For me, the fatigue lasted about two weeks, and I felt better after that. It took about two more weeks before I started noticing the effects though. Hang in there! I hope it goes well for you.
Cilantro. I can detect it instantly if it's in a dish. I wish I didn't hate it though, because it's in so many different cultures' foods! Oh, and pickles.
I had no interest in video games whatsoever up until about two years ago. The only game I had tried playing was Call of Duty, which I didn't enjoy at all. I thought all video games were similar so I wasn't interested in them. Nobody bothered me about it, except one guy I dated who was obsessed with gaming. Then my boyfriend introduced me to Diablo 3 and Skyrim, both of which I enjoy. I'm starting to get into some other games now.
My mom did that too. When I was taking a medication that wasn't supposed be taken with dairy, my mom thought I was going to die if I didn't drink milk with dinner for the whole week.
Those baby corns are so gross!
Using a food scale makes a huge difference! I highly recommend it.
Oh, I thought they meant a Diablo patch to sew onto a backpack or something.
Do you mean a patch with a Diablo logo on it that you can sew onto your clothes? Sorry, don't know of anywhere to buy them, just trying to figure out what you're looking for.
I've heard about this before, but it doesn't really taste soapy to me.
Yeah, exactly. Plus regular patches are incredibly easy to find online.
She's interested in him/her?
I'd think it was sweet! Can't imagine my boyfriend knitting though.
Yeah, exactly! It kinda tastes like chemicals to me.
Those are best! I've been obsessed with Brussels sprouts lately ever since I made them that way.
Me too. Both me vomiting and other people vomiting.
Who makes fun of somebody for going to the library? I basically live there during the school year. I admire anyone else who does the same.
They're different for me. When it comes to reading, I only read non-fiction books. But when watching TV, I tend to watch fictional stuff rather than educational programs.
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro a few months ago. I was nervous at first. It took me a couple days to work up the courage to start taking it, but I'm glad I did. It has made my anxiety much more manageable. I hardly experienced any side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first two weeks. I believe nausea is another common side effect. Any side effects that you do experience should subside within a couple weeks though. If you have any questions about my experience I can try my best to answer them. I hope it goes well for you.
Anybody have recommendations?
I got Stardew Valley a couple months ago and I love it! I'll be sure to check out Firewatch though. Thanks for the suggestions!
Yes, I was having constant headaches and numbness in my face which caused me to wonder if I had a brain tumor. Luckily I had an MRI of my brain for another issue, which proved to me that I didn't have a tumor (or anything else wrong for that matter).
That's my new favourite too!
I'd say that's valid. I'm still hoping it makes some kind of turnaround next season. Seems unlikely though.
I loved Meredith and Cristina in Grey's Anatomy. Cristina was hilarious.
Pickle relish.
Arrow, it's up to you. Depends on how much Felicity you can handle. Definitely watch Flash though! I enjoyed this season.
I've watched everything except the last season. Is it even worth it?
Haven't been there in a while, but if they have blueberry pancakes I'd probably order those.
Drink herbal tea. I find chamomile and Valerian root to be the most soothing.
French onion.
Nope. Got them taken out when I was 13 or 14.
I had them taken out without being put to sleep. It wasn't bad, honestly.
Thanks for the tip!
I'm taking Lexapro. It's definitely improved my mood and made my anxiety more manageable. I can't say it's made me more productive though. I feel like my anxiety is what made me so productive in the first place, so now that I'm less anxious, I'm more laid back about things and therefore not quite as productive.
I get out of bed for coffee.
1. Coffee 2. Laptop 3. Daily planner 4. Multiple colours of pens 5. Post-it notes
Herbal tea helps me. I also stay away from coffee when my stomach is acting up.
I absolutely hate them. Even if you pick them off, they leave their gross juice everywhere and ruin the taste of whatever you're eating.
I like Scandal, but I'm not crazy about How to Get Away with Murder. I watched the first season but that's it.
I live in Canada and haven't heard of it either.
Yes, Stardew Valley! So much fun!
Gotta check out this cooking game!
I don't think I've seen any. I accidentally revealed mine to my coworkers though (as a result of a bathing suit malfunction at a work get together).
As others have said, please go see a doctor. Even if it turns out to be nothing, it'll give you peace of mind.
I take a bath, then drink a nice cup of herbal tea.
It sounded like that to me as well. I have a couple that are just permanently swollen for some reason.
Whichever spicy sauce is available.
I have anxiety. It's mainly health-related. I've been on medication for a few months now though, and it's much more manageable.
My legs never work. For some reason, I can only walk around on my knees, and when I try to stand up, I fall back down. It doesn't help that my anxiety medication has been increasing these dreams.
When a burger or sandwich has a pickle in it.
Well I'm in Canada, so maybe Snow.
SSRIs affect everyone differently, so what works best for one person might not work best for you. Sometimes it can be a bit of a trial and error process to find the SSRI that works best for you. Unfortunately you won't know how it'll affect you until you start taking it, so I'd suggest trying whichever one your doctor suggests and going from there. I wish you luck!
I'm not familiar with this place, but based on the menu I found online, I think the apple walnut chicken salad might be an okay choice. It comes with a vinaigrette dressing which should be fairly low-calorie, but you can ask for it on the side and add as much or as little as you'd like. I'm not sure if they allow customization, but you could probably ask for no nuts and no cheese as well. But remember that it's okay to live life and treat yourself once in a while, so try not to worry too much and enjoy the experience! One meal won't make a difference in the long run.
I get lower back pain. I once got my boyfriend to roll over me repeatedly like a rolling pin which actually kind of helped.
Well, you can either: a) Go back and delete any posts that you don't want people to see b) Create a new account c) Be more mindful of what you post from now on or some combination of the three.
For me personally, a combination of medication and counselling has made my health anxiety more manageable.
Caffeine and anxiety don't go well together, that's for sure. Try to stop drinking caffeine or at least cut down on it significantly. For me, just switching to decaf coffee has made a noticeable difference in my anxiety symptoms.
Brussels sprouts. They're so good roasted!
I don't think it's based on age. I just think it's based on whatever the parents ask you to call them.
Do you have any of your own money? You may be able to find a counsellor on your own and pay for it yourself. If not, I'd suggest letting your parents know that you're experiencing anxiety and you'd like to see a counsellor about it. They might be able to help you work out a plan. Even if they can't afford it right away, they might be able to put aside some money to help pay for appointments. There's no harm in asking them.
Nothing, because I'm in Canada. I don't plan on celebrating Canada Day either though.
I take an SSRI which is used to treat both anxiety and depression, but I take it mainly for anxiety. It's definitely made a noticeable difference in my anxiety. I've also had almost no side effects.
I think I'll always remember him, but that's about it.
Baby wipes.
No reason, just not sure I'll do anything different on that day. Don't have any plans at the moment.
Probably something about the Olympics.
Usually just up to the knee, but in the summer I shave the whole leg.
I've noticed that quite a few people pronounce milk that way.
That's interesting. Most people I know pronounce it your way.
That's my favourite app as well. I set mine to go off every ten minutes.
I found her annoying at first too, but she's kinda grown on me. I think she's cute.
I'm working on my accounting degree as well. I feel the same way, I wish I found it sooner! I went through a few years of schooling before I ended up studying accounting.
As already said, it varies from person to person. I started Lexapro about three months ago, and I experienced no side effects. It's made my anxiety much more manageable though. Even if you so experience some side effects, they should subside within a few weeks, so hang in there! It's worth it. I wish you the best.
Spicy Cheetos.
Can't wait!
Personally, I've never found it appropriate. It's unattractive and unhealthy, in my opinion.
Happy birthday! I wish you the best.
Personally, I was lucky enough to not have any side effects, besides feeling sleepy for the first couple weeks. Any side effects should subside within a few weeks, so hang in there! I hope it goes well for you.
If you're not used to it, yes. It tastes terrible.
I'm in a relationship, so I've only used Bumble's BFF feature. I talked to a few girls, but I never ended up meeting up with anyone. Their interests were quite different from mine.
Hi there! I started taking Lexapro a few months ago. I was hesitant at first, but now I think it's one of the best choices I've made. It's made my anxiety much more manageable. I also practice mindfulness, meditation, yoga, and see a counsellor. Adding medication to the mix has helped me get my anxiety under control.
I have a lot of physical symptoms, including headaches, tingling in my hands and feet, and numbness in my face. It took me a long time and a lot of medical tests to convince myself that these symptoms were only due to anxiety.
Olive oil for cooking most dishes, sesame oil for cooking Asian dishes, and canola oil for baking.
