Yup. I see a lot of disdain for Bran and Jon's stories but they're up there in my favorites.
Flaked corn. Outside of cream ales most brewers get high-horsey and hate on corn, but it can dry some ales out wonderfully. Recently had an IPA that was standard 2-row, light amount of a high crystal, 15% flaked corn and it was absolutely fantastic.
I figured the wall was already there, and it was meant to keep people from the sea out. I could be wrong, but that's what I figured. There wasn't much room from coast-to-wall, so it would be pretty useless otherwise.
These guys brought a damn blizzard with them. I'm sure they don't care for fire, but it's going to take more than some lamps to faze 'em.
You're confusing 'uncivilized' with 'evil'.
Same. Video game violence not so much, but definitely needed over on /r/gifs where female nudity etc is abundent.
Dumb dags are the best dags.
But I'm American. Jeans and polos are my heritage.
Exactly. There's lots of in-book evidence he is an old creature. Never once considered this theory.
Well, we haven't seen Thoros poop out any shadow babies, nor have we seen Mel revive someone. Hard to know.
It gradually gets a bit more main-plot focused... without ever straying from the bad-guy-of-the-week. I still love the show, but it did get frustrating at times when you just want to find out more about The Smoking Man! But it never does.
This game is definitely less toxic than league. In part due to the lack of lobby chat, part due to not being stuck in lane.
IDK - I seriously doubt matchmaking takes AI games into account? Matchmaking is definitely a tough thing for all games -- especially free ones such as HOTS and LoL where someone can 'smurf' and wreck others. But as just a few week old player myself, I haven't found QM that bad at all. I'm thinking it's a combination of extremely bad luck + you aren't any good. Just keep in mind it's all about map awareness and rotating as a team to objectives. If you're losing early game it generally doesn't even matter at this level -- stick together as a team and wreck them.
Im off for the night but am generally on Tues, Wed and Thurs from 5-10 PST or so. Play with another friend generally. Send me a PM if you want to play tomorrow or so.
tree fiddy?
Nope. Gargantuan AI is terrible. I use mine mostly for camps and pushing it seems.
All of my LHBSs have a generic PET carboy that works well. Morebeer and the other big name brand shops do as well. Exactly the same quality as the old BBs I had.
In my old place I had one of those generic plastic cabinets for $50-70: http://www.busybeaver.com/images/subdepartments/550x550/Tall-Cabinet-SB.jpg Could fit my empty kegs on the bottom, two carboys laying on a shelf, hoses etc up top. Now I just have all of my brewing stuff in the garage, and my carboys get stored in a closet. Have thought about getting another one of those though to keep it more organized. Plus once I left my racking hose in the garage and found spiders in it &gt;&lt;. Whatever -- nothing star san can't fix right?
Went there last month after Punchbowl Falls. Pretty nice place!
Yeah and in the first one you think is a 'neat adventure' you forgot the warehouse down the road had some pretty nasty super-concentraded chemicals mixing in with all of the homeowners bleach and toilet cleaners etc.
Hah! That's a nice fantasy, comrade. In my situation unfortunately my glorious pond would be filled with stuff like this: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/spanish-man-dies-drinking-detergent-served-wine-article-1.2260890 from one of those cafes.
I can't imagine how rabid a turbonerd a person has to be to repost something just to bitch about it. Yeesh.
I disagree. Comedies start slow in general, but everything else, drama especially, should start on high notes. Breaking Bad, Dexter, BSG, SG1 etc etc so many great ep1 shows out there.
Good advice, really the only thing to do is be vigilant. Whenever I've been searching for an apartment/house.. hell anything I want to buy on Craiglist, you just have to search as often as you can and call immediately if you find something you like. I'd search in the morning when drinking my coffee at work, again near lunch, and again at night. I got my current townhouse by calling and scheduling an appointment right away. There were 17 people that called after me, that day alone.
Damn. impressive.
Youve been drinking extremely shitty sangria..
I'd go phlog pyro and eat the delicious heavies.
Worth a shot giving the police her number. I once had a really sketchy hit and run case, where someone backed into my parked car and totally destroyed it (how is that even possible?). Guy left his name and number, but when I called he wouldnt give me any insurance info etc. I gave it to the police and he quickly confessed. Turns out it was a teen driving his Dad's truck and daddy was dishonest and told him not to talk to me.
The thing that worries me is not when he'll finish TWOW, but when he'll finish the series. 6 years for this book, how long is it going to take him to finish the last book? Tie up all the loose strings and make everything come together?
It looks cool..
Finally a house I might be able to afford. Maybe.
It was great, that's for sure. It was a perfect adaptation. Not sure I'd say it was better, since it's so so close though.
Person who jumped ontop is lucky they didnt get crushed and seriously hurt.
He was terrible in it.
tl;dr
He has control of it all... he could simply say piss off to everyone and not finish it. Nothing anyone can do about it.
I didnt know your mum had a mic
Portland OR? When/where do you guys meet? I'm out of Tualatin. I did one here on the west side last summer and it was way too much bubblegum beer for me.. kinda scared of more clubs now &gt;&lt;
But besides other pyros who gets so close? Whenever I play Phlog against a competent heavy/demo/soldier/sniper I just get crushed usually. All they have to do is backpeddle and shoot and I cant touch them. I do admit on some maps the flank potential makes it pretty stupid, however. Honestly I dont even feel the phlog is to blame, but scorch shot is incredibly OP. You can light up an entire team so easy, completely nullify their snipers, and get phlog charged so quick. I think Phlog needs to nerf how much burn damage from secondaries charges it. Maybe 50% flame-damage charge from secondary burn.
The sentence you quoted was in regards to "trick"stabs, not phlog.
The one watching thinks he tied one knot, the one tying it thinks he did the other. He mentions arguing with himself over it, and cant decide which he tied. edit: know/knot &gt;&lt;
The only thing generally detrimental about city water is the use of chloramines. If yours has it you need to get some Campden tablets. Besides that it's all just recipe-specific. You need to keep your pH within a range, and then there's certain flavor profiles (high sulfate for IPAs, for instance) that help make your beers really pop. So just going from your base water you'll probably find that either your light or dark beers always seem just OK, while the others turn out great. Grab your cities water profile and download brunwater. It's going to be extremely overwhelming at first but there are some good guides and a lot of help over on HBT science section.
Oooh, tasty.
What's the use for this? Is it for minis?
Why ever turn reload off?
Minerals are definitely beneficial taste wise. Also well water is usually hard, but all over the place based on your water shed. You might have extremely high bicarbonate content and need to cut with RO.
Soft water is a great thing to have. I live in Portland OR and have extremely soft water too. General rule of thumb is for lighter beers you'll need to add some acid to bring the pH down. In heavy roast beers you'll possibly need to add some bicarbonate (baking soda is easy) to bump the pH up a bit. Beyond that there's some personal preference; add sulfate for IPAs and chloride for maltier beers. Strongly advise you not to add things willy-nilly though unless it's just basic things like http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=198460 (assuming youre doing all grain). If you dont have a good water profile and brunwater or other calculator you can do more harm than good.
Love seeing all the trucks. Stereotyping, sure, but I always feel they're the worst offenders. HURR DURR MA 4WD MEANS 4WHEEL STOP
I got a Fit to fit my Great Dane. I'm still unsure how magnets work, but I believe so.
Just wanting everyone to know the 'burbs out here are pretty good. Last month when it was flooding I opened my arms to beckon yonder, with a warm and dry embrace. Now I once again extend my hospitality of ice-free embrace. We can all drive merily and make fun of bicyclists together.
Greatest building in the world!
Wow, that's really shitty. What now? Are there placed to get shitfaced at 7:50am?
I wear my studded shoes all winter so that I don't have to worry about chaining up on days like this.
It doesnt look so high anymore. It's a free chair though.
If only he had one of those fancy windows machines instead of only writing on a DOS desktop =\
Roads are looking pretty good now... think I might go to work.
Already had a french press this morning... kinda coffee'd out. Also, mayhaps I'm in the wrong thread, but I don't like hot cocoa &gt;&lt;
First time eh? It's beautiful like the valley here and they have 100 different kinds of pork cuts and brats. fuckin BRATS bro.
Exactly. I'm rich enough already.
You mean Django or whatever the hell they're called.
Is it still bad out there near you? I went out at 7 and it was iced hell outside, couldn't even walk on my lawn without slipping. Tried again at 11 and it was perfectly fine (just slush) and came in to work. Our parking lot etc here doesnt even have remnants of ice now at 2:40.
Put the fruit in a BIAB/hopsock type bag and pull it out when youre done with it.
And if it looks to be under $500 in damage the cops give you a bunch of sass about calling them. Whatever, not getting screwed by insurance.
Spring rolls will cure all of your woes.
You need to perfect the barrel roll.
I'm eternally in serious need of good side-recipe ideas. I get bored of misc sauteed veggies and the wife has a wheat allergy (basically means gluten free) so pasta sides etc are out. Prefer to do something healthier than just taters or rice too. Would love some good ideas. Basically... what can I do to spruce up some veg?
Was where I am at least. Everything is melted, barely any slush left on my lawn. Cars were clean. Roads are perfectly fine.
Just neat and historic. But yeah, storing slurry in a mason jar is going to be the better route.
Give us a recent recipe. And any idea what your water profile is like? Do you find other light beers to be lacking in things as well? Do your dark beers come out great?
It was the flip-flopping. When she's in the Eyrie and covers for Baelish she starts being a player. When she dies her hair black and comes down as a total bombshell it was exciting. Then she goes back to pitiful damsel in distress immediately afterwards. Either have her start being a player or have her continue to get crushed by the Lannisters/Boltons.
I love the last two, but only because I started reading right after S1, so I wasn't waiting 6 years for not much to advance. They definitely are bloated, but the depth is amazing. Goldenhand's chapters are some of the best in the series.
They sure love sitting like that! Love that color pattern.
Yeah, my KS black box cost about everything spare I had.
I love the last weapon key. It's so easy to hit Q instead of 1-2-3-4.
Good mroing friend
Knowing what is to happen definitely alters your experience. Like how in good dramas today even the main characters aren't safe. Having your characters get into sticky situations just isn't suspenseful anymore if everyone knows they're going to be fine.
Wow, sorry to hear you've been on the receiving end of it. Nothing good ever comes from turbonerd vigilantism.
Stargate SG-1 for me. The first few seasons are just absolutely insane. Love their take on mythology and villains. It's unique and really good. It drops off towards the end unfortunately. Battlestar Galactica is still fresh in my mind as probably the worst ending to a show I've seen apart from Dexter. I loved it at first too, but that last season killed it for me. Star Trek (only one I've watched entirely is TNG) is great, but the episodic nature gets old to me.
Yup, season 2 was very good to me as well. It seems most people on Reddit just don't like TWD unless they're blasting zombies nonstop every episode. I don't get it. Season 3 and 4 pre-terminus were the worst for me. The drew The Governor plot out way, way too long. If they had condensed those two seasons into one it'd have been great and a successful villain. Everything after Terminus was absolutely killing it in my opinion. Loved it. Then the last half of this past season (Glenn shenanigans) has me not even wanting to watch anymore. No idea why they would ruin all of the momentum they had with that garbage.
There was a trailer for it when I went to see, I think, Star Wars. It was really bad. Rehuheheeeely bad.
I vacuum my living room a couple times a week now, with a more thorough deep clean more sporadically. It takes like 2 mins to do a quick runover. I'm not sure if it's more about the hair or him dropping treat particles all over my carpet.
Glorious, yes.
Mine's barely a step up from yours. In the garage next to my homebrew setup. I have a folding patio set next to the garage door.. but it's also next to the kegerator ;)
Tonnes of fantastic breweries here. Take your pick. Cascade, Commons, Breakside, Deschutes, HUB, so many. Brunch I'm not too versed on. Genies is fantastic. If youre wanting something spendy there's a place called Salty's that does a seafood and typical breakfast food buffet. I think it's $50ish a pop, but man o man eating your weight in lox, crab, crepe, biscuits etc is worth.
Id rather just wait.
A different better, not necessarily a worse one.
Looks like fermenting beer. That's just yeast cloudiness, and also the activity keeps everything churning.
What's your number? I'll send you some smile-selfies.
Gold!
Wow. I hope that power line is ready to face federal charges!
Damn I was just about to post this one too. Great article.
Wow. I just got a Dane about a month ago (11mo now) and he was 110 at 10mos, cant imagine 140 at 7! Granted his previous owners seemed to be underfeeding him, and poor food.
Is there any reason to believe he dies from something more sinister, like mutiny, than just the explosion/fire stuff at Summerhall?
When I'm king a daily allowance of tots will be given to all of my loyal subjects.
Dont worry, after Glenn it's apparently they won't kill off any major character at all.
I always find it odd/tacky to do it infront of other people, so I vote to go somewhere scenic. Whether it's an easy hike out in The Gorge, or maybe a nice picnic somewhere?
&gt; Something unique to Portland? A romantic proposal waiting in line at Voodoo next to the homeless camps.
Must see scenic areas? Without a doubt go to the Columbia River Gorge, or could go to Mt Hood area if you'd rather have mtn views. These are touristy places, but just an idea for you to see how beautiful it is, google image these: Vista house, multnomah falls, angels rest hike. Unfortunately in August everything accessible will be busy. Will have to do a decent hike or maybe just pull over somewhere to picnic. Portland proper has the Forest Park, Washington Park, Rose test garden etc which will also be traversed but plenty of nooks for you to picnic and propose in. Edit: also a lot of people here love the coast. It's pretty, but it's cold and windy so I don't get the big deal. A couple hour drive and you could certainly find somewhere pretty to pull off and propose somewhere along hwy101.
Yeah yeah, but what's the cultural impact? =\
Running out of CO2 is perfectly fine. The keg is sealed so no oxygen is getting in. If you pulled pints until it wouldnt flow your beer might be pretty undercarbed by the time you get more CO2, nothing a day of charging wont fix.
Oh. It'll still be fine. Keep the lid on and if youre worried about oxygen then drink it fast once you have CO2.
Yeah, OP could make a sour involving lacto. More efficient to just eat some yogurt, kraut etc.
I think post Gov up to the first quarter of this season is amazing. I vote yes.
Honestly most pubs make a pretty decent tot. A lot of people like to piss on McMenamins, but happy hour beer and cajun tots? Don't mind if I do! Tilt has these jalapeno 'tots' that are downright amazing. Definitely you need to go try them. Theyre more of a potato cake or something than a tot I feel, so be aware of that. I used to work in Canby and there's a sportsbar there called The Backstop who makes a mean tot and club sammich, along with having a good beer selection. Not many places these days have a good club sandwich/tot combo, so that place still holds a sweet spot in my memories. Baked sandwiches + tots is just too much, when I go for tots I need something a little less greasy for the side course, melts are just too much.
I think a miniseries is probably the best story-telling tv/movie platform. Just long enough to cover and flesh out everything necessary, not too long that you need to fluff. I understand from a money-making perspective it's more profitable to go with multiple seasons due to building followings and maintaining viewers and everything, but with the massive GOT success it'd be sweet if they could just pump out various ASOIAF world stories after the main series is over. GOT Rebellion. GOT Long Night. GOT Summerhall. GOT Valyria. Of course it'd certainly be way too much of a good thing, but I could dig it.
I've heard great things of Modern Times, never had the chance to try one though. Wish they distributed outside of Cali.
I have three bruises toenails from my Great Dane stepping on my foot.
Eh. Monster of the week shoes get old, there's no doubt about that, but it's also the meat and potatoes of X-Files. The overarching conspiracy theory eps are great, but not exactly enough to stand up on their own in my opinion. Some of the monster eps were the best of the bunch.
So's that Jesus or what? Edit: was going for sarcasm. That's what he's gonna get showing his tat to people lol.
I seem to do just OK with the phlog. http://i.imgur.com/2oOa88z.jpg
Confirmed TF2 is played by kindergarteners.
Depends entirely on how much you run the heater and how insulated your place is. Thats not too high of a bill if you run the heat a lot.
Looks like it's code that a smoke alarm has to be located within 20ft from a kitchen. Normally they're right outside (so regular cooking smoke doesnt set them off). I'm betting it simply works off of a continuous decibels, so the 'unique' beeps (all are the same in my exp) is a bit of a non-issue. I agree though that in many places the depth issue is real. I for sure couldn't fit it behind my stove.
If you have decent credit interest rates are laughably low, it's stupid NOT to finance.
You can get 4% ranges pretty easily if you don't have bad credit - not even requiring great credit. Better to finance the car and pump down that 6% rates.
You are incredibly defensive for no reason. What is your deal? I don't even get what you are debating at this point. Are you saying it's not a fire hazard to have a toaster that can ignite? In addition to you thinking a shower can setoff a fire alarm?
Stop trying so hard. It doesn't fit and you should feel bad. Great joke, OP!
Are you saying it's not? OP has literally gotten tens of internet points! What's next, The White House?!
You wouldnt notice a pool, it is a gas at room temp and pressure I believe. Sounds like a compressor issue. I'd take a look and see if the tubing gets cold at all and what not.
Fridge with a heat source (heat tape, brewbelt thing, lightbulb in can, ceramic heater, whatever.) in the garage. Done.
Well I'll be the dissenting voice -- gloves and squeezing is way too messy and hard. Get a ratcheting pulley. Boom, done. http://i.imgur.com/Qr03Gwm.jpg?1
Yeah, just a simple ratcheting pulley. If you have yet to buy a bag check out Wilser's BIAB bags on HBT. He has great bags and sells pulleys too for a fair price.
It's not gay if you use a glove.
Yup, looks great.
Have you never played with dry ice? Poor chap.
Did I miss some patch notes? I used to love the Vacc but after the nerf awhile back I just haven't seen much use for it.
I went from 3v eHERMS back to BIAB. Love it. Only con is a lack of bling.
Ratcheting Pulley is sub $10 at any hardware store. If you're not a garage brewer though it can be hard to find a place to hang the pulley though. If an outside brewer a ladder works fine. With the pulley setup I don't make a mess at all anymore. Cleaner than swapping hoses etc around.
If your dishwaser has a sanitize cycle, yes. Rinse the bottles out in the sink too just to make sure they're trub-free.
Sometimes when I play Sniper I taunt after every kill just to be an asshole.
After what transpired last week this is just dumb. Give it up, guys.
Still a bad tag line for the show/poster.
Forest Park / Washington Park aren't far drives from Beaverton at all. Also can check out the Tualatin Wildlife Preserve, it's just a casual stroll though.
Beautiful, love the head pattern!
nerf solly
I've never had anything but Perlicks, what's it like usign the cheap ones? I admit to being less than stellar about cleaning my taps.
Define "city feel".
Haven't had much from them, but I'll have to check this one out if I see it. I quite enjoyed Fort George's Java The Hop every once in awhile.
How many of them were snipers and bitching they couldnt fight out of spawn? OP Pyro of course!
For mobility yeah you can. It's rough though when you rocket jump and then come upon an enemy and have one or two rockets left &gt;&lt;.
Only problem is where did you set your beer???
LOL!
Interview With The Vampire is my favorite. I recall quite liking 30 Days of Night when it came out, but to be honest I can't even recall a single thing from the movie anymore...
And since this is Portland, Pizzicato has the best gluten-free (My wife has wheat allergy rip snoopwire getting tasty pizza) I've found. It's like fuckin' $30 for a pie though.
Why delete this?
&gt;It was a neat gadget, but looked like the kind of thing anyone with a sewing machine could easily make. You can say that about a vast majority of products and services. People would rather buy things than learn to do it themselves.
Not just sewing machines, I'm trying to say "it's easy to make" doesn't really discount a product's viability. There are many companies that make extremely easy food products for instance. Or the entire oil changing industry, etc etc. There are many products and services that someone could DIY in 30mins.
Peanut butter sandwiches (no jelly) goes great with coffee. When I used to be more active I did a cup of cottage cheese for the proteins. Kept me surprisingly full. Various oatmeals are always great.
Tell me about it. I got a sampler of some Tatuajes and they all just have a "Tatuaje" band. Some have an "Exlcusive" band I think. Uhh, that's great but which one am I smoking?
What a shithole.
Great proximety to shopping and restaurants! Covered patio! ALL WINDOWS WITH A FANTASTIC VIEW!
Are those dead fish that washed up to the shore and then froze, or is that some kind of flash-freezing wickedness that killed 'em all?
I don't agree. Jerry's is significantly higher pitched.
LOL thats' awesome. I've been telefragged quite a few times trying to melee down teleporters.. even when nowhere near standing on them. You think I'd have learned by now...
i mean, who doesn't loev free swag?
I had an IPA last weekend that was made with this hop plus (I think) Simcoe and holy-hell did that combo make a distinct tropical fruity. I'm more of a typical pine/grapefruit guy so I didn't quite care for it. It was extremely fruity. Looking at the spec sheet I'm surprised it's all about the orange, was expecting more tropical mentions. I know Simcoe gets some passionfruity stuff, but I've never had it be that intense. Maybe that plus the orange just played off eachother.
Guess I better buy a few trucks, whoo boy man tell ye wha'
I don't think I've ever been to this fall before, oddly enough. How's the hike?
Yeah understand, I prefer a more remote and longer hike too. That falls is pretty though, Ill have to stop there next time.
I once was playing Scout and our fourth Sniper completely flipped his shit about me taking the tele. Sorry bro, you werent even near when I got to the tele, and you're useless anyways. I agree when it's not level 3 or there's a line, but some people get a bit vitriolic about scout-teles.
Ive repitched from 7% IPA to IPA a lot. I get that's not too extreme though. Whenever I normally do a big beer it's already repitched from another cake, and I get plenty enough yeast to pitch in the big one + have another for repitching later.
Potatoes, onion, sausage, peppers all chopped and wrapped in aluminum. Throw that on the fire and good2go. Personally I always do that and sandwiches, hate cleaning camping cookware with bottled water or some shit.
There's been a few times where I had extremely low health, no medics or dispensers near. Doesn't matter, Scorch Shot extremely OP. Just spam flares for 15 seconds and then taunt to full health, continue playing.
I DO TOO. I HOMEBREW AND YOU THINK THAT'D MAKE ME THE MOST POPULAR NEIGHBOR, RIGHT? HEY FREE BEER FUCKFACE, COME BE MY FRIEND. NOPE, ONE NEIGHBOR IS SUPER FAT AND CAN'T DRINK ALCOHOL BECAUSE OF HIS OBESE PILLS KEEPING HIM FROM HAVING A HEART ATTACK OR STROKE OR SOMETHING. NOT THAT I'D WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH A WHALE ANYWAYS. THE OTHER NEIGHBORS ARE LIKE 50 WITH KIDS ALMOST MY AGE AND THAT'S NO FUN EITHER. WHY CANT THE WIFE AND I EVER MEET FELLOW DINK'S?
SOMETIMES THOSE FLASHING LIGHTS MAKE ME WANT TO SEIZE. I GUESS RUNNING THEM OVER DUE TO A SEIZURE IS BETTER THAN RUNNING THEM OVER BECAUSE I CAN'T SEE THEM.
http://33.media.tumblr.com/d67da69a14847470c6cbfb89bb206a4d/tumblr_mmbofiBVUx1s8vm12o1_500.gif I'm not aware of one.
Try it again with a flare gun. It's necessary to make the Phlog really pop. A couple Scorch Shots and you can roll into a fight pre-charged. Kick some ass and when you're about dead, boom, pop and sweep up. Or alternatively, have it ready to pop as people walk around the corner.
I CAN ONE UP YOU - MY VARIOUS CONTROL PANELS LOOK LIKE BOMBS http://i.imgur.com/0Bg24.jpg http://i.imgur.com/iM6TNvN.jpg http://i.imgur.com/70vKist.jpg
Come to the suburbs - we're friendly since we actually have jobs.
YEAH EHERMS IS FANTASTIC. I HAD ONE BUT ACTUALLY DOWNSIZED BACK TO EBIAB FOR CLEANING PURPOSES. MY ONE ADVICE IS TO DEFINITELY GO BOTTOM-DRAINING KETTLES IF YOU 3V HERMS EVENTUALLY.
Bet they're studded too!
Can bend the diptube up if you arent wanting to cut, also.
I've honestly never had to do it, so I can't say for certain. I've bent other tubing before without a bender, if you're not doing anything too complicated (all you need is to raise it a tad), pivot it against a hard surface and go slow you should be fine.
I know I've had a commercial beer that was only Nelson Sauvin. I can't recall the name though.... What's the reasoning stated behind not overdoing it? It's not like Summit where you might get some nice onion/garlic flavors, I hope!
Not Onion worthy, just a baity title! Crazy story though. Customer service is a huge aspect to a business and that's a ridiculous story. Can't imagine not being able to get ahold of anyone on a 100K purchase or learn any info on a new ETA etc.
To be fair, not all porters have to be midnight black. Brown porters are a thing. Not so much here in the state as everything has to be bigger and bolder, but in England you'll find some.
I don't really get the point of your post? "What you've learned as a Pro brewer" and then the body is explaining probably the most common AG homebrew setup there is.
no?
&gt; Airlines are not gentle with checked items. And you think Fedex is? Lol.
Indeed. And to add to this, 1.030 isn't a bad stopping point for 1.115 at all. About where I expect beers that big.
Those paws! Got my GD at 10 mo, both happy and sad I missed the puppy stage.
Definitely good to run it on anything else. The new hip thing here is Nitro IPAs. I can't stand them. Mutes all of the great flavor and makes it not refreshing at all. Same with imperial stouts. Ever have Old Rasputin on nitro? It's so one dimensional, while the bottled version is one of my favorites. Dry stouts are about all I like on nitro from what I've found. Opinions though, everyone has different tastes. But only mine are correct ;)
Good idea, thanks!
Good idea, thanks!
Luckily he just tears them apart, doesnt eat any fluff.
Yeah, one of the best pilots. That was awesome. Cranston in his undies, too, hard to beat.
Looks great. It's amazing just what some fresh paint and cabinets can do to a place. Although I know you did a lot more than that, but those two things alone completely turn the place around.
I love west-coast IPAs. Can't stand ones that are sweet in the slightest. Simple grain bill is key-- I a lot of times will just do all of whatever base I have -- 2row, vienna, MO, even pils. When I'm not lazy I'll blend some wheat in there. Sometimes a dose of roasted barley just for color. Adding crystal to an IPA? Blegh. If you're making it a DIPA or even on the high range of standard IPA gravities, you need some sugar to dry it out. Hops -- almost always use more than what you want. I usually go for a solid pound minimum when I want a great IPA. If I don't want to spring for that I just make a hoppy pale. Get all of your IBUs from the 60min addition. Then save the rest for flameout and whirlpool. What I like doing is adding half at flameout and then half when it's down to 170F. Then of course another few ounce dry hop. Yeast -- I just use classic Chico strain. Fast and clean is all you need. Edit: And for water, I'm big on high sulfate. I do 300 for now. Been meaning to try more but always forget.
Maybe she just doesn't like her snout being held? Make an effort to touch it a lot and give her treats and stuff. In a training class I did that's one of the first things they said to do -- once a day when watching TV or whatever just sit down and pet your dog all over to get them used to being handled. Helps when going to the vet etc and they need to look at their teeths and what not.
Also check out coloradobrewsystems -- very well priced. I got one with two welded couplings and a 2" TC port for a heating element. The welds are great quality.
OK?
Honestly if you get a more lazy breed, and older, you can make it work. Dogs sleep A LOT. Exercise them in the morning and at night and they'll be fine lounging while you're at work. Or if you have a house, doggy doors are magic (wish I had a fenced yard!) I was in the same boat for the past few years though. Made decent money but didn't have the time. Now I live 3mi from my work so I can go home and it works out great. I take him for a short walk in the morning, come home and let him out on lunch, then a longer walk at night. He does fine, although can get a bit lonely in the late afternoon and bark a bit.
Yup. Only reason to play him after these nerfs is on defense guarding an engy.
Eh, I don't get why everyone likes this. It wouldn't be good. Already Phlog was just a noob killer. Take away either the kritz or full health and there's no reason to use it.
I met a traveller from an antique land Who said: “Two vast and trunkless legs of stone Stand in the desert . . . Near them, on the sand, Half sunk, a shattered visage lies, whose frown, And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command, Tell that its sculptor well those passions read Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things, The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed: And on the pedestal these words appear: ‘My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!' Nothing beside remains. Round the decay Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare The lone and level sands stretch far away.”
I'd love to hear some details on filming all LOTR movies at once if you have it. That's insane.
Yup, happens with other games as well. LoL pretty early on stopped hiring pro players because they're too one-sided.
It would have been over weeks ago if the feds didn't allow people to come and go. Idiots didn't bring enough food to last even a week.
I make 70 and most assuredly can't comfortably afford a 340k house. By the time I save up enough for a 20% downpayment, homes will probably be fuckin 500K.
Typical three vessel setup. But if you expect learning how to sparge on a HB setup will prepare you for pro brewing, you're going to be disappointed.
I have none of those things so I live and save comfortably but I still won't be buying a 340k house for the time being. Maybe I'm just not crazy enough to throw all my eggs in one basket and be housebroke though.
Yup. He means "hello far west Hillsboro."
Bond just needs good villains once again. That's why the recent few have been terrible. Spectre was a joke.
Since it's so fresh on your mind -- mind recapping S2 finale for me? I remember Vayne coming to Flint's aid and all of that awesomeness, but I can't quite recall what happened with Jack and the gold, Guthrie plotlines. Excited for S3 tomorrow!
I wouldnt. There's no point in preordering a game.
Home prices in Syria are ridiculously low right now. It's a buyer's market!
Not a bad ep, but pretty slow for a season premiere. Would have enjoyed something to payoff the hype I've had since S2 finale! Really looking forward to BlackBeard. I don't know the lore too much, even though I'm sure the show isn't following too strictly. Is BB going to be friendly with the Vayne and Flint? Although I suppose with 3x strong leaders of course they will but heads regardless.
Why the paper towel? Is that you being too lazy to use a plate?
There is no official store policy, it's the manager's decision.
Yeah I suppose this is the key I need to keep working on.
I'm not generally one for red, but this is awesome. Would cook there.
I've only walked out of one movie - Epic Movie. I was there for free, too.
rip in pieces humor
When I try to just hang a stogie in my mouth I wind up heaving the smoke just go straight up into my eyes. Any trick against that?
That's a little bit of a stretch. It's not too uncommon of a phrase.
There's a bar, right? Probably only thing worth doing in your spare time.
You notice how he didn't get shot when he had his hands up? Yeah, not a hard concept to surrender.
Like what? Interested to hear a typical day/week.
do u CS, bro?
One guy is a big fraud ring now?
http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/2/2b/Apply_cold_water_to_burned_area.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20121007165231
Yeah anytime I do a T6 Rift there are thousands playing it seems.
Like what? Clearly this isn't awwducational..
Doesn't it only go from Beav TC to Wilsonville right by that Coke plant? Seems that's pretty much the only reason to use it, if you work there.
What importance now?
"Now that greater rift keys gained importance I think it's quite indefensible." I dont get what that means. What importance did they recently gain?
Ale?! I love ale! Where?
oh those poor babies.
sounds hot, your mum single?
Man that's shitty. I'd have anxiety from everyone waiting around the MAX thinking I was just some texting asshole or something.
&gt; no interest in being trained or tamed. You train people, not dogs. Your roommates just didn't put the effort in to train and exercise the dag enough.
Eh -- you can be very useful as Spy. I love him on defense on payload. I take down medic/heavy teams all day. But removing spy would actually be a nerf for Engineer! Instead of terrible spies you have more spam rockets and stickies. Oy vey.
Gonna do a double brewday I think. Pilsner and then a nice quaffer pale ale. Summer brews!
I remember farming that one waypoint canyon for Goblins over and over. Half the time I couldnt even kill the fucker before he teleported away.
Main Dane-specific thing I can think of is how important it is to start training young on things you want to do when they're old. Most people are pretty casual about letting their puppies jump up -- it's cute! It's annoying when they're older through, and even more so when it's a 130lb Dane.
Lol. Point taken. Look to Britain and France for examples I'd prefer ;)
Devils advocate -- CFCs are significantly easier to clean than plate chillers and no chance of clogging. Slightly less efficient and bulkier. I personally greatly prefer CFCs but agree that if you take efforts to strain hops/trub a plate chiller works great as well.
Centennial is life.
Where did you see the 15A? That'd be an incredibly high load for a mini fridge. I really doubt so. Probably closer to 5. Screw the Johnson btw, check out these for half the cost and nicer: https://www.amazon.com/Inkbird-Itc-308-Temperature-Controller-Thermostat/dp/B011296704?ie=UTF8&amp;*Version*=1&amp;*entries*=0
You'll start seeing stuff soon. Since tenants usually only give a 30day notice, apartments dont start advertising openings until a tad after that.
have you done a lot of smash? I've brewed pales with 2row and MO and pilsner and the difference really is negligible. saying it'll be bland is a bit untrue to me.
Last year I tried my standard brown porter with pilsner yeast thinking I'd create some grand brown lager. It came out drinkable but quite odd. The standard ale version has the perfect balance of sweetness vs roastiness, nice and nutty, just enough IBU to make it crushable. As a lager the roast became incredibly pronounced and it lost any depth to it. Just kinda tasted like a hodgepodge of various dark malts. Was not refreshing at all.
Was curious to read more about the kidnapping, go to your profile and a few months ago you mention how your 'veteran father' passed away. Am I missing something?
My townhouse has two standalone units and I'm very thankful for it. Previous years of just boxfans was really rough. Gave me a good excuse to get shitfaced at the bar though. Closing on a house end of this month that has central AC and I'm very excited to have that for the bulk July/August heat. Edit: ITT jealous people without AC.
Great place for dog toys though!
who is whining?
Good thing they're at the park and not the zoo!
In Portland, OR it's a really hot market right now and my realtor said last year flips were a total of 4% of the market.
Clipped 'em :(
Aesthetics I believe. There are people that say Danes are prone to ear infections and clipping helps mitigate that as their can air out better or something, but from the reading I've done it seems largely baloney?
Ive been on the fence about getting a second one... this might seal the deal. Hilarious!
No One
There are videos I've seen where people attached a GoPro to their dog's collar to see what they were up to all day. Figured it'd be a funny video but instead it's just 8 hours of separation anxiety -- dog crying at the door, running from window-door-window looking for them etc. :(
hah old
The holy trinity!
I've paid these prices in both Fort Worth, TX and Portland, OR. $70sacks are ridiculous -- you can get per-lb base cheaper than that.
I recall buying them at Fort Worth Homebrew (Are they even open anymore? I can't find online). You just had to ask and get on the list for their next order. I also recall Stubby's selling sacks for cheaper than the normal per-lb price, but it wasn't a significant deal like sacks are usually. Been many years since I moved to OR though.
Sadly I don't think we'll ever get a clear picture of what Rhaegar was thinking. I do believe Lyanna wasn't kidnapped though, and ran away as a rash teen in love. We'll learn of that soon I reckon.
couldnt (he died) Im thinking.
Just leaves the dog locked up all day when they're home? What the hell. Don't understand why they'd even want to have the dog!
That's what bow volleys are all about. Don't need accuracy -- rain death in a line.
Brilliant! Might have to rip some out with your teeth though to make it believable.
THREAD HIJACK -- what is the quickest a sequel has ever come out?
Wow :( sorry to hear that. What happened during the operation?
Pizza tastings? Go on...
There are other places -- isn't the Reach known for wine as well?
It seems like 6 weeks is pretty common, but 8 is ideal. I'd wait it out if you can.
I've never had that, pretty asshole move! But every single day I get one of these two jokes: "That's not a dog, it's a horse!" or "do you got a saddle so you can ride that thing?" It's pretty annoying but I know they somehow think they're being folksy so I just smile or say "yup" and move on.
You guys are being just as bad as the_donald members now. Stop shitposting memes nonstop and let us read something on /all besides regurgitated Trump garbage for once.
I believe I've read some negative threads on HBT about how hard it is to get warranty // service out of BC folks. I don't want to say that as an absolute as I havent had any experience with it, but worth researching before buying.
Get enough bottles to bottle it at all once, for sure. Drink commercial beer and reuse them, buying new bottles is a rip off.
No thanks, don't want an easy route for the hobos to get out here.
the people making fun of you?
Sounds like they might have given you standard instead of the synthetic your car probably calls for.
Is a cinematic universe any worse than a perpetual Bond reboot?
yeah same for me. I have a 3mi commute -- if I go by mileage I could get away with one or two a year. Still do pretty much since driving a beater right now and dont care. Are you going to stick with a month guideline?
Ewwwwww. Luckily my dog is not a poopeater. I guess my grossest one was picking up his poop and the bag had a rip or hole in it, cause it got all over my hand. Luckily we were close to a river and I was able to at least rinse it off. My worst times are when he does a big ol' softserve that's impossible to pick up right on a well manicured lawn that the owner clearly takes great care of.
I'm down there all the time. I'll see one or two by the bottle-returns, and sometimes begging on the corner, but still never camping out or pushing garbagecarts around or anything like that.
Right -- and you bought stock mostly machined already, correct? Still goes to say you aren't making a full gun yourself out of a hunk of metal.
Grain mill and buy by the sack, enjoy your costs getting slashed in half. They pay for themselves in a year or two easily depending on your brewing frequency.
The Departed.
The top one looks super close -- do you ever hit your head? Also curious how comfortable you find it? I've always thought these looked cool, but might be an awkward angle -- you are leaned back but not enough space to prop your legs up. So just kind of danglin there semi-relaxed? Looks good though!
Oooh, go on. Just way more aroma? How much water did you do per oz etc.
Sandy River Delta Park (aka 1000 acre dog park) is fantastic! Also we just learned of an app called BarkHappy. It's still a WIP but great overall. You can look up dog-friendly restaurants etc, as well as make a little social-media profile for your dog to make play dates, lol.
Critics don't do non-srs dramas. That's how it's always been. I've yet to see the movie but will eventually.
Interstellar was garbage.
We have watched a good 8 or 9 eps this past week. Im not sure how to feel about it. The opening up the floor plan works every time. It always is a great change! Her design I'm not too crazy about though. The distressed wood and painted brick just always looks too cheap and TJ Maxy for my tastes. There was one home where it was brick base and siding on the upperhalf and she pained them both the same color... ruined it! Overall though yeah, remove walls and add hardwood -- gg ezpz. Edit: really do enjoy the hosts though. It's a good show but it doesnt work for netflix binging as they're all the same.
When driving around I always peek in neighbors' garages when they have the doors up. I havent found a HBer yet, but one of these days I'll see it and come back with a bunch of brewskies to trade.
Yeah I'm sure I could -- or just start participating in clubs or something. More fun to just be nosy and stumble upon one though!
ITS GREAT, WE DON'T REALLY HAVE THE SCOURGE HERE YET.
I liked it but felt a bit underwhelmed. For being such a large epic battle overall the ep just felt... not epic. I feel like an idiot saying that and not being able to pinpoint what I didn't like about it. But I'd take Hardhome, Blackwater etc the other big fights scenes over this from what I can remember.
Number 3 is what'll fix it for you. Kettle trub etc settles out in the fermenter, don't worry about that to much.
Brienne would work.
Uber adds up quick. You can rent cars for what, $25 a day? I also recommend renting a car so you can go explore some of Oregon and not just the city. Portland is cool and all but seeing the nature we have here is the way bettererer thing to do. Gorge, Hood, coast, etc. Fantastic. Uber is nice though since you don't have to worry about drunk driving while hitting up all the brewpubs.
I've seen people before that put woodchips down in a corner/section of the yard and trained the dog to go potty there. Same as any other training -- take them over there (maybe leash to make sure) and treats/praise when they go. Repeat. But of course if your dog is left to roam the yard that might not work too well. Could do a dog run or section off some of the yard?
My thoughts are what it's missing from D2 -- trading and PVP. I think D3 is great overall but the lack of trading and PVP ruin any long-term playability for me. I play for a couple weeks and then get bored and do the same thing half a year later. But I also wonder if I wouldn't much like D2 if it came out today. I'm not 12 anymore and can't MF for 8 hours a day so I can get one piece of good gear, but sadly that's what made the game great to me back then.
I like the take on the Prince that was Promised prophecy, but I think overall that'd be extremely shitty. So what, WW turn Jon and then they just go home and roast some marshmellows?
&gt; I'd rather it be a lively area with bars to go to during the weekends, rather than a quieter and more residential area. If that's truly what you want then by all means either of the two you mentioned would be good for you. My only comment is to strongly consider the commute. 26 blows. A lot. The drive out to Intel is a long one. You might be better served staying closer there and just going into Portland on the weekends. And in contrast to what people here might say, plenty of good places to grab a beer in the burbs, although certainly won't be as hip. But not spending almost 2 hours a day in the car is a real pro in my eyes, ymmv. Personally I'd go for 23rd over Pearl I think. I'm not familiar with the apt prices in either though.
It's not so much the living in a van perk as not having a job.
I love the intrigue and manipulation behind Vary's, but LF just comes off as cheesy and lame to me.
Since you kept the hardware, do you think you could have just left them up and painted there? Might have saved you a lot of effort. Although harder to paint overall I guess.
I got to admit I've never heard of dog sunscreen before. Is this a thing? Let me know what you find out! Also my guy was dumb and kept trying to eat the sand..
I worked at a movie theatre back in high school. One day the city had a sewer main problem and it caused some goodies to gush out of the drain and toilets. It was a few inches deep in the bathrooms, but it was dam'd and stopped from coming in the halls. Anyways, the managers told all of us that we needed to get in and start cleaning. I said no way in hell I'm going from tearing tickets to sewage work on $5.50/hr. One middle-aged lady went with it though, she said she was a single mom and couldnt risk losing her job.
I don't agree with this one bit. GOT is so widespread it's nearly impossible to avoid spoilers unless you live in a bubble. I hear people talking about it at work. I see news articles with spoilery titles pop up on my damn Google feed. People making bad memes and posting them everywhere. When something is this popular there really isn't a way to avoid it.
IKEA also has faux wood laminate countertops that looks really good. I'm thinking about doing them for mine, because I love the look of butcherblock countertops but I'm way too lazy and careless to properly care for them. I've ruined countless cutting boards...
Looks great, my one question... how did you manage to live with that carpet for a year?!
That was just a BS cherry on top. It was Robert's War and he led a rebellion. It was his throne to lose from the start.
Try growing a neckbeard and 75 extra pounds first.
What a great name!
Looks so much better! I totally would have just used a cut in brush for the trim as I'm too lazy to mask all of the walls and floor up!
To be fair who calls the cops over a broken car window? Nothing they can do.
Do you have to for a window? I thought insurance only required accident reports, not police reports on vandalism. I don't know for sure.
The voltage pulse is just a signal that the PID sends to the SSR to energize the relay and send power to your outlet. If you buy the kit it'll be sure to work. All you need to worry about though is making sure both the PID and SSR's output and input match (3-32v DC typically), and also that the PID and temp probe are compatible (k-type or RTD, whatev).
Do you think drone man has a Predator?
That was one of the best things when I moved to Portland-ish Oregon, coming from Texas. Beer on tap at the grocery store. Being able to walk around with it. Couple that with every restaurant and even gas stations having great selections. It was fantastic. The novelty has worn off a bit and I never do it anymore though, lol. The things we take for granted.
Is it even mold or just stain? I would definitely be lazy and not want to remove it, but I've never had a mold sensitivity. I wonder if an easier route would be to slap a coat of primer on it to seal it a bit more?
That was someone else, not Tim Whatley.
How large is your deck? If it's not ginormous it wouldnt be that costly to get a cheap tarp and cover it just incase.
Oh well I was thinking you could stain it this evening and tarp in the morning before the rain. Overnight should be enough to get it touch dry I imagine.
That's a nice vacation. Have a great time!
You might be best served just adopting an older dog, especially since those frequently sit unadopted in shelters since they're not as cute as puppies. That said my Great Dane is super lazy and sweet. IDK about gentle though since he steps on my damn feet all the time &gt;&lt;
Agreed. High 60s is best.
Looks like play time!
What's going wrong is he didn't use enough force. People use mallets for a reason!
Going through proper channels just for a week or two is a lot of hassle in my opinion. Ever thought about Craigslist ads and doing some labor for cash?
Any tips for the coming week? Im a newtime homeowner and it's my first time ever living in a pier-n-beam house with crawlspace. Always either slab-house or apartments. Should I just leave the cold water on as a trickle overnight?
But the sheep in the comic here are liking him. Context, man.
I think it's more just scope. Superhero movies lately are always world-ending demigods. Palpatine is that as well, but Star Wars isn't based on just one planet battling a few dudes.
Her house landed on that one witch and then they go kill the wicked witch of tr west or whatever
Definitely. Gotta save page room for the roast capon!
On my brew gear - never anymore. I broke down my fittings a few times and never had any gunk/buildup on them. Even with years of brewing inbetween. I know some people say they get buildup but I've never seen it on my ball valves, and I don't even get complicated with recirculating PBW or anything either. I've always made sure to open/close the valve a few times when draining my cleaning solution or water rinse so maybe that's the trick? I also don't let the pot dry or anything, always clean right after transfer.
Multiple levels of defense.... so If they somehow get this badass' pocket knife away from him he still has his tactical dental floss.
&gt;TL;DR Brewed a tasty but smelly ginger ale, wondering how to avoid it next time. IDK, I'd rather have teriyaki farts than whatever my dog is putting out right now.
Not to mention harder drugs definitely have a societal impact regarding homeless and all of the crime, care and policing that comes along with them.
If anything your bottom ball valve will have the gunk buildup due to it caramelizing during boil. A heat-shield would help. I'm electric so don't have that problem.
Why would you do this.
Or even just the ability to not be stuck in a cube bored out of your gourd for 40 hrs a week.
Wife has to do this to me when I'm in the beer isle.
&gt; He actually almost kind of, sort of pulls that look off Warning -- if you think that even sort of looks "pulled off" you are in danger of becoming a neckbeard yourself!
Hmm, I cant really argue with that logic.
I have a Gentle Leader and an Easy Walk harness, 140lb Dane. The Easy Walk has clips on both the back and the chest, it's funny to see how the dog pulls like crazy with it on the back (or both at same time), but stops with the leash clipped to the chest. Gentle Leader works well for stopping him from pulling, but my guy hates it and constantly tries to rub it off etc so it's super annoying to use.
Ill have to checkout the reusable ones, that'd make dog walks more enjoyable lol. Thanks for the idea.
Pretty sure it is a dane pup!
I have to go to the airport tonight, hope the roads are fine by then. I thought today was supposed to be warm and rainy to melt it all.
Im sure it's just because I'm a low-tier scrub, but I'm always happy whenever I see Urgot or Ez on the enemy team. They always do nothing but Q and wind up pretty low dmg.
Wait... it disables the ward? I never knew that, always just thought it revealed it. Great tip I'll probably never use since I don't jungle, but that's great. Gives me something else to keep an eye on!
Yeah I know it's because they don't auto enough. I'm only varying levels of silver/gold but still run into that about everytime I see one.
Yeah that's always the conundrum with playing the flavor-of-the-month banned champs. You get to play Yasuo like 1/20 games, chances are you aren't the best/most practiced with him.
Isn't it cheaper to just do a traditional rental (enterprise etc) if you're going for multiple days? I thought zipcar and what not were more just for short use scenarios.
Thank you for the post, I need to start kegging some for my wife.
I took down one wall incredibly easily with hot water + fabric softener in a spray bottle. Apply and wait 5mins or so and it'd just peel right off. But if I had a whole house to do I think renting a steamer would be a wise idea.
That run speed + ult jump range. Jesus. "Just have better positioning and ward better bro"
Not OP but had the same outcome from Palin. I voted for Obama -- I liked him in office and definitely grew wary of ol flip-flop-Romney.
&gt; Seems like you are just looking for things to justify voting Obama though. I don't need to justify my political preference to any random stranger, no. But I get what you are saying and overall I understand politics is politics; Obama has even said as much himself. That said I'd argue McConnell/Obama era obstructionism is pathetic, unamerican and worse than what any Dem did under Bush and previous by far. I understand flip-flopping and honestly havent come to a personal conclusion on what I think is the right course of action for an elected official and sticking to his guns or bending to the will of his populace.
Youre either delusional or sexist if you think she was smug and Trump wasnt. Trump made this goddamn frog smug face every few minutes: https://i.imgur.com/vHEUIt2.jpg I hate to instantly go to the sexist term but I do feel being labeled bitchy is something women of power face unfairly and your comment reminds me of that without much recouse unless you're blind to any of Trump's antics.
Do you need to be a hockey fan to enjoy?
Yeah
140lb cuddle buddy!
What's it like being miserable all the time? If seeing dogs in a dog-friendly store gets you all triggered you have some issues.
Eh, the nature of this sub is to be grumpy. Oh well. I get where OP is coming from having unruly dogs barking and chasing kids. But I also know that yesterday kids loved my dog and having him catch snowballs etc so I dont mind being a filthy rule breaker.
Heard this tip on an America's Test Kitchen that I watched last night! Knowing how inaccurate my oven is I'd definitely rock that method.
Kennen mad tho!
Think my wife and I have done about 5 complete watches over the years. Never gets old!
Ive been missing these regular pictures! Did you ever make a gif of them all?
He's tough since the rework removing his silence. Fairly easy to trade before that.
I mean I think the $42 is crazy as well (and wouldnt keep you warm either) but it's a bit of a stretch to compare this to a tube sock, lol.
Sure a bit simplistic but the stun mechanic adds some required thinking over a lot of other champs. First to my head would be Ashe I guess if we're going off those metrics.
Ive been meaning to give Leona a try again. Looking forward to it.
Yeah I was talking more along just kit simplicity since that's what a lot of people were responding to me about.
Agreed! Breaking Bad pilot was awesome. I remember when the show launched the first episode was free on... Amazon I believe. I made a good 10 friends watch it and every single one was hooked. Bryan Cranston back in whitey tighties, what else a brotha need?
That looks great! I have to be slightly negative and say the fries are nowhere near crispy enough though!
You and I must have different dreams!
Monies and power to put it simply. Look at the clout the gulf states have just because of oil productivity. You also have all of the more tertiary benefits that come along with industry monetary success - GDP growth and the tax revenue that income afford, quality of life from citizen wealth, environmental benefit for the topic of renewables. Hell, with railguns and the sort seeming to be possibly the next stage in warfare having the technology for that power would be a boon. Obviously the military complex is working on that already but if you have large civilian demand bankrolling the advancement of storage technology it makes it easier.
I mean you already have Germany and US pushing great solar products so I dont think you have to worry about a monopoly. But also thankfully Globalism means we don't really have to worry about war with China.
Even traitor Russlicans would balk at the fundamentals of capitalism being thrown out. There's no way in our legal makeup to have that happen. Even not for environmental concerns -- imagine the red natural gas states, OR/WA and our cheap hydropower etc.
She actually gave great answers on her website, debates and advertisements. The issue is people are too lazy to do research and decided their fate based on headlines and russian-made shitpost memes. Her comments were (bluntly put) coal is never coming back both for environmental and economic reasons -- we'll pay to train you to become players in renewables and other markets. Why those chose to not think still evades me. I have more respect for a lot of blue collar jobs than to just call them rednecks but holy fuck youd think they would have known why they lost their jobs so long ago -- fracking killed them, not boogey man Obama. But I guess that is too much to ask, IDK. Funny thing is years ago the Republicans shot down any chance of that in the first place. They might not be in such dire poverty by now if that hadn't happened, but why take that into consideration? Clearly all the Dem's fault even though they tried and got overruled!
Hecarim. Just straight fuck that guy. He always winds up fed, invincible and just destroying our back lane.
&gt;If you have no front line, how will you teamfight? Usually by not teamfighting. You can win games by split pushing and getting picks.
Grain crush and wort loss are the main things. Make sure you aren't leaving behind a bunch of liquid in your bag. Personally I have a ratcheting pulley and just yank the bag up and let it hang there and drip-dry. That way I never have to dick with squeezing a hot, sticky bag. But if you want to squeeze, let drain through a perforated bucket, whatever - just make sure you aren't leaving wort behind. You'd be surprised how much can remain in a bag, and how much that can hinder your efficiency. But crush is definitely key. I have the $100 cereal killer and it's been great. Easily paid for itself well within a year since I started buying sacks of base grain that come in about half the per-pound price from LHBS. Last trick is holding back a gallon or two of water from your mash and doing a cold water dunk sparge or something to coax out a few more percentage points. I dont bother with it since I dont have another large pot and my efficiencies are good already, but worth a shot if you want to. Oh, also make sure you have a quality bag. I use a wilserbag from wilserbrewer off HBT and it's quality. Plenty here use the one from brewinabag.com I think it is... no experience here with that one but Im sure either one works great based on the material and reviews.
Agree with you for sure. Especially in this 4 man dive meta we have. Doesnt even matter if you win levels 1-5. Just sit back and safe farm and wait for the heavy dives and transition to mid game.
Youre not responding to OP there, lol. Sassing someone also sassing.
First one has too much backstory/buildup. Second has more shenanigans. I think youre about the only person I've heard like the first more.
Youve already received a lot of people giving good descriptions so I'll skip that and say if you like Always Sunny chances are you'll like Seinfeld and Curb. Always Sunny was marketed as "Seinfeld on crack" when it first came out. Just either skip S1 of Seinfeld or know it's mediocre and like a light-switch flicked and instantly became gold in S2.
swiggity swooty
Nami has been my favorite for ages. Perfect mix of heal/cc/dps.
Snow was nice. Dog came in from the yard with just some wet toes. Much better than mud EVERYWHERE.
broke 35 bones on the landing.
He says that he is 45 ARAM wins. That's a lot of game time to still be facing bots. "Win more" isn't too helpful unless you're a pro player or twelve and OK with grinding 30hrs before you can begin.
Exactly, which is impossible.
That's more like a secret cupboard, not a secret room.
Have you seen how tall weed plants get? None.
The condensed version is still 20mins long?
Well shall call her... Fimille.
&gt; why would you watch an lcs game if its mostly farming? It's really not. Also you have three lanes and potential jungle skirmishes, overall map rotations that are interesting etc. Watching a passive bot farm is totally different. That said I dont have an opinion one way or the other on Dlift, but LCS is definitely not mostly farming. At least the past however many seasons.
Funny thing is they're the biggest safe spacers around. So fragile. Sad!
Fact is, once you have as much money and fame as entertainers do, you have clout. They are invested, they have business interests, they have international contacts. They travel and promote 75% of the time. They also generally have the time to fuck around with charities and in hospitals and in refugee camps. They become experts (sure, while promoting their own brand) by doing instead of internetting like the rest of us. I'm not one to worship celebrity by any means, but just because they're a movie star doesn't necessarily diminish what they have to say.
Oh wow thanks for this comment! I have never watched these before, at my desk here at work almost in tears I'm laughing so hard.
Except for all of the rich corrupt people.
It can help you discover some cool, new subs every once in awhile.
He transcends time and space.
Enough to make him cry at least.
You just reiterated what I said.
Not saying he is a bad actor, as I haven't seen any f his other work, but him playing captain jack sparrow in Vikings drives me insane, had to stop watching over that.
Man lots of salty trumpsters in here. Cant even enjoy a dank shitmeme like the rest of us.
OMG AND TSM LOST BOTH GAMES THEYRE GONAN FINISH LAST IN ALL LCS THIS YEAR.
Melee corki best corki.
Dont you know? If youre not a total shitbird then youre a SJW these days.
That's a tough question to ask. Winning is fun, but experiencing ridiculous crap is also fun. TBH most times I lose I'm not having fun, because I lose due to just feeds/trolls etc. Or at least I claim that for my ego.
wtf
Scarra is on VOIP too! Here's footage: https://media.giphy.com/media/wi8Ez1mwRcKGI/giphy.gif
You must not be aware of how the primary system works in most states.
&gt; You can do it just as much as he can. That's what you said in regards to a post urging Republicans to vote for level-headed candidates in the primary. Fact: as a registered Democrat I cannot do anything about Republican primaries. Either you don't know what a primary is or you didnt read the post you replied to.
I never said that. Are you even reading posts before responding? We've now come full circle to the original post.
https://pics.onsizzle.com/see-grandpa-friends-has-a-higher-rating-on-imdb-than-3119064.png
&gt;We were also looking at solid hardwood (the click type, and not bamboo) from Home Depot. You can put the floating click flooring over your laminate.
Love this movie! Welcome to el Matador, spanish for, The Matador.
Tonight I am making falafel! I'm not going to be too helpful since I just wing it, but basically: use a food processor to pulverize an onion into a paste. Strain off as much liquid as you can. Next you process chickpeas, parsley/cilantro/garlic and it all together. Also add cumin/salt and whatever spices you like. I normally like doing a touch of paprika and cayenne too. I dont think that's typical but I do that to about all of my food, lol. Then you just form into balls and fry in oil over medium heat. If you are having trouble with a sloppy batter not staying together, add some flour or breadcrumbs and that should do the trick. If you are still having trouble add an egg but that should never really be needed. For the side I do a very simple mediterranean-esque salad. My wife has a gluten allergy so I use quinoa at the base. Cook a couple cups and set aside to cool. Then I rough-chop some feta, olives, cucumber, tomato, red onion. I actually get the feta and olives from the grocery's salad bar since its like $8/lb and cheaper than buying it all separate! Mix it all in with the quinoa and boom, perfect side. Then either hummus or tzatziki on the side for the falafel.
Thank you, this is beautiful.
whynotboth.gif
There are underlayments that help even out minor changes. I dont really know what to do if you have big gradients though, sorry I haven't ran into that before and don't want to guess.
&gt; Anti abortion people don't think that a woman getting her period is committing murder so sperm/semen alone would also not be considered murder to them. Eh... youre a bit off there. There are bible versus against 'spilling your seed'. Some hardcore Christians definitely think masturbation is a sin, so I'm sure BJs would be too.
I haven't opined one way or the other there, no need to preach to me.
But I'm saying that some blur the line between ending one and preventing one.
Ahh the timeless internal debate -- do I shove this into my mouth and maybe choke, while the very-least looking like a pig, or do I double-bite it and watch it fall to ruins?
We have the best protests, don't we folks?
Oh, that's where I left it.
&gt; I can't believe I heard more coverage on this glaring difference from NPR this morning than any mainstream news source let alone reddit. You can't believe NPR was doing a better job of covering the news than Reddit?
&gt; Should be from min 0 if it's unanimous. On one hand I want to agree based on just how shit some games are from the start, but I also think this would be very poor from a toxicity standpoint. OMG ENEMY TEAM GOT YASUO AND OUR JUNGLER PICKED THE TURTLE OMG GG. 5 mins would also lead to toxicity if someone didnt want to surrender after a single lost fight. 20 seems excessive at times, but you do need time for late-game champs to get in the swing of things. I think 15 is a good middleground. Or if they were OK with not having such clean numbers even like a 17min would be better than 20.
No one notices a 2k gold behind if it's not early game. Not surrendering your late game comp is more like enemy team has you down to inhibs but people all like "we got vayne that's 0-10 just hold on"
He's clearly talking about situations where every lane (and jungle) loses. No "playing league" and teamfighting is going to come back from 20-1.
&gt; If it happens early, the one person who didn't want to surrender doesn't really lose out imo Takes like 10+ mins to enter a game lol, absolutely makes people lose out. I already sometimes don't feel like going through the ranked process and just load up a damn ARAM on weeknights.
They talk about Sharia law, they talk about homosexuality. They talk about my...they question my loyalty as a Muslim, even sometimes as a U.S. Marine. They talk about women's rights," said Shams. Military service is practically fetishized and servicemen beyond reproach in this country, but I guess if you're a Muslim it's just infiltrating.
Eh - Cartels will just use their lightweight planes and tunnels as usual. Walls don't matter to the drug trade.
pls nerf
Well, there's more to it than just taste. Ground beef on a pizza is going to seem different than a big patty. That said I dont like ground beef pizzas much either lol.
Yeah I cant compare this to GOT at all. Might as well compare it to Malcolm in the Middle. Black Sails definitely way better than Vikings. I like to describe it sort of as Spartacus. Come for the blood, tits and gore -- stay for the fantastic character depth of Flint and crew. S1 was a fun guilty pleasure, but by end of S2 it had became one of the best shows on TV.
I enjoy Phreak. Riv is annoying in my opinion. Kobe and Jatt are gold.
OP just trying to be edgy.
Tomatoes the size of volleyballs.
Glad the cripple is able to keep up his p90x for those sik abs, lol.
Ah yeah that fits in with the previous trial scene!
And if we started from any real depth of time it'd be significantly higher for guns than this one. What's your point? Where do you want to start? I have a feeling you'd yell cherry-picking no matter what.
&gt; But honestly, I do love seeing the negative results because it really just goes to show that beer is a very simple thing made complicated by simple minds Yup. Common mantra on brewing forums (this one especially) is how recipe is just a minor matter - process and technique are so important etc. Bullshart. Basic sanitation, temp control for fermenter. That's about it. Recipe is everything.
Because it's not the same thing at all, but the repub-memers are too downsy to fact check.
That looks fantastic. I'd rather have that version that provolone.
turn water into wine. get 'em white girl drunk and they cant say no.
That was more important than any of the shit he said? I just dont understand this viewpoint.
Did Eureka end well? I stopped watching after a few seasons because of just general business, never went back to it. I remember really enjoying it as it aired though. Maybe Ill have to go back.
And we all know larger insurance pools are a bad thing /s
Support is pretty fun, it's not like you have to just go healbot. Pickup someone with CC and be a playmaker.
&gt; the incentive to play brawl instead of another game mode should be enough to warrant playing the odd game modes/hero picks that brawl imposes. No. It's a different game mode that's trying to be fun. This isn't a job where you need to have a monetary reason to do something. If you dont find brawl fun, don't play it. Simple as that. Why would Blizz need or want to bribe you to?
Booo, no more counters to my Chogall pls.
Cheaping out and not buying the right tools for the jobs. Well, really this is all a symptom of me buying a house when I probably should have waited. But a simple example of this month's project: click-flooring in the kitchen. Not having a table or track saw made ripping the boards (the last row, and a couple rows around cabinets) incredibly frustrating. I also don't have nice table saws and clamps, so it basically was just my wife holding the board on a bench while I went at it with a circular saw. Combine that with my kitchen walls apparently not being straight. I'm having to do baseboards + quarter-round to cover the gaps. Not the biggest issue, it'll look fine but I wish I could do just baseboards for sure.
being vv cute is a tough job. Not as hard as trains, but still up there.
Heckin op did s big bamboozle I reckon
I can't think of a worse accent. I'd take fookin Bahston over it.
&gt; Unless he's at a sliver of health, you're not going to sucessfully 1v1 a Butcher in melee, he's going to brand you and heal up. God that's the worst. When people don't try to kite while he's branded. Jerks.
It's all about rotating and map awareness. Get into the habit of paying attention to the minimap all the time, knowing where you enemies are wins games. Try to not be passive -- clear/push/mercs/gank. Try to be doing one of those. And really the main things I see lose games (besides the obvious dont fight 3v5 type of shit) -- being proactive about the objective. So many people do simple things like sit in lane with no health/mana and have to recall once it's already spawned.
I only got him to level 5, but yeah I didnt "get" him either. If the enemy is dumb enough you can soak a lot of damage just sitting there, but besides that uhh??
Mail mothafucka
Yeah, sink seems tiny by comparison + I really do hate single sinks. I know the large single farmhouse sinks are in right now, but dual sinks are more practical (assuming one is large enough to fit a pot in). So 9.9/10, or by reddit standards - literally unlivable.
dont bork n drive haha
Fox also has an absolutely horrific one. Super slow, buggy etc.
I agree with your later points. Ive always had such a love/hate relationship with MOBAs over the 5 man teams. It feels like games are constantly lost by one person on a team.
Yeha charging every 2 sec is too good!
Leoric and anub are always my bans. Can't do anything against them.
The distance is huge. Even if you aren't getting chunked hard it means you aren't doing much damage. Good leorics are definitely my hardest fight. Can't go in and wreck. Interesting we have such different views.
I used to use it on Badwater defense at the first/second point all of the time. I'd have either Detonator or Scorch and it'd fill up your Mmmph so quick. Then I was always able to wipe teams around the stair point in between first and second points. That's about the only time I'd use it. Airblast just too good, but on easy backdoor points on payload maps it's stupid. Havent played TF2 in awhile... damn now I feel the urge!
His sustain is just a little crazy. Basically have to just CC and hope your team has enough burst.
Dont follow his "wear gloves" advice. You don't want to do that with a saw (or really any rotary tools) -- the glove can get snagged and the blade will pull you into it. Same with any baggy clothing etc.
Is English food quite universal anyways? Like are people from Liverpool to London all agreeing upon the same way to prepare something? Most places I've lived and/or visited are not, but England I guess is fairly small and well connected. I need to go do some research sometime. Not that I'll notice the food after 15 pints of dark mild though.
lol you just sent his ass to timeout. 👌👌👌
Floyd looks like vv sweet longthboye. rest well pupper. hope u gib lots of scritches n shmakos, OP.
Li Ming if you want to try some ranged deeps. She is very easy to play OK and there's plenty of room to get really good and nasty with her as well.
Either ganking someone or winning a teamfight. Depends on the map and how their spread is. Either turtle and try to soak, hoping they push and make a bad teamfight that allows you to kill a person - which allows you to further try to further win another teamfight/objective/camps/base within your minute window. Or you roam as 4/5 and try to gank people off by themselves. Either way when you're down in experience or even just teamfight composition/skill you need to try and force outnumbered fights.
haha gud joke fren
Oh man that's fantastic! I'd be so pissed off if I was on that team.
dont do it pupper! think of all the smackos you have to liv 4!
It is, but that's why it makes them upset. You don't specifically praise jeebus christ and they go nutso.
I have a 72% win rate on cho since 2.0, on qm and unranked though. About 120 games. Malth is easy.
Team level and no items make it so much less stressful to me.
Waveclear and ganks.
I've gone through this recently with Frasier. My wife started watching it and I didn't like it at all. Didnt watch most of the early seasons with her, but caught a few later on and now it's fantastic. Flash forward a half year or so and we're about done with all 264 episodes.
[Got it!](https://homegrown2heartgrown.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/002.jpg)
Sweet, I could easily make like ten bucks before I wore out. Enough for a sixer.
Lentils and quinoa are great. Really though for healthy, cheapish eating it's hard to beat in-season veg and chicken.
I thought you could buy gems and then use the gems on skins etc, is that not the case? I've wondered if Blizz is still making decent money just since there's really no reason to buy anything with how much free stuff you get now. I mean, they must be. They're professionals and not just winging it of course. But I don't know of anyone buying skins or what not.
In OR it's 9 for a decent sixer, 12 for good. Super hype beers not withstanding.
It really does. That's something one person could do without getting caught instantly, too.
&gt; I No Longer Care You sure? You seem pretty upset. This game is pretty great for not caring though, do an instant-pop QM and go have fun!
Right, but don't forget that Mel Gibson knows story structure either.
Really? I'm only level 27 or so, but I get MVP probably twice as often as my Gall. I think the damage taken (and the self healing too I bet) really skews it.
Well that's half the fun.
heckf vv cute boye. hope u giv lots of pupcakes 2day
Not even just suicide. Accidents while cleaning, spouse shooting you, kids playing with guns, standing up to robbers etc. Gun owners are more likely to die of gunshots than non-owners. By a big percentage.
Ofc
As for single counters: Leoric without a doubt is our main counter. It makes it so that Cho can't go in at all. Gall can still poke but eh. Anub can be rough simply because a well-timed cocoon turning a teamfight 3v5 is pretty catastrophic. Kharazim's 7 Sided Strike does 50% of your health instantly. Pair that up with any damage and it gets scary fast. Stitches is just plain annoying and I hate him, lol. That's really it. I have lost to a Tychus maybe once? He's too easy to chunk out of a fight. Malthael can be pretty rough but he's not a ban priority for me, Leorics etc are so much scarier. I thought Greymane would be worse with his Cursed Bullet ult, but IDK.. hasn't been a big problem for me. Jaina spec'd for root can be pretty scary as well. Gall can bump us out of most CC but that follow up freeze always gets us. That's more team dependent though, as Jaina alone is easy to kill. Last week I kept going against a Butcher/Jaina combo that made me want to throw things.
Man he looks great. Im at 14k gold right now, been wanting to buy Malthael but I think I need to save it for Stukov instead!
Nice! What's the range on Guillotine?
henlo frend, u r suppose to boot da snoot, not trap it!
