I'm not even going to click on the link and say it's crossfire. Edit: I fucking knew it.
We should put a time and day dude.
Ty dude.
My attitude is not a problem, fuck you for saying that... *sigh* /s.
I love quake, but tf2 took rocket jumping to a whole new level, I honestly feel it's the best form of rocket jumping there is.
I've honestly never seen that. sounds like madness.
Running faster with a scout* :^)
I actually have a bind to switch right click from crouch and secundary fire, I literally never use the fucking awp lol. Also all pistols in cs and css had 250 movement, even the deagle iirc.
And the flag you usually use to remember where they are, are the bodys of your enemys/allies 8)
&gt; mfw somebody says jumping is the hard part
yo error if u dont script you wanna gimme bhop lessons? im fucking kidding its obvious
[Then you will love this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NZm0EBN0RZ8) There was a better map which on the vid lasted aprox 15 mins but I'm too lazt to search it honestly.
The joke dude :(
Sure [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDgKAPisrWo), for some reason Phoon deleted it at like 4 mill views :(.
There are more of this types of map but they normally don't have any type of specific names so I can't fucking find them. They are godlike though.
Yeah by "circle strafe" I ment strafe jumping, for some reason used a really old name I heard on it. Also I do still think tf2 rocketjumping is harder than strafe jumping and I never really got into it on quake and just learned it to the level of being 100% efficient on maps. On cod4 though I fucking loved it on [cod4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF3qy_s6_a4) though. Also I just realized every single game I got into has strafing, damn.
Tis' fun though.
Ah, makes me remember when 30 minutes was insane, now we are getting times of 27 mins easiely on solo runs if done correctly. Damn
Ah. Explosions on the source engine. Since I'm a roamer on tf2 I'll try and exlpain it. So bassicly explosions in the source engine work in the way that they don't do wallbang, so bassicly there can be a smal ledge (literally can be 1 cm) and if your explosive lands on the corner of that ledge anything behind that ledge will not take any damage. This whole thing is not related to your clip though, the thing just bugged under the stairs for some reason and you can see it on the last few frames.
You are actually right, they are the most buggy shit on source lol.
Rockets on source are bassicly a nade that explodes on impact, the hitbox is a small as a nade's.
&lt;3
I can't even stairstab on pubs, like fuck. I will stick to airshots n shit.
Made me remember an insane pogo shadowburn pulled out from badlands mid to second door to not market garden but scape plan a medic
Atleast you got 5x gold LOL. Also looked at your history since I remember your name on dayz reddit before, you are shadowbanned there for the looks of it dude.
Want to play it? I have it installed so I'm up for it. Also Battlefield 2 is f2p now.
I remember playing ctr and never understanding why it presicely happened. That game was fun though, been actually thinking of running it.
The good ol' "Vip" weapons. God that fucking game on the p2w side, shit.
The thing is that, it's true to some degree. The thing about Dota is that the barrier of entry is so big and so.. ruthless (I've had countless smurfs on the first 50 hours it's astonishing) that a lot of people try Dota2 and come back to LoL in like 3-4 days. A lot more people would play Dota if it was easier to get into imo.
I'm personally one of the rare cases that at 1600 hours I haven't spent a single cent in the game (or in steam after 6 years, still got the games I wanted atleast) so I have no attachment to games except for hours played and I normally bursh them off since I know I can get better at other games. After trying Dota for the 50 hours like I said the level of smurfs and blaming there was going around was huge with the added intentional feeding to the side, that added with the number of items (Actives!) and overwhelming at first number of heros and shit is just really hard to get into. Also the LoL player have put some much time in learning the game that to switch to another one is almost impossible unless the game is dead (like cod4, I miss that game :/). The Dota barrier of entry makes this even worse than it should be honestly. Csgo is the same deal but atleast it has the bonus that it's a fps.
Don't forget the chick with big tits showing in the middle of war!
Makes me remember the 6s elitist on TF2, they didn't like change and looked down to everybody who accepted it. Thing is that it's kind of justified to some point cuz before this year every change made in the game was horrible for comp and broke the game so it got black-listed lol. Also now I just realized I've never really shown anything from tf2 and I mention it a lot since it's my fav game huh. Might aswell show something from the class [I play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNYVip5d9_A), the only reason I chose this vid is because of the play at 2:32, oh and the rocket at 2:54 which misses actually airshots a sniper which is pretty funny.
Yeah, it's not that bad though. I'm personally used to it since in the fps genre before it was so popular, no idea why though.
Yep they did! It's pretty good now, go try it out! Nothing to lose since it's f2p.
Holy fuck you're actually from NA. I thought every Dota player was on EU or something, fuck! Sure I'll add you dude.
Don't forget about Lina.
Yeah I do know, it's still interesting that somebody was uh... Horny? Enough to do them. I actually find the video but I'm not sure if I'm allowed to post it.
Thanks for confirmation.
I underestimate a lot of shit lately honestly.
Zhonyas is insane, it needed the small nerf. I would honestly buff ap somewhere else and nerf zhonyas to make the mega defensive item not be viable as first, like fuck. Imagen adc building GA as first item and being viable.
Actually Soulstealer has been used before as a comeback item. Try it out next time you are loosing hard and have little gold. Get one good teamfight or pick and begin stacking. This has also been done on pro games.
From I like it, into retards. Nice argument m8. Should become a politician or something.
Renekton has kill pressure, maokai just tanks like a fucking rock. I would honestly say mao is safer due to being untargetable when he uses his W I think.
Overall was pretty good, gods could of been much more, flexible? The battle just felt so slow for battle that are supposed to be between gods, it didn't really showcase the game apart of the gods and music choice was just... Bad... I feel like classical music would of been better (a more upbeat one) on this since gods are supposed to be this old mystical thing.
God fuck IB, left my IB school this year. Shit is useless where I live and doesn't leave you any free time + the school starts looking at you as just a grade, they don't help shit on lower grades students and exort the higher grade students to participate on every single fucking thing that the school wants them to or they make their life impossible. Also I won't even start with the over-importance that they add on sports. Kids on private schools over here are going mental on the last year and then just drop out of uni and leave everything behind, some have suicided IN school and others have picked up drugs. Even though I have gone to the uk because of it and seen this happening over there it's horrible on the top tiers. Also I won't even start with the number of depression and individuality. It's fucking bullshit. I'm amazed my sister went through with it but she loves studying so I guess that helped her.
Oh god dude, you fucked up on selecting shit. Atleast we don't have a problem on spanish over here since we actually speak it, but learning it? You're fucked. I just wish families weren't as demanding with grades on IB, saw one too many kids just ruining their lifes just because they were so presured at home, hope you are not one of them dude &lt;3. Also sorry if I'm over speaking with that, it's just a close subject to me since a really close friend almost died because of the stress of IB. I'm just glad I left that school and I'm on a much more chill one now, I know I can get a bright future without the IB nightmare.
Yeah I never want to take it again, it's easy, but too time consuming and I don't enjoy that, I love games and doing random shit and I'm not going to be able to do that as much when I'm on uni or working. Might aswell enjoy my time with something than later regret it. Also from the little trip I had to NA due to physics (just a school trip, can't even remember what it was for since I just fucked around), the IB over there must be even worse.
"Headzots" I haven't heard that in ages. The number of private cheats on csgo are insane, but the high profile private cheats are something to be scared off, they are so suttle but effective at the same time, hell the really go ones even look like mouse movement. I'm honestly amazed they allow players to bring their gear to LAN, I would make them be stripped off any electrical shit they may have and play with the same mouse/headset/keyboard/mousepad or anything similar on other steam acc's. The only thing I can see this affecting is skins. The number of flaws this game has anti cheat wise is insane.
Something that all people should understand here. THEY WEREN'T BANNED FOR THROWING, THEY WERE BANNED DUE TO RECIEVING THE SKINS. If they never recieved the skins they would have NOT been banned like Skadoodle iirc. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvP5O30WWKg) is a video of Thorin explaining this if you guys want to know. Now should they be perma-banned? Fuck no, there were no rules in this shit before that, now should they been punished? Definetly. If rules were in place before this incident and they said that a perma-ban was going to happen, then yes I would agree with this, but they werent. This perma is bullshit.
Wait, they actually don't pay them? Fuck...
OH COME THE FUCK ON, WHY IS IT ALWAYS A HOTS PLAYER? LIKE FUCK, IS THIS GAME THE ASSEMBLY OF FUCKING RETARDS? FUCK. /off I've never in my life have seen a game that gathers so many game-wise idiotic people and I've been gaming on pc since I was 6. Now saying that I don't hate Hots players, I hate people who try and state an opinion as fact with no other way around it which I've been seeing again and again and again with hots player even on my own free time. Holy hell what has Blizzard done.
Damn dude they should be payed. I know some admins who work hard their ass off for ESL and for them to not be rewarded with anything... I guess passion is something really big over there.
I honestly feel like a lot of people who play hots are just bronce-silver/2k-3k(?)mmr players who were not good enough for the other games. I also think they don't even like the game and are just there to try and find a group who agrees with them or something. Like over here we do have senseless bashing but it's for good fun, over there thet actually take it serious. And as you said those threads appear there more by the day. Also blizzard games lately get some really... Questionable people.
They deserve it dude, they honestly do.
I should really ignore all the hots "players" post from now on. The stupidness is getting even to me, holy shit.
What he is saying is true though, outside of asian countrys and EU e-sports back then was nowhere near as popular as it is now. Just until 2012 ish almost nobody knew e-sports existed on NA. LoL with the several hundreds of adds and shit made e-sports popular then csgo took off at 2013. This BOTH helped Dota get bigger also smash and some other games. On EU games have always been much more popular than on NA or SA, before LoL or csgo that shit was dead over here and nobody knew they existed because they were either playing console or looked down upon by masses if playing pc. Shit was hard dude.
On NA though? I never even heard of Dota and I rarely even do now. It's always, I'm going to go play LoL/cs/cod/wow/diablo/poe/hs/tf2/smash and that's it. Unless the guy played the original Dota I never in my life heard of it. Now on EU I would hear about it much more often.
I'm fucked then, I have no Dreamcast or xbox and I'm just a poor teen. Rip my ass.
When did I say I have that mindset? I don't mind playing against smurfs since I know I will learn something. I'm putting myself in the shoes of a new player, should they really go through all the shit I went through? Out of context, I sound like a melodramatic teen on that line. Like I said, game is fun and addictive if you get into it, but if the new player is detered from even starting by countless bashing/afks/trolls how is he supposed to fall in love with the game?
Cod didn't start until black ops 2 though (rip cod4, god fucking damnit) which was at 2012. They did help, but not as much. SSB defiently did a lot though.
Why should he go through that though? I literally expirienced 1 of the three almost every single game on the first 30 ish hours if playing alone. 30 hours are a lot to tough through and why would he do it if csgo/lol/tf2hopefullynowprettypls are availible? Csgo and LoL deal with smurfs/afks/trolls to some extent one way or another. Again this is if we were completly new players which is what a game grows from.
I won't continue argue with the time thing, won't crack into your head. On the smurfs things, you already have to deal with them for several games and there are smurfs who derank in porpuse.
I was so happy then crushed, goddamnit dude :(.
2012 due to LoL, 2013 csgo exploded. I also had Beta to csgo (that fog though, fucking ct on dust2 was invisible). Never heard of Hon during that time, sc2 was popular at the beggining but kind of died off on na sadly (game was huge though). Won't comment on sc1 or brood. Also source? Like 1.6 or css? Because Css alsmost killed cs in NA due to the promises of millions and then not paying shit (I can't remember the name of the league, I could google it later though). NA for the most part didn't know any of the orgs you mentioned, also most of them had asians/europeans on the teams, 3d is the only NA team I can think of which was kind of popular. Like I said before NA was dominated by consoles before and still is to some extent and the issue of being looked down upon if playing pc is still very real from my last trip which was just a year or two ago. E-Sports wasn't a thing on NA till LoL and CS:GO came around to "legitimize" it per say. Smash also helped out but nowhere near on the same volume. E-Sports was obviously still a thing on EU though.
Haha no problem. I would love to be able to play that game though, looks like good fun. Makes me remember the arcade version of Fast and furious which was stupid good for arcade racing... Game is not avilible anywhere else though...
Several games in the sense of how long it takes to get to ranked, not other games lol...
Then how is Dota supposed to grow?
Dota rng is Pre RNG so it's not by pure chance. It's pretty well balanced.
ESPN did only recently start allowind E-Sports though iirc.
MagmaChamber was a 1v1 map though iirc. Edit: I actually remember the one you were talking about though. It was later used just as a 1v1 map. It was going to be another 5v5 map but they didn't go through with it since they wanted summoners rift to be the main map I think.
Sure, I'll take my time then. Formatting is not my strong part but meh. &gt;f you look at the past 10-15 LoL champions/reworks they are all quite fresh and unique, something the game has lacked in with its earlier champions . So what you will about LoL but arguing that Riots most recent champions are boring in design is just plain ignorant. You literally said no argument and just said they were wrong, not going to touch this. &gt;Many of their recent champs have been underpowered on release though. I actually took the time to search the last 15 champs, since I'm too lazy to do a graph I'll just type out how they did and you decide. I'll put it in 6 to make it simple, OP-overturned-avg-undertuned-garbage and for horrible design: broken. **Illaoi** no comments seems like undertuned-**Kindred** overtuned-**Tahm Kench** garbage-**Ekko** overtuned-**Bard** complete utter garbage-**Rek'Sai** OP-**Kalista** buggy then slightly overtuned wasn't nerfed correctly-**Azir** broken champion horrible in normal hands completly op on top tier hands, can't be balanced and will be reworked iirc-**Gnar** took ages to learn and buffed due to nobody playing him then ended a bit overtuned-**Braum** Fat ball of stats I don't like him but overtuned-**Vel'Koz** Undertuned still shit-**Yasuo** Same deal as Gnar-**Jinx** OP-**Lucian** garbage-**Aatrox** Broken and overtuned a bit. Now are this champions unique? I'm not really going to argue that since it's you. &gt; It's called marketing son. Context please.
From when I saw the post there was no thread, if you did link it later then sorry. I'm still amazed you're so fast on pulling the trigger though.
The post is deleted from what I can see.
Because it's you and debating against you is actually pretty fun?
When did I say E-Sports was not important though? I'm only saying LoL and CSGO helped bring E-Sports on the spotlight on NA and even SA.
Please for the love of my sanity tell me you didn't find this on the hots sub... Edit: I recognise those arrows, it's the fucking hots sub... GOD FUCKING DAMNIT I'M LOSING MY MIND WITH THIS SHIT HOW CAN A HUMAN BE THIS FUCKING STUPID AND THINK THEY ARE A GAME DESIGNER OR SOME SHIT AT THE SAME TIME HOLY SHIT. ALSO WHY IS IT ALWAYS ON THE HOTS SUB, WHY??????????????? I wouldn't be this mind-fucked if it was maybe somebody from another sub from time to time, but always stupid shit related to game balance is the hots sub, ALWAYS, FUCK.
I honestly don't even know what to think anymore with the hots people. I'm legit losing my mind with this shit.
Oh come on dude out of all the games you can call shit on don't do it on smite. They have a pretty fair business model for being so small the gameplay is pretty good and ot fills a niche. I don't see why we should shit-talk them. Also the community from my expirience is pretty nice. Leave the game alone they deserve that much.
Yeah I already raged on this one on my own time. Like pyrage say he isn't saying any stupid claims about Dota or much on LoL so I didn't really give a shit... To some extent.
It's pretty easy to climb if you get your mind into, my first season of serious ranked I got to challenger in 4 ish months. Just try and learn from every game and analyze every single game. Game knowledge is one of the most important things and it will let you decide fucking everything you do, just try and learn everything and check out LastShadow on youtube to learn even more and what you could change. Watching that guy boosted me from d5 to masters easy.
I'm on LAS sadly so I doubt you can add me, dropped to D1 recently due to decay but feel free to check me out on [op.gg](http://las.op.gg/summoner/userName=moondawg1) or [Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023401240/) I mostly play adc though (and the occasional graves/lucian jungle).
Chess has the bonus that is looked up upon since it's been this "vip" game that has comed through years and years. It's just too different to compare. Now onto the thing that Dota is hard to get into, shit is true this game is hard and has several mechanics. Now can we make Dota easier to acces without dumbing down the game? Yes, like no doubt. Now how? I'm not sure if there is a way everybody would like honestly. This question can deserve a post itself.
Uh started on the ends of s2, ranked at the ends of s3 and ended on silver2 after going 8-2 then on s4 got to d5 under 100 wins and now on s5 I got here. Also ty dude.
First of doing something about smurf and trolls(intentional feeding specially), this two are specially something that I personally encountered almost every game I played alone on the first 30 ish hours. From what I've been told by friends who have been on the game for some years smurfs have gotten worse and worse. Second that you could do is fix the punishment, LPQ is obviously not working at the moment now what can we add? Honestly the csgo method is most likely the best way, limit the ranked and if they don't have ranked enabled limit all pick and maybe even customs or add customs in both situations. Third make guides and streams easier to find, the 1 guide everybody recomends is the welcome to dota, you suck. So why not make it official or atleast future it? Forth rotate the heros on the limited heros mode and punish people who leave it. This are the things I have thought of that can help new player get into the game and not dumb down the gameplay.
Yeah but they never rotate the hero pool and there is no punishment to leave, I tried it out and if people died they would go afk instantly.
I agree with that you can't stop everybody, it would be ludicrous to think like that. I guess I didn't explain myself enough. Using the same analogy, the owners after getting some reports of bullys going around and kicking shit, they start trying to handle this as well as they can and after some months of tunning said system they see a deminish of bully reports. Did that explain it? I hope it did. The system would take months to get it on a good state, but honestly the pay off would be worth it imo. Also I'll quote what /u/ZeCommieCosmonaut said. &gt;What would be interesting I think would be curated tutorials à la Custom Games that can be seen, downloaded, and worked on by the community and reached from the "learn the game" panel, instead of that rigid luna tutorial, where you are told to "buy that", "last hit this", "buy that", "now you push" etc... which lack the flexibility of Dota. This would honestly help shit loads on almost every skill level.
Lux is mana gated just so that can't happen. She's a horrible champ if you want to do just that.
Dude, if that happens you deserve it. Lux has horrible roam the combo apart from ult isn't really that good range wise, she's immobile and can be presured by almost any mid. Also even with all that her E sucks at clearing and chances are that she won't have enough mana for a full combo (yes even with blue and morello). Hell, you can even shove her early on and she will be oom in less than a minute. If she gets to that point for free somebody fucked up hard. There is a lot more shit wrong with lux but on your point this ones are the main ones you could try and fix.
"Boludo" is arg slang. It means a ton of things honestly. And "gringo" can be used offensively.
I honestly think it would kill him on the top elos (D1+). The root power would be a nice change though but without the crit damage then he is too item dependant which would kill the kitty. After so many years of seeing rengar changes I honestly bealive this guy is completly broken in the sense that you can't balance him without making him op or underpowered.
Don't forget quake world-3, cod2-4. wt:et, tf2, sc1-2, smash and other games I can't remember. &lt;3.
Knowing the hp or mana is needed but realisticly almost always you will be able to guess almost the exact hp of the champion. Also you can switch cameras to teammates with f1-f4.
The critbuild from what I've seen has a lot more power early to mid though.
Azir.
I thought she was 16 dude...
Np!
Then you need to nerf something else or make the fear last atleast half the time (because it "scales" with your movement speed) I can see it work to some degree but it honestly may be too snowbally. I'll edit when I come back from a game.
Because the guy is insane skill wise. Like legit he is the only champ I can think off that you need a top 5 mid to completly unleash the beast that chicken is.
Fuck it I'll just double answer. The reason this can become too snowbally is because fiddlesticks already is this insane aoe death machine (SPECIALLY because they WILL change the ap jungle item). Doing this without changing any base will make either fiddles impossible to catch or duel. it will allow teams to completly ignore tanks or front lines and be able to make like this patch into the backline (imagen fiddle being moses and the tanks being the water). There is more but we would end up with an extremly overpowered fear and a ok at best kit.
Is that IcyColdStare :o! Now on a serious note, how can you even comment now with that being almost every response?
Mf can be nerfed but rengar is completly broken, guy needs a whole rework.
A good rengar won't waste it. Warding is next to impossible if behind and now we don't even have green wards. A good rengar is a nightmare, this guy is a straight insta ban if anybody good with him is online on challenger elo. Riot already said they were going to do something about him also iirc.
It's bassicly up to the type of champ you're using and the primary users of reaver are mf and lucian. Reaver+seal is too much of a powerspike and like you said you can finish seal before the reaver but you miss on that sweet 10% cdr and mana regen (which even though small it helps a shit ton). Finishing seal first doesn't help on lucian and mf doesn't even go for seal item second. I can see it working on sivir though, but apart from her I can't think of anybody else.
Gl with the project. The issue is that being toxic is one of those special things where said toxic person will almost never realize they are one even if punished. There are obviously exeptions though.
Derped out for a second on the warhammr, excuse me on that. Anyways, I'm too tired to put my thoughts into words but I'll give it a last shot. Seal on lucian is useless, the build you described on mf makes it so you're extremly vulnerable during the times you buy items it's extremly expensive on single items and on higher tier games you don't have the time to get that gold almost never. Mid is normally pressured pre 13 so the spike of reaver is needed due to waveclear (this is where mana comes handy) and you can feel the other slots you have with a pink or any other combat stat. If you are allowed to farm that long then your build is most likely better. Hope it was clear, but if not I'm too tired to care anyways.
Yeah, that is why people recomend capping fps on 124 if you have a 60hz or 240 if you have a 140hz.
Because seal scales directly with ER, I'd rather have ER finished than seal + bf hammer. Now the 2bf swords thing ties with what I said, you need to hoard to much gold and 2bfs+hammer is still 100 gold more expensive, as soon as somebody has even a little advantage over you they will look for the trade. Also remember MF is maxing E first into W and boots are boots of swiftness. I don't take it as agressive, like I said before I'm not explaining myself well enough. There are reasons reaver is bought first which I just can't seem to explain at the moment.
That is before minions spawn, then rip our fps.
I'm dipping to 40 on teamfights if baron is included with a shit ton of minions, if not I'm normally on 90(I'm also on 1920x1080). This is still not levels of tf2 framedrops though. 6v6 mid fight on that game I drop from 400 to 120. Still LoL optimization is horrible.
From context I didn't, was asking the name of the song.
I just played team ranked and the jax on the enemy team was blocked by the devour wolf with no other minions around on midlane. To say the least he was no amused.
Yorled: 9 videos in 7 months. They were known because of their songs and they kind of... stopped. Brother Blake, like you said he doesn't upload anymore.
I have one with every adc except draven and quinn.
If something like that happens I wouldn't blame you lol.
Shen is a pretty easy and reliable champion. Just don't fall into 1 trick pony category and keep climing!
You may have better chances buying one, gl though. I would play on korea too if it wasn't because of ping rip.
3+ minutes? I wish I had that. Over here it's 20+ minutes on challenger if you're past 12 pm. Atleast I finished one punch man.
From top to bottom 1-1-1-2. **Solo top**: Can be a melee carry (fiora irelia pretty much, cs reliant strong 1 item spike) Tanks (Malphite non cs reliant normally starved in comp in favor of adc) Bruiser (Squishers tanks but more damage, renekton is a good example. Same deal as tanks but a bit more cs reliant). **Jungle** (The guy who ganks your lane, think about him like the roamer of LoL be he actually takes camps): Tanks (not used much, jungle pressure on early is too big) Duelists (lee, udyr, elise, blah... Almost every meta jungle) Bruiser/duelist (j4, vi best examples here) AP (fizz, elise, diana, fiddles) **Mid** (Scales with leves 6 is pretty big on every mid-laner cs reliant): Champ who scales with levels over gold, normally every ap reliant mage can go here and some AD assasins (talon, zed, yasuo specifically) **Adc** (Needs PERFECT cs, worse role early good mid depending on adc): Ranged dps with crits lifestal but extremly squishy, think of a huskar or sniper but more "diverse". (Kalista-Corki-twitch-kog-trist-vayne-draven-lucian-missfortune-graves-sivir-ashe pretty much). **Support** (NO cs gives it to adc, roams a lot, wards and makes "plays"): You sit your ass with the adc on bot, help the adc roam to mid and do all type of shit. It's honestly pretty fun and more and more people are picking it up. There are honestly several type of supports but I'll say the ones people find the most fun (Thresh-bard-blitz-braum-alistar-annie-brand). And that's it for lanes, rotations early depends on team comps, 15 cs= 1 kill and shit like that. You don't lose gold when killed and gold = damge. Gl dude!
D1 (ex challenger fking decay) player here, can confirm what /u/Thulack said. I only have 600 ish normals vs over 800 ranked, I constantly get paired vs silvers and golds who have over 1k normals. Almost everybody on high elo doesn't play normals, it's pretty boring honestly.
Kog w only gives him a 10% overall dmg boost and jinx is on the aa reliant squad where they are fucked because infinity is shit and lw is shit. Aslo her rockets didn't deserve the nerf.
You just need to learn about LoL, use summoner school, lastshadow on youtube and read the wiki every on e in a while (didnyou know a cannon spawns every wave after 35 mins? Or that red buff also gives you hp/5? Shit like this givea you an edge). I would coach you myself but I'm too time restrained with scrims and shit.
Dynamic q is going to kill higher elos, it will become a joke. Even hogher than it is now atleast.
Go to summoner school for this. Bealive me, it will help a lot more.
I hope they do. Easiest answer is to make soloq one thing and dynamic another (aka different mmr and ranking for both). I honeslty just want to pick my role before champ select, that is all.
Small trades with e reset q for poke and attempt of e stack w poke with ranged supp (remember you can mark them with q) play like a lil bitch until 2 item spike then shit on people, that's it. Just don't bait yourself with E.
Adc or top is around the same. Try and win lane open mid up thrn steal jungle and control vision with iy. Adc you just stay consistent and do your damage also DON'T die.
I think like 52%. I fuck around a lot
Then he would have to seek help himself or with somebody close to him. Hopefully it all goes well though.
There is actually a picture about this, I'll edit my comment if I can find it, but bealive me rengar is capable of that. Hell if he is fed enough he can kill you with the jump alone. There is a reason top tiers rengars kill you mid air when they have 1-2 kills. [Eyyyy found it](http://i.imgur.com/zUUDU7A.png)
IE with 2 items is pretty underwhelming. Reason lw is needed is because of the tanks and bruisers building armor like no tomorrow and casters adc have the abilities to deal with squishys, as reliant adc don't.
To some point honestly. After a while you start thinking the same shit with your mate and just do it kind of like a robot. Also mid is by far the most important (and standout) role so I can see why the import so many for that.
It does happen, just not that much of a difference. I was testing it out with a friend who plays at 800x600 vs me that I'm on 1920x1080. I would say I had like 8 cms of screen over him or so (to one side or another).
She has enough range to not need it + with the rocket nerf berzerker are more important than ever before. Varus you take lucidity for q spam MF uses boots of swiftness (the one with wings) and draven I take zerkers.
You made me remember [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/26ldly/riot_im_curious_with_this_many_champs_looking/) thread.
[Let me go grab some popcorn](http://imgur.com/gallery/NnoGhN1)
Huh, didn't realize for some reason. My bad. Still was frontpage a few days ago, no idea why I didn't realize this. Anyways, rengar became stronger this patch. I'll actually quote what was said in [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/401pki/ama_disgusting_challenger_rengar_main/) thread since the guy is much better at rengar than I am. &gt;jungle rengar is the real definition of free elo there isnt much counterplay to it besides praying to god that he sucks dick esp in the preseason jungle hitting that lvl 6 or just sustaining in the jungle with full armorpen runes is easy as fuck which takes away all the problems he had b4 toplane rengar ist okay you can shit on him in lane and make him useless or he will be the typical snowballing assasin like everyone else Anyways rengar is due to a change and the banrate is only rising, I haven't seen the guy in over a month because he is being perma banned lol
Imagen an ursa that instead of the slow had a 2 sec root and that hes ult was an invicibility which would let him leep into anybody he wants to and you have to drop a sentry ward everytime you want to see him during his ult. It's the best I could explain this.
Yeah that was me. Just wanted to know from where the term comes from since I never heard it since I come from an fps background.
Shyv, you only play amumu so you don't have the game knowledge to make udyr work without puting hundreds of games.
Try out anivia, bassicly a morg but steroids.
Cait Corki Lucian Jinx Trist. Go for free trades, don't make them longer, watch positioning and if support is walking up be sure to walk a bit back yourself, control the wave, watch positioning and stuff like that. Honestly adc is a hard role to play, it will take hundreds of games to even get decent, gl on it dude!
He uses his hook and doesn't grab anything? Force. Force Force Force. That's it. Also control minion wave and minion numbers, the more you have the better. Oh, and have fast fingers. Also if you're having problems with blitz I would recomend to make your champ pool smaller adc wise, chances are that you don't play almost any adc to an avg level, don't take it wrong though, but it's much better to have 1-3 really good champs to have 8 "ok" ones.
Do you want to be stuck on D5 and only play 1 champ or do you want to go higher? It's up to what you want really.
You just said it. It's not that the champion himself is complicated, it's rather simple, but the game sense the champ needs is pretty high. Make the margin of error smaller with simpler champs and then expand. Picking udyr up early is like using zed on silver and take hundreds of games to learn what would could of learn in like 50.
It's using the unreal engine? No doubt I was thinking it looked like BF. Edit: I think I should clear that even though BF uses FrostBite, the unreal engine looks very similar. No idea if it runs as smooth though.
I hope it doesn't end up being the battlefront (the new one) of moba's aka looking amazing and running really well but be stale and boring af.
Blue ez uses auto q, I've never in my life have seen a good blue ez who only or mostly uses q. He doesn't have damage if he only uses Q.
I love that it tries to be so serious but I can imagen the people in the game just laughing their fucking asses off.
So many people have downvoted me for saying this. They made the champion feel a shit more clunky and instead of being a fluid high skill cieling assasin they just gave him more raw power. Imagen if zed would have an avg 42% w/r but mains would have avg over 60. Another champ that they nerfed horribly is kalista (rip Q mid air it was really good if used properly now it feels clunky af) and the issue still stands that if the kalista team is ahead there is no way you are coming back into the game via objectives.
They are pretty common things on "futuristic" games from what I can remember. The shield itself has been done several times, but just in different forms.
Wish more games were done with the unreal engine then, specially source games ( /rant cpu heavy holy fucking shit tf2 mid 6v6 from 400 fps to 90 wtf). Thing looks amazing honestly. Also all I can remember of bf3 is the sun... Why did they ever do that...
&gt; You fucking idiots don't even have working maps or weapons, but we have fish AI! Buy the dlc/Seasonpass now!
Even though this is true, it was purely the AA buff on 5.23 as seen [here](http://champion.gg/champion/Trundle). Yep, it was that insane.
It really is hard to explain. I'll just link a recent ish montage of rengar (he is stronger than before now due to item changes on pre-season. Anyways [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhRPHE8-kJk) is the link. Judge yourself on this one.
Looks like Handsome Jack from Borderlands 2.
Riot is wierd honestly. Almost every Riot office is like it's own island disconected from anything else. This has been pretty evident lately with the corruption in Riot BR and I won't even start with Riot TR (I'll hint it though, they perma-ban you if you have over 60% wr and some other shit).
Don't forget terrorism and clocks which look like bombs.
Valve is an ant at the side of tencent. Tencent almost literally owns everything and has several connections with the goverment and several other brands and can you blame those brands? Having Tencent as a sponsor is like having 5 Bill Gates, it's fucking huge.
Wait, is this a way to unlock champions for no IP? If so, I'll start my smurfs asap.
But tf2 and Dota have trading while league does not so I can't really see what else to do with the chest or key
Wait, this is actually legit? Why is every single champion being designed not to die recently wtf.
They are really well designed for a lower level, but their design on LoL makes their ult so powerful that the rest of there abilities have to be one dimentional because if not they were too powerful. Another good example is old sion, ult was so powerful he was nerfed to the dust. On Dota though, I'm not sure. Gold doesn't mean damage straight up on Dota so they may actually work there. Also I remembered the best example of this: Taric. Each spell on taric is incredibly powerful, but they have no sinergy at all with his kit, so due to this they have to keep him incredibly underpowered or he can pretty much kill everybody. Remember the patch they buffed taric just a bit and he became the best jungler in the game? Oh and ryze/cassio are another example due to their "machinegun mage" thing. I can honestly go all day with this lol.
That's the motto of blizzard recently 8).
&gt; By the way. The Old Sion thing is absolute bullshit. The ult was strong only in numbers in practice it was garbage because he was so easily kiteble. You're forgetting that almost no champions back then had a dash/jump/blink/etc, hell Graves and Ez were like the gods of mobility. AD sion iirc was nerfed several times and then ap sion came through. Also skill level of players was pretty bad back then, adc's couldn't even kite properly. &gt; Also Taric's spells actually synergize a lot, they are all melee range and refresh on AA Can't argue with the refresh on AA. I used to have a good argument on why Taric has been this wierdly tied champion, I can't remember it though since it's been such a long time since the last time I talked about this guy. If I remember it I'll message you again and see what your opinion is on it.
&gt; His new W is unreliable as all hell because you can't aim the sword for shit. So the allies have to huddle around it instead of you saving them like an Orianna ball would. This may be the reason it's either going to be completly op or flop. Same deal with the new graves, he either does a shit ton of damage or doesn't.
Huh, it's actually not a passive. For some reason I remember it being one. The heal used to be much stronger though, I think it was nerfed on s2. Not 100% sure though and I'm too lazy to check wiki atm.
Yeah I do remember about janna and ashe. Ali wasn't used as much though because people didn't know about the combo until late s1 I bealive. The thing about AD sion is that on lvl 6 nobody could fucking kill the thing 1v1 and that made him a bloody nightamre. Also the lifesteal was pretty good in teamfights. I really won't talk much about sion since it was so long ago and I'm too lazy to search wiki.
Over here I'm more curious about Jhin. I can't predict jack shit on this guy since it's so... wierd...
Over here I'm more curious about Jhin. I can't predict jack shit on this guy since it's so... wierd...
For the looks of it he doesn't need much mobility though, I haven't sen the number but his ult is like a 3 shot cait ult (range wise), passive looks to be insane with really good kiting potential and he has 2 forms of cc (W and E iirc). I honestly think he will be pretty strong, if Ashe and MF can work with really low range I think this guy can work out too. Also I think he may end up mid-lane as a bully. Not sure though, need to see the stats.
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023401240/ Don't play cs at all anymore but I still do wonder. Also this picture hasn't been touched for over 5 years now (and I wasn't even the guy who put this picture).
Makes more sense, but now the issue that I can think of straight up is, do you balance the hero by himself or by comps? I don't know much of Hots, but a hero may be too op on a really specific teamcomp, but extremly weak on others. Now you nerf him on that specific team comp and buff him somwhere else, but now he is either avg and not used at all since other heros may have better specifics. Also with this form of balance losing from champ select must be a huge deal. Like the example you gave me, how do you balance this and make this heros viable enough to be played somewhere else?
Yeah I know, I just find it funny though. Imagen being bronce or silver and seeing this guy going 1015-90 and going "what the fuck".
And was stacking hp, which if I remember correctly Jhin last shot is pretty good against.
My DH on d3 agrees with you. Also HS is the living proof of this lol.
His face makes me remember Handsome Jack from BL2.
She is still broken though. Let's do a quick recap on what everybody hates about soraka when she is powerful and what is the reason she is always nerfed when is even remotely powerful? Most likely guessed it by now, the fucking heal and that thing was even buffed (much lower cd now). I'll give you that Soraka isn't as annoying to play against now though, remember mid raka?
Wasn't the game canceled for a while due to the devs not enjoying it at all while it was being developed? Correct me if I'm wrong on that one btw.
I should clarify a bit that I'm talking also about the "essence" (I'm not sure how to put it) of the champion, just like how ryze/cassio can't be balanced as long as they keep the machinegun mage status (they are already in for another rework mid 2016 iirc). That is one of the reasons I put Soraka on the "older champions" group, she may of been reworked, but her essence is pretty much the same.
??? She's horrible design wise and is already confirmed to a rework next to ryze. There is a reason she is not allowed to be strong. She's not balanced at the moment she's underpowered.
That seems... Broken.
It's a DMR sub, there is nothing we can do about this. Just ignore the guy and move on. Also I've never seen that guy on DMR. Also I'm a LoL player here, it's just nice to have a civil argument with most of the users here. Hell I've only been called a peasant once (if you exclude heartless) so honestly it's pretty rare. Gl on the future.
Welp Eve sounds pretty boring sadly. I'm just trying to find a game that I can play for 30 minutes and have fun with, but holy fuck is that rare now a days. Only things I'm having fun with recently are tf2 Dota customs and LoL. It also doesn't help I come from a hardcore fps background lol.
I guess I'll check it out and reflex shouldn't be that much of a problem hopefully since I avg 0.2 on this 60hz tv. Guess I should just give up on rpg's honestly, they are either too grindy or are just a complete breeze.
Then play normals. Ranked are ment to be competitive, It's as easy as that.
&gt; Thought that was cause of the low player base making it extremely hard to actually have premades matched up against each other. Similar to what happened on high elo? This system should be disabled from d5+ honestly.
Pretty much, don't play on your main until this shit-show is fixed. And if Riot refuses to fix it I fear for soloQ.
&gt; In fact I'd argue they're worse because at least golds and silvers will listen to people on their own team. What...? Also. &gt; I'm usually the only gold and everyone else is Plat and the plats are just as bad at this game as golds/silvers. ...? 1 and 5s divs are normally the same, but there is a pretty big difference between per say a p5 and a g3. The difference only gets bigger the higher you go, jumping from D5 to D4 is like going from S5 to G1 in terms of skill and knowledge.
Because people give up. There are more changes almost nobody liked or weren't adressed correctly that stopped being talked about. This shit though, this thing will kill high elo and low elos will also most likely suffer. Also this is the same issue CSGO mm has, nobody takes it seriously and your rank means shit and people just go to ESEA/Faceit/Cevo to actually have some semi-decent competition. Hell I would gladly pay to be able to play with people who actually care about getting better instead of the shithole a lot of 5s divs are and challenger is.
I've been lurking in the sub for around a year, only commented recently like 1 or 2 months ago though.
They play normals.
Now the important question, was it worth the money?
That is what Dota 2 does. But Riot for some reason can't copy something from another company that works and I don't fucking know why.
The problem is that trying to co-ordinate with 1-2-3-4 other randoms is much harder than with a group of friends you already have sinergy with. If this change stays then after D5 you should not be allowed to use it anymore (since this is when the game starts becoming semi-hard) and I'm not even sure what to do with end of season rewards. I would shift them to play, but you're fucking up solo people.
Yes, a friend of mine in NA just played against the whole clg roster on soloQ.
Yeah... The thing is a shit-show, I already commented on this sub when this thing was first announced and it's the same issues I and so many other people pointed out. Rito fucked up BIG time on this one, I've evaded ranked all day today because of this shit. Also if you're on high elo you can easiely be put (with other random players) vs a 5 man stack so there is a chance that challenger will just become lcs teams + smurfs. And this all goes into the **SOLO** rating, they didn't even make another rank for this shit... Guess LoL rankings will be as useless as csgo rankings now. Issue is we don't have a third party app to be able to play against good players...
Hey. but the border is sweet. I don't honestly care much about it but it's still pretty cool honestly.
How the fuck is WoT gaining so much? From my expirience it is a much older fanbase (the avg might not even be teens honestly, except on the Rus server) so i guess that is why? Maybe because the premium tanks are around 60 bucks? I won't get into balance on their model though. I know I should be talking about the subject on the OP, but fuck if that didn't catch my eye.
Definetly. It just becomes a 24/7 stomp, but it is very profitable.
I won't flame you straight up, but I'll let what you said sink in and let you see why it's so flawed.
I think it should also be noted the amount of stuff they give away and how even the premium vehicles are avilible for free from time to time, all be it pretty hard to get.
He may or may not have recieved the dick.
Yo ori know it's not OP related, but did you see the fiasco going on at the hs sub? Apparently c9 wasn't paying players and some others are viewbotting on twitch.
I don't get why you are getting downvoted honestly. I do want to know what the people who are downvoting you are thinking though, we may be missing something.
So somebody made a fixed version on the LoL sub [here](http://i.imgur.com/PiPUBxM.png). It honestly looks pretty good.
It honestly has potential but they did it horribly, somebody on the LoL sub fixed it like [this](http://i.imgur.com/PiPUBxM.png). With the fix it honestly looks pretty good.
You got burned out, that's it. We are not all made to be playing the same game for months (or years in my case). Just hop from game to game and maybe go back to other ones you've played, chances are you will find them fun again. Oh and don't take all games seriously, just have fun and chill every once in a while.
Huh makes me remember the first time I played (and to some extent still do). Go mid go against shadowfiend 8 minutes pass and then I get 1 shotted at the side. It can honestly be sumerized with this. &gt; What the fuck was that? Why am I stunned? WHAT THE FUCK THAT BURST? WHAT THE FUCK WHO DID THIS JESUS CHRIST Tis' fun.
Don't ask me, I'm not the one who fixed it sadly.
Yeah dealing with tusk later in the game is not that hard, thing is that unless I go a mid with an escape I get butt fucked at my turret for the first 10 minutes. Dealing with the guys is easy but the early pressure he has is insane.
Give me an actual argument on why it actually adds depth instead of just calling me a peasant.
Just make the mana go away when the spell is no longer "cancelable" (is that even a word?) so people would still have to check for visual/sound and it wouldn't break anything for my knowledge and for spells with no immediate effect make the mana go away on the mana bar when the effect happens, think that like that it could honestly work if Dota was to change. Obviously I could be wrong, feel free to fix anything I said.
it was NB3 "leaking it" [here](https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/4137qz/nightblue3_may_have_just_leaked_that_voicechat_is/) is said thread.
He did leak the elise buffs last year though. Chances are that being such a popular streamer means he has some contacts on rito.
&gt; I suppose you think League is exciting as heck even though it has half as many kills per game. It's pretty fun, not every game needs to be a bloodshed to be fun. Now with the vision changes it shifted from farm fest into rotation fest though. It's a lot more skirmishing with poke and due to LoL's nature of having low dmg spells when compared to Dota it doesn't end in many kills per say.
Turn off all chat and she needs to be able to deal with harrasment like that if she wants to play ranked, if she is just going to play with you then just all chat should do the trick. Also try to make her a bit stronger, if some banter over the internet upsets her that much then there may be something deeper you haven't seen. Seen it one too many times and was there myself for a few months when I was depressed, just a friendly advice.
You don't it's as simple as that. You either win the game pre-30 mins or you're fucked, ezreal falls too hard late game and his early to mid q poke is at it's best there. [Here](http://champion.gg/champion/Ezreal) is the champion.gg for you to see yourself. Now with the title out of the way, just play safe and take objectives, there is nothing else I can tell you honestly, the question is too wide. TLDR: You don't play ez late, you don't have the damage. Can't give any specific and cookie cutter tips apply here.
As a adc main, it's the same deal as ALL the AA reliant adc's. She doesn't have the damage to deal with squishys and tanks at the same time. This is mainly because of the new LW and infinity nerf.
Hard carry as riven, people in low elo don't know how to deal with her and the more you play the more shit you start doing without thinking. That's it. Now if you change champions you're likely going to play horribly, get to a level you feel comfortable with dropping some elo and start expanding the champion pool if not by the time you get to diamond chances are they are going to pick your main and you're gone or just feed horribly with a champ you think is easy. You learned to carry the Riven way, not the fiora/gp/shen/top/mid/etc way and it's pretty obvious with the rest of your winrates. Gl.
There is nothing we can do to help you on this, everybody has their own way to deal with tilt which may or may not work on you. If you actually care about winning on rank go ahead and watch People like valkyr or Last Shadow and learn about the game so you can actually win. There is nothing else we can help you here apart of cookie cutter tips that if you search your same question you will find almost everywhere.
Both teams played so bad... Holy fuck, tip didn't even build solari with 4 ap's on the enemy team... I'm also saying this as a LoL player, the game is slower than Dota due to being aggresive being much harder than being passive. Recent games have easiely been over 35 minutes but have been much more active than last season.
AA range still makes her early one of the best. Lucian is avg at best except for lvl 2 and MF is over-tuned. &gt; The new traps have 0 base damage, 45s cd at rank 1 can be toned down and if it had base damage it would be op. Hheadshot should hit for around the same early on anyways. &gt; the Q is 2 times harder to hit for 10 more damage Maybe with base at max level, scaling is much better though, also you should NEVER use Q through minions for damage on adc or even throw it to see if you hit something. Watch some good players playing cait and the almost 100% only use auto unless the Q is guaranteed. &gt; e was nerfed in every way without the headshot thing Hit the E, it's an scape and can be used for damage in some situations, headshot is a good trade-off for fast trading and damaging divers, specially with the E+Q combo or E+W now. I wish they just made it smoother. &gt; oh and yeah base AS is now graves level. This was a stupid change, nothing to say. &gt; The new LW is shitty for everyone, not just Caitlyn, and it doesnt stop non vayne adcs from being good Because most casters don't relly on LW to do damage, they already have the base damage on their spells to do that for them so they can afford to sit on that 1300 LW gold. Only aa reliant adc that I can think of being good apart of Vayne is Tristana, and I even doubt we will be seeing much vayne now with the cheese being nerfed. All of cait's problems (and most aa reliant adc problems) come from the changes to items, infinity is shit, rapid is not the best on them, LW is awful and ER passives are mostly useless on them so it's only taken for crit and damage. All AA reliant adc's became worthles Early to mid and even a little bit from mid to late, until 4 items they don't do anything and cait is no exception. The biggest nerf on her honestly was the Attack speed growth and base atck speed, that made her early to mid if not fed make her team be on a 4v5. Also bf being cheaper made some impact. She needs for that change to be removed or atleast buffed a little, apart from that item fixes which I hope come will make her good again.
In all honesty I bet a lot more people would if it was more popular and with updated graphics. I'm not talking about Dota 2 but just a straight up copy-paste with updated graphics for newer players to get in. I honestly wondering what would happen. On a side note, I wish that csgo was like that. Rip my tapping playstyle.
&gt; That's the exact issue with the Q.. You just end up not using it unless it's guaranteed, which really limits your dmg compared to adcs with better spells. I don't really want to come off like a brat, but this was always the issue with cait Q, the mana is so high and the traps are so much better (in both cait versions, also traps are mana intensive wellplaced trap&gt;Q most of the time) while E is also really mana intensive. It was more used as a threat than actually being used, it limited the enemy mobility in lane and if used it lost all that presence. Again look specifically at WildTurtle's cait, he has one of the best and he almost never uses it. Think of it like a ThreshQ or Blitz Q. I honestly enjoy the new Q much more, harder to hit yes but much more rewarding and made her early insane if allowed to be against a lower level threat supp as nami-janna-soraka-lulu-annie when combined with the traps. Her scaling on basics is awful though and even though she's a utility adc it's still too bad to even do that properly, the items didn't help either on TF's. And yeah, if you'r not an ER user or trist you're shit. Ez might be good now though with the tank nerfs, not sure 100% and I'm waiting to see on the lcs which for the looks of it he is being used on a lot, now to find out exactly why.
Wait, can you give me the link please? Haven't seen it.
I'm fucking done LOL.
This. Why are you discussing shit on youtube, for some reason the place is infested with idiots who think opinions should not be questioned or can't be. That's my mini rant with that.
I can point out all the pros and cons of graves adc or atleast most, but it goes down to this: Very snowbally extremly unsafe and if behind CAN'T come back. I don't really want to sound like an asshole on it. On lower elos (honestly until D5) you can play what ever you honestly want and it can work if you're good, there is a point though that it will fall flat on the face. With graves adc you bassicly give a free lane and can't control the wave. Note that controlling the wave is easiely the most important thing on bot because this will tell you when to poke/trade/fight/etc and if you can't control it you're on a BIG disadvantage. Most of his flaws don't come if he goes jungle, this is why he is being used there, oh and that nobody can win a 1v1 against him. I'll be honest I haven't lost a single lane against graves even with vayne, the new autos just completly kill the lane control he can have and with no creep control you have no all in potential if the enemy is good.
It's like Riot's coding all over again. Now on a serious note, it's not as bad as on TF2, game was made in like what? 2007? And shit runs worse than CSGO when you see 1 fucking enemy... I legit drop from 300 frames ish to 90 at mid fights and even walking around they feel horrible.
Insane sustain on jungle, can't be counter jungled and godlike damage for a jungler, if the cc is somewhere else this guy becomes a carry jungler. He is also pretty tanky thanks to the E. Check out [probuilds](http://probuilds.net/champions/details/Graves) for some references on the build he goes.
It literally tells you how long ago they were played...
Did you actually end up unsubbing dude?
It all depends. I got to D5 on s4 with around 100 wins and 400 normals ish, other people take 500 with 1k normals or more. It really just depends on how fast you improve yourself.
Osu changes your sensitivity. It's awful for gaining muscle memory or even just doing quick flicks. Also if he is trying to learn mechanics it all depends on where he is on the ladder. High up? Mechanical champs, down low? easy champs to get basics down.
I still don't get the money argument... Can somebody please explain this? 2.5 millions seems pretty good taking in count that teams barely have to travel and they have a salary while on Dota with the open circuit they have a lot more expenses normally and the pricepool is done by the community iirc so it kind of evens out...
The game is skill-capped and I'm not kidding, counters seem like extreme hard counters (as in literal no outplay potential) and balance overall looks to make tanks pretty op. Won't say much more though since I haven't played comp just yet. Oh, also all the "big" moments are pretty much just pressing the ultimate and letting the game play itself... It's fun at the beggining, but it slowly dies out on you. Also a personal gripe of mine is that rocket are way too fucking fast, like stupid fast.
Damn your writers falir, you explain shit I struggle at with such ease. Anyways I don't have much to say, I agree with you 100% on this thing.
I was also going to name it, but for what we know it's only during the beta to check stressings on server. Now is that bullshit? I have no idea.
Don't blame you, it's become a lot more senseless bashing that actual discussion lately for some reason. I wonder why though... Hell I think you were the first guy I talked to when I started commenting on this sub. Kind of convinced me to stay a little longer if it's actually you.
Honestly compared to other mobile games it's pretty high quality. It's a good side-hoe deal, it's just pretty fun for playing casually.
Holy shit quake live is now actually p2p, that's dissapointing... Also I used to play quake3 cpm so I know my fair bit about it 8).
Honestly from what I've heard the game is getting pretty big on asia, wouldn't be surprised if there were even some tournys around for it. Thing I wonder though is how would this tournys look, like do they just put a table infront of them and all on a table or something? I imagen it being kind of anti-climatic honestly.
Ping is annoying but honestly isn't that big of a thing on LoL. People normally just use it as an excuse because they play badly.
Have fun, that's it. You either love it and keep going through the small amount of viewers and shit or you just stop. Gl dude.
Uh kind of late to the part but for ww games the [MoHEu assault](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1n-uWmgOm9g) is godlike. For the rest there is a lot of things I listen to, a standout though are some songs on Deemo (Iphone rythm game, it's godlike and has some f2p songs, check it out), my favorite from there is definetly [wings of piano](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkJZ8TUiHFs)
I'm late to the party but trackmania, any of them all and worlds united is f2p. Competitive racing game that has no issues with lag and it's just an all round godlike game.
If you're up to vod reviewing yourself I'll play a normal with the champ and you can see if you learn anything.
Welp ended up playing 3 normals, keep in mind that I fuck around a shit ton on normals so quality of gameplay isn't the best, chances are that there are some older lucian replays if you search back on my match history on mostly team-ranked. [Here](http://las.op.gg/summoner/userName=moondawg1) is the link to the op,gg, csing is horrible so are predictions and map awarness (caused mostly due to speaking like an idiot on teamspeak) . I would recomend watching the third one due to it being the only one that went to late game due to me just telling my buddy to not go support and ended up being stuck with a over-passive braum. Oh and maybe watch the second one to have an example of why you don't tell people you react to things by sound (tip it was the yasuo who said it), also 1-2 have an ok showing on what to do when you win bot. 1-2 have ok wave control which let the thresh be free to hook and 3 has a how to zone vayne when availible. Gl if you decide to watch them dude!
Hey Riot's creep block is so bad it ended up infecting csgo holy fuck. That shit is a virus now, check for it like the pest. Also sick hops.
The fuck are you doing here? How did I even find you again wtf.
Is soldier front even alive anymore? Like from what I've heard is still somehow going on EU but NA is a wasteland.
Activision with cod4... Oh it could of been such a good e-sports and they just left it in the dust because who knows why... God I miss promod.
It varies from person to person. I personally learned to conrtol it back in my 1.6 days, thing I did was just keep mind and talk over everything I did and it kept me away from this adrenaline rush and made me be able to play smart and outplay. Another thing you can do is pre-plan things on your head before they happen, this will limit that adrenaline rush pretty well. Apart from that just experiment and get yourself into more of this situations, eventually you will learn to deal with them.
For the future check out [probuilds](http://probuilds.net/) for reference on runes/masteries/builds. On the streamers question, sadly there isn't any.
I hate how this is subjective and people put is as a fact and then go "it's just my opinion no hatepls". This is one of the few things that honestly annoys me to the point of making me mad. Also, youtube. Really dude?
I should of posted this on text, agh. Anyways reason I'm posting this is to avoid any future miss-information.
~~They did some pretty wierd shit like [this](http://puu.sh/mBhMA/5bcda9f0c5.png)~~, solo will be activated a few weeks (think 2 not sure) after the season starts which is pretty sad for me since I wanted to rush challenger. Rip.
I don't share your opinion but I'll voice mine at the best of my ability on a tl:dr. Bassicly it would become a fiesta at D1 with no way for pros or good teams to notice you due to the amount of players that would be there on different skill level. Times should be longer since you are searching as a group and yeah this wouldn't affect lower level at all honestly.
Lol against challenger teams, later maybe tf2 against some invite players.
Wtf, that's top 3 in the world by mmr, it's not easy task and he still has no invites? How...
Interesting, thanks for the read dude. Also, so inhouses are pretty much the only way to get noticed huh. Makes me remember cs.
Rapid fire enables you to poke due to Q being longer. This alone defeats IE second item. Also Lucian uses his autos a shit ton.
The god honest truth as an adc main who has recently been demoted from challenger due to decay: Everything. Wave managment is the biggest thing, but trading-positioning-2v2-1v1-knowledge-itembuys, everything is faster and more fluid.
It's better for pure damage on his skills, thing about it is that it delays your cdr powerspike for huge amounts of time and it gives you really shit seiging. There are a lot of builds on lucian that are better than infi to ER or ER to RFC in terms of pure damage, but powerspikes are way too delayed and lucian is one of those champs that always needs to be relevant in order to be succesfull, if he is behind even for a little bit he is pretty useless.
That looked hilarious lmao. Also the aa over the wall has been there since forever, you can do it with every melee champion and even get aa ranged abilities through it like rammus taunt, it's just a really thin wall.
It feels it makes it longer, just tested it and it doesn't it just makes the range be almost the same pixel for pixel so it ends up with a feel of being "longer". Now the reason I was also confused is that Lucian has a range of 500 and so does his Q but the range indicator shows much more but I could swear for my life that the Q was longer with rpc. Also the numbers are taken out of the wiki [here](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Lucian). I'm honestly kind of mind-fucked by it since I had in my memory that lucian Q was 500 and also it feels like 500 but shows much more...
It depends how high on the boosting ladder they are, LastShadow commented on a booster friend he had who runned a ring of boosting and made 20k a month. So if you're smart a lot. If you're not, it's minimum wage.
Wait, IdrA tried to go pro on HotS? Damn I remember that guys trashtalking when sc2 started, thought he died or somethin.
The NaCl from IdrA would be too much for our pure bodies to handle. The fragile line of reality would shatter with that much amount of salt.
And why is it? If you don't enjoy metas then mobas aren't for you, or just play normals. The meta is literally on every single thing no matter if it's Irl or games. And also if you think that this meta is "unstrategic" then please go ahead and analyze the game to find why the meta is even there in the first place.
Got confused with another thread for a second for some reason. I'm dumb. Anyways twitch is still a pretty good 1v1 the guy needs atleast 2 items (not 100% sure, haven't seen a twitch since the adc update) and the drop, he is bassicly the assasin of adc, you shouldn't have a problem on 1v1ing anybody with this guy except for corki and vayne in all honesty, you can even kite most of the adc with his ulti range (which is totally possible if done right, imagen how cait would harras in lane by letting you get into 1/4 of her range instead of aaing on max range). If you don't get the drop you're fucked lol.
The game has designated roles and it has been "balanced" for that, now it lets you chose before getting into p/b. I don't see the problem with this, you queued for top/mid and got one of the two as did everybody else...
Since literally today. And it's global.
The only thing I can tell you is to climb up the ladder, the higher you go the less people give a fuck honestly.
Uh I kind of got used to bashing cuz of bashing, a lot of people bash even on cod 2-4-5 just because it's named cod. Now onto the turn-rates thing, as a LoL player it does look pretty slow since the characters in LoL turn instantly, can't really blame them for thinking that.
That has been happening on some csgo threads over here.
I have no idea what you are talking about... Lyte? I really don't fucking know.
Even though I do agree, it's mostly to make a point that different view points do exist for mechanics we all love (or hate).
I'm honestly done talking with you on this one, not worth my time.
Pretty much why and so many people hate her, the damage is not the annoying part, it's her pure amount of mobility and bullshit factor (?) with passive that make it a living hell playing against her.
That has always been the case though, this again doesn't limit what you can pick on the rol, just the rol itself.
Because I don't bash a stupid comment like the one said in the thread since we have seen it a million times before? Might aswell try to drive the conversetion onto something else which may prove usefull later on. Oh and that I also like something that you don't? Anyways unless you have something usefull to say or discuss, I'll be on my way.
Game is broken as fuck. I can't even begin to imagen the amount of game braking bugs that would be found with sandbox, kind of like when somebody found out you could have an instant recall on every champion and they had to disable ranked for like 3 days while fixing that shit. I just want a place to figure out the hitbox of shit without having to look at scripting videos, holy fuck is tha too much to ask.
This is why I said champ select trolls...
Elo hell doesn't exist or boosting services wouldn't exist. All that info that you have soaked up is not being applied at all and your mechanics are likely awful, there really is nothing else to say here you are bronce and that's it, it's where your skill level at the moment is. Also the reason that the majority of the game is bronce/silver/gold is because YOU need to carry the game, and that is where most casual players are who play for enjoyment. Chances of 1 person losing you the match on lower elos is almost non unless they are explicity feeding/afking/trolling/etc because those massive errores you see them do, you do them yourself countless of times in 1 match.
Mmr fuck up was only at D5 on the times you won 9lp and lost 30 (yeah I grinded that shit out, 15 wins in a row to get out of the hell). Chances are that you are doing a duoQ with much lower elo friends who are dragging your mmr to shit, this is why people reach D5 by duoing with some plat 3 or plat 4 friend and the more they win the less LP they get until they reacha point where the mmr for that league is so much higher than the mmr they have gained through playing with that friend (winning against lower-end players gives you less mmr than higher end depending on your mmr). I worded it like shit so I'll give a quick example. Bassicly your friend is a 4 and you're on 8, you will be playing against 5-6's but this will only boost you to 9 and your league requires a 14 to gain normal lp gains and it only goes higher the higher you go. Now if you're playing alone I have no fucking idea since this has to be traced back.
Every champion can hyper carry on lower elos, I got my first smurf out of bronce playing adc thresh on every lane. There really is nothing I can help you with here, put a replay/s up on summonerschool and ask there, chances are you are making a shit ton of mistakes you are not seeing or just haven't found your own way to improve yet.
Didn't Anivia already get a nerf like 1 or 2 patches ago? Atleast I remember seeing a nerf for her on the PBE, but yeah that is one of the reason this champs are almost never allowed to be strong. Honestly the older the champion the less chances they are allowed to be strong since they are so frustrating to play against.
It all depends on which league you are, if you're g1+ then that tanked your mmr so hard, specially if you lost. Hell you can even lose mmr by winning. This is why you always want a duo who is on the same league as you.
WHO THE FUCK ALLOWS LEBLANC TO BE GOOD? FUCKING REWORK THE CHAMPION ALREADY. FUCKING ASSASIN WITH THE BURST OF VEIGAR ULT AND THE ABILITY TO JUMP AROUND LIKE IF SHE WAS MOSES SPLITTING THE WHOLE FUCKING CODING TO BURST YOUR ASS WITH A FUCKING Q. ALSO THE FUCK IS WITH THE CHAIN RANGE. OH AND FUCK TK TOO, JUST A FAT BALL OF STATS WITH A FRUSTRATING AS FUCK W.
A friend went from challenger to p5 which was pretty funny, the guy is already on D5 hopping leagues and winning like 40lp per win. If you are good enough you will climb again, hell if I could drop to B5 I would take it, would be a fun expirience.
I remember there being something about losing mmr on a win if the enemy was low enough, but this is when you could Q with literaly anybody (aka a D1 duo with a B5). It was a very special thing though from what I remember. Anyways yeah you are correct, now a days you can not lose mmr by winning.
Nah, you're just a toxic as fuck.
Even though I would love free stuff (like most people) are you sure you want to give them to me out of everybody? I barely have around 50 hours of Dota.
High mana cost high cd low range and no mobility on cho (not even good base stat). If you get hit by that with him not flashing you fucked up.
Welp added you since I can't sleep for shit.
Sure send me your steam on pm and I'll add ya. I'm amazed people are actually offering me stuff, I posted my comment mostly to have a laugh on that I don't have shit. I'll tell you the same thing I did with Brand though, are you sure since I barely have 50 hours?
Haha, why do I have a feel you're from EU. Sure I'll add you up dude.
I would if I didn't spend it all while out with his mom.
Pretty much what I was thinking, thanks for answering dude and good luck on the AMA!
In LoL it ends up depending on team-comp how long they are in lane honestly. Now on Dota I'm sure it's also team-comp dependant, but feels like if they are ment to force things they are pretty good at that (fucking tusk homing snowball wtf) so they end up roaming a lot more.
I can confirm your stuff actually, just placed with my smurf on plat 1 after the reset and holy shit. The blaming from the adc to the support is fucking huge whenever I lane here, it's pretty sad honestly. Too many adc on that elo are too far down doublelifts dick to even look at what is infront of them. I won't even start with the vayne 1 tricks over there either. Have you ever played the vayne spotted game?
I agree with you. I explained myself like shit though, just wanted to point out that a support like Tusk is keen to be much more active than a dazzle for example.
Sorry if this question is not related to your knee but it's not always you get to talk with an ex-pro. So how was life after the LCS for you and other pros? I know you said you were looking for a job but what happened as soon as you left? Have teams become more "clean" later this years? How hard do you think getting into a big team now is coming from soloQ? Would love to ask some more if you don't mind since like I said, it's not always you get to talk with an ex-pro. Don't worry if you don't feel like answering though.
Holy shit this was detailed, I appreciate it a lot. Seems like Korea is what I thought it was from what you were telling me, i really doubt I want to go there after the confirmation. Also you were went to Harvard? Nice! Has it helped you out in life? Mostly asking since I don't want to go to Uni myself when I grow up (Always have hated anything related to school, but love learning. Kind of wierd, huh), but if the benefits outweight my hate I would maybe look to get into it since I am going to an IB school, might aswell use the bloody thing.
Love how the answer is so docile, nice one.
Even though I agree with you to some extent, there is really just a limited amount of things you can compare with Dota on a good level. Saying that I don't personally agree with the op.
Holy shit heartless you can be nice? Is that really you? I'm scared.
Holy shit.
Fair enough I guess.
The only two games I knew were Dirty Bomb (Really good game imo, I fucking loved it) and well, hots. Did so many f2p games actually come out in 2015? w0w, I should keep up with this shit.
I can understand Wildstar honestly and maybe gw2, but if what you say about eos is true then what the fuck.
Yeah just searched it too, why was it even added? Kind of defeats the whole porpuse of the video, also if it's coming from asia I'm afraid of p2w shit. Now talking a bit more about the video somehow I missed world of warships and armored warfare which honestly both are pretty good and pretty fair if a f2p playyer, now with the minecraft looking thing, is it actually worth it to play? Gives me a feel of the older minecraft before they added so much shit to it. Oh also any chance you're going to stream again? Sadly I missed it.
&gt; shame about the ranked tag time, skill gap Could you explain this a bit more? Haven't played it recently sadly.
Can't blame you. Also iirc you're on 1500 kbps, how can you stream with that? Mostly asking since I am on the same thing here.
Huh, taking in count it's f2p cheaters must be a big issue, damn how sad... And the game is so much fun, it's pretty much WF:ET with updated graphics (another game which I fucking loved and played on a high level, it actually has the same devs now remembering!), but without the 24/7 medic strat lol. Also I have no idea, it has also been happening on other normal comments where I'll go -1 then go back to 1 or 2. Pretty wierd. Edit: I just realized my other comments with heartless were also downvoted, is somebody out for my head or am I being stupid and just not seeing it?
Uh it can work if the penalty is not given if you are rported in just 1 game. We all know how cancer the community can become, but apart of thst it's honestly a good idea.
Yes, lol. I still don't like how doublelift plays and I've never liked it much, it was normally aphro setting up something that any other challenger adc could dominate on. Another adc which I think is overrated is rekkles, the guy is good no doubt but people hype him to hell and back because of cleaning up 1 teamfight with tristana. Now talking about dlift again for a second, the guy is good and has extreme raw skill, thing is that it looks like he can't think much when under pressure which leads him to getting caught or playing over passive. Now again, are this players bad? Not at all.
Most people either circle jerk or have thier own opinion.
FUCK
I do agree, but it's still insane being over 12k damage from the next top damage, and it's not like corki is the only champion with poke in that game.
сенскис времикова усссейчаИ тобжасе I can maybe speak russian, maybe.
Now we need the guy from last post with the passive aggresive smileys and shit.
Again I agree but the difference in damage is still insane, even for being the heaviest poke champ in that game.
And that is exactly what I said, corki is the champ with the best poke in that game but against that lineup poke alone doesn't do that much damage.
The link you gave us was not started by Thorin. Anyways, it's quite sad to see the SC community being triggered by this, it's like seeing the dying breath of a once beautiful thing. Imagen what SC could of been today if it wasn't managed by Blizz and instead somebody who actually knew their shit, Sigh. Now to have a small laugh, TLO vs Thorin! &gt; Dario Wünsch ‏@LiquidTLO 23h23 hours ago @Thooorin Don't keep pretending like you actually know shit about our scene. &gt; Thorin ‏@Thooorin 23h23 hours ago @LiquidTLO Eat a dick I'm honestly amazed tlo is still playing sc holy shit.
Oh hey I'm on the list! Cool. Edit: I think it starts as soon as I have to go for a medical appointment, stream for more than 2 hours pl0x.
I'm more surprised he survived through all the korean shit, remember watching him back in like 2010 (?) on Husky's channel and being amazed by him, then Koreans came stomped everybody and everybody left, surprised he toughed through all of that.
I would be able to talk more about this if I knew the players by name, fuck. Normally the capts are either the supports or junglers and they are mentioned, they are mentioned as with the ex-support from fnatic for example, but for some reason they don't get enough praise. I'll end my talking here since I don't know enough about the players (mostly names, I'm fucking horrible with them) to go into detail.
Sure then, I'll be on. hope I don't pass out while watching though since I haven't slept much.
Both games do it naturally... Normally. So there isn't much of who does it better, what both games can learn from each other though is that you should NEVER try and put Y type in something dominated by X type, this applies to fps too (so if you want an example with Cod or Cs I can give it), but I'll stick with LoL for this one. So the 3 most recent examples of this madness have been: Mordekaiser, Kindred and Graves. Morde ended up bot after the juggernaut patch and was nerfed for I bealive 3 months straight, even more. Graves (also on top!) and Kindred ended up jungle, now why did they end up there? Because they recieved a bunch of free stats in order to do that job succesfully, graves in the form of tankyness+stupid burst and kindred in the form of raw damage and mobility what is happening with them now? They are being nerfed to hell and back. It's the same reason why shotguns can never be on the same place as rifles on fps. Hope I was clear, I doubt it though.
What are they doing that is catering to whales o.o? Also I remember Phantom, guy was broken as fuck when he came out. Over here I loved Aura and Fragger. Oh and Spark because she was broken as fuck.
Likely 2-3 hours a day since it was during a school period, used to topscore 24/7 since it was pretty similar to WT:ET (same devs) and everything I learned in that game pretty much transfered over, so I never really got the avg user thing I guess. Also 16 hours doesn't seem that bad 2 days of 2 hours and then 1 hour a day and you should be able to get it
&gt; i will, maybe 8hours than break than another 5 or something, I come back from the medic 2 hours after the 7 hour mark, stream is offline. Rip.
Tencent will eventually rape everybody honestly and if they don't they will fuck you somewhere else. It's pretty annoying honestly.
Isn't that what WoW and well, mmorpgs are based around? Anyways like /u/Ordinary-Magician said, wrong genre for it
I'm a league player (Challenger-masters level at that), most of here are either league players or ex-league players. This sub is mostly for informed talking and having a laugh to stupid shits like you. Now please don't trip on the way out, wouldn't want you in here for a second.
No matter what I'm always going to be biased to some point, I attempt to be the least possible while trying to look at both sides of the coins, but I appreciate the words man, thanks.
Heh funny enough skins do give a small edge when it comes to aa animation which is much smoother most of the time if it's an older championg (Namely vlad's skins and rumble's skins, oh and Vayne also has a smoother AA skin which is huge on her early) Also talking about skins that give you an edge, Galaxy rumble apart from having better partciles for his abilities (it represents the hitbox a bit better) the skin had over a month iirc lower cooldowns for some or all his abilities... That was a thing. So yeah some skins do actually give an advantage, thing is that most people don't actually know they are there.
It's a hidden passive only active in normals, same deal as Nami having faster movement speed on the river... I actually think it even got cut from normals, not sure.
Was mostly thinking about recording then uploading it since almost everybody is from eu or NA and well I'm on SA aldo my internet is not the best upload wise. I can't sleep for shit halp
How did we end with the traps bein tied to me if you were the one who mentioned them &lt;.&lt;?
If people actualmy want it likely during this week since I need to test if I can even stream.
MY FUCKING MAFIA GRAVE'S AUTOS, FUCK. I miss those autos dude, they were so fucking good and the only reason I bought the fucking skin and they never put it back, fuck.
I'm not sure if I should be scared or not. Anyways the post doesn't even have 1 positive upvote, doubt I'll stream or do a video.
The fuck is going to happen to you dude?
Wait, the ts is back up? Last time I tried it, well it wasn't up. Does anybody use it?
The fuck is that? Like legit I don't know and sounds fancy because it sounds french.
You sure you want to do that? If you really want to, good luck dude, but don't do anything stupid!
I'll answer this one fast since I'm on my phone and hate typing here. The thing is that on LoL the map is extremly small compared to dota making it easier to predict things and with the lack of good side objectives there is no reason to fight. If dragon and herald were better we would likely see less of the laneswap meta and if the buffs also became a bigger objective (like when ziggs was meta the only way to win was to steal blue) we would see teams actually do something. Minewhile is just a starve them out with gold advantage and wait for baron and bait. God I hate typing on my phone. So yeah there is no reason to fight on LoL, like at all, oh and death timers are retarded.
It mostly becomes: see what enemy team is picking, counter try and counter enemy team while leaving almost no weakness. You never draft with 1 strat in mind in LoL since that makes you stupidly predictable and people will fuck you up. This is why champions like lulu, elise, viktor, kalista, etc are so good on competitive, they tell almost nothing while being safe bets at first picking. If you watch the worlds of this year Elise was p/b not because she was stupid op but because she adapted to every single team and people were able to see 2 or even 4 picks from the enemy without giving anything away.
Top priority: Rework most of older champions so they are not a hell to play against when they are semi-strong, anybody remembers the Ziggs meta? Yeah, don't want that shit again.
&gt; All runes and rune pages are free For some reason I thought that also said champs, fast reading fucking me in the ass.
That sounds a lot like s2 support on LoL, impactful and busy yes, but boring as all hell since it was so repetitive and you bassicly became the food of the enemy assasin since he didn't even need ulti to kill you because of being heavily under-leveled and having pretty much no items. I wonder if they are going to change supports in Dota or they are just going to keep them like that, huh.
Oh I knew she looked similar, that explains a lot. By the way, how did you even approach her for this shit? I can see it playing in my head like, Hey! I need pictures of me in this banana suit attacking somebody with a LoL reference! or some shit.
This has been like this for atleast 1 day. Now on a serious note, it has been like this since csgo came out I think. Why isn't it fixed? Fuck if I know.
That's... Interesting. So in order to be a chick magnet we need a banana custom... Huh. /u/Im_Heartless take notes. Anyways, on a serious note that is amazing dude, I personally have never gone to any convention so I have no idea what even happens there, nobody on my ex-school was really into anything but sports sadly and going alone didn't seem as fun. Could be a nice way to meet people though.
What up with the lina flair?
41% wr, damn.
Lmao this would be my soloQ recently, do well early, mid goes 5-15 ez.
Personally this patch denied any type of change I had on my LoL voices, I just want them on english and they removed the option for it.
How the fuck can you spam that keyboard so much at such low fps? Actually how the fuck did you even get high elo with such low fps? Fucking god's work. Jesus take the wheel!
Actually this patch all my voices where changed to the default spanish instead of being english as I had them set to. I'm amazed this happened this patch also, did they limit the voice for some fucking reason?
I'll actually add a bit on this, I got my smurf to D5 using no runes or masteries. Runes are barely a thing unless playing mages where they honestly have a pretty big impact. Now they are needed on top level though, but 2 pages should be more than enough except for really specific shit like kennen.
Limiting fps to get more consistent bhops has been a thing since source. Hell source had different types of "perfect" bhops depending on fps which would dictate how often you would hace to crouch. People on csgo even use fraps to limit fps to 30 to bhop better, it is a real thing.
You can as long as it's not lee sin, he's the only jungle I can think of that straight up can't clear without runes. Masteries honestly have a much much bigger impact than runes.
I won't even go into the quality of games. Stacks of D5's playing against ex-masters/challenger and you get put on the D5 team and they just surrender at 20 because they got stomped. Dynamic would be pretty good if you didn't have to deal with the fuckers playing the thing if you actually solo fucking queued. I'm tired of having mids going 0-7 in the first 10 fucking minutes holy shit. This shit became seal clubbing if you have friends on smurfs.
Like I said, it has been a thing since source came out. I'll just post some threads and videos about it instead of explaining since it's pretty hard to do. Videos: [1, explains it pretty well](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-JJyj9SFUg) [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJ84E20pZHw). Threads: [1](http://www.hltv.org/forum/717797-fps-cap-exploit-for-bunnyhopping) [2](https://play.esea.net/index.php?s=forums&amp;d=topic&amp;id=621818) This is from a 1 minute google search, I'm too lazy to search more.
Doesn't invoker have around a 50% wr? The more I see the guy the more I feel like it should be a 45% ish.
I haven't been up with Comp Dota, my bad. What did they nerf by the way?
Thunderlords is much more than 20 damage, and yes I do bealive it is depending on which champion you are playing. Also 15 ad? I haven't used ad reds and quints in a while on any lane since atck speed is so good with csing and trading.
Lmao, also looking at winrates, the fuck happened to spectre? Fucker is at 60% wr while the next higher is zeus at 56.
I never fucking saw this survey as a high elo player. If you didn't do a mass survey for this then it's worthless.
Going from LoL to Dota and vice versa is a fucking pain. Games even down to turn-rates are massively different and it's not only relearning a game, but relearning and forgetting your entire "feel" you had for the other. This doesn't happen on fps games and you can easiely transition from one to another.
As long as you don't pay there really is no problem, lol.
Dota is just not realistic for the avg dev. Exile can work though, but don't know how you would adapt that to other genres since a lot of time is a pay 2 be comfortable kind of thing. Guess it can work on casual games?
&gt; dota 2 was made for an already existing player base Pretty much nailed it there. For a full free game like dota to succeed you need to have an instant influx of dedicated players which well Dota had since Dota 1 was thing. &gt; i think buy to play or cosmetics only are very viable consumer models I honestly think the grind thing can work out if the grind is not too big or there is a way to unlock everything by paying once (smite). If neither of those are met then yeah no way the game is going to survive with the only exception I know being LoL.
Unfair mm. To leave it on a Dota perspective imagen a bunch of 6k againdt a team full of 7.5-8k. Pretty much what happened there.
Meta changed actually, supps are going sight into some ap item, depends on the supp. Zyra is cancer and is karma with bard, they hit like a truck early on and have insane mid-game spikes. You really want to stay on the tank meta on supps, it's literally the most healthy one.
&gt; 50% Win Rate for the past 60 days Shit, just coming back since a friend I used to play with died and wasn't able to touch the game. Also fuck up on here: &gt; 3+ Tier 8 Tanks (See recruiter for details) Ah well, I'll drop my [wotlab](http://wotlabs.net/na/player/MoonDawg1) for the fucks of it. Holy shit I just realized how much the mt-25 is tanking my stats, damn.
Play ez/mf/twitch into him with a bully support. Really the range nerf affected lucian's lane big time and it's not an auto win anymore. If you really want to shit on him MF is your go to champ here.
I struggle at this too at D1. There really is little that you can do apart of aaing the guy who doesn't have thornmail. It's a horribly designed item that punishes you for doing what you're actually supposed to. Only thing that can help you is a LS item with just the LW component, not upgraded. Have been doing it like that for a few and it fits what I need since I don't get myself out of the teamfight for literally doing my job and still have enough dmg to kill the tank.
This was so good. As my first one the only issue I had were that subs at times were too long for the time they were up. Or it may just be me since I haven't read a book in a while.
Dude, you can't even buy green wards anymore pinks are visible and trinket wards only last a minute with a 2 min cd. Vision and flash aren't the problem. One of the biggest problems atm is that you just don't fight if there is no objective on the line unless you are massively ahead and you can win the teamfight even if you massively fuck up because dying is so punishing in LoL. Oh also forgot to mention that on LoL there aren't many "bigdmg/impact" abilities like on Dota, which makes it easier for people to get out at times.
&gt; the moment they cant gate everyone in one timeslot we see the real numbers The schedule is fucking terrible dude. It ends at like 4-5 am on EU. 3-4 am here and for NA it was 2-3 am and even crushes with other sports tournys iirc. The fucking schedule is so bad and hell when I'm on twitch I didn't even know lcs was going on since they changed channels.
What the fuck happened while I was asleep? Holy shit
I'll be really honest. Riot's balance team is pretty braindead when it comes to solving meta issues on adc and they have no idea on how to make the role balanced and hell this can apply to other roles, but specifically jg and adc.
This explains much more than it should...
&gt; Reddit is a pretty small percentage of their userbase This is a thing that even though true is still stupid to dismiss everything reddit says just because it's small. Reddit covers a wide range of elos opinions and shit, so if something implodes on reddit like what happened with the dynamic anouncement and all the other dynamic posts (every single one is easiely over 1k comments with constant shitting) then it's safe to assume it's an insanely heated topic. Now also I bealive this brings more money in the short run, but on the long run is complete shit, and I normally wouldn't expect this from a multy-billionaire company, but we have already been shown how amateur Riot truly is this past 2 seasons. I really doubt they know what they are actually doing at this point...
&gt; Wait, where do script abusers/cheaters even come into play? How do they work and affect matches? Do we even know if most boosters abuse scripts? (not to defend them, it just seems out of place to me since LoP scripting is probably different from the dota scripting that has existed) Scripting is used almost 100% of the time when boosting, I know it since I'm also around high elo players. This is why boosters from for example NA also boost on EU, BR, TR, Las, EUW etc because scripts make up for everything. I know some don't though. &gt; Edit: Okay so if there are boosters bringing multiple accounts into the high-brackets (let's say some sold and some didn't) but are all the same person, doesn't that not even make a difference in the actual amount of concurrent players within those brackets? Masters and D1 can hold an unlimited amount of players, but challenger can only hold 200. This means the more challenger spots used by boosted accounts or boosters which maintain their accounts there for the sake of it, the bigger the Q times are and the less people feel like playing since it starts feeling like a chore and then you add that Dynamic took all of glory of being high elo away on the community (people who were d5 last season are on chall and you can clearly tell they are bad) and you get a ladder with 30+ minutes q times so people just go to smurf/boost/quit. There is no reason to play anymore since games are lowering in quality by the day.
Definetly. I never understood why they went away from the ELO system...
&gt; They probably think it will more than balance out with the people who force their friends to keep spending playing. Then you arrive to D5 and you're forced to split up due to the limit only being 3. Honestly dynamic can't work if it's combined with the solo ladder and if riot somehow find a way to fix this without getting rid of dynamic and still being combined with a solo ladder I'll beak them a cake and even buy a rito flag or some shit.
I fixed that by using the same slots every time. Q=utility, W=dmg E=df A=utility2 and normally don't get to D.
And over here I died by going over a rock on my light. :(
Yeah that's why everybody goes to ESEA/CEVO/FACEIT/inhouses to get quality games. Csgo ranked is a joke made for casuals, which is alright due to what I mentioned before. Now problem is, OW doesn't have this.
Even though I do also agree with the premade thing, global is so easiely achievable that the quality differes heavily from game to game.
[--](http://puu.sh/pl6bt/7e49fecc99.png) I have lost control of my life. Also was talking with a girlfriend and time flew a bit more than it should... Fuck i have 2 tests tomorrow...
Holy shit you're alive
&gt; I have another friend that stopped playing dota2 because he doesn't have time to study, even though I'm still better than him in everything after he uninstalled the game. Dude you sound like an asshole here, no reason to include the second part. Really just goes to hint there is more behind here that we don't know. Oh well.
Also don't forget the M5 stuart now. Thing can't even pen his own tier half the time.
&gt; don't attack him when his W is on Taunt and he can normally last long enough to get a second taunt on you for if you have qss. As another high diamond/low chall adc, the hardest to beat there are malph and rammus by a long shot, while the easiest are voli and ekko. Nasus depends on match up and how many stacks he has on Q... Can you qss nasus W and E passive anymore? I honestly have no idea what the fuck you can qss now... I miss my old qss...
Which is rather sad since she's such a good pocket pick because she's always relevant. Sadly meta will later shift and she will go back to obscurity, but knowing Rito they will nerf her along the way like they did with all the other adc... God I fucking hate riot's balance team it's so bad...
&gt; In LoL champions have to be homogenised cause if they were not you might nkt be able to counterpick them. Imagine if DotA had lols model and somebody picks Meepo. Now its yourn turn to pick a carry but you dont own sven or some other counter. This has been wrong with the last few updates. Adc are stupidly specific on what they do now, mids are also there and they are moving onto other classes. This being said I hope they make the grind for champs much smaller than it is now, since well, they are far too deep to make it pure f2p... I don't even think it's legal anymore...
I didn't know you could get enough gun depr there for an a-44 to work out. Huh... I should install the hd client so my shit actually lines up... Like really why am I able to shoot through rocks on the sd wtf.
I've been offered nudes and other sexual shit for boosting to diamond+ and met a current girl I'm talking a bit too much to in ranked. To some point yeah it can get you pussy amazingly.
Thanks for the info dude. I'll look at it tomorrow. Again if this solves the issue finally, thank you a lot.
On a high level with the role that is the definition of masochism. Also there is a difference between casual gaming and competitive gaming.
I highly doubt I mean anything to almost everybody I've met online. Also why would I rush getting a gf? Don't see the point of having a gf for the sakes of it.
Yeah pretty much. Also you have close to 0 impact until 2 items and if your support is bad you literally have no impact until 30 mins unless you get lucky. Also the jungler camps you hard and so do the rest of the enemy team, is it by roaming or tp (normally tp). Oh and everybody wamts to kill you 24/7 and all our def items have been nerfed to the ground, so even if you're max lvl and build that 1-2 item assasin can still 1. Shot you. Shit is hard Hell you can ask giant more about it since I'm off to school, had to bassicly teach him how to deal with 3 people diving him while having no scape and how to predict flashes, a good adc always predicts 5+ secs into the future or he dies almost 100% of the time. Edit: also if the support is building ap he can 1 shot you. It's not wierd to see a zyra/karma/brand do more damage to champs than the adc itself now. It's rather retarded honestly.
It really is, like it honestly is. The role as I said though is frustrating as all hell and 1 miss step can lead to your death almost 100% of the time which is why it's the hardest mechanical role. 1 main thing you have to do or either you will RQ: Stop giving a fuck when you play adc, bealive me it's for the best.
It's not really a big deal honestly. Also I wish tf2 had the timing on the health packs too, damn.
Definetly, and I wouldn't have a problem with it if it could pen 1 tear higher when it actually shoots them on the ass. Really I've reduced myself on that tank into terrorising arty.
Sadly what the top voted guy says would be true if this was a nother dev. Blizz will stop updating the game frequently since there is now more esports and with no esports hots will slowly die out when compared to other mobas and little by little the game will dry out till it will eventually die. It's rather sad honestly, hots was a competitor at the beggining and forced some good updates on LoL when it came out, not sure about Dota.
&gt; Overall, the reason why I posted the videos was more to demonstrate that having different hitboxes for hitscan and projectiles isn't something noteworthy in the slightest! Definetly, the issue at hand is that the hitboxes for the scan seem to be merged with the projectile hitbox, if not they are awfully similar. &gt; Also, part of the reason why you may have been god with Widow is because Widow is absurdly strong for a sniper :P I mean, most TF2 players probably went "wha-a-a-a-a-at?" upon seeing Widowmaker's charge rate...and decent HP pool.... and incredible mobility... and strong assault rifle mode.... and defensive mine... You just get more shots in that way! Yeah... Widow is going to be insanely hard to balance once people actually get good at her, sniper at tf2 is already breaking the game as it is. What scares me the most on her though is the mobility and the infinite ammo. Ammo on the sniper on Tf2 is "only" 25 because it forces the sniper to relocate constantly and 9/10 the ammo boxes are on rather unsafe areas for him, now widow can just swing 24/7 from spot to spot. Mark my words unless she is nerfed she will break the game lol and well the hitbox issues make it much easier to land headshots combined with how slow people move in the game.
Where is arty when you need it?
Ah the wet noodle fights, except that vlad has a 700 dmg nuke now for some bloody reason. Seeing this made me happy cuz vlad normally just 1 shots you then heals for half his hp. God fuck that champ.
&gt; You don't appear to be shitting on OW for the sake of it in the slightest. All well-reasoned responses. Thanks I appreciate it a lot. Was mostly saying it because pointing out things that can/are issues seems to be seen a lot more as complaining now a days than anything else which is rather sad.
There is actually a way to completely remove the chat completely by just removing a line on a .txt file on LoL (same way you get AA on left click, godbless). If you're too lazy to do that then you can literally drag the chat out of screen in-game like wtf.
&gt; here are the Junkrat shenanigans Honestly it looks pretty easy with a mechanical keyboard, which I do not have so rip there (unless I change explosion to Lclick which could work out) &gt;Ah, I'm probably wayyy too bad at TF2 to actually play on a meaningful level with you. Me playing TF2 mostly goes something like: a) fuck around as demoknight b) die to random sentry of any size c) switch to normal demoman to blow sentry nest sky high, incidentally also helping my team d) repeat step a Sounds about right, we can fuck around in a pub if you don't feel comfortable playing a lobby. It's not like I'm going to force you to play pugs against invites :P
I'm the adc otp lol
And over here I played conker's bad fur day when I was 5. God that game was good. Then sc1 came and later quake/1.6/promod/enemy territory etc. It's so fun to look back.
Yes, pretty much.
People like to bealive they are the best, hence why they try to prove they play the hardest game. It's rather stupid and it's normally an ego inflated attitude, but what can you do? Talk down 1 of them and there will be 20 in line waiting to attempt to prove you wrong. Makes me remember low elos shit talking high elos and across games (2k mmr shit talking chall, silver/bronze shit talking 7k mmr... I've seen this more than I should).
Fuck that.
Started with a 10 year old br girl which was pretty good for her age at adc (like plat 5 iirc) and then somebody posted a 12 year old korean kid playing zed who is D4 and it went from there. In defence of the posts though, the zed was really good.
Hell I myself alone have 4 and 2 in another server. Q times have brought desperate times...
Changing accounts means different elos most of the time and as soon as you reach masters + where q times are just insanely long, up into another smruf to evade 50 min q times and autofill. I can get an acc to lvl 30 in 2-3 days, atm there is literally no reason not to smurf.
From my expirience, it doesn't change until top 50 challenger (mostly due to pros) mechanical level is international, game knowledge isn't. Also a bunch of master/challenger friends here were able to get master/challenger on NA back on s5 and maybe some on s6, haven't checked.
It's pretty wierd honestly. I too played on Na before the server move. Pretty much EU would go balls deep with a carry or die tryin mentality while NA had a mix of both, asked a bit and higher pings were normally the controlled side while low pings were more on that thought. From what I know though is that NA has kind of "weeded out" the die tryin mentality and the calculated thinking has become king. Overall both were rather equal on mechanics imo, you just tended to see them more on EU (with full out fights) which gave the impression of them being better I guess. Now diamond in both servers are fucking infested with both do idk there, mostly talking about high masters+
The meta adc that not even adc mains play
I would take it as an exaggeration if it wasn't for the insane amount of people (I'm on the high end of where I live) that have done this with phones, cars, consoles, computers, tvs... You catch my drift.
&gt; overall people tend to treat others with more respect in 1v1s. IdrA? Now on the gg ez subject, it's never a joke unless between friends, always bad manners and it's distasteful. Would never pick up anybody for a team who has said that at any level; just shows immaturity and unwillingness to grow up. I may be sounding extreme, but I'm saying this with years of seeing this.
I normally don't really care about this.... YO WHERE THE FUCK IS THE PICTURE?
Thanks, now to looking at it agian once or twice then forgetting about it. You've done a great service.
In times of war every hole is a trench.
That's the kamikaze. Like you just want the get the point across and be done with it.
Thanks my man &lt;3
Now I want to know if OW has any special benefits on pc bangs. Anyway I'm happy about this, might get riot's head out of their ass... Who am I kidding sigh.
Eyyy thanks for the shout-out. Also forgot to add to my OP that most of the mechanics we've had on the legendary fps games have actually been fucking bugs. Quake's double jump, wall run, bhop, telehop etc are full bugs. ... Also that nswf... Why does widowmaker fit most of my fetishes this is absurd...
&gt; Hell, even rocket jumping was basically a completely unintended consequence. The devs of earlier FPS's were like "people do WHAT with rockets? They blow themselves up intentionally?" AND IT'S SO GOOD I LOVE ROCKETJUMPING HOLY SHIT. Urban Terror was also really good. &gt; Overbutt is the culmination of years of waifu research, MoonDawg. That is the dirtiest thing about it. Overwatch will probably die within five years, but the r34 smut produced by its players will last for centuries. I hope like fuck, I really don't care about anybody else but dva and widowmaker. Like legit the research they did there was insane. &gt; You know, maybe the reason why Dota outputs so little smut relative to other games is because Dota is intense and addicting enough that players have no time to draw...unless they got ulted by Necro after they bought back. Then they have time to get an art degree. Honestly I really don't know. You would think Dota would have much more smut than it has now, but to no avail I guess.
So... I'm still a peasant in your eyes? Huh
&gt; on those maps attack spends 20% of the time on point A and 80% on point B. This sounds like gravelpit on comp. 95% of the time on B and then roflstomp c lol. &gt; Oh no it could, it would just be horribly imbalanced. The maps need a ton of work first anyways, I wouldn't mind throwing in a 5 cp just for funsies. Then you go against 3 meis on the last point some roadhogs and a monkey and widow somewhere. yeah... Also i can't buy this game holy shit buying blizz games here is hard af...
Tf2 hasn't been able to manage it because Valve has been balancing for pubs. Just recently have they started to balance for comp and it's actually doing quite well.
Wait I'm not up to date on the sandbox, but if you are calling shit then I'm heavily worried. Please inform me, as painful as it is...
That would be crossfire. Like come on that game literally has an ak with the recoil of an m4, 8 extra bullets, full wallbang, 1 hit kill melee, lower bullet disperety while bursting, more damage than the normal ak shoots faster... god list goes on and the soft stats. I miss that game dearly though, was a really nice mix of CS and Cod before the p2w shit was allowed into comp, after that everybody with decency just left.
a fucking emblem, AYYLMAO HAHAHAHA. Being serious this will help identify good players vs bad players, but goddamn this is fucking hilarious.
Killing a mercy with a full team is harder than killing a medic with a full team on 6s on tf2. You're tactic will never work against mid to high tier unless they really shit the bed. Also the pink away is needed to make space. Mercy at the moment is absolutely broken and I have no fucking idea how they will fix her and widow. Next in line would likely be tracer since she has the scout syndrome.
Yeah it's not like she has the ability to chose when she wants and doesn't want to fight without mentioning the panic button. Also you cunt you didn't even say no to the steam add :(
Over here is disabled from 6 am to 8 am. It's not really a big problem and has stopped friends from not sleeping at all so it has its upsides.
Diablo on released surpassed LoL by like 40+% lol. Anyways LoL is back to number 1 now apparently.
Makes me remember a game I had a week or so ago. [is-3 op](http://puu.sh/pm7Qi/11e5dd1de2.jpg) - [2](http://puu.sh/pm7RU/f827751267.jpg)
In war every hole is a trench. I feel so bad for saying this taking in count the context...
I think it's illegal but I wish it wasn't... The amount of times I've thought a tank wasn't looking my way, but it was actually looking is fucking absurd.
&gt; the heavy line is rough from 6-8 I personally hate bad tanks at 6-8, they feel like they take fucking ages. Worst though is obviously tier 9. Anyways from what I know british tanks are just really consistent, they kind of pull through everything you throw at them. Guess they are the jack of all trades master of none of WoT?
[I gotchu fam](http://giphy.com/gifs/vs-twitter-generation-R6bDgXEXCLcIw)
I would recomend Maus if you're into history. Bassicly tells the tale of a ww2 survivor on a comic book style while also being a novel and the story is pretty detailed and fun to read. Thing sparked my interest for history when I was on 5th grade.
You can do that too here, never saw it as a bad sign honestly. It's just kind of there and most people ignore it.
It's a SJW and also Notch is the king of trolls. Really what did you expect out of this.
M8 even panth has animation canceling, kha can do double jumps and shit. Hell even walking and spamming clicks really fast breaks cast times on some abilities (This is not that useful since s2).
Dude, the fuck are you saying. Animation canceling on cait has been in here since she came out and e-w has always been more useful after some items.
Also if they step on a trap you get full Q dmg.
It depends on where you live I guess. I've normally seen it on the main citys while the side citys tend to not have it I guess.
44% here. Hated that fucking autoloader and I'm having the time of my life in the chaffee with a 56% on 100 games I bealive.
It is sluggish when compared to the old one but still really fun to play. I'm not sure why they don't buff the lights though since they were nerfed with the physics update, sigh...
Hey, Chavo del ocho!
I think you could of bought all the champs with that lol.
Doesn't amaze me, Link used to play Dota before LoL. Now I don't think he's going to be really good though, but maybe middle of the pack. He really wasn't good at LoL and had heavy tilting and choking issues which is what makes me think that.
The guy is too nice for heartless. like wtf.
It's fun watching shit drop hard, right? Also if you're good at predicting the market, it's holly good to watch things climb :). Hell one of the more tipical are when games are on sale, but I'll let you figure how to make profit on there alone since it's part of the fun.
He was middle pack back when everybody sucked hard. He's chocking was fucking insane though. Also the donezo manifesto showed how immature he is, I would be surprised if any serious team picks him up after that one.
Quality use of sandbox 10/10
HOLY SHIT HOW DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER THAT? WAT AND HOW DID YOU EVEN FIND IT THAT FAST? No but seriously, fuck Janna.
It is though. There is an abundance of burst on LoL at the moment, anymore would make it fucking unbearable.
Blitz, ali, bard and zyra would be the ones you should look at. Blitz 1 hook can end the game, Ali's early combo is atleast 1/4 of the hp of a squishhy until lvl 8-9, bard has an insane lane phase with a gigantic roam potential and ulti if used well just straight up can win a game. Zyra is the outlier that she just has too much damage at the moment and it's not wierd to see her doing more damage than both carrys. Also most stuns are long enough to just straight up kill somebody with no cc chain, what were you doing that they didn't last long enough o.o?
Don't go thunders in ali. Ali's job is to be a mini malphite ult and as soon as you get 6 diving and being insanely aggro. The champion even when blatantly op had a really low winrate, the combo is easy, but he's full-on map awarness and knowing your limits. So yeah go tanky with the guy, most I've seen is 0-12-18.
That was fucking hilarious, but why were there so many helms? Just fucking around cuz of 100 mins?
Build a wall... Now being serious that is actually really interesting.
The loud minority I guess. For the riot employees I've met on lans and shit have been pretty awesome people for the most part. Also their artist are really chill. There is a reason I hate the balance team and decision making (forgot the name) team for Riot. The rest is honestly pretty good.
Uh... 1k on tf2... In my defense I made around 7k when I was into trading. Now just into comp. Godbless me cashing out before the economy crash.
I'm just here with my unusual buto genuine original (ks) and some other shit for my soli. Used to be a high level soli player, but have stopped playing comp for the most part. Now I just chill at D1+ on LoL... What has my life come to...
16 over here (m) and I'm on the same situation. It's rather sad honestly, and people fail to realize I'd rather spend my time learning than grabbing the easy chicks at the party. Hell if I wasn't an introvert I wouldn't be able to speak English :P Also I guess it's my different views on sex/hooking up that stop me to stop me for the most part. If I do anything intimate I would much rather have it be with a partner that I know that appreciates? (I'm missing a word here) me than just a random girl. Oh well.
&gt; We broke up years and years ago but remained friends. Right here is likely the best way you can tell you made the right decision regarding to this in my opinion. Lucky you! Also thanks for the consolation :P
I wouldn't say it's as popular for LoL players as it is for CSGO players. Atleast over here my friendslist on LoL has stabilized to 100 online again from the initial deep of when ow came out while the csgo side is still lacking quite a bit.
He has raged on every meta game I can think of. Ranging from osu, to the f2p fps on kr which I can't remember, to csgo, to LoL and other shit. The guy is known for raging like this.
And I'm over here still grinding like a fucking idiot. God I love the game, but it's a fucking drug.
When you can't live without it and if put away can only think about it and hell even suffer withdrawal.
Dude I'm sorry to break it to you, but same thing is going to happen with OW when you get into it. It's just the nature of competitive anything works. If you get into it, it will more than likely stop being fun, but if you enjoy the challenging yourself it's much more rewarding. Pros say it themselves, you don't play for fun, you play to win. Same thing is going to happen to OW as soon as the game gets a bit competitivea and it's likely going to be even more frustrating taking in count the glaring issues the game has.
Do people actually use this shit? damn...
I don't think the grind is bad on the tanks (some stocks should be buffed though, atleast a bit), but where the grind is unnaceptable imo is on the crew. Crew takes too fucking long to grind out even on prem tanks and it's literally a direct disadvantage that the player can do nothing about. I'm not sure why they are even here...
&gt; I'm not entirely certain though that Valve will lift the SGMA requirement though. They honestly have to. Cellphones are a thing yes, but still the majority of people don't have them. I don't mind something like what they did with csgo, but it's still rather stupid to only be able to play if you have one.
&gt; I actually find fun from the game without the competitive aspect. And when did I say you can't? &gt; I play that game and don't feel like shit because of a loss. This is because you don't care about the game at the moment and you are just playing it casually, which there is nothing wrong with, but to quote something I said on my first comment: &gt; same thing is going to happen with OW when you get into it. Bassicly as soon as you start actually caring about the game, same thing is going to happen. Again it's the nature of competitive anything.
&gt; They want you to spend RP on the champion or IP boosts. Faster grind removes some incentive for more casual players to spend money on RP This is an argument that I've seen thrown out a lot of times and I still fail to understand it. Even though they want you to buy RP, having this insanely long grind if anything likely makes more people go away than makes people buy RP. It's counter productive if you ask me. Like legit, for every guy that I've seen buy an IP´boost, I've easiely seen 6-7 that have quit due to the grind, and I'm not exagerating here. &gt; hey only infringe on that marketing philosophy when they're baiting you into desired consumer behavior, e.g. extra IP for queueing with friends to build social pressure to play the game, first win of the day to make playing a daily habit Been saying the same thing, there really is nothing for me to say here. &gt; and (potentially) rewards for playing support/least desired role in meta if support ever changes to help with queue times/autofill This should of been here since day 1 imo. Just like they did on WoW iirc. I don't see the bad part in there honestly.
&gt; "BUT MUH TOPTIER VLAD GET'S BANNED NOW ALL THE TIME, I CAN'T PLAY THE GAME ANYMORE BIBLETHUMP" Idk dude I'm on the elo where it goes a bit like this. "vlad went through ok cya guys in 20 mins"
Then your team gets 2 op and you trade ops for ops. This is exactly what happens in comp for the most part. Also ops shouldn't even be a part of the argument since the number depends too heavily by patch
Somebody shitted on rito at the comment section holy shit. Or as to quote somebody from the forums. &gt; aw shit someone just smited riot
From the sound of the video imo it's not him not enjoying league, but the stress from his irl situation taking over him and transmitting into LoL. This would likely happen on any other game if he was to make it his main.
Honestly if you guys have the heart (or wallet) for it feel free to donate to stone at patreon. Normally would never recommend this, but the guy truly deserves it and we can see he needs help now more than ever. Hope it all turns out ok for him...
&gt; In korea?they get fucked by overwatch. Last time I checked LoL is back to #1 in korea by a large margin. If anything changed due to the launch of ranked mode though idk. Honestly I'm amazed OW didn't pass LoL for more. Hell when diablo 3 came out they passed LoL for like 30%.
&gt; I was going to try to play till I got my rank, but dropped it down because high queue time (10min+) and unfair matches (low level vs 2k win player lul). &gt; Oh and support is boring there :x This is mostly smurf catcher in the works. Most normal game spammers are shit so it doesn't amaze me you were around the same normal mmr as them. Really you literally had problems finding people because you were playing better than the avg new player, that's it.
^ pretty much I haven't seen a garen main on high elo for atleast 1-2 years now excluding when he was first reworked.
