You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
Why did you eat dog treats?
Well there was Napoleon. He's the reason the sphinx doesn't have a nose; his troops used it for target practice.
In Jeepers Creepers the main protagonist gets captured by the monster, which ends up skinning him, eating his eyes, and not being defeated in any way. In the second movie the main protagonists kind of win because they survive long enough for the creature to enter a hibernation state. It only awakens for 23 days every 23 years, so the protagonists "win" by surviving until the end of the 23 days.
If you're a handyman and work on roofs you could say you're on the office and it would be just fine. :3
Technically it's a cape buffalo. Check the url, it's a cape buffalo from the Denver Zoo. :P
The ones I've seen, yes.
Nor do we in much of Southern California. Places up in the mountains like Big Bear get snow, but none of the areas at lower altitudes do.
That's how I as an American feel when talking to people from Canada.
That's happened to me. A few months ago I was walking home from class (living about 1 mile from your college makes for easy commuting), and someone stopped to ask the closest way to one of the nearby freeways. I've lived in this area for over 12 years but I still haven't bothered to memorize the names of most of the streets or the numbers of the freeways. The best I could do was point in the general direction; I couldn't really give any specific directions.
We don't get fireflies here in California ;~;
Fast food places tend to have where when you order a drink they just give you the empty cup. Off to the side there will be a machine that pours ice and soda so you can fill the cup yourself. A common scam is to ask for free water so you get a cup and then refill it with soda when you're done with the water.
Honestly I've often felt that I would love to move to Canada because it looks so nice and peaceful.
There are a lot of places like this and Beijing that I hear about and just can't help wondering how much longer it's going to be before the air gets to the point where they just become uninhabitable to human beings.
Plus they solve the classic conundrum: How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
I want you to go kill people's PCs.
*stands in front of mirror* PlazaOne, PlazaOne, PlazaOne
Fun fact: Vagina is Latin for Sheath.
Well, at least River Monsters is catch and release and does teach about the species of fish featured, but I definitely see your point. What really gets me is when they have shows about people whose job is to go out and round up wild animals; they used to be about teaching people how wonderful these animals are, but now they're teaching us that animals are expendable and should be used as points in a competition. It's not as bad as Deadliest Catch, but is still ridiculous to have on Animal Planet.
She speaks for the trees.
He's gotta hate it when he has to wait for things done in alphabetical order.
Maybe he'll grow up to be the Spurgeon general.
Note to self: Whenever visiting Cancun, bring a Mexican friend and have them make all of my purchases for me.
The sad thing about that one is it's based on such a simple word to spell, rotate. They couldn't find a less confusing name for something designed to rotate food?
I'm 23 and never learned how to ride a bike. I've driven cars but have never successfully ridden a bike.
Under what circumstances did you learn of this infernal device's existence?
They even had a very well made system of workers' compensation. If a member of the crew was injured they'd be given financial compensation in the form of coins known as pieces of eight. Not sure how valuable pieces of eight were, but the amount people would be given varied based on the severity of their injuries. For example, losing a leg would get you more pieces of eight than losing an eye.
I thought it was the third movie.
How valuable was the whole eight?
It taught me that licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
I usually remain barefoot at my own house, but I don't leave my shoes by the door. I keep my shoes next to the desk in my bedroom, which is the farthest room in the house from the front door.
You know what's even more classless? Stepping in dirt, feces, and other debris in the first place. Also, we have a wonderful invention known as a welcome mat, which exists solely for the purpose of wiping the bottoms of our shoes so we don't track anything into the house.
You're the second person I've seen here talking about how people who wear shoes in the house track feces inside. Who do you know that is so inattentive to where they're walking that they regularly step in feces of any kind? Even if someone does step in feces, their first reaction will usually be to remove the shoe and attempt to wipe it off on the nearest tree or wash it in a fountain, whatever is most immediately available.
What is a lift? Is that the UK name for an elevator? As an American, the only use of the word lift in my vocabulary is the verb for picking something up, not any sort of device for picking things up.
Americans don't like tea, we like beer. Sometimes coffee, but mostly beer.
"Hey! That continent ran right out in front of me!"
I think the funniest thing about this guy's argument is that one of the links actually has "gender-wage-gap-myth" in the url itself. The operative word here is "myth." I'd say that pretty much confirms that (s)he did not read the actual links before assuming they were going to help his/her case.
Before you try to use links to support your case, make sure the links actually do support it.
I first saw the whole blue-red blood depiction on the Magic School Bus. They were showing how the heart worked and showed that the red blood cells were blue before being oxygenated. Even when I saw that as a little kid I immediately assumed that they had just done that for the sake of the viewers. I was like 5 and I was able to recognize that this depiction of the process was altered for simplicity for the young viewers.
Sounds like a neat twist on Teddy Roosevelt's "big stick diplomacy." Speak softly, and carry a gun.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
A shotgun wedding may be terrifying, but it's got nothing on a shotgun divorce.
I find his candidacy very amusing, but I do look forward to seeing him go down in flames.
I'm not like some PETA nut, but I find this argument really messed up because it's basically saying animals are expendable. Just because they aren't humans doesn't mean it's okay to make a big public spectacle of taunting and then killing them.
Actually, there is such a thing as low-high metabolism. It's what causes the variation between the three main body types. People with low metabolisms are endomorphs, meaning they put on weight easily. People with high metabolisms are ectomorphs, meaning they burn weight quickly. People in the middle are mesomorphs. That's not to say someone who is genetically an ectomorph can't become obese or that an endomorph is doomed to be a 300 lb blob, just that some people are more genetically inclined to gain or lose weight than others.
Religion is like a penis: It's fine to have one, it's fine to be proud of it, but don't go waving it around in public and PLEASE don't try to force it down our children's throats.
Oh, alright. I wasn't sure since I knew Hawaii was admitted (though admitted is whitewashing it a bit; forced would be more accurate) into the union at some point in the mid-20th century.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I see nothing wrong with calling a fat person beautiful, as long as you're not saying it's healthy to be obese. A spare tire is nothing to be ashamed of. A tractor tire on the other hand...
About 10 years ago I remember hearing that Arnold Schwarzenegger was technically obese based on the BMI scale. Muscle is denser and heavier than fat, so being extremely muscular can lead to being designated obese by the BMI. This is why a lot of people I've talked to on the subject agree that the BMI scale is garbage. It takes any variation in weight and assumes it must be a result of having a differing quantity of body fat. It has no way of separating factors like bone density or muscle mass.
I tend to lean toward the left, but I like to base my political views on what is actually best for humanity, not what my party says I should think. My favorite historical quote is one by Winston Churchill on the subject of party differences: (may not be verbatim) "If you show me a young conservative I'll show you someone with no heart; if you show me an old liberal I'll show you someone with no brain"
When you said you were talking to the dishwasher I thought you meant the appliance. I was very confused XD
Keep in mind that a "not guilty" verdict won't prevent you from being demonized. The first example that comes to mind is O.J., and more recently there was Casey Anthony. I wasn't around for the O.J. thing (don't remember if it was the 80s or 90s, but depending which it was I was either not born yet or too young to notice), so I don't know all the details about why everyone is so certain that he's guilty despite the verdict. ~~Casey Anthony on the other hand is a monster who was let off the hook for murder.~~
Don't you mean persecuted? If it's being done because of his ethnicity as they claim then it's more a matter of persecution than prosecution.
Spanking is something that should only be used as an absolute last resort, when the child has made it clear that no other form of punishment will stop them from repeating whatever action they had done.
Granted, Casey Anthony wasn't a celebrity like OJ, but her case did become pretty high profile. I still remember the day of the verdict; in the morning everyone was agreeing that she was clearly guilty, so we were all shocked to hear that she was found not guilty.
NASCAR will be very awkward when all cars are self-driving...
Yeah, like act as a getaway driver when you're trying to get away from the cops.
Petting a cat. Bad kitty, down! D:
Yeah and their intention was for us to be allowed to carry these arms in cases where they were needed to help defend our country, but because of the wording the meaning has shifted from its original intention, at least in the public eye. That's why there's so much controversy about the 2nd amendment, because its wording doesn't clearly state its original intention and it's therefore easy for gun nuts to misuse it.
Even cold arctic waters aren't safe from sharks. Allow me to introduce you to the [sleeper shark](http://6336-presscdn-26-82.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/greenland-shark.jpg) or the Greenland shark, as it's also known. Their jaw is unlike any other shark, with pointed top teeth and slanted bottom teeth. They use the top teeth to anchor into the prey's flesh, then use the slanted lower teeth to shear open the prey's hide like a can opener. Because they're slow and blind they were long thought to be strictly scavengers, but in recent years they've been found hunting live seals.
According to Investigation Discovery, female-on-male domestic violence is just as common as male-on-female domestic violence. People don't realize this because men don't report it as often because their pride prevents them and because law enforcement often doesn't believe the men who do report it because "there's no way a woman would do that."
And some fraction of a moob.
Don't we also share like 70% of our DNA with mosquitoes? And over 60% with bananas? From what I've heard most if not all lifeforms on earth share over half of their DNA with every other species. That may have been an exaggeration though; I don't remember where I heard it.
On top of that, a vast majority of vertebrates share the common blueprint of having 2 front limbs and 2 hind limbs, whether they're legs, arms, or wings. The main exceptions I can think of are marine animals and snakes. Even then a lot of them (not fish) will have vestigial bones from ancestors who had 4 limbs.
How can you tell? 2048 hasn't happened yet :P
Oh, wasn't aware of that one.
Found Jesus!
Sure, nobody bats an eyelash when China makes a giant wall to keep out their brutal neighbors, but when the US talks about doing it suddenly we're evil and racist...
Quoth the raven, "Nevermore."
Technically he's not from Private Drive, he's from Godrick's Hollow (may have misspelled that, but meh). He was just raised at Private Drive.
A lethal dose of table salt can fit inside of a single salt shaker. Kinda spoils the fun of the old "loosen the cap in a fast food place" prank when you know the results are potentially fatal...
Disney did, it's called "Flash, the Teenage Otter"
Their main merchandise would be the Tickle-Me Emo.
Topical cream?
Step 1: Remove cat from computer. Step 2: Remove cat from computer. Step 3: Remove cat from computer. Step 4: Just give it up already.
Carface is also the villain in All Dogs Go to Heaven.
I read that as "a more genital version" XD
It would be better than the actual Tron: Legacy. That movie was an embarrassment to the original.
That sounds adorable.
Gesundheit.
Pretty sure salamanders are amphibians, but I may be thinking of newts.
Apple seeds also contain trace amounts of either arsenic or cyanide (I don't recall which one).
Also, the idea that it's bad for adults to spend a lot of time playing video games unless it's online poker or something. Why shouldn't a man in his 50s enjoy playing Pokemon or Super Smash Brothers? A wonderful thing about video games as opposed to TV, movies, and books is that it's not the same story every time; you get to decide how the action sequences are played out and what strategies the protagonist uses to get through the obstacles they encounter.
Technically the Earth isn't a sphere. It's round, but not perfectly spherical; it s radius isn't the same at every part of the globe.
Reminds me of a messed up joke I once heard: "Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they"
At first I thought you said the first thing he knows how to make is Doggy Chow.
You buy panties for your son? 0_o
She thought she was too important to do laundry but not too good to sleep surrounded by dirty clothes? If she never intended to wear them anymore, why didn't she just throw them out or (God willing) give them away?
I've been a penny picker-upper since elementary school; I have little upper body strength but make up for it by having very powerful legs.
Cinderella: "Well **excuse** me"
I use flash for online gaming and watching Youtube. I can't find any free alternatives that could be used to replace it.
There is. One of Dante's circles of Hell is especially for priests who sold indulgences, which were hand-written letters supposedly forgiving your sins on God's behalf. The people in this circle of Hell were buried upside down in the sand with only their feet sticking out of the ground, and their feet were on fire. It was meant to represent a direct reversal of baptism.
The funny thing is that unless you're referring to John Wayne Gacy that wasn't his real name. The actor known as John Wayne was actually named Marion Mitchell Morrison. He used the stage name John Wayne, probably because it would be hard for a cowboy named Marion to be taken seriously.
I need to start buying a different brand of chocolate milk mix 0_o.
Ever notice how creditor rhymes with predator?
That may be true for a bachelor's degree, but one thing I learned in one of my first economics classes is that you shouldn't bother getting a master's or doctorate for the sake of salary. The increase in salary from bachelor's to master's isn't worth the extra effort, nor is the increase from master's to doctorate. Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine.
"In case of emergency, use hammer to break glass. Break glass to get hammer"
Actually it was a silver color; it looked like it was made out of some kind of metal foil.
Was anybody buying it when she was acting out at Thanksgiving, or did they all know she was faking it?
Who?
Don't forget "If you don't like/share to show your support you are a horrible person"
Tell that to Indiana Jones.
I prefer the moving fortress type of character myself; they're super slow and lumbering but have so much sheer bulk that everything you throw at them just bounces right off.
Amazing how you could get your master's degree when you don't know how to read. I specifically stated in the last sentence of my post "Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine."
He tried using whiskey but it ended up blowing off part of the underside of the vehicle because it was apparently too strong.
I thought the problem was that it was too effective and the car couldn't handle it. Guess the Delorean was a lightweight.
But the Delorean had only been buried for a few months, maybe a year. Would it have gone bad in that amount of time? Sorry if this is a stupid question; I'm not too car savvy.
Whenever I hear the name Notre Dame I picture Quasimodo.
I read it as Bernie Mastiff.
The inventor of the lie detector lived to regret it, even going so far as to call it a "Frankenstein's monster." Source: Adam Ruins Everything
So, if earwigs crawl into your ears does that mean cockroaches crawl into your...?
It's the largest creature to ever take flight (that we know of). It's one of the creatures that would be epic to see in a Jurassic Park movie but would be extremely hard to really justify them having in the park. They have colossal creatures, they have flying creatures, but to keep a flying creature that immense (giving it enough room to fly comfortably) would require a bird cage that would take up a very large chunk of the island.
Your pants would have pockets so tight that it's impossible to take anything out or put anything in without standing up.
Chairman Drek from the original Ratchet and Clank. Also, Sephiroth (in the Kingdom Hearts games; I've never played the Final Fantasy games)
I never had a hard time beating her. Just use her own strength against her by countering Rollout with Rage.
That's nothing. In Sapphire version I had an epic win against Norman. His first Slaking and Vigoroth took a lot out of Swampert, and his second Slaking finished it off, along with everyone else in my team except my level 13 Shroomish. Slaking was level 31, had just wiped out 5 of my team members, and still had almost full health, so I was sure I was doomed. I ended up using Leech Seed when he was loafing around, and managed to avoid letting him use any moves (he seemed to be out of everything but Focus Punch, which of course I was able to easily prevent by using Absorb and Bullet Seed). Norman even used a Hyper Potion, but I was still able to keep hitting again and again while avoiding all of his moves until I finished him off. Shroomish grew 3 levels as a result.
Rollout is a Rock-type move, so Gastly wouldn't be immune to it anyway.
Ah yes, Sin Harvest, Sephiroth's ultimate move. Here's the scary part: It's not a 1HP 0 MP move; it's a 100% kill move. The only reason you always survived with 1 HP left was because of a skill gained from one of the boss battles (heck if I remember which one). That's what I've heard at least.
I never lost to Xigbar, but I got very close. The first time I played through KH2 I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode (I forget if it's mode or form) against him; that was when I unlocked Final Mode. The second time I played through I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode against him; I turned into Anti Mode. I barely survived long enough for it to wear out so I could heal. The only members of Organization XIII who gave me any trouble were Demyx and Xemnas.
You forgot Luxord.
I once defeated the Phantom at the point where both Peter Pan and Donald were gone and Sora's death countdown was down to 1.
Ditto, except I was 13.
Xaldin was a total pushover for me. I've never understood why everyone thinks he's so tough.
I'd say Cyndaquil is easy mode for Johto. Cyndaquil is super effective against 3 of the gym leaders (Bugsy, Jasmine, and the ice guy). Totodile and Chikorita are super effective against 0 of the Johto gym leaders. Gym 1: Chikorita has a disadvantage, nobody has an advantage Gym 2: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile is neutral, Chikorita has a disadvantage Gym 3: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage except Cyndaquil's weakness to Rollout Gym 4: nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage Gym 5: Nobody has an advantage or a disadvantage Gym 6: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Chikorita has an offensive disadvantage (since its moves aren't very effective), and Totodile is neutral Gym 7: Cyndaquil has an advantage, Totodile has a defensive advantage, and Chikorita has a disadvantage Gym 8: Everybody has offensive disadvantages In short, Cyndaquil is easy mode; Chikorita is for badass trainers.
Demyx was the tough one for me. Xigbar wasn't too big of a problem for me.
It's just so cliche to default for the Fire-type. Just because fire is often portrayed as a mighty force of destruction doesn't mean it's inherently better than the alternatives. Think of how badass the Water and Grass starters have been in the past: Blastoise, Feraligatr, Sceptile, Torterra, Samurott, Chesnaught and Greninja are all awesome in concept if not in actual stats (I don't worry about EVs and all that stuff; it overcomplicates things and makes the game less fun for me).
A honey badger is more badass than an alligator?
Sadly I must agree. Meganium has basically no variety when it comes to what types of moves it can learn, even now when we've moved all the way up to gen 6. It learns almost no moves that have much power and aren't either Grass or Normal-type. Now, if you use it for defense it could be useful, but it's got very little to work with in terms of attack power.
Makes me appreciate Unova more. The first gym had 3 leaders, and the one you face was the one who was super effective against your starter. The second gym was Normal-type. They didn't give any starter special treatment until they hit gym 3 with the Bug-types.
Actually no it doesn't. This is a case of a 1-way type advantage. Ice does a lot of damage to Grass, but Grass isn't super ineffective against Ice. It's like how Rock and Ground attacks do normal damage against Water-types even though Water attacks are super effective against both of them.
You're never too old for Pokemon. If you find something entertaining, why should you care if you're not in the target demographic? The idea that you can be too old for some kind of program/media is purely a social construct, and if you accept that fact you'll discover all sorts of awesome things that you had never even considered trying before.
I remember when Pokemon was first starting out. I was in Kindergarten when it came to the US, and watched until shortly after the Kanto League. Then, my brother's friend told us that Digimon was way better so we abandoned all our Pokemon stuff (burned our cards, destroyed the 2 VHSs we owned, etc) and got into Digimon. Only a few years later when they were halfway though Johto did it occur to us that we could be fans of Digimon AND Pokemon at the same time. We promptly got back into it and I've been hooked ever since. My brother just has a passive interest in it.
I usually have 1 or 2 Pokemon on my team as tanks, but have the rest of my team use various alternate strategies. As I explained to someone else in another comment, in my first run on Sapphire my level 13 Shroomish ended up saving me from Norman's last Slaking after it had defeated my other 5 team members. I just managed to figure out the best pattern to exploit, using Leech Seed when Slaking was loafing around and using Absorb and Bullet Seed every turn after that so he couldn't use Focus Punch. A level 13 basic Pokemon beating a level 31 fully evolved Pokemon; it was a good day for me.
How exactly did everybody find out about this?
I never cared for American Idol; what I'm sad about is Mythbusters ending.
That's what pisses me off about horror movies. If they start with a group of X number of men and Y number of women and any of them are still alive at the end at least one survivor will be female. They never have where the lone survivor is male but they have no problem having the lone survivor be female; the only way a male character is going to survive is if a female one does as well.
Admittedly part of what I'm worried about is the Curse of Lauren Faust. Apparently, every show ever developed by Lauren Faust has ended up lasting exactly 6 seasons. At least that's what I've heard.
What's a priest's favorite form of TV? Pray per view.
That is another concern of mine. They've changed the dynamic so much it barely feels like the same show I fell in love with back in season 1. They just can't seem to pick a plot and stick with it: Season 1: Twilight learning about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about her findings. Season 2-3: Everypony learning lessons about friendship and writing letters to Celestia about them. Season 4: The mane six keeping a journal of their experiences. Season 5: The map sending them to solve various friendship problems. What really bugs me about this is they seem oblivious to the fact that just because a new plot element is introduced does not mean you have to/should forget the previous one ever existed. Why did they completely stop writing to Celestia when Twilight became a princess? Why did they abandon the journal when they found the map? Why not continue using the old plot elements while adding the new ones?
I only know that because of an episode of The Magic School Bus. Funny how facts you learn from cartoons stick with you better than ones you learn in the classroom.
Sombra didn't give up; he was blasted to oblivion.
People who buy into diet fads. "Ew, you got the normal brand? It's not gluten free" "Yeah, because I don't have Celiac disease"
I hate both of them. I've always hated dark colored sodas, from root beer to Dr. Pepper to Coke. However, I'm a big fan of lemon lime sodas, with few exceptions.
Here's the problem with the gluten free thing: It was good at first as a way for people who really are gluten sensitive to get more varieties of food options, but then a bunch of people who are not gluten sensitive started seeing foods being advertised as gluten free and assumed it meant that gluten was a bad thing. Gluten is found in wheat, which is literally the first thing human beings ever cultivated for food. If gluten was some horrible thing that everyone needs to avoid we would have figured that out several thousand years ago.
Now THAT is what I call parenting. Not being downright abusive, but also not constantly acting like your kids are precious snowflakes who could never do anything wrong.
I think you just found a great piece for the next "What's the most pretentious thing you've ever heard?" thread that comes up. There was one a few days ago, so the next one will probably be in a day or two.
Fortune cookies, attributed to China but invented in California.
Elmer season!
This is part of why I hate the fact that I was born and raised in the US. Everything is served in immense portions. I know very well that human beings can and do survive on much smaller diets than I do, but if I tried to cut down to a healthy diet I'd feel like I'm starving to death because my body has grown and adapted to such a high calorie diet. It would inevitably readjust to the new low calorie diet, but the transition would be miserable.
Sounds like you're bragging to your buddies. "I rock, dude!"
Reminds me of an episode of Robot Chicken. They did a quick gag based on the Peanuts. (I don't know many of their names) Girl 1: I love geography day! I got Italy. Girl 2: I got Russia. Charlie Brown: I got Iraq...
Sounds more like a voodoo curse to me.
I can't read this out loud without sounding like a caveman.
Fuggeddaboutit.
I'm American and I've always heard it pronounced "care-um-el." I've only seen it pronounced "Car-mul" on TV. Of course, however you pronounce it, I still hate it.
That's the name of one of the aliens in Ben 10. [this one](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/ben10/images/d/d3/UltimateAlienChamAlien.png/revision/latest?cb=20140722161213)
He can't use magic? Or he's full of coffee?
That's a bit of an extreme slippery slope assumption to make. There's a big difference between making a kid sit out 2 activities (which means they didn't even have to sit out all of the activities) for saying an impolite word and suspending a kid for being beaten up. Punishing a kid who gets bullied is blatant victim-blaming; punishing a kid for doing something they didn't know they weren't supposed to do is teaching them that they shouldn't do it.
Wow, such a xenophobic generalization really isn't helping your case. You're EXACTLY the one who's going to assist in the creation of miscreants because you promote letting kids do whatever impolite things they want without punishing them for anything. That kind of enabling behavior makes kids think they can do whatever they want without consequence, which leads to them growing up to be pretentious snobs with a sense of entitlement that makes Narcissus look positively altruistic.
Now, I'm normally on the side of "spare the rod, spoil the child," but this is one case where the teacher was horribly failing to deliver adequate discipline. Discipline is supposed to teach kids not to do bad things, but if you don't tell them what the bad thing was in the first place they won't know to avoid doing it again. This is a case where disciplining a child really isn't teaching them anything but to hate authority.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, and the sooner kids learn that the better.
We have birds known as boobies and great tits, so I wouldn't put it past ornithologists to name a species of bird dildo.
When we first moved into our current house we lost a cat to coyotes, so now we don't let our cats out at night. We had an outdoor cat for over a decade (she died recently) and even then we made sure to bring her into the atrium at night.
6 form? Great, now there's another term for school systems outside the US that I didn't know about. Here we just have Elementary School, which is from Kindergarten-5th or 6th grade (different school districts set it differently), followed by Middle School in 6th or 7th-8th grade, and ending with High School from 9th-12th. I'm not counting college because that's where it gets more complicated with tuition and actual applications and all that stuff the others don't have.
Why would you need a scholarship to go to High School? I thought tuition was only for college and that everything before that was free for everyone.
I hate that they've gone back to using the old one. Yeah, make fun of dysfunctional marriages; that's always funny.
There's a big difference between sugar and gluten. Eating too much sugar can lead to various health problems, mainly weight gain. Eating too much gluten causes... nothing. One big difference is that you can't become gluten sensitive by not going easy on the gluten in your diet, whereas you can become diabetic if you don't go easy on the sugar. I'm not saying you're going to die if you ignore gluten; I'm saying going gluten free is pointless if you're not gluten sensitive. It doesn't make any difference one way or another, except that everything is more expensive.
"WHERE'S THE BEEF?!?"
You had recess in middle school? (haven't clicked "load more comments" yet, so I apologize if someone beat me to asking this)
Not trying to be the devil's advocate here, but how can they punish anyone for a fight that took place off school grounds? If it's not on school property, I would think the only people who should get involved are the parents and, if it's really bad, police. Unless you're outside of school for a field trip, the fight took place outside the principal's area of jurisdiction and, as such, I don't see how it was any of his business.
In 3rd grade I got a stern talking to at school after having a fight with a 4th grader about half a mile from school. We had been in an argument on the playground, but since we couldn't fight at school we decided to fight after school on the lawn of a church. Apparently a parent of another student was driving by and saw this, so they reported it to the school. The school claimed that it doesn't matter if we're not on school grounds; according to them we're in their jurisdiction from the time we leave for school in the morning to the time we get home. We weren't punished because the administration believed that we didn't know that, so we were let off with a warning.
What the hell? Does the school literally believe they own these students?
Isn't a seizure basically what happens when too many neurons activate at the same time? So you wouldn't even need it to go all the way to 100% to be in excruciating agony.
Why would it need to melt the steel beams? They were being struck by a freaking passenger plane; pretty sure they wouldn't need to melt to come crashing down.
Highway to Hell
Is that the one from Big Hero 6?
Really? Wow, TIL.
You ever get freaked out when you think about this story and realize just how close you came to never existing?
I'm guessing he took a leak on a famous Greek monument and pissed off Zeus.
They had bullet proof vests back then? Wow, TIL.
I didn't sleep through the whole night until I was 2.
I always leave way earlier than I need to and get where I'm going very early. I believe it's better to be an hour early than a minute late.
Sadly that's not how society works. It's not discrimination if it's against a man... We seem to have missed the point of gender equality. Equality doesn't mean we switch the roles of who's in charge and who's subservient, it means we treat everyone the same exact way.
Wait, why was there a video of it if it was in the bathroom? I didn't know bathrooms had security cameras...
Hitler ruined the swastika, the Julius Caesar salute, and the Charlie Chaplain mustache.
I think it was another one of the threads asking this question, but I'm not entirely sure.
I was expecting you to say they make you run a comb through the beard or something to prove you're not hiding a weapon in it. Makes me wonder if anyone ever has tried to smuggle a weapon in their hair or beard...
Just avoid washing your feet for a week or two; not even the TSA will want you to take your shoes off around them.
It's one thing to do that as a joke, but if someone starts to believe it they need serious psychological help. It's one thing to play make-believe, but it's another thing to block out reality and act as if this fantasy is true.
Sounds like a case of ereptile dysfunction.
You think you're hard pressed at work...
And by football I'm assuming you're referring to what we Americans call soccer?
What about the people who prayed for the team that died to win?
What was that from? I know I've heard that line before, but can't remember where.
I've been to the La Brea Tar Pits; I imagine it would be something like that XD
Why did they assign someone to operate potentially deadly machinery on his second day of his first job? Why not start out on something simple like sweeping?
I was there 4 years ago and there were no fences at all. Plenty of signs but no fences.
Close to boiling? The temp of those things is well beyond boiling, at least near the vents the water emerges from.
A few years ago I heard a news story about an old woman who woke up at her own funeral. She got so scared she had a hear attack and died.
It really pissed me off how they didn't even see Dr. Doom (in his super powered form) until there were only like 20 minutes left. Some movies can get away with waiting that long to reveal the identity of the villain, but this was not one of them (especially because all the viewers knew from the start who the villain would be).
The issue of knowing who to market to is one thing filmmakers are much better at than critics. Filmmakers know who the fans of their genres are and work to epitomize the elements those people are going to want to see; critics just tell you if THEY liked the film or not. If a critic doesn't like bathroom humor and slapstick, of course he's going to say any Jackass movie is terrible, but if you're hanging out with a group of frat guys a Jackass movie would be perfect. I've seen lots of negative reviews for awesome action packed movies I myself loved, all because they had "bad storytelling" and stuff. If I see a movie for action and explosions, I don't care much if the acting isn't perfect or the plot is a little rushed; I just care how exciting the action is and how big the explosions are.
Or the trailer gives away things that could have been seriously awesome surprises for the viewers, like Wonder Woman appearing out of nowhere in Batman v. Superman. That was an extremely unnecessary spoiler.
I remember the ads for the horror movie "The Gallows" last year. It was introducing a new slasher by the name of Charlie, and in the ad it was basically saying that Charlie was going to be the next Freddy/Jason. Outright proclaiming that a character in your movie is destined to stand alongside the most legendary examples of their character trope really seems like an act of desparation (or just foolish bravado). I once saw a documentary where they were counting down the top 13 great American slashers, and Jason and Freddy came in second and first place respectively (others on the list included Chucky, Jiggsaw, Michael Myers, and Hannibal Lectar) so specifically saying this new guy was going to be their calibur was writing a pretty hard check to cash.
Isn't there a Fruit Ninja movie in the works?
I actually prefer going into the theater not knowing what the actual plot of the movie is.
I enjoyed the second one. It's the classic villain teamup, with several of the most memorable Scooby villains together.
Which one is the one with the girl with telekinesis?
There's a reason he's called The Village Idiot...
And at the end she defeats him by using her powers to resurrect her father, whom she had accidentally drowned in that same lake by making the pier collapse with her powers when she was a child. He was the one she was trying to resurrect when she accidentally released Jason.
I always heard the rule was that if the teacher/sub was 10 minutes late the students would be allowed to leave, but sadly I was never in a position to test that claim. The teachers were always there before the 10 minute mark.
My Latin courses in high school were about 50% Latin and 50% Greek and Roman history/mythology, so maybe here they figured Spanish should be 50% language and 50% South America... but they forgot the 50% language.
She misread her contract. She apparently thought they expected her to BE English instead of TEACH English.
She probably wanted to prevent the students from getting a teacher who would corrupt them with real science lessons.
Yeah, there's not much point in having venom when your fangs are large enough to completely impale your prey.
Imagine the people who were caught by the trapdoor spiders in Eight Legged Freaks. They end up trapped in a large, enclosed pit with a giant spider wrapping them up, then sitting in the dark unable to move waiting for the spider to decide it's time to suck them dry.
Actually the tiger beetle is the fastest creature on Earth relative to its size. If one of them were scaled up to the size of a human it would be able to go over 400 mph.
Reminds me of a quote from Johnny Bravo: "Normally acupuncture takes hundreds of tiny needles, but that takes too long. Instead, I just use" *holds up a needle about as long as his arm* "one big one."
Oh please, you've got nothing on California. There's a reason the rolling stop is also called "the California stop."
I've heard there is at least one company that either has developed or is developing clothing that can actually use your body heat to charge your phone as you walk. As eco-friendly as that would be, it does seem creepy that the phones would now be literally sucking the life out of you.
Well excuse me for liking a cute and wholesome show. Not all of us sexualize ponies and stuff like that.
I'm 23 and still don't have my driver's license (haven't needed one so far) but the traffic here is such a nightmare that I'm in no hurry to get one.
I've heard a very similar joke in two of my college classes: An engineer, a chemist, and an economist are stranded on an island. A can of food washes ashore, but they don't have anything handy to open it with. The engineer says "This is easy, we just need to crush the top of the can with a rock and pour the food into a large leaf" The chemist says "Nah, we just need to let it sit in the sun until it heats up, then dip it in the water. Rapidly cooling like that will make the metal weak enough to easily open." The economist says "Well, say we have a can opener..." The professors told it better than me.
Yes.
My parents are teachers and they HATE having to pass students who didn't earn it. My mom teaches at a much nicer school than dad so for her it's not much of an issue, but there have been times when dad has had to pass students who only got like 30% in the class because the administrators literally will not allow teachers to give more than a certain number of F's per semester. It's the administrators who are trying to save face, not the teachers.
This is one of those famous 80s (I think) movies that I have somehow never seen.
What the heck is a dropbear? I've heard them mentioned countless times but nobody ever goes into detail about what exactly they are. Is it like an evil koala or something?
Yabba dabba doo!
It's not that we don't see the mess or your new haircut, it's that we don't care.
You know you're gangsta when the sorting hat puts you in Waffle House.
Starbucks: "What's your definition of coffee?"
That happened to me last time I went to get shoes at Target. They had 3 aisles full of women's shoes on both sides, but only had about a dozen pairs of men's shoes period.
Well, if you're looking for cat food I suppose a hamster will do the trick...
No, I just wanted to get a game without waiting for a delivery and without the need for a credit or debit card.
What the hell is Wawa?
"For something you no longer wish to own and don't have the patience to sell online"
But just as nutritious ;)
Since when does McDonald's taste good? Everyone in my immediate family regularly refers to it as McDogfood's.
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
We don't have Five Guys in southern California (or if we do I've yet to find one) so I've never been able to try it ;~; How do their orders of fries compare to Wienerschnitzel, where a large order of fries comes in a medium beverage cup?
Except the greeters, who were made in a laboratory.
Did she happen to take it out of your (as in the employees, not just you) pay?
Whatever happened to the time honored trick of just spitting in the drink?
"We're going to cut you open and tinker with your ticker"
Wow, the only place I'd ever heard the name Nicholas Flamel before was in the first Harry Potter book/movie; I didn't know he was from non-Harry Potter folklore 0_o
And how the dragon told her name to Eragon instead of him actually researching dragon names and choosing one for her.
I always took that as just a running gag like how they never showed Cow and Chicken's parents from the waist up or never showed adults period on Ed, Edd, and Eddy (pretty sure the Kanker sisters were the oldest members of the main cast. Eddy's brother may have been older than them, but not by much).
We saw about half of that at the beginning of a lecture in an environmental science course I took about 2 or 3 years ago.
Wasn't that movie the reason why the Dr. Seuss estate no longer allows live action adaptations of their books?
The Grand Canyon would like a word with you... The logic behind the Rock and Ground-type weakness to Water is that water corrodes rocks and carves away sediment over time, though in real life the process takes a LONG time.
They're not 8; to become a Pokemon trainer you need to be at least 10. And yet in the games you can have battles against preschoolers...
Um, the current gen is the only one where he's reached the league with a team of fully-evolved mons (not counting Pika since it's never going to evolve). Gen 1. When he got the the League he still had Squirtle, Bulbasaur, Krabby (it evolved during the league, so it counts) and Pidgeotto, 4 not fully evolved mons. Gen 2. He gets to the league with Totodile, Bayleef, Cyndaquil, and Phanpy, 4 Pokemon that weren't fully evolved. Gen 3. He has Corphish and Grovyle at the league, a basic Pokemon and a middle stage. Gen 4. He has Buizel and Gible when he reaches the league, both of which are basic Pokemon. Gen 5. He has Oshawott, Pignite, Snivy, Palpitoad, Scraggy, and Boldore when he reaches the league, so quite a fair number of mons that weren't fully evolved. Gen 6. He has Pikachu, Talonflame, Greninja, Noivern, and Hawlucha at the League. The odd thing is that's only 5. They've made some big hints that his Goodra from earlier in the region will be returning (in which case it will likely be his strongest Kalos Pokemon except maybe Greninja). With or without Goodra, that means all of his Pokemon (except Pika) are fully evolved.
I was living with this one girl for a few months until she found out I was there.
I'd rather date a girl with slightly pale skin than a girl who looks like an Oompa Loompa; that s**t just ain't natural.
I'm one of those men who thinks it's disgusting that they even have women's clothing listed as "Size 0." It's just messed up how society expects all women to be as thin as biologically possible, and the clothing industry perpetuates that by saying you're too fat just because you have enough body mass for a number on your clothing size.
As a guy I'd like to add that I don't care what a girl smells like unless she smells like she hasn't bathed in weeks. To me, smelling like yourself is just as good as smelling like whatever is in that perfume bottle.
One odd thing I've noticed is that the media doesn't give accurate depictions of what people who weigh a certain amount will look like. Mainly, they think if you're 200 lbs you will be basically spherical, unable to touch your toes and all that stuff. My weight tends to hover around 190, and all I have to show of it is a bit of a spare tire. I've been as high as 210 and have never been too large to touch my toes or anything like that.
The thing is having your bones showing against your skin is NOT healthy. In high school anatomy class we were taught that human beings did not evolve to have perfectly flat stomachs, and studies have shown that people with a bit of a gut live longer on average than thinner people. Of course it's unhealthy to be so big that you could be a body double for Jabba the Hut, but being way too skinny is also unhealthy (especially if you're a woman and ever intend to have children).
Yeah... reading....
If you do that, remember not to punt.
I wonder how they'd react to seeing me, a redhead...
Well, if I can't find a good job here in the US this might be a fun alternative...
It's all fun and games until you realize the babies were being offered as sacrifices...
So they'd take me away in an armored vehicle so they can dissect me? D:
*Baps you with a rolled up newspaper* that song was in the original An American Tale; Fievel Goes West was the (first) sequel.
In the end they had at least 4 movies in that series; I stopped watching after number 3 because my parents said I was getting too old for them and would no longer get me the videos of them. Same reason I stopped watching the Land Before Time series... :(
They occasionally show that one on the Chiller network.
A Little Princess traumatized me as a kid. The scene near the end was too much for my 8-year old self to handle (they showed it to my 2nd grade class).
This is the first one here I've literally never heard of. There are plenty on the list that I've never seen or have very faded memories of, but this one is completely new to me.
Saw this again a year ago after not seeing it for over a decade, and I was noticing a lot of things that had never occurred to me as a kid, namely: 1. Why was the scientist feeding hot dogs to herbivores? 2. Why were people who went to a circus advertised as being a horror show so easily scared by children in cheap costumes saying "Boo"? You'd think the kind of thrillseekers who would attend that kind of show would be harder to scare than that. Still a fun movie though.
A few years ago one of the states on the east coast (I think it was North Carolina, but I may be mistaken) made it illegal for the sea level to rise above a certain level (about a foot I believe). They're literally attributing divine powers to their legislators if they think they can enforce that law.
I wonder why it ended in 2002...
That's why I started by saying "I've heard that," because I wasn't sure about it myself. Just a reminder so people don't try to shoot the messenger.
All the better to smell you with.
Well, she was about to leave. Sounds to me like she was rather disgruntled.
I can guarantee if you had said yes they would have followed up by asking if you were related to Tom Sawyer, not knowing he's a fictional character.
Every time I try to join a website and the captcha contains a capital i, lowercase l, 1, o (capital or lowercase) or 0 all I can think is "fuck you too..."
They should just do what Los Angeles did and steal all the water from someplace else :P
X-Men: Days of Future Past. Reveals the lives of transexuals before and after their surgeries.
Sounds more like Kronk to me.
Queen?
SoCal?
But accurate. Let's use your same logic to define "illegal alien": They did not come here through legal means, so their presence here is not legal. Therefore, they are illegal. Alien does not necessarily mean a being from another planet; iirc the word alien literally means stranger. Admittedly it's not quite as clear why that term is used, since by definition everyone you haven't met yet is a stranger even if they're from the same country as you. Because of this, I personally prefer the term "illegal immigrants." I cannot overlook the fact that they are breaking the law, but the definition of alien really doesn't fit well in this context.
How did he feel about Buffalo wings?
At a very young age I discovered that I hate jelly, so I've never enjoyed PB &amp; J.
It took me a long time to realize there was a pun in the name Dewgong, much longer than I'd like to admit...
It wasn't until I was in a college course that I learned about how the US acquired Hawaii...
My dad once told me a similar story about his days in the army. He was meeting a group of visiting British people on the 4th of July. When they noticed all the decorations on the buildings, one of them asked "Excuse me, is this some sort of holiday for you chaps?" He simply responded "Independence Day" The British guy followed up by asking "And what is that celebrating?" Dad responded by telling him "It's the day we told bloody King George where to stick his taxes." They did take it in good humor (which is good because dad wasn't saying it to spite them or anything; it's hard to communicate the tone when typing it out).
Iirc in WW2 the grenades used by American troops were made to be the exact same shape and size of baseballs because "any red-blooded American man should know how to throw a baseball."
Yeah, that's him.
Empty their shampoo bottles and refill them with mustard.
When the house gets that filthy, burn it down and start over.
Between the end of second grade and the start of third grade we adopted 3 different cats, one of which was 2 years old, one of which was 1 year old, and one of which was a kitten. The oldest one died when I was in my second year of college; old age had hit her like a ton of bricks (enlarged heart, anemia, shrunken kidneys, severe arthritis, the works). The second oldest one had to be put down a few days before last Christmas, and the youngest one is still alive. I just graduated college after 5 years. Basically, barring accidents it's far from impossible for a cat to make it to age 14 and still have some miles in them. I've heard that the two oldest house cats on record made it into their 30s before they passed away; they had the same owner and were fed "human food" (in other words, real meat like bacon and steak) by their owner. Who would have thought feeding a carnivore meat instead of dry cereal would be good for its health? Disclaimer: When I say dry cereal I'm talking about cat food, not actual cereal. Just want to make sure I don't get people accusing me of feeding my cats Fruit Loops or something.
I'd just sneak a full grown leopard in through their bedroom window. They like playing rough with cats? Well let's see how they like this one.
I don't get how things like the Latin language and paganism are supposed to be Satanic when they predate Christianity by quite a long amount of time.
For the first half of this I was expecting you to reveal that he was actually a dog based on how desperate he was to try to interact with you.
Killing small animals for fun is literally one of the first stages of becoming a serial killer. D:
One big difference is that dogs are social and happy to live together, but cats are solitary and territorial. If you have more than one cat it can be tense keeping both of them in the house together, and if you let them outside it's going to be very hard to prevent them from getting out of the yard. A fence means nothing to a cat; it's not a barrier, it's a minor inconvenience at best. Also, in many areas a lot of the cats you see roaming around may not have owners at all. Unlike dogs, cats have an amazing ability to go feral and become completely independent if they need to. Cats domesticated themselves, and their relationship with humans is on their terms.
I used to think the word prostitute had something to do with politics. Of course that was when Clinton was in office...
I'm the opposite. I knew about internal organs long before I learned about musical ones. I was terrified the first time I heard that those musical boxes people played were organ grinders.
It wasn't until about 2 years ago that I learned that Black Friday isn't called that because it's a dark and dangerous day to work at a store.
I half expected you to say it turned out to be a large hive of bees inside your walls.
They also have mustaches you put on the front of the car.
That's like the Gattling Gun. It was invented to reduce the loss of lives in wars by ending the battles quickly and with few soldiers actually going into battle on either side. Why have a hundred soldiers when you can just send in a few guys with Gattling guns to obliterate the opponents in no time? Yeah, didn't quite work out...
"I just asked for a little off the top..."
Who said it had to be your own leg?
I was raised here in the US and we're usually taught about respecting antiquities and memorials, but there are always those oblivious parents who think their kids are just little angels and turn a blind eye to their kids' inappropriate behavior.
I don't wear running shoes much. I enjoy wearing boots because they're durable. My cat likes them too because the leather is apparently fun to scratch.
Pie. Squishy interior with a crunchy outside... no thanks. Cakes for life, man.
For me oatmeal is the only exception to this rule. You will never see me order the soup.
I agree. I love a lot of vegetables but if you cook them I will immediately lose all interest. In my opinion vegetables are just not meant to be squishy; they're supposed to be crunchy.
I'm a descendant of the Blankenship family, a member of which (whose first name escapes me oddly enough) was Mark Twain's inspiration for Huck Finn.
Montezuma's Revenge is what they call it when a tourist in Mexico gets diarrhea from drinking the water.
Walk! Walk for your life!
I hope they gave him the chair, because when else would "Fish Fries Tonight" be such an exciting headline?
I know VERY little about WWI but know quite a lot about WWII. Yes, I am American.
&gt;If they're asking that, it's because they have coeliac disease. Not necessarily. Nowadays there are a lot of people who insist on going gluten free just because they've heard about other people doing it; it's just what's trendy. These people have no idea that gluten is only an issue for people with coeliac disease; they hear that a lot of gluten free things are coming up on the market and therefore assume that gluten is some dreadful thing that 100% of the population would be better off without.
It just strikes me as so odd how suddenly so many people are acting like eating gluten would be the end of the world. Gluten is found in wheat, which is literally one of the first foods cultivated by mankind. How is it that a debilitating allergy to gluten has been able to remain in the population for all these years? I know it does exist; I'm just saying it's astonishing that it wasn't eliminated by natural selection thousands of years ago. Were the people who had it just not eating bread or something?
I am a pacifist, but I would have strangled that kid.
College (at least here in the US)
Nobody ever talks about getting too old for books or too old for TV; how are video games any different? They give you a narrative to follow with a beginning, middle, and end just like a book or movie would. In fact they're even more mentally stimulating because you're the one deciding how the protagonist passes each obstacle instead of just listening to some narrator tell you how they did it.
And if you don't have a super exciting resume you're pretty much screwed. Back when you could walk in and introduce yourself when you turned in an application you could make a good case for yourself by showing them what kind of person you really are. When the only thing you're communicating with is an automated application with a bunch of cut-and-paste questions you have no way of actually showing them what kind of personality you have or anything. All they see is the objective stuff like "he's worked 3 jobs in 5 years" or, in my case, "he's never had a paid position." They see that, assume it means I must not have any work ethic, and ignore my resume. It's not that I have no work ethic, it's that nobody will give me a chance.
Clark Kent can't change in a cell phone; how's Superman supposed to show up when there aren't any phone booths around?
It started when an alien device did what it did And stuck itself upon his wrist with secrets that it hid Now he's got superpowers, he's no ordinary kid He's Ben 10!
Yeah, but it has nothing to do with fighting crime...
Sounds like Ben Stein.
SCARY!
Could be worse. If earwigs crawl into ears imagine where cockroaches go...
What do you expect from a guy whose job is to stand around all day staring at privates?
Wait, your transgender daughter is also your niece? How exactly did that happen?
My family's policy is that we will only donate to beggars with a sense of humor. Don't give me some cliche crap like "Anything helps, God bless," to try to guilt-trip us into giving you money; give us something clever like "bet you can't hit me with any quarters." A few years ago we were in San Francisco and my dad gave $10 to a guy with a sign that said "why lie? It's for beer"
No question, it's TRON: Legacy.
That part bothered you and the fetus being eaten in the womb by baby aliens didn't?
I love how the main computer goes from "We don't need your help" to "Okay, I'll personally log you into the Matrix" so easily. Not only that, but after all the buildup to this final battle with the robots, Neo actually gets the robots to just back off and leave humanity alone.
If you've seen the documentary about it, Best Worst Movie, they run down the three 0s of Troll 2: Number of trolls in Troll 2: 0 Number of references to Troll 1: 0 Score on Rotten Tomatoes: 0
Funny how so many years after the release of Shrek 2 I started seeing tons of commercials for things like Lunchables and Doritos using the song "I Need a Hero" (or whatever the official title of the song is). I love that song but it strikes me as odd how there was such a delay between the release of the movie and these companies deciding the song would be awesome in their commercials.
Still not as bad as what's become of the Ice Age series.
Technically that's a spinoff, not a sequel. However, iirc they are making a sequel to The Minions movie...
They were right all along, there can be only one.
Funny how God sends everyone who has sex to Hell, yet specifically made it so that having sex is the only natural way to reproduce. Also convenient how artificial insemination is sinful because it's "playing God." It's like the church is determined to see the human race go extinct by reducing the birth rate down to 0.
Reminds me of one I actually came up with myself: Being a champion does not make you talented, being talented makes you a champion. I was inspired to come up with this after all my years of watching Pokemon. It always annoyed me how never once does any Pokemon being used by a regional champion actually get shown being defeated; they act like gaining the title of champion gives you total invincibility. In reality, even experts are not above the occasional failure. If the two best chess players in the world have a match, the loser is still a great chess player; that one defeat doesn't erase all of the talent that got him to the match in the first place.
I love tuna but can't eat it in peace; whenever I have it my cat hovers just inches away expecting me to share. I usually do give her a little bit, but she still won't leave until I'm done because I let her lick the bowl before I put it in the sink.
Is that the stuff they make by soaking fish in salt or something for a long period of time so it basically digests itself?
Eat the parsley they put on the plates at restaurants. Everyone says it's just for show but I like it.
Technically unless you have some sort of condition that causes excessive buildup of earwax you really don't have to worry about cleaning out your ears in the first place. I have extremely sensitive hearing (as is common in a lot of autistic people) even though I never clean the inside of my ears.
So do Americans. It's called the Sorcerer's Stone in the US version of the book too.
Carl is my least favorite Marx brother. I prefer Groucho myself.
You talking the communist or the comedians?
But all you need is love D:
Liver let die!
And contrary to what a lot of religious nuts would want you to believe, scientific discoveries are rarely if ever made with the intention of undermining religion. For example, Darwin didn't publish The Origin of Species because he wanted to make Christians look like idiots; he just wanted to inform the masses about something he had discovered through his research.
I haven't. It just seems so disrespectful.
I saw Piranha with both of my parents. It was advertised as a monster movie but had more gratuitous nudity than actual piranha attacks.
Yep, that's the one. When we were leaving the theater my mother noted that it was the worst movie she had ever seen, and both dad and I agreed.
&gt;Be wise as serpents and innocent as doves. As a small side note I'd like to add: I find it ridiculous how so many Christians act as if snakes are the devil's minions and are inherently evil. Even the serpent in the garden of Eden was not a real snake to begin with. The devil needed a physical form to speak through and he happened to choose the form of a snake; if he had appeared as a canary would we all say that canaries are the agents of evil? If a man in a gorilla suit broke into your house and smashed all your furniture, would you live the rest of your life preaching that gorillas are vandals? Of course not because a) the actions of a single gorilla hardly speak for the entire population and b) it wasn't a gorilla in the first place.
I've seen religious nutjobs online tell others they are going to Hell. Not warning them that what they are doing is the kind of thing that might make God decide to send them to Hell; just announcing that they absolutely are going to go to Hell. Um, isn't that a decision only God himself is supposed to make? And isn't attempting to usurp God's authority the worst sin of all, the one that got the devil kicked out of Heaven and mankind kicked out of Eden? By declaring others sinners and saying they are going to Hell these people are themselves committing the most heinous sin of all.
Reminds me of an episode of Family Guy from a few years ago where they tackled the topic of faith healing. They actually brought up an excellent point, the notion that modern medicine is God's way of answering people's prayers for cures to illness. It's like, what do these people expect him to do? Do they really expect the clouds to open up, a bright light to shine on the patient, and for the illness to be gone in an instant? How many people have recovered from terminal illness like that? The Bible never goes into much detail about HOW God answers prayers, so how do we know all of these scientists aren't being subtly guided by God's hand to reach the breakthroughs that result in the production of new medicines?
I once saw a facebook post on the subject: "God does not hate gay marriage. He does not hate anyone; that's kinda his thing"
I'd say any case of choosing prayer over readily available help is crazy. There's a story I've heard that I think very nicely illustrates it: There's a man living in Florida. One day he's watching the news and sees a hurricane warning telling everyone to evacuate. His neighbors hurry to pack their stuff and leave but he doesn't bother leaving because he tells them "I know God will protect me." When the hurricane strikes the road begins to flood. The man starts going upstairs as the first floor of his house fills with water. A small boat stops outside the window and a man in the boat calls to him to hop on. He declines again because "I know God will protect me" Later, he's up on his roof because the whole block is completely submerged. A helicopter flies overhead and lowers a ladder, but he doesn't climb it because "I know God will protect me" He dies, and when he goes to Heaven he walks up to God and asks "Why didn't you protect me?" God responds "I sent a hurricane warning, a boat, and a helicopter; what more did you want?"
According to The Simpsons, if you actually sit down and read the whole Bible you'll realize that we're not allowed to go to the bathroom.
You think you have a high blood alcohol content? Jesus's blood was 100% wine...
You know you're gangsta when the Sorting Hat puts you in Waffle House.
Or you can try our new Pepto McBizmol.
"That's it, I'm moving to Canada"
I used to have an uncle who lived in Reno. He was 2 stereotypes in 1: the wacky uncle and the jolly fat guy. He died in his 60s (or it may have been early 70s) after decades of smoking...
How much was it? As a Pokemon player I have no doubt that in 1-2 years the Pokemon games are going to start being released exclusively on the Switch. Because of that I know I'm gonna need one eventually if I plan to keep playing Pokemon.
Ah, that's good to know. Of course by the time they do start releasing Pokemon games on it the price will have probably dropped by quite a bit, but if this is the current price then I wouldn't be surprised if it's still over $200 by then.
Just how closely are they going to be watching, especially since you've already graduated?
Why pay to play online when you can have the satisfaction of owning a physical copy of the game?
There are already established exceptions to freedom of speech in cases where it can cause serious harm, like yelling "fire" in a movie theater. I'd say telling people a dangerous drug is going to solve all their problems is a pretty good example of this concept. Besides, the US is one of only 2 countries on the entire planet where ads for prescription medicine are legal. Every other country but New Zealand (I think) agrees that these ads should be illegal.
To be fair they weren't even the ones who came up with that. The "dad dies while trying to go down the chimney on Christmas" story is actually a pretty old urban legend. I don't know just how old but it definitely pre-dates Gremlins.
About 2 years ago my school got a mass email warning us about a pizza guy getting robbed on campus. Guess the robbers needed some dough.
Haven't you seen Mythbusters? Duct tape can do practically anything. It's a lot cheaper than a contractor too.
Maybe he really wants you to have kids.
Well, except the ones wearing masks or dressed as ghosts.
Did they actually have a person in a costume for that at sports games and stuff? I'm trying to imagine what a hurricane costume would look like.
Sounds like an invasion of Dhelmise, a Pokemon that was just introduced in Sun and Moon.
I've heard it said that German is the perfect language to speak when yelling at someone because it's impossible to speak without sounding angry/threatening. I question the validity of both parts of that statement but can't help finding it amusing.
Were they at least the droids you were looking for?
Entering 70 can work just as well. As long as the time is less than 1 minute 40 seconds you can enter it with just 2 digits.
Damn, my roommate is a cat and even I think this sounds terrible.
Excuse me?! I happen to be a UCR alum &gt;:(
That's not being cheapskates; it's being evil geniuses.
Well, you can't eat anything else but you're free to drink however much you like.
I have a hard time believing Goku ever had a power level &lt;10. Iirc in the episode of DBZ where Radditz first appears he uses his scouter on that farmer who saw his ship land and it says the guy has a power level of 5. If an average human had a power level of 5 I'd be willing to bet even Hercule has a power level &gt;10.
Hiccups. Never-ending hiccups.
I'd actually prefer room temperature coffee; I don't like scalding my tongue. My tongue is very sensitive to heat; anything more than about 10 degrees F above room temperature is too much.
Iirc they only had 2 weeks to do all the actual filming.
The three 0's of Troll 2: Number of trolls: 0 Number of references to Troll 1: 0 Score on Rotten Tomatoes: 0
Don't forget the popcorn scene. That was one sexual fantasy I didn't even know I had...
I kinda prefer Sharktopus myself, especially the sequels where it battles Pterracuda and Whalewolf.
I love the slip and slide scene. I've actually seen a gif of it on Tumblr.
Really? Of all the Syfy channel original shark movies that's the one you go with? I enjoy that movie but it seems odd that it would actually be at the top of the list when you consider all the competition it has: Dinoshark Zombie Shark 2-Headed Shark (and the sequel, 3-Headed Shark) Sand Sharks Mega Shark Dam Sharks Ice Sharks Atomic Shark Sharknado Swamp Shark Sharktopus Roboshark
Imagine the wedding video. A whole bunch of empty tuxedos and dresses dancing around.
Why do people still fall for these things? Seriously, after everything PETA has done in the past how can anyone take anything they say seriously?
Holy smokes, is that what console games cost these days? XD I haven't played a console game since Kingdom Hearts 2, which I got for $50 on the day it came out. Since I gave up on consoles I've just been getting handheld Pokemon games, which are still only $40. They have gone up in price a little bit, but the increase has been nothing compared to this.
Then where did they get the $100 from?
The point is specifically regarding that the exact phrase "what do you want?" Changing the wording doesn't count because it's no longer the same phrase.
Isn't it technically legal for privately-owned businesses to ask things like that? Don't get me wrong, it's a dick move and definitely SHOULD be illegal, but from what I've heard privately-owned businesses are allowed to discriminate in a lot of really messed up ways.
Well, Indeed and Beyond are pretty good for looking for professional positions, but if you'd be willing to settle for something smaller just for a source of income then I'd go with either Glassdoor or Snagajob. Basically, Indeed and Beyond are for careers while Snagajob and Glassdoor are for jobs.
This is almost identical to my current situation. I've actually been avoiding a lot of "entry level sales" positions because I was worried I'd end up as a telemarketer or something. I'm just not quite sure what to expect when they say sales.
No this is Patrick.
Probably an STD.
Yeah but they still need to run home.
In China, too young is just a name.
Having my job applications ignored because I have no employment history. It's like "break glass to get hammer; use hammer to break glass."
The funny thing is the leaders of the Republican party didn't want him as a nominee in the first place but the popular vote was so overwhelmingly in his favor that they had no choice. Ironic when you see that he ended up winning the election despite losing the popular vote.
But you're fine with career cheese and artificial politicians, right?
Hey, knit happens.
Every once in a while someone will do that to me and my first thought will be "oh crap, do I know this person?" I'm very bad at remembering faces, so I can never be sure that the person really is a total stranger; for all I know any one of them could be a former classmate or something whose face had faded from my memory.
I think it's more of a placebo effect. Kids have it drilled into their heads that sugar will make them hyper, so they become hyper when they eat it.
Also, the Catholic church invented Halloween. Just like Christmas and Easter it was set at the same time of year as an annual celebration from older religions so that followers of the older religions would be more comfortable converting.
Relevant username.
Last year a family of foxes moved into my backyard. I named the mother Megan, Megan Fox.
All he really needs to do is line the border with posts that say (in Spanish) "Welcome to America, run by president Donald Trump." Nobody will want to cross that border knowing what's on the other side.
Or an invitation for our enemies to attack us. From Disney's Mulan: Imperial Scout (to Shan-Yu): The emperor will stop you Shan-Yu: Stop me? He invited me. By building his wall he challenged my strength; well now I'm here to play his game.
Giving your customers raspberries is frowned upon if you don't work in produce.
Lumberjack. You'd be getting splinters in REALLY unfortunate places, which would make it really awkward when you have to ask your buddy to remove them...
Your clothes, I need them. (yes, I know that was the Terminator, not the exterminator)
The phrase "herding cats" comes to mind.
For a second I read that as "I can cook my brain off." I've been binge watching The Walking Dead for the last few days...
Reminds me of the episode of Mythbusters where they tested ways to herd cats. They tried using toys to lure the cats, using umbrellas to spook the cats, and in the end even tried using a pair of sheepdogs, but the cats just would not come together in a herd. The sheepdogs seemed quite perplexed when the cats stood their ground; they're more used to working with animals whose default reaction to danger is flight rather than fight.
If I propose to someone and she says no because I don't have a ring to give her, I've just dodged a bullet. If she's so shallow that all she cares about is whether or not I give her an expensive shiny rock then I don't even WANT to marry her.
What annoys me is how their free trial automatically turns into a paid subscription once it expires. Isn't a free trial supposed to be like the free samples you get in stores, where you get a little bit of the actual product so you can decide if you want to buy it or not? Having it automatically switch from a free trial to a paid subscription kinda ruins the point of it being a trial.
&gt;It's about making her happy And my love wouldn't make her happy? It needs an intrinsically worthless rock that cost 2 month's salary to validate that? The entire wedding/engagement ring "tradition" is one of the most successful scams in history; it wasn't even a thing until the DaBeers diamond company started marketing it in the first half of the 20th century. Before then women were perfectly happy accepting proposals just because they were in love, not because the man spent a ton of money on a ring for them.
We'd need to send all the fuel up there ourselves since there wouldn't be any to mine on Mars itself. I highly doubt fossil fuels can exist on a planet where there have never been any complex lifeforms to become fossils.
Pickles are my favorite add-on with burgers. I'm indifferent about lettuce and onions and I hate tomatoes and mustard.
I've never heard of that, but it's a big country so I wouldn't be surprised if it's a thing in some parts of the US. The only thing I use marshmallows for are s'mores.
So that's where the confusion came from. I had just commented that I thought hush puppies were a type of shoe; guess I was kinda right after all. I wasn't aware there was also a food with that name.
The downside of the egg thing is that I really enjoy eggs but they don't sit well with me if I eat them before a drive. Whenever we go on vacation we stop at some diner for breakfast and I have to decide if I feel well enough to order the eggs without worrying about getting nauseous down the road.
It's not dessert for us. That's like going to another planet and calling the locals aliens; it's all relative.
I remember a news story from 2 or 3 years ago where a certain Wendy's restaurant had a new burger that was not approved by management and was quickly removed. It had either 9 or 11 patties on a single burger.
What are oysters doing in the mountain anyway? They're supposed to be underwater :P
If it works we'll probably need some kind of regulations in place to ensure that we don't bring more of that fuel back to Earth than we need to. After all, if we make methane on Mars and bring it back here it will end up adding to the total amount we have on Earth. Methane is already a catalyst for global warming so we'd have to have some way of balancing it out. Ironically, when you look at it this way it actually isn't just rocket science; it's economics. You'd have to take stock of the fuel supplies already on Earth, the GHGs already in our atmosphere, and the amount of ingredients for these fuel-making reactions currently present on Mars. Then of course you'd have to factor in how much fuel would be needed for each leg of the trip (I assume the trip back would take less because it would be easier to break free from Mars' atmosphere than Earth's) and what would happen with the emissions. There are more things to factor in but I figure you get the point. I took a lot of economics classes but this would require a bit better understanding of physics and engineering than I have.
For me it's a tie between The Secret Saturdays and Generator Rex. Neither of them was actually cancelled as far as I know; they just had their finales. Both of them only took like 1-2 years to get from series premiere to series finale, and as soon as they had their finales Cartoon Network just tossed them aside and stopped even showing reruns of them.
They could all take a lesson from My Little Pony; when their fanbase became dominated by grown men they didn't pull the plug, they rolled with it.
The title was tragically misleading ;~;
Hi Earl.
Did it at least have a happy ending?
Where you hid the bodies.
That guy's a total nut job.
The Hash-slinging slasher...
The funny thing about Aliens is the title could be referring to either the xenomorphs or the humans. It wasn't on Earth; we were just as much aliens to that planet as the xenomorphs. Actually I don't know if that was the xenomorph's home planet or not; if it was then the humans were the only aliens in the movie.
Honestly for me Winter Soldier was the lowest point in the Captain America trilogy, but that might just be because I've formed a bias after countless trilogies in which the middle installment was the weak point.
What I didn't like about Half-Blood Prince is that it had this constant monochrome grey tint to every scene, even the ones that were supposed to be more comic relief like when they're at Fred and George's shop. I get it, this is the darkest point in the series, but at least give us some cheerful lighting in the feelgood scenes.
Seriously? Its plot was ridiculous; it just seemed to me like they wanted to show off how the CGI has evolved since the original was made.
I spent the first half of last week binge watching the whole thing on Netflix because I had never seen it before. I found it just too depressing after they had to leave the prison, especially since Hershel died. That was the saddest death in the show for me; he was a nice old man who looked like Santa Claus :(
And how does he always have bolts for his crossbow? Sure he often picks them back up after the walkers are dead so he can reuse them, but there are also often times when he can't do that. It always looks like there are only 4 or 5 bolts in the crossbow in the first place. I'm not an archer myself but I have a feeling crossbow bolts would be a bit harder to come by than bullets.
Normally I hate spoilers but in this case it has no effect on me because it's so obvious based on the show up to this point.
Actually that's no longer the latest Pokemon movie. The Volcanion movie aired on Disney XD last month.
Yup, apparently Cartoon Network has made yet another "brilliant" decision and given the US dub of Pokemon over to Disney.
It's like they want to be taken off the air. The only show they still have that I like and isn't on Toonami or Adult Swim is Steven Universe.
It's a shame that Netflix has An Extremely Goofy Movie but not the original. I mean, it's not as bad as them having Mulan 2 without Mulan (at least I enjoy An Extremely Goofy Movie) but it's just sad not being able to watch this one on there.
As good as that song is, I just don't get why I seem to be the only person who actually prefers I-to-I. By all means Stand Out is awesome, but for me it's always been the lesser of the two.
If I were a kid and went to a show like that I would have had nightmares for weeks. I've had a phobia of costumed characters ever since I went to Chuck e Cheese as a little kid.
The scene where Goofy uses a cigarette lighter to make soup and then uses his legendary buck teeth to open the can would be a great scene for Mythbusters. Part 1: Could a cigarette lighter produce enough heat for long enough to cook the soup? Part 2: Can you heat soup up to the point of being edible without the can exploding? Part 3: Would Goofy have been able to penetrate the top of the can with his teeth?
*Baps you with a rolled-up newspaper* that was An Extremely Goofy Movie. Well, the glove part, not the cheese part.
Me too. Just seeing the smiling hat lying in the mud as they drive away was really sad.
Scan the spirits of Wood, Earth, Steel, and Darkness. Sell the spirits of Light, Ice, and Water For the spirits of Fire, Wind, and Thunder you can go with either option. The reason for this is simple: There are a lot less Light, Water, and Ice digimon to farm those spirits from, so they're the ones that are most likely to actually sell (especially Light). Earth, Wood, and Steel can be easily farmed while grinding in the Argo area of FiW and Darkness is easy to farm when grinding Volcamon at the Maze Entrance. Fire, Wind, and Thunder are in a bit of a gray area; they're somewhat common but you may have to go out of your way to actively hunt for them.
The coffeemaker spends all its time grinding nuts. Pretty sure it's a dudette.
That's nothing; I took Latin all 4 years of high school. Even got Magna Cum Laude on the National Latin Exam in 10th grade.
That's nothing; the Louvre museum in Paris has a sign out front in Mandarin (and only Mandarin) telling people not to defecate on the lawn.
A year or two ago I read an article that someone posted here on Reddit talking about how vulgar and inconsiderate Chinese tourists apparently are. It said the Chinese department of tourism or something like that had only recently released a request to the populace to try to behave themselves when abroad.
Reminds me of what happens when you throw a handful of popcorn to a bunch of ducks.
This has honestly never happened to you? You're at a theme park and see a group of tourists posing for a picture while the camera guy stands like ten feet back in the middle of the walkway, so the rest of the foot traffic gets bottlenecked so they can walk by without photobombing. It would be seen as rude for them to just walk through the picture, but it's not seen as rude for the camera guy to hog half the walkway for the shot.
That works, but I was thinking more places like amusement parks where the walkways are only wide enough for maybe 6 people max to comfortably walk side-by-side.
Wait a minute, we're missing Sex Toy.
Or American. The average age when Americans move out of their parents' house is in the early 30s these days. Just because she's living with her parents doesn't mean she's still a teenager; it's hard to save enough money to move out on your own. EDIT: [source](http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/11/06/millennials-just-likely-live-home-move/)
Pepsi okay?
[here](http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/11/06/millennials-just-likely-live-home-move/)
My cat was in the backyard with a Great Dane and a German Shepherd. The dogs were just curious but the cat thought they were attacking. I tried to pick her up and bring her inside; wound up with a scar going almost all the way down the side of my right hand. I forgave the cat in less than a day and we were still great friends until she had to be put down a few days before Christmas 2015.
My foot started hurting when I read this.
Do you mean you went into shock or that you went in to get a shot? I'm sure a tetanus shot would be pretty much mandatory in this case but not sure what else.
This is why it's bullshit for custody disputes to default to the mother; women are just as capable of being monsters as men are.
Sounds like the time when I shook hands with a cactus. I don't know why I did it, but I would not recommend it.
Now, I could only find an exact statistic for New Zealand, where apparently the average age of moving out is 27. The statistics I found for the US were more based on how likely someone in their 30s is to have moved out. I hope I can move out by the time I'm 30 but I'm 24 and still struggling to get a job. A lot can happen in 6 years but I'm not very optimistic about it happening.
Yes... it is... &gt;and have simply moved back in with their parents due to financial hardships What difference does that make? Whether you have tried living away from home or not doesn't matter if the end result is going back to living at home.
Never heard anyone call it that, but by the sounds of it that's not really a bad thing.
