Is there any mention of time travel in the by laws?
Eh, between mls and MLB, I chose the third option; football break. Then again, we got Copa America to look forward to. Paulinho might some how (magically) improve? Also, Lamela is in the squad, so he's bound to absorb some Messi/di Maria magic from playing with em.
So what are we trying to get out of all this? World Cups not in Qatar, or do we include Russia as well? I guess, that's what the winning candidate will be asking.
Not bad blood, just blood between Suarez' teeth. We're still cool.
Bout that time eh chaps?
So what does this hold for Andros?
Eh, I give him "great servant". Not " legend", but he at least deserves the former title for the sheer fact that over the last 3 seasons, he's been our best CB. Despite the craziness that was AVB-Tim-Poch, he carved out a spot on the starting 11 and is basically written in pen next to Lloris on the team sheet.
If you go to the FL studios forums or look up any of the old interviews on EDM/DJ mags, you see the name came from him finding a dead mouse in his PC tower. If anything, the head is a rip-off of Daft Punks signature "spin music with LEDs in front of your face" helmets. I think that became more pronounced in the current iteration of his mask. Before it was just a red mau5 head. I guess since he is no longer opening (more likely to spin at night) he decided that more LEDs were needed to make him stand out in the dark. Then again, its all a rip off from the whole EDM subculture. When was the last time you went to a rave and didn't see some wierdo without some shiny lights coming from them?
Yes. I'd be treating the lads out to the clubs after games, buying bottles 'round the table, and taking care of all legal fees involved with prostitution scandals that came after said clubbing. Because I can afford it. If I were not a billionaire, I would not be taking care of 5th division player's kits. Even if I were a millionaire, I'd still be looking for a good paying job... have you seen inflation rates lately?
Filter out all the love/hate comments about GRRM, this is by far the best comment. :)...:(
Really bummed me out. I prefer the GRRM version better than the HBO but viewership numbers seem to disagree with me.
Can't tell if he/she is an awesome new novelty account or an adult/teen crying out for help.
Meow see here boy, that is not that kinda sound we would be using in a chase.
If they did offer 50, would we take it? Hard to say if the funds would be of help after watching last season's debacle...
Seeing little kids hide behind their parents when I approach. Not because I like fear in kids hearts or something. I just feel like I'm still a kid, and I can recall being shy at that young age. So its interesting to be on the receiving end of it, reminds me how fast time flies.
Not sure why you are being downvoted. Apparently, asking tough questions is now a no-no here.
What? Episode please.
Something something Jenny just kissing.
Jesus. That would be the eighth striker in their roster. It's like the strategy has changed to "buy every player".
I'm not even sure why Maggy was portrayed by a young woman. In the books she is likened to the Queen of Thorns. So to cast a young woman makes me think the actress slept with someone to get a couple of scenes with lines.
[Dog vocabulary.](https://youtu.be/5Jq06Ga71TM) I haven't laughed so hard in 10 seconds.
&gt;Rich are more risk averse than economics give them credit for, preferring to save or keep wealth in place, rather than continuing to make aggressive use of the whole 'make your wealth create more wealth'. Kinda, sorta. Thanks to Reagan (while we're on the subject of trickle down), tax laws have been written so that it's less costly to make wealth from capital gains in terms of what you pay in taxes. Hence all the crap about Romney paying only 30% of his income on taxes. Had he gone the "make your wealth" route, he would have paid a higher tax rate. Granted, income inequality has gone up but this isn't because the rich are simply being more productive. Instead, they just invest their money (or have someone do it for them) since its cheaper when the IRS comes around. As far as the critique on globalization; its hard not to argue that the world as a whole is better off when free trade takes place. The issues comes when deciding if the losers from globalization deserve to be the losers of this regime. To your local district representative, of course not. How dare those countries take "American jobs?" To the 3rd world country seeing its economy take off due to the comparative advantage of cheaper labor, its a great thing. Just look at what its doing in South America.
I'd argue we would be most attractive to young signings. With a coach that prefers youth over experience, I could see how we would be more attractive than Liverpool.
Looks like a less attacking Walker with the crossing abilities of Dier.
Ah, fighting with the Pope. One of my favorite activities in the total war: medieval series
Where is Inter getting the money from?
He was injured for a vast part. And, regardless if he had a bad season by his standards, we looked a lot better with him in the team rather than Dier or Chiriches.
For fucks sake, it was voted by the players.
Dem policies are actually at odd with a majority of the Latino vote. Latinos tend to value Christian and family values, they are pro-business anti-big government (except for Argentina and Chile) as we were all fucked by social list policies, and we can see the merit of gun ownership (if you ever lived in Latin America, you know the necessity of having protection). The only problem is that Republicans (or a large part of their base, it seems) are calling Latinos subhuman, and that just doesn't sell to the masses. Maybe once the baby boomers die out, we'll see a more diverse GOP that can bring in Latino voters. That's how the democrats got the black vote, after all.
Try telling HK or CB that they are starting EVERY game from end of august to early may and see how they take it.
ITT: Peruvians
Cut off access to all air, and you've got a handy suicide bag!
We've brought down their "park the tank" policy before, we can do it again.
We have a rivalry, they've been underperforming while we've been surprising. And we both play dirty as fuck. It should be a good game!!!
Boo this man.
Man, the day we can watch sports on Netflix is the day i cancel my cable service.
From German Messi to playing in the MLS. Ouchies.
Aaaand there goes my respect for him.
I see where your coming from, and I agree. However, once Netflix or other online providers firmly monopolize the market, I only see sports leagues selling broadcasting rights to one of these vendors. Just look at how much money the premier league is getting by offering their games online over at NBC.
&gt;Why not just tune out Indeed, why don't you tune it out?
It's the circlejerk going on in /r/soccer and /r/coys. We have a lot of Chelsea going on.
Because your getting agitated about something you yourself acknowledge could be ignored.
In the U.S., most euro games are before noon, way before I start drinking.
None of those cover my only sport, football.
You have to have your head lodged up pretty far up your own ass to claim he is a successful businessman. The son of a self made wealth magnate, he has managed to bankrupt every venture he has started. You can tell how bad things got for him when he was willing to take on any Joe off the street to make them his apprentice. Calling him a successful businessman is like calling Kim Kardashian a talented actress.
Not as I recall. His agent made some remarks how Pep wanted to sell Alves, Pique, Villa, and Fabregas because they were not up to his standard. Villa was just for sporting reasons, but the rest he had an issue with their attitude. The especially shocking part was that apparently he was disappointed with Fabregas as a person. So he told Rosell his plans but Rosell refused because of possible fan backlash. So Pep quit. Makes you wonder, considering what we've accomplished and the people who've left.
Careful with how you approach the healing. There was that one guy who found a safe with an explosive booby trap. Obviously, he managed to open it without ending up in the news.
Like fucking 18 wheeler's. It's funny because I have to think that not even the directors knew how to drive manual.
As an alternative: Every Man United game this season * said every none-Man U fan
In this thread, people who probably don't drive in the DMV area.
Right? Does this story take place in the 70s? Not that the brother isn't a douche, but I can't imagine finding a decent pair of shoes for the office for less than $200.
Go genocidal on their people. Eventually, they will get there.
Everyone is screaming their lungs out. Meanwhile, we have Alli just giving that dorky smile and waving like a simpleton. I love it.
Wow, did you miss the point, entirely...
Obviously, that's been Man U's problem. You guys are not football'ing it enough.
If you want to be rich and famous, being an author has got to be one of the hardest ways to get there. Besides, it wasn't well until after his last book that he started getting famous. Unless your implying that this ten year hiatus coincides with the rise of GoT on purpose.
Only ever heard that one song. Clubbing in the U.K. must a different scene than East Coast U.S.
I've always wanted to wage a campaign of nothing but guerrilla fighting. Shame, now I know it's not a viable option :(
Sarcasm, right? The last line threw me off.
Though, you have to wonder. With a government that tells you it's going to stop spying on its citizens only to continue doing so, you have wonder what the alternative to revolt is. Not saying THESE guys are right. But in general, never discredit the efficiency of organizing armed forced.
We did it! We won the league. Shows over. See you guys next year.
Put me down for mid March.
I too have some Alibaba stock. I sold some of holdings after the first time they froze the market. Never a good idea to be in bed, financially, with a government that doesn't understand capitalism.
What? Barcelona has the largest stadium in Europe. Stop pulling facts out of your ass.
Don't be surprised. Look what happened to Bayern their first season under Pep. They went from kings of counter to German tiki-taka. Not that they aren't doing amazing, but not like it made much silverware difference.
That's actually what happened in real life prior to WW2. England used to own a majority of the middle east, before getting bombed to high heaven by Hitler (not destroyed, mind you).
North Africans are not Arabs. I stand corrected: Most of the northern Africa is part of the Arab League. Though, then it makes you wonder what we consider the term "African" to mean in general. Silly humans.
If the government doesn't send you to a secret prison for your opinion, this sub will.
Meh, not exactly that critical to our survival. Poisoning water treatment plants would be far more deadly and their locations are publicly advertised. Lay off the paranoia, its not healthy for you.
I read this in Argentine. Bravo.
Agreed. Our shambles of a defense pales in comparison to what Poch has built this season. If anything, I imagine a low margin affair made up of crazy counters.
At the gas station!
I think it's just perplexing that it's Scholes that's getting all this screen time. To the younger generation, I guess it would be like seeing Iniesta talking shit about an under fire Barca manager.
Lads seem super confident in the fitness regime in recent interviews, so I'm curious to see how our second half of the season compares to our usual performance.
Agreed. Maybe this is what Real needed after all. A former galatico who understands the needs and wants of super star athletes having experienced that himself. Aside from Ancelotti, I don't think recent managers had such previous playing careers.
Dark.
Time for my weekly visit to /r/reddevils.
Agreed with 100%. Just one thing. What is a Hollywood pass?
I swear, one giant anime corporation got broadcasting rights across South America in the 90s. I digress. Fuck you. Pokémon is not shitty. Pokémon was life.
You, my friend, would enjoy a Rammstein concert.
He could be the top #10 in the MLS. Maybe time to cash in and replace Gerrard in LA?
Do James Franco and Seth Rogen count as artists?
Can confirm. Source: am rich asshole.
Is heroin that much harder to kick?. I have ocassional relapses into my pill addiction (I have a medical use for them, I just abuse them when I get bored). The withdrawal sucks, but its nothing like they portray in Ray. Should I just save experimentation with heroin until my death bed?
I like to think that Trump, before starting his campaign, flipped a coin to decide which party to run for and brushed up on the political talking points a week after forgetting about the coin toss, by going to the Yahoo comments page.
The average user. Bruce Lee is a one man death star with these.
Is that what a speedball is? ^*Adds ^to ^bucket ^list*
Nope. They hide my narcotics from me though :/
So English food does indeed suck? Genuinely curious.
Already there, IMHO.
Wait. It does now? I can usually hold off 2 full stack armies with Roman garrisons and high walls.
3 more years! 3 more years! 3 more years!
Yeah, some people on the Spurs sub have deluded themselves into thinking Kane was always destined for greatness. Little do they remember, his loan spells were disappointing and he would have probably been loaned out again had the other two options been Adebayor and Soldado. Suppose it worked out in the end.
I've done management in development, and it sounds like your describing a waterfall methodology. Given the lessons learned form Rome 2, I would expect CA to dedicate a bit more time in UAT.
Apparently he was cheating on her too. Takes balls to cheat on the club owner's daughter your dating. And at one point, wasn't she the owner while Berlusconi was going through court and what not?
That's next season. I guess that means that we will take La Liga and CL this season, while Atleti and Real fight for the treble next season. I'll take a double this year.
Exactly. We earned that title, and it's only fitting people associate us with it until we prove them otherwise. Having the best defensive record, youngest squad, and all that noise are awesome. But we did just struggle against last year's relegation team. Granted they are surprising everyone. But just like Scum deserves the name "assholes" from time to time, we deserve Spursy. I hope we redefine it soon. Poch will make our team the most feared of the EPL.
Don't edit your post about calling them "peng tings". Show some courage, that's the first step.
Not saying these groups. But don't you think there's a chance some of the engineers on military contract might be civilians working for Lockheed or Boeing?
Ghost in the shell is the future we're heading towards. Except that instead of cool mecha suits and professional assassin hackers, you've got politically elected inept people trying to install a backdoor in all these systems, which people like anonymous or worse will exploit. I guess, a more comical and tragic version of ghost in the shell.
Aww :(. I guess she's not the prettiest bird, but she's cute.
Really? So much for overtaking Giggs.
Can you say you are going without tickets? I thought NLDs were high selling affairs, but I could be wrong.
I don't know if you can make that claim without the figures.
yup. that's why you use your country until WC time.
Over a season, I'd take Suarez over Aguero just because of his injury record. Dybala over Neymar? What?
I thought Gerrard was hanging his boots and headed to management training?
Not to mention Yedlin isn't really inspiring much confidence.
They sound like Puerto Ricans, almost impossible to understand.
Yeah, but we are talking about club career here. And Yedlin isn't really inspiring much confidence in Sunderland, let alone Spurs.
I personally think the inclusion of Will Smith in this film might be a disaster.
My thoughts as well. I figured Smith's agent had a big say on the Deadshot costume, because the lack of the mask kinda takes away from the whole Deadshot image and instead you get Will Smith in tights. Meh
We could be witnessing the destruction of the republican party through the fault of, wait for it... the republican party. Crazies want to vote for Trump, the even crazier ones like Palin.
Now THAT'S racist.
It's just that removing federal reserve independence its what will be the downfall of the dollar as the universal currency. At this rate, we'll be no better off than China.
How far down Falcao has fallen. I don't know who had it worse, him or Torres.
If he keeps developing young English talent, I could see him getting knighted. Which would make trips back to Argentina awkward whenever the Falklands are brought up.
I don't see him at United with their crazy expectations since SAF left. I could see him at Barca, especially given his connection to Puyol.
I think the producers are mistaking this for American football where the game stops every 3 minutes for 2 minutes. Thank god NBC coverage seems to be run by people who understand the sport.
I'm going to write up a good explanation, because its not fair for you to get down voted for simply not understanding. But for now, basically, all those payments that are due over time are assets. Even though we didn't have the money, we had a written contract with Madrid that we would get that money and in our books, that counts as basically having the money. There are other technicalities that won't serve any purpose for this. Maybe we have an accountant in this sub that can do a better job?
Is this new? He was bad mouthing Spielberg for Crystal Skull. And it seems he has a tendency to get into bar fights.
Or the next threat to humanity. Need I remind you of a little historical documentary called *Rise of the Planet of the Apes*?
I hate to say it, but get rid of some of the extracurricular activities and description of college. Most recruiters will only read the first page. Put everything you have to in the first page. Less is better in this case. Also, spell out (as in, list out) all the PPM, Scheduling, Ticket Tracking, and all that good software you've used. Recruiters look good when their candidate knows their shit, so they are going to look for the key words before they present you as a candidate ( *bullet item - I am proficient in MS Project, PlanView, Jira, etc.) EDIT: Also should note, a lot of recruiters use software that parses your document for keywords (see above). So try to put it out there in as basic language as you can, because your first screen against getting that job is probably whatever software they use.
Shit wasn't alpha at all. Just rape-y.
What do you have against Real Madrid?
If you score and the opponent doesnt, you win the match. I know its crazy, but apparently we've been doing that for a long time now. Spread the word so people can be informed.
From my understanding, this a coping mechanism that you unconsciously use. You need to work on your independence more than anything. This will allow you to stop seeking validation from others.
Welp. I'm taking back my upvote now.
It damn well better. I don't think anyone else can claim their goals caused orgasms among a large group of predominantly males.
Knowing Perez... that's not too far-fetched...
Not soon enough?
What if the whole baby thing was a sham to cover up his real identity?
From then on, no one said "lads, it's Spurs" with that shit eating grin ever again.
If I was playing at such a quiet stadium as the Library, I too would be nervous and take down Costa.
Kek
I am personally very pleased by this. That's one less rival Spurs have to worry about this season.
He didn't hit the lows that Pato did, but Coutinho was just disappointing at Inter before becoming a key member of Liverpool
It's kinda hard to argue against it when the evidence is there.
Guess you didn't do much history in high school. But someone has already replied to your response. I hope you learned something today.
My guess is the sheer number of people provides more opportunity for individuals like this to pop up. I've seen fanatics for every kind of thing. This nothing special.
One season hardly defines a trend. Its nice to dream, and maybe it is here. But jumping the gun after *one* *season* risks you sounding like an idiot (not you, /u/phigo50, but people making this claim).
/s mate.
ITT: Peruvians?
Yes he did. He now weighs about the same as a baby. However, given his history, officials are saying it's a fat baby the comparison applies to, just to be on the safe side.
Actually, the ending the last name with "Z" or "S" to demonstrate that someone is the descendant of so-and-so comes from Jewish tradition.
Oh, I personally don't care about your scenario - no offense. I just saw someone cast judgement on people they don't know by reading 3 sentences that describe the event from one point of view. This knee-jerk reaction is what concerns me. I am concerned my fellow man and his intellectual well being, and how that well being affects us all. If I can change one person's mind, I consider that a win and an improvement for the world.
Bayern even have a midfielder in goal. Full-backs are pacey midfielders with stamina. The game has changed in a short period.
Wow, Spurs fan praising Arsenal coach. What a time to be alive.
I know its also used in South American Spanish. It's like what a parent would use in a nice way to poke fun of their children.
Any permanent side effects? Last thing I want is half my face to be all droopy.
And those score lines. I wonder what our GD will be at the end of the season, but I can only get *so* erect.
I think it is not that bad given that Son and Chadli provide interesting options up front. If we don't sign a striker in January, I doubt we'll be significantly impacted.
I think it is not that bad given that Son and Chadli provide interesting options up front. If we don't sign a striker in January, I doubt we'll be significantly impacted.
But aren't those private Catholic schools expensive to attend? The safety net doesn't sound like a cornerstone, it sounds like another way to keep the poor in poverty.
But that's not a guarantee. You still have yet ANOTHER barrier to progress based solely on income. That's not a safety net with a pathway paved in gold, that's a toll your parents have to pay for you to pursue your passion.
Visit South America some time. It's really easy to find it, especially in Peru and Bolivia, and the quality you find would usually cost you an arm and leg in Europe and the States. Not that I'm endorsing drug use, but I'm all about new experiences - and you might as well have the best if your trying it once. Not to mention the price. In some places, cocaine is cheaper than dinner at a decent restaurant.
Agreed. Source: I'm an obnoxious introvert.
Nah, just i need to be alone to charge my batteries, socializing drains me. Obnoxious because when I am charged up, I border on mania.
What if that included anyone who had the belief "to arrest anyone who had fucked up beliefs?"
Shame for me, all we got in the Washington Metropolitan area is Bolivians, Brazilians, and Central Americans. For the longest time, no believed me that I was Latino, but then again, all Americans had seen up till then was Mexicans.
So, the only thing that is loyal about this whole deal are the fans.
I forgot, what happened again?
Isn't this a case of your hearing about it?
Shame you can't join in on the bantz we got going on in latin america.
Said it before, said it again. Fuck twitter links.
I've been in that boat. How's your relationship with family?
Fox has got some of the dumbest commentators in history when it comes to football, not to mention they love sucking Arsenal cock. Just remember, it's thanks to these guys that Alexi Lalas is still being heard by the public
As much as we dislike ISIS, I seriously doubt more than 50% of their members are closeted homosexuals. You're just as bad as the Trump supporters who are trying to paint broad strokes to simplify the make up the enemy. What you're inadvertently doing is dumbing down the conversation and doing politicians who don't have to take their jobs seriously a favor. So thank you for promoting the environment that has been so conducive to the rise of Trump politics.
No. America is more like the Iron Bank at the moment. Everyone WILL invest in the Iron Bank because "it always collects it debt", regardless of what Kings of Westeros say. With the current financial climate, Greece or China are better positioned to taking the Lannister title.
Ok, point me to the source supporting your "fact" that more than 50% of ISIS members are closeted homosexuals. I'll hold my breath while you produce that.
So no sources?
It's funny on so many levels. I'm going to hell for this.
You must not have taken sciences in grade school, because that's exactly what sciences try to do, and can work out at times. This seems to be one of those times, but you can continue to argue with your fingers plugging your ears.
I guess at the end of the day, the terrorists won.
Thats odd and sucky. Raising dead is so crucial to having basically no allies in the grand scheme of things.
A six figure salary for a non-senior role is common in IT as well. The economy over there is so hideously inflated, I wouldn't be surprised if another collapse originate from there.
Thats great! Better than having to chose Clinton or Trump.
Unless they fall flop. That would be hilariously cruel.
When I see shit like this, I have no idea how people can still doubt evolution. We are just hairless monkeys who think.
It has nothing to do with hate. It has something to do with people talking out their ass. Look up Pele and the most famous shot you'll see is his knuckle shot during the world Cup. It's not my fault you started watching football two years ago.
Put *Trump for President* stickers on the stuff of Bernie supporters. Put *Sanders for President* stickers on the stuff of Trump supporters.
I suggest a diazapam next time your engaging in such activities. I dated a girl in a similar situation and after suggestions from a friend, she tried a small dose of xanax before we got intimate. It "relaxed" her enough to get her used to sex. Eventually, she was conditioned to enjoy sex but it did take a while. Hope you have a patient guy who can roll with those punches.
I am starting to wonder if Sarah Palin is a democrat in disguise. She recently called for changes to how wealth is distributed. Either she was a Democrat secret agent or she had no clue what socialist means every team she called Obama that.
It's like he was destined to miss that shot. I thought it was funny how he retreated INSIDE his shirt. That's the sort of thing you did as a child, so I can only imagine how scarring that can be for the mind.
Came here to confirm this. Good job reddit, you're not that gullible.
I think its also funny to see a moment where the world can collectively tell a country of millions "I told you so". Humans really are funny creatures.
I'll have to search for this one. It is undisputed but I can't locate the original article either.
What do you mean by getting a scale and dropping a mg a week? Drugs don't phase me anymore. I've had migraines since 12 years of age, and the amount of drugs they've tried on me has - it seems - made me tolerant to any sort of sedative, whether its an actual tranquilizer or anti-psychotic side effect. Maybe this means I can't be ruffied?
Kk. Like i said, if you believe contrary more power to you. Didnt read what you replied though.
You got to try psychedelic mushroom for migraines? If so... Awesome! Sorry to hear your going through what your going
At least if this happened to you pre-internet era, you could possibly move on from this. But websites like this will make dumbass mistakes like this follow him around for a loooooooong time.
Yeah. Stuff these days that passes off for "WTF" is just disappointing.
Rest of the stuff? Like, more drugs?
No, no, he means before Obama, everything was going fine in the U.S.
Well, then, it stands to reason all DBZ fans are Domican.
FUCK YES. Wait, do I have to start my campaigns again?
&gt; bloody good update Eyyyy, I get it. Also, thank you for listening to VC fans request for Blood Knights - my armies are finally fully representative of the VC roster - while rebalancing their more OP strategies.
&gt; He's a cocky little shit with a hugely inflated opinion of himself that quite simply doesn't stack up to his ability, and I have absolutely no problem with the English public knocking him down a peg or two. That's why. I'm not saying praising him, but why are you going to knock him? It's not like he was the only player who performed poorly. And if you want to see what I mean by shitting on your players, the top link on /r/soccer is shitting on Kane. My national team is in worse condition than yours, and nobody ever talks them up, but when they get home, they don't have to deal with the kind of abuse your players get. Whether you think your thoughts are subtle or not, to somebody coming in with an outsider perspective, it sounds like you guys are a quiet the self-centered fans.
Jesus dude, do you also keep bitching about slavery, too?
Its in your head. Been smoking for over 15 years, and let me tell you, there is a way to conquer the paranoia.
Its not easy, but honestly - experience.
awww, cheers mate!
I think we found the guy who wants Wenger out
&gt; money* * that probably means half of the players we currently have on the startinf XI. Aside from Hugo, Jan, Walker, Rose and Kane, the subsequent expenditures were enabled by the Bale money. I personally like not being a 1-man team. I remember those Redknapp years (and that one season with Bale and AVB). Those were fun, but true rollercoaster times.
The snow falling on his face makes the picture look deeper than it is.
Body crippling depression.
He needs some time as a number two. I would love to have him alongside Poch one of these days, giving the players the hair dryer when they need it.
he's the closest you can get to the pre-viral meme that was Chuck Norris. In real life, Norris is a right wing nut-job with no patience for humor. Zlatan has taken on the persona he, the media, and the fans have created AND THEN some.
it's a passionate language. after so many years of not reading spanish, that really felt nice to read.
He would be a nice squad player should Eriksen get injured. The Great Dane has been immaculate with his injury record since joining. But it never hurts to have that quality. Also, even with us doing well in the league, just remember we've been knocked out of The Champions League at the group stage. It would be nice to have that kinda skill up front for next season's challenges.
In this case, yes. His right presented a danger to others.
Maybe he's on his way out this window? Maybe that new contract was meant to provide Levy leverage when negotiating his sale. Lest we we forget, Mason got a contract as well before being sold.
They have Trippier as part of a back 4. I don't think they have realized 3-4-3 is what we are going with, which is kinda surprising since Chelsea (by extension of ex-Juventus manager) have been doing it to get their 11-game win streak.
Pochettino made the exact same rotation I did on my FIFA 17 career for the domestic cup with Spurs.
Do Atletico have that kind of financial infrastructure? I was under the impression that we are on higher financial footing than Simeone's side.
Just like the upcoming opening world cup games!
Wait, if it's not being used to mask doping, it's on par with actually masking doping? That sounds silly...
alright... let's break this down. i am asking: you think not masking doping is on par with actually masking doping? you respond: yes, because even if they are not masking doping, they could be masking doping ... do you understand why you sound ridiculous right now?
We have a Hulk
Fittingly enough, I would argue that we really only started clicking that one 5 - 3 win against ya'll 2 seasons ago. The goals haven't stopped flowing since.
Am disappoint. But am quickly comforted by the fact that for the first time in recent years, we have a reliable deputy for one of our first XI.
which Sanchez are you talking about?
wasn't until the 2nd half of last season where the mood wasn't suicidal against the Top 6 on this sub. even then, a lot of us were hesitant we would even be in top 4 this season. god damn, did we hit gold with our current manager.
Apparently, Poch is a fan. He would be a reliable deputy, but he would have to be okay with being down the pecking order behind Eriksen and Dele as the CAM. I know the attackers behind Harry interchange positions, but it's usually Christian or Dele making things happen from the center where Siggy would probably play. Then again, maybe Poch sees something I don't and can make him into the literal Thor of football. Poch has really helped some of our players reach a level I didn't think was available to them.
No joke, as a person very familiar with the subject, the man sounds defeated.
Long balls. Long balls everywhere.
If anyone asked me how to we could possibly improve football, I would have to say if we could give players exoskeletons that made this movie into a reality.
right, your continual attempts to ignore the fact that a child was in danger tells me all I need to know about you. Enjoy growing out of your teens!
TIL. All this time I assumed it was Japanese.
probably wouldn't have trump as president if the states didn't have people that believe solar power is going to make the sun go out. sadly, the states is a bunch of morons run by ingenius corporate fucks who have figured out how to keep a population complacent while forcing them ever closer to slavery.
I'm confused, are you talking assault or free speech?
This needs to be much higher. People against trade are often those who least understand how it works and it's repercussions
When are you allowed to use the term Nazi? Is it only reserved for German socialists who commit genocide? What about Turkish socialists who commit genocide? What if its a free-market advocate for Turkmenistan who promotes genocide? What is the check list before commiting someone else to an ideological group? Just checking, for a friend.
meh, I've learned to have fun at clubs. It might be because I'm spanish and dancing comes like 2nd nature, which is where I get the most attention. but just like college, people know when you are the one sobber, miserable person amongst all the people letting go. it definitely shows in your face and the only people i know that can enjoy clubbing sober are those with good poker faces.
so... by customer base, you mean selling your seduction product? Again, I don't understand why you care to establish respect with a group of online strangers. If someone challenges you, you responding outside of this sub can be as effective as talking to a brick wall. Maybe if this was /r/HowToSellYourSeductionProducts I wouldn't be giving you a hard time, but this is /r/seduction. I don't think anyone here goes to other subs to teach people seduction. this sub exists for a purpose, so that we can learn more about seduction without paying money and others can impart their wisdom on the next generation. You don't go to /r/the_donald and try to teach them the economic history of international trade...
so it can only be used to describe an individual who took part in the 20th century authoritarian movement in Germany that attempted to ethnically cleanse Europe of the Jewish people? What if you say someone is Nazi-esque? Does that work better?
I saved to gif for future innuendo usage.
Trump presidency is a comedic gold mine. When Bush Jr.'s term came to an end, I never thought there would be such an obvious target for ridicule. Wrong...
Actually, that means "[you], boil the water". What you are looking for is "El Agua Hierve". edit: It can also be "It boils, the water". The lack of comma is a tad confusing.
You don't think by hating prejudice against the children of those who committed genocide kinda removes you from any moral high ground? I mean, if everyone held onto grudges, no 3rd world country would cooperate with the developed world.
Just following your paradaigm, doesn't that put the U.S., China, and Russia as the most corrupt?
Yeah, you're just a bad christian if you don't. This guy gets it.
Why would people who live in the states try to destroy it from within? You were on track but you're swerving into tinfoil hat territory.
That was go to solution while in a cast.
Ahem, I believe the proper term is bundle of sticks. Sheesh. show some civility.
I feel like such an ass now. I wanted Ricardo Rodriguez. I wanted Davies. I wanted anyone but Rose (or Naughts) being part of the back 4 (now 5?). But the amount of work he does and the amount of pride he has for the shirt... I honestly don't deserve Danny.
Did you even read the fucking link?
I don't think his base realizes how the agreements in place already favor the U.S. These agreements were put in place before China was huge trade partner, not to mention an opportunity to place future rival economies, UK and the EU in a position where they compete with one another for trade deals, or that the certain countries in S. America are very much open to free trade. What it basically means is that the U.S. doesn't have much leverage this time round of negotiations. Despite almost a year to explain how he would negotiate better trade deals, the Cheeto President was only held accountable for saying the same red-blooded slogans over and over again. Never mind that there are videos of him saying the exact opposite, there were enough morons that bought the bullshit because he gave it to them in a pretty wrapper.
I only bust out the crayons for children who i think will be able to learn from the visual aids. in your case, I don't think that will be much help.
no. the fact that you couldn't follow what i said... and repeated **four** **times** is what makes you unbelievably stupid. and then trying to shift the focus to a typo, well, that was just the cherry on top.
shit. they must have changed the chemicals in spice, did I never felt shit like that in the 1 year i was smoking the crap. in retrospect, I should have just become a temporary alcoholic instead of doing that shit.
kinda says a lot about the movie when the best part is a guy talking to himself with the help of green screen.
one of the first things i like to bring up when someone decides to ridicule another culture simply because it's different
I also think its because it's been so long since the first Alien. Considering the follow ups were written and directed by others, Scott may not feel the need to stick to cannon as much as the fan boys/girls would like. plus as his work is an form of art, I imagine where you are in life influences your more so than in more practical work (I don't know what the proper word for "not art"-work is. But I agree with you that in an HBO format, he could probably have done the movie more justice and may have even been able to do Prometheus properly as well. oh well, the road not taken :/
alcoholism doesn't run in my family and if my health after college has been an indicator, I would only have been able to develop and support that addiction for a year or two before my kidneys would fail.
Agreed. your name is very apropos to what we are seeing on this thread. And it makes me so depressed no one was at least willing to click your link and do solo research instead of just knee-jerk reacting with a downvoted. honestly, the u.s. will elect Trump again if he doesn't get impeached. if they don't it will be only a matter of time before either side of the aisle elects one worse.
&gt; The UCMJ is federal law, enacted by Congress. The UCMJ defines the military justice system and lists criminal offenses under military law. **The law requires the President of the United States, acting as commanderin- chief of the Armed Forces, to write rules and regulations to implement military law.** Whatever your political leanings may be, we can all agree that he chose to do this during the wrong president's term.
I'm not sure if you realize, but we just had an ~~ambassador~~ consul general from Sweden do an AMA. he said the claim about Sweden is complete bullshit. But yeah dude. believe whatever none sense makes you happy edit: here it is: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/6armtf/im_leif_pagrotsky_the_consul_general_of_sweden_in/dhgy5sl/
I would argue that it's a system most Americans will have to deal with at one point or another (since, you know, highest incarceration rate in the world) which will only get worse as the inequality in the states continues to get worse (as is predicted by most theorists on inequality.)
by doing more of the interesting things you do?
well yeah... their AMA was yesterday. it's, how you say, no duh?
this is the most common reply I get from the countless neurologists I've met, right next to "we don't know".
can anyone explain or point me to a good YouTube video that explains Donnie Darko? I mean, I saw the movie and understood what happens, but I didn't get the "point of the movie". I've effortlessly understood Inception, Interstellar, and The Arrival. But Darko is the one movie i wasn't able to understand the message or theme. I would really like to see what other people rave about in that movie
ooo this sounds very interesting. I was just getting done watching some Multiverse theory videos. many thanks, brosef stalin.
I think the problem is too many of us went to see suicide squad and now Hollywood executives mistakenly believe pop music in trailers will pull in people to watch any pile of shit.... like suicide squad
I have no idea about or understand anything you just said. can you explain what you just said for an old timer?
fidget spinner... Real topical humor.
what can I say, i didn't recognize the tumbler address and what not.
that's not the whole story, though, is it? I actually should be able to relate to Chuck because I was the successful one in my family only to have my career cut short due to a medical condition doctors have a hard time treating. except mine is actually recognized by medical profession. the point is, I required help from my brothers while I was dealing with this. I would never get in the way of my brothers' success, and would gladly sacrifice my own career if it meant my brothers had fullfiling and well paid careers. and if my parents found out I tried to steal important clients from either of my brothers' fledgling solo practices, they would probably consider me the pariah and the very act a betrayal of their memory. But they are not dead. Neither are my brothers and I lawyers, so we don't get a chance to ruin each other's careers. And I'm the godfather of the first born of my family's latest generation. So it kinds makes the whole betrayal even less likely to happen. Even though I got the medical condition and what not.
&gt;and now all the boys wanna come play in the yard not apparently this boy
I, uhh, didn't think Flava Flag had a music career. As Public Enemy's hypeman, those music videos aren't technically Flava Flav's.
I imagine in one of the earths of this Multiverse, O'Reilly is the one of those middle school teachers that made all the girls uncomfortable when he got near them and did not seem to like the brown students. He would also have a tendency to talk down to people, and you hear from the "cool" teachers that he is a tool. Maybe even got into a fight with one of the gym teachers because he thought he was better than them. He teaches history and and the advanced composition course, but his classes are a pain because he makes them completely unrelatable and refuses to take the hint that his references and jokes are outdated and no one. You will occasionally hear him say some questionable shit but he can't be fired because he got tenure.
technically, the U.S. is the country with the highest emissions **per capita**. What does that mean, you say? Well, you have to consider the fact that China and India together hold 37% of the world's population. While the U.S. only has 4.4% of course, China and India are bound to have the highest levels of emissions, but it's because of the humongous populations. So that doesn't really tell us much. But how about what the average citizens of the 3 countries, how much emissions does an individial citizen (pet capita) put out per country. and this is where the whole "Imposes restrictions on the U.S. who isn't even the world's leading polluter" breaks down. (I wasn't quoting you, only trying to summarize the question I've seen a lot in this sub). The emissions rate per capita in the U.S. is the highest. so while yes, the U.S. is not the highest overall on the list, it's average citizen puts out a higher emission rate than the average citizens of any other country. Hope that explains part of your question, or at least dispells any wrong assumptions. Feel free to ask anything else. I am not a climate science expert, but I am better educated to discuss simple statistics questions like the one above and some simple orthodox macro and micro economic principals and facts. I'll do my best to answer before passing you on to more qualified people.
probably not. that damages the family name and it would be considered immoral by the whole family since we have a lot of PhDs on my dad's part of the family. unless these are desperate, world's gone to shit, I would expect my brother's to follow that golden rule "live and let live".
dude, you've come to the wrong place to offload your conspiracy theories. I'm all over this thread too, but because I am trying to do my part and dispell the many myths that people seem to believe in.
position on the world's list of largest economies doesn't mean jack diddly. developed nation does not mean "1st in world's largest economy". what did you think "developing" meant?
thanks for looking out for those odd females that show up (not that they're odd, but that there isn't that many). I don't know if it's the strip clubs I've gone to, but the guys there tend to be on the "creepy" side, even for me (XY chromosomes).
First off, don't pull that. just answer the question. you're thenone making the crazy claims. the burden is on you to explain, not me. You claim China has "more industry than the U.S.", no idea what that means. Do you have any sources? And then that these Paris Accords are just one step closer to global communism?!? what?!? how?!? please explain how cutting down emissions leads to citizens gaining control over the method of production.
wow, not only say ignorant shit, but then pretending everyone else must be as ignorant as you.
granted, though, Falcao was coming off one of the worst injuries that can happen to a player. His return was always going to be an ardous task.
uhh, I believe he plays for Monaco. yes, in fact, Monaco have his paperwork. he's just been loaned to Man U and Chelsea.
I think that documentary is the closest we'll get to finding out one way or the other. unless someone here joined the Aryan Brotherhood.
Antifa was burning down Portland?
Realistically, don't Arsenal stand a better chance of signing him? I don't think we can offer the wages they can. I think it was how Pochettino said it was, we realistically can't compete for players with the other clubs of the top 6 because the kind of wages they can offer, especially so with a new stadium being built. I imagine the wage structure will need to change a bit, if we plan on continuing to punch above our weight class. the players are having the team punch above our weight, and they will need to be compensated, else they take their services else where. If my and my colleagues' work was putting our company on the map, I would expect to be compensated as such. I hope Levy understands that such is only a realistic demand that he will have to deal with soon, if not over the summer. It would be a real shame if we finally have our team playing like champions, only for them to quit over being paid mid table club wages. I hope that a majority of our funds go to tying down at least the starting XI (and the super subs we have, like the back up FBs, one of CDMs [One of Dembele, Dier and Wanyama. All 3 never start the game together unless we got 3 at back], and Son/Lamela [again, if 3 at back, both of these guys don't start]). Luckily, we have most of these guys on long term contracts recently just signed. but if we don't pay the younger guys a fair wage for the level they are playing at, I fear our team will be dismantled.
that was my thinking. I know there is talk (as is always the case, I guess) of Wenger's transfer kitty this summer, but 87m BPS just doesn't sound like something Wenger would do.
why do people who don't know computers insist on acting like they do? As a former consultant in the IT sector, I was shocked at how many people are so clueless about computers.
wait, maybe I haven't played MII:TW in a while, but aren't Venice and Poland very far away from each other? Or are you recounting something that happened in 2 play throughs?
they are going to be the last thing they reveal. an army with massive numbers (unlike anything we've seen) with Doomwheels, and Lightning Cannons, and Jezzrail Guns, and Hellpit Abominations, and ninja rats, and the dreaded 13th spell.... oh boy! highelfs will be my main army (I've known this since they announced the trilogy) but I am still looking forward to the Skaven reveal the most, and I think CA know the hype is real AND they have the material to back it up. Until Daemons of Chaos, I think Skaven will be the most unique army in the game.
I thought maybe he made a Polish-Venetian empire after Rome fucked him over one too many times.
was that what person above you meant by his "negligence of the Dutch land army"?
&gt;And I don't just mean relations between every country and the US It sounds like he precisely knows what to do. He managed to do what no other nation has managed in 50+ years of American global domination. If the Soviet Union had managed this back in the 1950s, the world as we know it would be a lot different, and if the current White House administration is any sign, probably a lot more favorable for Soviet interests (you know, assuming communism wasn't bound to fail).
no, but your putting up straw man arguments. im not sure if you think its clever or not aware, but it doesn't help the discussion. if shit was as easy as good guys and bad guys, we would have perfected the world long ago. But it's not. And instead of having an adult discussion, you throw insults and call it a day.
interesting. so driving other's to the polls is considered a dirty trick? or just a dirty trick if the Tories do it? legitimate question here. I'm a foreigner.
I don't think this person has ever managed to leave the rural U.S. I don't think he understands that there are Christian Indians
Love this dude. Most unexpected shit comes from him. Apparently, he loves One Punch Man.
is Philly a tough crowd or something? PA has its own vibe, or so it felt as a foreigner.
uhh, don't follow. are you saying you are a senior apprentice worker at Local 6 of the SF IBEW? just want to know if something went over my head.
what's a NIMBY?
what's wrong with NOVA? We got the best food from all over the world, rich ($$) neighborhoods with low crime, easy access to the city but plenty of areas that offer a bit omthe natural side, and so many trees in our concrete jungle. I love it. Who were these people hating NOVA? rednecks? hipsters? college students who will end up having to get a job up here since this is where things matter? maybe some nature lovers that don't realize there's plenty of trees to hug here? they wouldn't be talking shit if we seceded from the state and left those hillbillies at the bottom of the income lists AND bottom of tax revenue lists.
eh, illogical argument. why would you base your guess for their upcoming title on their performance of a game they released in 2013, instead of their performance on the game they released a year ago? not to mention the patch a year later fixed Rome 2 to what they intended. but before you complain about the year we had to wait to get the rome 2 we were promised (which is a legitimate complaint, rome 2 was unplayable at times), do take note that they obviously applied what they learned to their follow up, Atilla. It's not like these guys were making the same mistakes over again. I say that because Atilla also wasn't as impressive as, say, ME2(a good sequel, btw). But, again, they took the time to listen to the community and applied everything they learned and delivered possibly and arguably the best TW to date. Now, based on all of the impression people have had with WH2, it seems they are still listening to our concerns, criticism, and feedback and apply everything they learned to improve on their best selling game. And you are guessing how it will go based on Rome2?
Hey OP. I believe it was Party Elites's interview with them that seemed to indicate there would be a 3rd mechanic similar to Vampire and Chaos corruption. Before they could say the words, they said they couldn't talk about it but that the two existing corruption mechanics would work the same. I'm going to look for it for you. But in the meantime, I will speculate that given their reaction to the question and how they were struggling to answer it but couldn't completely because this was part of a later reveal - My guess is Skaven corruption or ruination. Lorewise, Skaven can't just invade any settlement at any time they wish. They usually wait until conditions are just right (such as political instability, having just fended off Chaos/orcs/undeaded, chaos wins causing mutations in the populace, natural disasters, etc) before they start their invasion. EDIT: [Here @ 12:50](https://youtu.be/ShrgPHWTQ-A#t=12m50s)
I was about to question the legitimacy of this claim till I saw that the U.S. is the third most populace country. If the U.S. ever went all North Korea on the world and implemented the same military policies as them, they would have the largest standing army in the world. surprising stufd
you're the only person talking about that pointless shit..
if only we could stop supporting you with our taxes (including the conservatives who live here and don't mind it as much as you rural folk), then we could split cleanly. But my guess is that since the rest of Virginia probably needs us, they probably wouldn't let us succeed.
I thought the same about Blood Knights. In the end, they were the first FLC, but the same could precisely happen to Phoenix Guard, Dragon Princes, and any other unit. My guess it that it will either be the Phoenix, the older Moon and Star dragons, or one of the bow elites (i.e. Shadow Warriors or Sisters of Avelorn). The high elf roster is as bigger than the Vampire Counts (at least the edition I played). So we shouldn't be surprised if they save some units for RoR DLCs, like Grim and the Grave and Warlord and what not (Orc and Dwarf), that also provided units missing in the original rosters. With that in mind, I also have my doubts about all the High Elf chariots, lord and hero options options, legendary lords and heroes, and units. Some people are pretty sure we won't see the Lothern Seaguard, but I used to love those guys for themed armies, and could see them being way better than the TT counterparts, since there doesn't need to be reformation or having to give up shooting phases to brace for impact.
I would be sad if the Phoenixses were not included. But I imagine they would come out like the Blood Knights, another unit I was sad not to see in release.
Very nice, I give you props for persevering all the way through the end part of the campaign - after you've taken down your main rival, it's just a matter of painting the rest of the map :/
Warhammer, if you don't have it. It's honestly the best Total War to date and part of a trilogy, if you end up liking the first one and want more.
I knew there were fans of the Shadow Warriors, I feel for you. My favorite unit is the Swordmaster and Phoenix Guard, so I can imagine if either were not in the roster for release. I personally thought they would at least include one of the Special ranged units; the Sisters of Avelorn or Shadow Warriors. But both? There are a lot of units missing and dragons were added because every race needs a dragon I guess. Personally, I wanted to see some of the more exotic chariots and I hope they are on the menu for DLC.
&gt;no Always Strikes First, but Martial Prowess been reinterpreted to give a buff at either Full Strength or 50% strength. Perfectionist, so once models drop melee power will take a big dive. Unit strength scales heavily with health bar, but under 50% is a really bad spot for your guys Martial Prowess doesn't seem to grant the benefits of Always Stoke First. First off, what kind of buff does it grant melee attack. And secondly, once you are at 50% you lose this? Definitely not as useful as ASF. Perfectionist sounds stupid. How is that a helpful trait at all? Unless I misunderstood, you lose a lot of melee attack once you drop to around 50%? So not only perfectionist kicks in and Martial Prowess wears off at the same time? That seems incredibly crippling.
I was looking forward to the skycutter as well... Nothing like a flying eagle claw bolt thrower. I feel like the roster is not as flexible as the tabletop was.
they have longer range but might not do the kind of damage, nor can they fire and move or the option to take special ammunition.
This is why I am not worried if we lose Walker. Poch can make the best out of any fullback, he's already doing it with Davies and Trippier. I was hoping Kyle would get his testimonial, but I guess he would rather play tiki-taka or bus parking.
I imagine only children have yet to have a situation where they realize the benefits of a police force
You don't have a right to send death threats, you thick fuck.
You're not allowed to send death threats, how can you dumbasses at the bottom of this thread not get that? how do you do these mental gymnastics to miss the reason why this cunt was sent to jail.
when it's not relevant to the conversation, you normally don't bring it up so you don't sound like a 7 year old. for example, the Irish and slavery is not relevant and you sound like a 7 year old for bringing it up
he was consistent for half a season. the season before and after. they actually had a relegation battle once and almost a second time after winning the title. That's the consistency of Mahrez.
You're a moron. Please stop spreading your idiocies.
Chamakh was going bald. If we're gonna play that, we gotta bring up Conte prior to his hair transplant
I think people only reacted the way they did was because Trump's admin tried to play it off in the most bizarre way. Instead of saying it's a typo, their story was that Trump was making a statement only his supporters would understand. It's like they've never heard of the Streisand effect and they are on Twitter all the god damn time.
boo this man
Are people here confident we can get him, or are we just basking in the circlejerk? Not that I mind, I am just wondering if we really have a chance with so many rival clubs competing for his signatute, many of which can pay more than us. At one point or another, Levy is going to have to raise the wage gap, it's the only way you can move to the next tier. You can't pay players who are performing at the highest the wages of a mid-table club. There are too many rich clubs that will always give them larger paychecks.
I'm not a smart person by any stretch of the definition, but even I thought a lot of their jokes were poorly informed and often times very dated stereotypes about academically inclined individuals.
I got a very 5 element-vibe from the visuals. I am down with that if they got the music to go with it.
Wow, that was quick. How many tournaments has he won for them already?
god, you are the worst example of the average redditor, and a source of embarrassment for this community
I'm sorry, didn't mean to call you out on being a virgin.
Didn't they say that The Old Friend would be a small thing? Something along the lines of, "the opportunity came up and they took it". If you can find an upcoming holiday that can tie into Krell (Halloween?), that could be an appropriate sized content for their description. But didn't they say it would be some time in late/after summer?
ya, and I am sure you guys will survive this coming PL season But to go from the championship back to the PL probably means you still be somewhere in the middle of the table by the end of the season. Unless that was what the person above me meant by "decent again".
What did Ellen Pao do that makes her a piece of shit?
the crap coming out of you?
brilliant stuff there
it's funny how absolutely no one means "literally" whenever they use that term.
The crap coming out your mouth?
Will depend a lot on how fast Pochettino can get the first team playing comfortably in Wembley. If we get a repeat of our time there last season, I really doubt any academy players will get much time this coming season until the very tail end of our season (or if we get knocked out of the CL group stage again).
well if that's the case, it sounds like you guys are still set up to dominate next season. at least Porto shouldn't be a concern, unless they pull a Monaco.
-If they are planning to re-work the older factions to address power creep, what faction do they feel needs the most immediate attention?
But... why?
so then, how does the mentality of Russians during the invasion by the German military during WW2 compare to Britain's having to deal with a small number of nutjobs with knives and cars? I have a hard time trying to believe that the two conflicts are in any way similar and as such, makes for a very poor metaphor. as is the ideas you are espousing.
wait, a large enough amount of Puerto Ricans are people? what is the other amount?
that's not the requirement for becoming a state, I hate to inform you.
the huge debt is already part of U.S.' books. their status as a state doesn't change that.
You obviously don't understand how government debt works (never mind the fact that the U.S. has proportionally more debt than PR). Just stop talking, you sound like an idiot.
some people in the states have a sick and twisted notion of loyalty and patriotism, though at the same time would have no problem gunning down the other half of the country, simply because they hold a different set of beliefs. there are plenty of good people in the states, but there is this prevalence of philosophical dogma that is quite disturbing, at least for the supposed "leader of the free world". these days, leader of the "fuck you, I got mine" part of the world.
but they don't... honestly, do you even know where the state of CA ranks on the states tax revenue? economic performance? You sound like you would shoot your foot off because you can't untie your shoelaces....
eh, they still have a lot of material to go through. Let's strike High Elfs, Dark Elfs, Lizardmen, and Skaven from the list. What is left? 4 armies of the Daemons of Chaos, Tomb Kings, Ogre Kingdoms, and Chaos Dwarfs. But I think there will be a lot of unit pack DLCs that add in missing units. And most of the content of game 3 will focus on the Global Grand Campaign, as we've hit almost all the important landmarks. Really, after Dark Elfs, Skaven, Greenskins, Vampire Counts, Beastmen, and Warriors of Chaos, the only threats left are the Chaos Gods, Nagash, and the occasional Ogre Kingdom incurssion. The Antarctic of the Warhammer world is a massive continent full of Beastmen, so I doubt anyone would want to set foot there. The Asia of Warhammer doesn't really have much going on. That doesn't mean I don't think we'll see Araby, Ind, Cathay, and Nippon. But not much really happens there, except Araby which is close to the Tomb Kings.
I believe it is the one. I am curious to see how new content for WH1 will be handled after WH2 is released.
Can anyone make out what is in that corner? Let's get on this, internet sleuths!
It's not just the right, though. I've met Americans on the left that are just as nuts, if not more so because they happen to be on the side that is marginally better. this gives those idiots the impression that their beliefs are part of the mainstream. isn't that how you ended up with that crazy guy that was cutting up people in Portland? he was a Sanders supporter to begin with. in the end of the day, idiots find their way to both side of the aisle.
oh... and here I came to ask this very question.
Yeah dude, clearly anyone who disagrees with you is a troll. That is the sign of a "true critical thinker". you must also be "very smart".
oo, that's cute. I can Google for pages online that support my point of view too. Did you just learn this skill?
I think the saddest part about your very existence, at least from what I've gathered about you as an individual from sparse exchanges we've had, is your choice of username and the fact that you didn't recognize that as you were creating it. "TrueCriticalThinker"... could you take yourself anymore fucking seriously? and the fact that you view "critical thinking" as some activity you should get a merit badge to parade around internet strangers, shows your lack of "critical thinking", a misguided notion on how to promote such ideals, and a sorry lack of experience that is as frustrating as it is pathetic. go back to annoying your relatives on Facebook with your "ideas".
Seriously, based on the shit you keep typing, it seems like you were not aware, or ever going to be on your own, about how moronic your username is. It would have been like seeing an adult that is still scared of the dark or still believes in Santa. unless... you're not an adult. That would explain so much.
Yeah, because conversations with you would approach anything resembling intelligent... I hold my breath in anticipation....
Old Friend is supposed to be a small thing tied to an event late in the summer. The pre-order bonus is a race pack that had been hinted at around the same time the timeline for the Old Friend content was discussed. The new race pack had been hinted at, this pre-order bonus confirms it. The Old Friend, separate content, was known about for a while now - even if none of the details were. Lastly, they said that the new race pack was going to be a rework of an existing faction. I guess that points to Norsca, which is kinda disappoint.
I mean, that kinda goes against all the information we've been provided. I mean, sure, Daemons or Tomb Kings could be the 4th race, but so could Stormcast Eternals if we are playing this game.
I have stopped caring about downvotes. People have to be called out for their bullshit. And the worst part was the moment I mentioned idiots on the left, some moron starts insulting me and calling me a Trump supporter.... it's almost like they heard a call. It's like you disagree with these nimrods, and you are automatically a Trump supporter. me, with a user name referencing an Argentine footballer who plays in Spain, am also likely to be a Trump voter... right... not to mention anybody could just look at my post history to see whether your assumptions about my political leanings are correct...
I am willing to be some of their army abilities will be unlocked by the sacrificing of slaves. Would be a missed opportunity if this lore aspect isn't used.
If anyone is shocked basketball players were not fans of Trump, I would be surprised.
Donald Trump is impeached.
okay...
I find it hilariously depressing that anyone would build a cult of personality around one of life's biggest underachievers. Even as president, he will be remembered in most history books as a joke if not, a traitor. Either that or pretty soon we will be seeing a President Camacho governing the U.S. via Twitter polls.
that's an odd way to spell Super Smash Bros.
sounds like someone has been spending time on /r/seduction ;)
eh, I doubt it has anything to do with genetics. it's more like dumb parents are very unlikely to have the knowledge to raise intelligent children. And with the U.S.' love of academia, it's no surprise the lack of intelligence coming out of there.
I really don't see a Carnosaur taking on a Greater Daemon
Not sure how he underachieved. A man growing up with a single mother, gets himself into Harvard, became a lawyer, then Harvard Law professor, then Illinois senator, then president. Unless Obama's dad also gave him a huge inheritance to start out in life, then no. Trump wins that title by a huge margin.
End of January looks fucking ridiculous. Man U, Liverpool, then Scum.
lol, you don't know what Evo is but you are talking about competitive fighting games.... okay, I'll let that one go. You are talking about NRS games. But what do the best players use? Because it certainly isn't Scuf's or Xbox controllers.
yeah.. but you were spewing none sense.... anyways, I've already told you. I've owned both and liked ps controllers better for how they felt on my hand. End of story. Don't get so triggered just because someone doesn't like the same things you do...
awesome response man, you got the sickest responses. everyone says that.
cute
thick dark curtains on all the windows.
What patterns have you started to notice?
What I would do is surround that person's car with shopping car after shopping cart. If you really want to send a message, get some zip ties to make sure those door handles are use any time soon. Don't bother emergency responders with crap like this. Take the matter into your own hands...
why would you bring up race, sex, or transgenders into this? that's probably why everyone here is downvoting you.
he didn't place the /s because he didn't think he needed it, but guess again. also, I don't blame you, if I am being completely honest. I've met enough morons on this site to make me question whether he's being legit or facetious.
Are you getting tired of winning yet?
oh great, is it What-about-ism time again?
god... don't you realize when you sound like a moron?
Not really... If you go around judging people by their bumper stickers (unless it was low brow shit), I wonder how you get to know anyone in this country.
I am actually betting we'll get a sneak peak of some daemon units, kinda like how we see a Lord of Change during the final chaos invasion.
I don't follow. I guess English is not your first language... typical immigrants.
very disappointed not only in My times, but the fact that this is on this sub in the first place.
but what about leather?
I didn't know Obama was being backed by the Russians
Totally, and it's the main reason why guns are so readily available. The people buy up the propaganda that they need guns because their lives are in danger and that the government is out to steal their stuff. Made for them by the NRA, paid for by arms manufacturers. And yet, the politicians who get their donations from the same organizations, are trying to get guns in the hands of every citizen, yet afraid to go out to town hall meetings because "dangerous people might have guns", and is unwilling to provide economic assistance to the very group most likely to have to resort to crime and violence to provide for their families, while trying to deny access to birth control to the young men and women most likely to bring children into that violent world of poverty and unprepared child parents. It's a sick vicious cycle that one has to wonder if it's by design. Leave the poor with no I option but crime, make guns accessible to everyone, remove access to birth control in these areas so more generations are born into that mess, and bam! you've got the perfect reason for people to be afraid and buy guns. bonus points, you can legislate for private prisons, minimum mandatory sentences, then contract out the cheap workforce with that private prison firm you have financial ties in. I believe they call that the "Sessions maneuver" in the states.
I read the books before the show. While it's true Martin has some storylines going nowhere (Brienne comes to mind) I actually prefer his story telling in some instances. for example all of the descriptions of the flashbacks Dany has basically telling you that Jon was Lyanna's son, or how they foreshadowed the conflict between King Robert and Ned. I think worst of all were how there was no Northern conspiracy and basically it was Jon getting saved at the last moment after making the most monumentally retarded move in charging at Ramsey's army all alone. That was not GRR Martin's work. Or worst, how they basically made Stannis into a Saturday morning cartoon villain. He was a dick, but no amount of desperation could have made him burn his daughter, he was a man of principle and would have known that doing that shit would have cost him his men. I also loathed how they killed of Baristen Selmy. The books have him set up to lead one of the most intriguing city defenses I've ever read about, and as an avid fan of pre-individually firearm equipped soldier warfare, like Hellenistic, Roman, post-Roman, and medieval eras, with a bit of Napoleonic conquest years. the battle that was shaping up to take place would have been an epic 300-like last stand, but instead we got Dang lighting one enemy ship on fire, meh :-/. also the giant chain was missing from the Battle of the Blackwater, kinda making Tyrion's plan not seem as cool. also, WTF is up with the sandsnakes? they were planning on avenging Oberyn's death in a trial by combat.... by killing his older brother and nephew, and usurping the throne of Dorne from the Martells and ending his family name?!?! forreal?!? at least Arriane's plan made sense (which btw, how could I know of her if I didn't read the books?). Or Arya strolling around Bravos before she leaves, unarmed despite her knowing that the waif was trying to kill her. I agree that some scenes added by HBO were better, like Arya with Tywin, the stand off between Olenna and Tywin, but I think Renly's relationship with Loras was at least hinted at as Loras said to Tyrion Lannister "when the sun has set, no candle can replace it". definitely, some character arcs improved, but some were made from worse to maddeningly stupid (sandsnakes). not to mention, there were some sex scenes that were placed there because there hadn't been enough boobs in a while, but I guess that's HBO for you (like Jaime raping Cersai).
no.
where did this come from? based on the conversations I have with half of my white American friends, it seems like 50% of the adult population past the age of 40 is incapable to understanding what "fake news" really is. Is this how you ended up with Trump or is my view on white America bleaker than it should be?
something rotten.com or rotten.com? it sounds familiar to a website that was all the rage when I was a kid.
what is your further confusion?
I wouldn't bring up Spain. These people think the Spanish are somehow the same thing as people from South and Central America. Or as I've heard them call it, "Mexico".
just out of curiosity, why are people hating on their shields? I keep seeing comments similar to this one. If it's the color scheme, I can understand. High Elf armies are traditionally blue and white color schemed.
I don't think anyone wants you specifically to do anything. This picture here is what we, in the academic profession, call a "joke".
umm, England was first to industrialize.
lol Americans. not to mention Russia won the race to space. But yeah, keep celebrating about how you guys have a hockey team that won some game.
the metric system never made sense?!? didn't you ever do any sciences in school
Yes, I suppose. But I don't know what that has to do with the magic mechanics.
I just hope there is an "Emperor Edition" like they did for Rome 2. Maybe they only did it for Rome 2 because of how bad the release was, but a boy can dream.
your reply is the best one here. I would pick you to describe TW:WH to all my friends who don't known thing about WHFB. just one thing, I would change on Wood Elfs so that don't sound so homicidal to all none Wood Elfs , I believe you get Amber from military alliances (and maybe defensive ones as well? i only played the wood elf solo campaign to get the red duke, and I kinda rushed through it for the same reason) as well. I mean sure, when Wood Elfs were first implemented into the Grand Campaign, they conquered everything in site because maybe the A.I. also thought you could only get more Amber by conquering. With all the fuckery happening around Athel Loren with Beastmen, Greenskins, and the pesky Dawi which are your neighbors, I would imagine that the Wood Elfs would do their best to keep the Empire and Bretonnia alive to act as buffet between them and greater Chaos and Mousillon threats. But I guess the A.I. was one bloodthirsty fuck.
I don't think it's killing him, in the sense that he might go to jail. This man's logic is so faulty and reminds of a 5 year old's way of thinking, he probably thinks that if still has enough inheritance money he will be able to lawyer his way through this, and that his kool aide drinkers will be able to find proof of all this being one giant conspiracy of the Liberals, with the media, and China, and Iran, and Muslims, and socialists, and maybe even the military in area 51. What is killing him is the idea that this Russian intervention cheapened his victory - he feels that people think he didn't win because of his charisma, intelligence, and political points of view alone, as well as his ability to "win". If prosecutors found proof that Russians did collude with the orange one, I could imagine the idiot being more concerned with getting people to know that despite this, the win was all his doing. I mean, didn't the idiot admit to firing Coney because of the Russia investigations while doing an interview? the man is self absorbed, petty, and dumb enough to implicate himself in a crime only because he thinks somehow people will respect him more. either that or he is that ignorant about how laws work, too lazy to learn what his attorneys are probably telling him is important, and probably grew up so sheltered, that he isn't even aware how the average citizen interacts with the law.
Gotcha. And I am not complaining. The Bretonnia patch was amazing! Thank you so much for all the great work you do. But I just wish there were plans to take a look at the first factions and apply some of the lessons you've learned since launch to their campaign mechanics specifically. As I'm sure you used to seeing by now, but compared to everything else Warriors of Chaos' campaign needs some love, it's a painful way to play the game. I'm not sure what your plans are in the regard. I just fear for how the old factions will be treated after WH2 comes out, but the fact that you guys will be implementing things like the Bretonnian trait system across the board, and breath attacks on all dragons, new and old, I am a bit reassured about the work you guys are doing.
oh my b. I must have missed that
i do believe that one of the army abilities of the Lizardmen is to teleport a unit of feral cold ones on the battlefield. I personally don't mind the move unit 10 inches/20, it's a teleport spell but without the word "teleport". It provides the same benefit.
I mean, they can tell you that all they want, but unless we see proof of Slann being powerful, it doesn't matter what they say, right?
Maybe he's not into hugging at the moment?
Ethel, Enid, and those old lady names.
I have no idea what you are talking about, if you were trying to make sense, that is.
Do you just accept whatever anyone tells you as the truth? You must have had a hard time with MK Ultra.
[I've got news for you.](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/CakjE)
God damn. How can the price of real estate be rising in a market where none of the consumers can afford to buy?
Anything by Rage Against the Machine can be considered hype. Their entire catalogue was my go to gym music for the longest time. **"ALL. HELL. CAN'T STOP US NOW"**
Does this means they gave up on Walker? And here I was looking forward to the 60m for a 27 year old right back.
I can actually dig that. I personally hate submissive (personality, nothing to do with the bedroom) women and it's one of the clearest signs a relationship will not work out for me.
and some Americans wonder why the rest of the world has such low views of them.. "they hate us because of our freedoms"... herpa derp...
I am honestly very jealous I didn't come up with this idea first. This would have taken much less work to implement than my Porndora idea...
I really liked his song... if only it was longer than 5 secs.
that piss flavored water they serve here?
no, don't force yourself to approach. Keep being shy, continue to beat around the bush and send mixed signal, whatever you do. after doing this for a couple months, a girl will notice all the amazing qualities you posses, almost as if through telepathy! then she will spread the word to all her girlfriend how good the dick is. then you will be swimming in the pus. no doubt about it.
age is only a big deal if you make it a big deal.
Wasn't it the best selling game from CA? I mean, people can shit on them all they want. I'm sure they will wipe down their tears with all that cash they got out of it.
You don't have to move mountains to be powerful. But if you are as powerful as an Empire Battle mage, then are you anything special? Actually, given CA's new way of investing points for spells (One level to get spell, another to have lower CD, a 3rd to be able to Overcast) means the average WH1 spellcaster will be more useful than Teclis and Mazdamundi. And that's just depressing. especially with how useless Balthazar Felt came out to be... You hear me CA? Don't fucking make a 2nd and 3rd Balthazar Gelt with the supermen of the Warhammer world.
wait, people had expectation from the 5th movie by Michael Bay about robots that transform into American cars that was originally a ploy to sell toys? no....
At one point, he was a good doctor. But now it seems that he is chasing politics because all of medical malpractice suits won't let him near patients... He was a good doctor. But the key operative word here is "was"
https://youtu.be/gi-TBlh44gY mathematical explination for why we eat pizza the way we do.
But your not really conquering approach anxiety. you are meeting these people because both of you have to. why not just make it less awkward and approach women you meet at parties? That's how I started when I was young.
isn't this what happened in The Day After Tomorrow? what could we realistically see in this scenario?
yeah, I figured we wouldn't be getting Dennis Quid tracking through an artic NYC. thanks for the insight!
how about a round 80m? I've always liked that number and god knows what we could do with that money. hell, we'll give them Walker if they pay for our stadium.
I would prefer he stay, we give him a pay raise, and he gets his testimonial. Him and Rose have been here for a long ass fucking time. There goes the longest serving player on the squad if we sell him.
wait, do you go around telling people you meet "hey, I have migraines"?
flock of what? like, flock of hot babes in bikinis? because i would do anything for my flock of hot babes
ah, okay. I can understand that. I have to do the same, and my close friends and family know how bad it can get.
wow, you just spoke about how you hate how fragile egos can be here, and here you go having a hissy fit because I criticize how you deliver your message? Are you that unaware of your self or a moron?
"tell the truth".. laughable... What advice are you talking about? all this post was a rant about how you don't like somethings and then tacky self promotion at the end. For someone who claims not to care what people think, you sure lash out like someone with some very delicate sensibilities.
while the tax payers continue to pay for those rat fuckers' top of the line insurance plan..
if Barkley does come over, I hope it is for a much lower price. We need somebody on the wings to help keep up our goal scoring feats, not another player behind Kane. Even if Alli isn't playing there, Eriksen can do a better job than Barkley. In all honesty, he would be 3rd choice for his prefered spot, and I just don't see his current price reflecting that
I really think we have to see what Poch can do with K-Tripps. We were all sure Rose was going to be sold with the incoming Ben Davies, and he became the best LB in the league. Walker is the best at the moment, but his game requires a lot of athleticism. At 27, how much longer can he keep that up? Tripp's gameplay is more based around whipping the ball accurately into the box. Given play time, I could see Kieran being more effective.
are you really comparing North Korea to Nazi Germany?!?!
tinfoiler foiler fact: I found the Russian plant
I think I would probably end up in jail or prison if someone laid a finger on my mother.
Superfreakonomics would probably not be on Ann Coulter's list. Especially after the first one claimed that access to abortion for women actually lowers crime rates.
you forgot those damn dirty immigrants
oh damn. all this time I thought it was just bad acting. now I feel like a douche
that's precisely the case. no one would give a shit if they were performing like the Man U of old. But to being paying world record breaking fees, coming in at 6th, and playing with such mediocrity at home, that shit like dab university comes off like they are focusing on the wrong thing. like practicing goal celebrations when you can't even score...
I imagine I go to jail for punching someone in the face for touching my mom. I image I would go to prison for killing someone if they harm my mom.
I don't think that will be so much illegal. as it is peoole smoking trees outside.
ah, I see that's the same tired argument everyone that isn't performing well tries to pull off. cute.
it is, I am really liking it so far. Combat could use some work, though.
I think the reason for that is because he could continue to fuck the game up with his actions as a FIFA exec, were he not banned. He can't really contribute to the game on the field at his age. I know that it's not like he chose to age, but the now seems to bear more weight than the past in people's mind when they judge a public figure. And besides, I've never seen anyone badmouth his playing days. Just like Maradonna, everyone says he was class. But just like Maradonna, his actions in later life marked him as an example of greed and the influence of money in the modern game.
1. your entire argument hinges on what flair I am rocking? honestly, all I have to do is change my flair to a team that rakes in as much money or has the same history as yoyrs, and you suddenly sound like an idiot. 2. are you comparing what you guys are achieving to what spurs are? I don't know if your dumbass realizes how much money you spent for the last 3 seasons. But yeah, by all means, you guys are definitely getting your moneys worth. you should be very content where you are.
yeah, I just noticed. 2 hours of gameplay and I just saw my first execution.
start with 30g to 50g of poppy seeds..make sure it's the right kind of seeds. if 30g to 50g don't work **DON'T MAKE MORE FOR 24 HRs**. You can OD quite easily chasing this high. Try a dose, wait 24 hours, go up in dosage. Put seeds in a tall container. I prefer the bigger Gatorade bottles. fill container with enough (cold) lemon or lime juice to have all the seeds floating. the seeds are denser, so will clump up to the bottom and you won't be able to tell if they have enough liquid to float as you fill it up with the liquid. You will have to fill, seal and shake a bit, check if all the seeds float, rinse and repeat. You want all the seeds getting washed from all sides. Once filled, leave seeds soaking for 10 minutes. I personally like to stir the bottle around for a bit to ensure the seeds don't settle at the bottom of the bottle and some of them will no longer be soaking. After 10 minutes, strain out the liquid onto a cup. depending on your preference, add more lemon/lime juice to help mask the bad taste (it's not bad at first, but now I tend to get a bit queasy if the flavor is too strong). **Bonus bits** Don't heat up seeds, they will lose potency. and maintain seeds you are not using completely dry. if they get and stay wet while in storage, they will have lost potency by the time you use them. lastly, every bag is different. it would be impossible to get an idea of how potent (and therefore deadly) each different batch is without the proper lab equipment and training. And I'm assuming you don't have either of these, so be careful with each new bag. good luck.
oh god, a redpiller trying to come out as the voice of reason. now I've seen everything.
This idiot.... Way to go Americans, this guy represents you on the world stage.
Obama is everything Trump tries to sell himself as. So of course, when Obama stands for things Trump doesn't believe in/wasn't educated on, he hates him.
No new information has come up between now and the 2 days ago he was calling this stuff "fake news". In fact, prior to this, I hadn't seen that many Trump posts in a couple of days. It seems more like one of his usual online rants/hissy fits. Actually, I correct myself. The only news that came out recently was that Trump is considering firing the special prosecutor looking into Russia's intervention in the elections, which was in it of itself also demonstrating how stupid this moron can still get. I am not American, my country has actually been thriving while all this has been going on. But I find it interesting to know that the leader of the world's most influential country (and unless you live in a country that is just introducing electricity to your population, the U.S. affects your economy) a couple days ago thought it was a good idea to say he might fire the guy in charge of investigating wrong doing by a foreign agent in U.S. elections because he might be part of the investigation. And now, he seems to throw himself in under the bus by admitting the claims, he said are fake, are now true for the purpose to badmouthing a retired President? Even if you don't care about Russia, the fact that an idiot is running the country that can bankrupt the world should be concerning to you.
seems to me that world leaders should not try to communicate with their citizens through a medium that only allows 140 characters. that's some Orwellian shit right there.
again, unless you can point me to the decreasing inequality in your country with lower taxes on the rich, whatever bullshit you say is going to amount fuck all.
so laughing would be a no go?
that's precisely the point. you can change presidents all you wamt, it doesn't seem to make a change in your country.
But what about during those tense standoffs where the guys insult each others before a fight? I see people on YouTube "playing along". while I find it hillarious and tend to laugh. that's the part I am having a tough time with. if a dude brings out his elderly parent who just beat cancer, yeah I know not to laugh. but i find the pretend drama to be funny. I can't get into the story and cheer one or the other. that would be like, to me, hating on Lena Headey for doing a good job as Cersei Lannister.
you are welcome to share your opinion. this isn't another one of those posts were some Assholes tells you he is telling you "the truth" and then shits on others simply because they do the same shit as him. this is an open forum. share your thoughts, not your whining.
I personally think you guys have to 1. get more political parties and 2. get rid of winner takes all. You will be stuck playing tribal politics till the end of time if you don't change something.
if Costa Rica was in SA, their problem would be even worse. having to compete with Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Colombia. Would definitely see as many headlines as Peru, Venezuela, and Paraguay.
your actually wrong there, on the last part. Iker Casillas' distribution ranged from 70 to 80% in his last 4 seasons at Real Madrid, which is better than Navas his past 3 seasons, where he ranged from 70% to 77%, as per squawka. Where are you getting your information from.
I agree with your sentiment. Especially since I've worked several years as a consultant in D.C. Also, you would be shocked/disappointed to learn about the number of people working in national security who also fell for those IRS scammers. the day my supervisor shared those numbers with us also meant we would be staying late and working on how people so gullible were given top secret security clearance and how they could be major IT security risks.
I hope you are right. I hope nothing but the very best for the U.S. and I just hope her citizens do their country justice, instead of voting for unqualified jackasses. my country just elected a Princeton educated, former hedge fund manager and Secretary of economy (we don't have the exact same political positions) for president. you guys elected a reality t.v. star with a long history of shady business practices. we are suppose to elect the crooks, and you guys the trained professionals. is honestly never expected to see a case like this happen.
all this time I thought power ultimately laid in the hands of the voters in the u.s. guess that is just naive thinking.
why do you resort to beating someone into a coma? you've never heard of talking to people? Jesus, I pray to God no one gives you a fire arm.
I can see someone doesn't understand how government works.... just like the current president.
another win for us?
yeah. I hadn't touched my meds in a month. as soon as the heatwave in June started, I started getting intractable migraines.
you say most in the U.S., yet he became your president...
wait. so the Russian stories are real? and he wanted Trump to win? are you stupid or did you fall on your head recently?
kinda crazy when you realize that the only countries in line with the U.S.' views of left-right are where authoritarians are in power.
I see someone doesn't understand how international trade works
creepy dude
they had control of the house, not the senate. you guys decided that the only thing better than Republicans in charge of the house was giving them control of the Senate as well.
yeah... sure. keep telling yourself that
the best way to get a feel for it, prepare her and yourself for it, and make it come out natural, is to be touching her the entire date. right away you will know if/she is down to do it. and by just touching her, you will be building anticipation in yourself (as well as her) so that when you guys can no longer contain it and the moment is right, it will come out naturally. Also, touching will tell you if she feels comfortable. Let's say she has just recovered from a week long stomach virus she didn't want to mention. She might be really into you, but in no mood for anyone not close to her to touch her (some people prefer to be left alone when in distress). by touching her during the date, you will get a feeling for when she is ready, if she is in the mood, and what not. warning though, don't be touching her all the god damn time like a weirdo. try to take her hand and lead her. hug her. gently push her if you are teasing each other. you know? play it cool. I've seen too many guys take the physical contact thing too far and end up looking like a 5 year old that didn't get hugs. hope that helps.
sorry, that just seems overly complicated. I prefer to accomplish all of that with a simple hug. But kudos to you for finding your style. honestly, that's the best thing you can do, have a style that suits you best.
this place fosters a different kind of mentality compared to TRP, incels, and all those other groups that wrestle with the concepts of attraction and romance.
proceed to BM you the whole match? what is BM? But yeah. total vs doing that shit
no, cheese comes from the tabletop. it basically means bringing only overpowered units that can automatically win you the game because if the unfair advantage they provide in numbers. imagine an army of all steam tanks or Dragon Ogre Shaggoths. people hate on it because winning with such an army requires no skill.
lmao. do you ever take off the tinfoil hat or has it merged with your skin by now?
wow, you morons will find any way to complete mental gymnastics.
Americans don't like to be told they are wrong, or so I've noticed. You could be giving them constructive criticism and they will still kirk out on you because you are not telling them they are right.
"hi, do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and savior, Jesus?"
for Dwarfs, it's the only strategy.
why not both?
uhh, no. he was not one of pep's go to guys. that was messi, xavi, iniesta, and bequests. Where did you get that from?!
he came off the bench several timea and his commitment to the national team caused some issue between him and Pep. the fact that he was sold a season later goes to show he was not an integral member of the team.
yeah... that doesn't make difference.
that we *could*. we are not a rich club and we are not poor. but 40m for a player is still out of our reach. just out of curiosity, what makes your claim that we could valid? I am basing my claim on past history. you are basing you claim on...?
I really doubt Wenger is going to care that much. He has two years on his contract. If anything, the board probably tasked him with steadying the ship and get you guys ready for the next manager. Alexis leaving for City would be such a small event in the grand scheme of what you guys have to be doing these next two seasons.
I see someone doesn't know how negotiations and contracts work, lol.
