" 'Blow up Betty' is in the box on the top shelf, Mr. Carey."
[Bob Johnson] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFHlJ2voJHY) ^...oh ^,wait.
[One of these.] (http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/funny-nose-glasses-disguise-front-view-groucho-marx-mustache-isolated-white-background-34641069.jpg) I guarantee you'll have a good time just going about your daily routine wearing these in public.
[For the ~~Stupid~~ Uninitiated] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RUBEXtWLdE)
I hate to imagine how many bindles of the pot that kid is going to inject when he grows up.
Well hey, problem solved!
[Or worse, you get a weird combination of the two. (Sorry for the small image.)] (http://assets.amuniversal.com/700f4f605dc2012ee3bf00163e41dd5b)
"Sure they could. I used to melt carbonite beams on the farm back home, they're no weaker than steel." (Don't fact check that, please, the force is not strong with this one.)
That my mom's been reading my bank statements for the last four months.
["I ATE THE CANNOLI!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZd6enuJGx0)
"My fellow Americans..."
I can't keep up, I need to fix my hearing aid!
[The only response.] (http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/750/629/8ec.gif)
I'll be honest, I'm not entirely sure. The story's been floating around for some time, so there may be some inaccuracies, but we are certain that there was an attempt at unionization, and everybody was laid off.
Part of it is that the new hire InDoc process has been thoroughly streamlined, to the point that if we have ten applicants in training on monday and only one sees it out to friday, the company is still turning a profit on that one new hire. The downside is all of our new guys know jack shit about how the job is actually done, which leaves the old guard (me and maybe two dozen other guys out of a crew of 150+) to teach them how to do their job, while doing their job. Ironically, this is part of what causes this company's huge turnover rate.
["*This is crack.*"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLZptx6UQLk)
Well, it's been through four accidents, two of which were when the car was in my possesion, both of which were my fault, and one of which was major damage to the front end because I fell asleep and ran a red light (Protip: don't work 5 hours with no breaks on a 12 hour shift, kids!) So the engine's got a knock and the alignment's off, the other accident was me forgetting to put the car back into drive when the fucker in front of me almost backed into me at an intersection and I put it into reverse to try and avoid an accident (Didn't work too well, did it?) so the trunk doesn't lock properly and my license plate is basically nailed to the back end, The engine and transmission have had a leak for ten-odd years, the windows don't work, the AC doesn't work, the cassette player doesn't work, one of the doors doesn't open properly, the gas cap door is held in place with hangar wire, there's barf stains all over the passenger seat from when my sister went through her bulimia phase, the brakes are iffy, some of the lights in the dash have gone out, I've replaced the battery, alternator, fuses, brake pads, fenders, hood, windows, and god knows what else, some many, many times, some of the seals are bad so the cabin is leaky as hell, the radio's choppy on its best days, and because I have to drive it 80+ miles on a roundtrip to work, it gets worse every day, and I never seem to have the money to replace anything that isn't critical because things go critical all the time. But it could be worse, I guess.
There are no good people.
[Or maybe a milk bone?] (https://vimeo.com/65107797)
I'll trade you for [prune face.] (http://media.liveauctiongroup.net/i/5361/8439298_1.jpg?v=8CB253D64E86030)
Whoa whoa, man. The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club.
Better yet, save the bag when you finish and put in the corresponding brand-name cereal when you buy it. This has the added benefit of camouflaging your good cereal.
thank mr skeltal
"Is this a porno?" "Student documentary." "Ah."
"She's dead, Jim." "Oh GOD... Wait, Jim?"
["D'uh, Sorry fellas!"] (https://comiclists.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/archie-moose_mason.jpg)
It's Daggerfall, the second one.
Just as a heads up, Waxworks, if we're both thinking of the 1992 one that looks like Wizardry or Ultima Underworld or similar games, with your dead uncle in a crystal ball? That one's on GOG.com.
I liked that The Holy Grail had subtitles for people who don't like the film, where they take lines from Henry IV and make them fit the script as well as possible.
Oh, you had the meatloaf too?
It looks like your dad has at least a grand tied up in Dwarven Forge, judging by the size and depth of those bins on the bottom right. A man after my own heart.
"Okay, pretend it's thanksgiving and this bread is a turkey." *Sigh* BZZZZZZZZ ["OH MY GOD IT'S SO JUICY!"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5-ITF2iI8w)
I would still keep your CV and resume updated. You don't want to be blindsided.
No, you're supposed to [cut it in half and stick a scoop of ice cream between the two halves.] (http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1099211/thumbs/o-POP-TART-ICE-CREAM-SANDWICH-570.jpg?6) C'mon guys, get it together.
"The hills are, uh... alive with the... sound... of...?" "*X GON GIVE IT TO YA ^^WHAT? FUCK WAITIN' FOR YOU TO GET IT ON YOUR OWN, X GON DELIVER TO YA*"
[Answer:] (http://imgur.com/gallery/sneoW)
Correct! You have the board, Mr. Diggler.
I would wave the inheritance flag, but given that he's living in a house of five as the only able-bodied person, I assume he's getting half of a beat up couch, the *good* cistern, and about tree fiddy before taxes.
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse." "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"
And diet Dr. Pepper, don't forget that!
You know who else practiced genocide? [HITLER!] (http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GodwinsLaw)
The tumblers in Dan's apartment door shifted as he turned the key, and set in place with a familiar click. It had been almost a month since he'd left his old job and opted to do freelance repair service. No more constantly patching up superhero-sized holes in the HQ walls when trainees lost their tempers, no more pipe repairs when guys like Cryolad accidentally froze over the men's room, and, perhaps best of all, no more having to replace every goddamn lightbulb (to say nothing of all the wiring, structure damage, tiling, and so on) when villains came calling. Maybe his life wasn't spectacular now, but it was pretty good, and that's all Dan had ever wanted. Unfortunately for the League of Heroes, their non-hero employment proved to be anything but 'pretty good.' The pay was awful, as "serving heroes is its own reward," the benefits sucked, and the job itself was a constant ordeal, as Dan had learned all too well those ten years. Worse still, the government tended to look the other way where heroes broke minor laws, given that most served as the enforcers of the major ones. That was all fine and dandy for them, but without even minimal government supervision, abuses ran rampant in the workplace. Supervisors ignored safety regulations, cut corners wherever possible, and made life a living hell for any who objected. Corporate began squeezing its workforce, insisting that the long hours and low pay contributed to a greater cause, and that compensation would be given when Headquarters could afford it, but that day never seemed to come. Dan would have left the week he started, but leaving the league was taboo in the larger community. After all, who would voluntarily object to serving this noble cause? Paul's replacement came as a shock to Dan. Paul, the day shift communications specialist, was a veteran of the league's behind the scenes work, and made it his job to take care of the poor bright-eyed bastards who signed on thinking the proximity to superheroes somehow justified the terrible working conditions, as Dan once did. Dan found a friend in him one day when Paul needed a handyman to rewire a console. Despite his disgruntled nature, Dan took pride in the work he did, and he and Paul found rapport with one another in being the 'true heroes' of the complex. Throughout the years, there had been many attacks on HQ, and everyone believed the lockdown drills had been pretty effective in protecting the most vulnerable employees in the complex. He couldn't recall the last death that had actually occurred on the grounds. The comms room itself, however, needed to be heavily fortified, the services provided too critical to allow Paul to leave his post in an emergency. Thanks to the mismanagement of the complex, it remained as vulnerable a point in HQ as it was the day the league was founded. And over time, the villains learned that tidbit. Paul ended up dying in the line of duty, as their contracts stipulated might rarely happen, yet there were no grand memorials, no mournings, no opulent ceremonies, as heroes were wont to do for their own fallen comrades. A very quiet burial for the family, NDA's to keep the grieving silent, and a new opening for a communications specialist. Though deaths were relatively rare, other support staff who had fallen as a result of collateral damage had been treated much the same way, bodies disposed of quietly, fresh job postings popping up, to protect the safe image projected by the League. Had Paul's family not informed Dan of his friend's untimely death, he might have believed the bullshit retirement-and-protection-program story the PR division had woven. Dan quit the day he found out. He told everybody he could in the complex: His own disclosure clauses did not extend to the other employees, and whether he endeavored to spite his masters, avenge his friend, or attempt to save the lives of his coworkers, it didn't matter. The news inevitably spread outside the complex, and the effects of a more informed populace were catastrophic. Some left, some stayed, some even tried to unionize. The city began to protest the league, and the corporate arm knew they had done themselves in. Dan didn't stick around for the aftermath. He'd had enough of these 'heroes', after what had happened. Or so he thought. --- The phone rang. Dan knew the number all too well. "I've said it a million times, Mike. I didn't tell anybody outside HQ shit. Your lawyers are going to have to find a different angle if you want to- "Dan. It's Laser Lass. Mike's gone. Everybody's gone." "What?" "They left after the fallout. After most of the staff quit, corporate began hemorrhaging money trying to keep the place running with temps, but nobody would stay. The place has fallen apart. The last batch of new trainees just about destroyed the barracks, the cafeteria's practically a biohazard, and I don't even want to think about the septic situation. Please, we need help. We'll do anything." "Look, you're maybe one of the half dozen people that ever gave a shit about us, super or not. Even if we have a whole new staff, the corruption inherent in the power structure will just sour the workplace again. We all watched it happen before: It'll be the same hell it always was." "Dan, please. You've got to help us. We've been through hundreds of these numbers, a lot of them don't work anymore, and the people we do manage to get through to just hang up. This is the longest conversation I've had with anybody who used to work for the league since it fell apart." "I can't do this again. You know how hard it was to work there." "We're starting to learn, believe me. The few of us who had any background in, well, anything, tried to fix the problems themselves. But we just don't have the skills or manpower to pull this place together. Not even Speedwave can fix problems faster than they pop up, and for all his strength, Super Sigma can't figure out how to rebuild a sound structure. I honestly don't know how you did it." "Yeah, you'd be surprised. It almost takes a hundred sup..." Dan trailed off, lost in thought. Maybe this could work after all. --- As he stood in the newly furnished workshop, Dan shook his head, chuckling to himself. Nearly two hundred men and women, boys and girls, wearing coveralls and hard hats over their capes, suits, and masks. "Dan! How's it going?" Laser Lass flew down from the catwalks, clipboard in hand. "Well, we've got everyone working on something. That group over there, Jim's teaching them how to keep wires bundled together and sorted, and they'll be going over electrical sockets and such tomorrow. Dave's keeping those guys busy with pipe sealing techniques, and I think they'll be putting the bathrooms together this week, and I couldn't be happier, because those port-a-potties are really starting to reek in this heat. Robby-" "Yeah, I saw Robby was teaching the new guys how to screw in lightbulbs. I've got to be honest, this is not what I imagined when you said you had a plan, but it's incredible. Handyman Heroes. What a concept!" "I know, right? I wasn't sure it would even work, but I have to say, people are a lot more careful with the things they have to put together themselves. Hell, this place is looking better than it ever did." "With all the extra hands we've got, we'll be able to get this place in tip-top shape, and when we're done here, any members we can spare will help bring in funds, learn valuable skills, and rebuild a positive image in the community. It might even help them be more invested in the protection of the city. It's perfect, Dan!" As if on cue, the alarm rang throughout the shop. "Well, there's always room to improve, kiddo. OKAY, GROUP 5, YOU'RE ON POINT! SHOW THEM WHAT YOU'VE GOT!" As soon as Dan had called on them, a dozen heroes ripped their coveralls off and rushed out of the building to fight the villain of the week. He chuckled to himself again. Sure, there were arguments, and not everybody bought into the idea of job training and maintainance as hero work, but many saw the greater good it would do, and many was enough to make it work. This plan wasn't spectacular, but it was pretty good. And that's all Dan had ever wanted.
You can in the final mix for PS3.
["Sorry, bob. Gotta let you go."] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytCEuuW2_A)
"Friends, Family... We are gathered here today to remember the dearly departed, Mrs... Uh, where is she?"
Their fabric, of course.
I said, *that guy isn't dying anytime soon.*
Lotta red in that graph...
♫ *Lend me your ears, and I'll sing you a song,* ♫ ♫ *And I'll try not to sing out of key.* ♫
I would ask "What?" But I'm pretty sure somebody's just going to type that out in all caps, and I don't think I have the mental fortitude to read it again. EDIT: Oh, you're a Markov Chain Generator, aren't you? Look at you go, little buddy!
"I'd like to solve, Pat." "Go ahead." "Rolling Thunder Thighs."
"Mmm, It's gotten pretty stale."
[No, it's just a coincidence.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03lrL9CFWxM)
I've been the family tech support for years. I know how to lookup and install drivers, I've slotted motherboards, power supplies, ram and graphics cards, I've gotten that damn printer to work more times than I care to count. I even do a little fiddling in command prompt every once in a while. I still wouldn't consider myself computer literate, at least, not in the sense the author describes. If I have an internet connection, I can read up and solve most of my own problems, but outside of that, I'm pretty helpless when it comes to computers. My parents call me a computer wizard, and I remind myself I don't know jack shit until somebody's told it to me.
I mean, certainly there's concept art and paper sketches involved in both studios, but the difference is Disney attempted to model the 3D more closely after the classic 2D animation, giving the characters a more vividly "cartoony" look and movements, as opposed to the more realistic look that comes from Pixar. Edit: /u/Abbey-Road offered the production of [Paperman] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZJLtujW6FY) as an example of the style that Disney employs.
It's quite possible. Even the CGI animals can enter that uncanny valley if their look and behavior approach realism, but don't quite hit the mark.
Especially when it's clearly baggied, bright green/orange, and not the cereal in the bowl on the front of the box. I miss cereal box prizes.
[Hedgehog to the sky: The game!] (http://armorgames.com/play/4001/hedgehog-launch-2)
Funny, now the top two results for "crooked hillary" are articles about google burying results.
[You think *that's* bad?] (http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/dead-toronto-raccoon-draws-sidewalk-memorial-internet-fame-article-1.2287627)
That is an incredibly solid theory. You've thought about this a lot, haven't you?
Lawn decorations. Granted, they are two extremely different types for rich and poor people, but still.
I think that's just meant as part of the experience. The long load times, slow walk speeds, and tedious map crawling are meant to frustrate the player to encourage them to go nuts on everything and everyone in between.
But what if you're selling the bottom of the lowest category?
"You wanna go to court?"
[And you woke up with leprosy?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceS_jkKjIgo)
And Pet Sematary II, among others. Poor Clancy.
["It's fucking dinner porridge. Why didn't we make dip?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yr_etbfZtQ)
Our demands are as follows! 1. Bigger Bingo Halls! 2. Smaller fish oil capsules! 3. Bread 4. Milk 5. Eggs
kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek kek [kek] (https://camo.derpicdn.net/2c29b58170d7af6c270c3cc67c61c4dc50a0014c?url=http%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FRHyH34Q.jpg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWdD206eSv0
[Well, you know what they say...] (https://youtu.be/zSAJ0l4OBHM?t=2m35s)
Potato vodka
Here's one for the inbox. Have a wonderful day, Phil.
["Tight Dick, Playa."] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoxCElUNqRY)
Wh- An interpretation of Charlie Brown where the adults aren't just wah-wah noises? WHAT SORCERY IS THIS?!?!
"Just because I have it DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE!!!"
"I'm not racist, but don't you think that angry birds movie was awful?"
Why, why did I know, before I even clicked, that this was going to be a shitstain? And why do I see so many? Are there seriously that many people who have so little control over their bowels that this happens and it isn't an immediate "Go home and change" moment? That they'll continue to go about their day like nothing's wrong? I'm genuinely curious.
What's a jib?
[Sorry, I thought he was setting me up for this.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZB7xEonjsc)
[My personal favorite.] (https://youtu.be/n6V8N4Gwo88?t=1m49s)
"Everyone, look at the person on your left... now, your right... statistically speaking, all three of you will fail this course."
You know, I was skeptical at first, but after your feet go numb from blood loss, it really isn't too bad.
Okay, fine. You're the lawyer here; swing big lawyer dick, but at the very least, reply to OP in a top level comment and give some advice, because all I see you doing in this thread is shitting all over the non-professionals who are trying to help.
*Insert witty comment about overabundance of participation trophies and 'kids these days.'*
*"NO SEX UNTIL MARRIAGE"* *~/u/KillWithTheHeart, 2017*
"Gee Hef, I wonder why people want to take pictures with me?" "Isn't it obvious, Rock? You're a TV star! You should start charging for autographs!"
The code on the gallows is 120, representing 10 feet in inches. Also, don't turn on the electric chair unless and until you have the lightning ixupi pot assembled. Hope that hekps.
People honestly need to teach their kids to shut the hell up. I'm sorry, but when I hear the five year old behind me asking questions every five minutes and babbling about what they like and don't like, all I want to do is turn around and shush them. Yet that would make *me* the asshole, right?
Say, if the movie is Arrival?
That's the thing, I don't often hear it in family friendly action movies like Star Wars, probably both because they tend to be louder (the movies, not the children) and they're easy to chew on, so when people do babble it's not like "Hush you guys, oh shit did they get the death star plans yet, this plot is just too much for me!" I want to make a distinction here before I get lambasted on the internet: I like the new Star Wars movies, but you don't need to collect and connect a lot of dots to get the most out of the movie. They're not redefining the meaning of sagas, they're made to be easy to watch and enjoy. That's fine, and it's great for kids because they can follow along too. But when it's a "talky" movie, when missing thirty seconds of dialogue means missing a crucial theme in the plot, or a moment of characterization, or a bit of symbolism that engages the viewer and makes them think critically about the events unfolding, it really does detract from the moviegoing experience, especially if each interruption coincides with something that, yeah, might be a little difficult for a five-year-old to grasp. Seriously, people, just because it's not particularly violent or profane or scary doesn't mean it's good for kids. The theater is not your babysitter.
That's the thing: along with everyone else in the theater, I paid for the right to enjoy the movie, and when you're quiet, your enjoyment doesn't detract from mine. 90% of the time, that's the case for pretty much everybody in the theater and you all have a good moviegoing experience. Does that mean people can't and won't have questions? Of course not, sometimes things need explaining. Does that mean people in general and children specifically need to have impulse control and not pester for explanations in the moment, and instead should maybe wait until after the movie to discuss it, or wait until it comes out on DVD? Absolutely. This comparison might be a little uneven, but to put your question another way, if someone has a chronic problem that could keep them and others around them from enjoying carnival rides, say, a congenital heart defect, nausea, or back and neck injuries, should they be prohibited from boarding said rides? My answer to this question is the same as the answer to yours: "Probably. It's not going to happen, It's a free country, but yeah, maybe."
I mean, it *is* a kids movie, and kids are more likely to be noisy. I don't mind that so much because I knew what I was getting into. Still, yeah, if you can't keep your kids from bouncing around, you probably shouldn't take them to a place that asks its patrons for relative silence.
Can we? Already there have been death threats and violent acts against people who challenge the authenticity of Trump's presidency and actions. It's only going to get worse over the next few years, and I don't know that a more politically and racially charged America can avoid more bloodshed.
That took me half an hour to look up, and I'm just some fucking guy arguing on the internet. I'm pretty sure anyone who's passed the bar exam has at least cursory knowledge of situations like this and would advise a client not to sue, because if they didn't perform that due diligence, they'd likely be engaging in frivolous litigation and probably made to pay the defendant's court costs.
Generally speaking, significant suits only come forth when law is ambiguous or unclear, and the law is pretty clearly defined here, as are most theaters' policies on patron behavior. You might find a lawyer who would attempt to prosecute, but as I said, they'd probably be found to have overlooked due diligence, and made to pay the defendants' court costs, which tends to make prosecutors and their parties wary of cases like this. If this even made it to the desk of a county courtroom, it wouldn't take more than an hour to resolve, I can almost guarantee that.
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/388809 I'm pretty sure this is it.
"*I'm a courier. Don't you want me to handle your package?*" I picked the BW branch out of curiosity and that line fucking killed me.
I, too, was disappointed in fallout 4.
But then your ex is a famous actor and banging Kristen Stewart. And you're both miserable either way.
Yeah, but I still feel like Oblivion was still a step up from Morrowind because *all* the NPC's had voiced dialogues instead of ambient snippets, which was a massive undertaking given the expanse of the game, and the elder scrolls series never gave much in the way of personality to its player characters. Fallout 4, in comparison to its predecessor, gave just one character (albeit the protagonist, who by definition has the most prominent role in the player's experience) voice acting, at the expense of the enjoyment of using a character's development to add flavor to dialogue. How many other games do you know of that give special dialogue options for low intelligence characters, or let you finish the game by *talking* the boss to death if you're good enough at it?
That episode is probably my favorite so far, I always choke up a little at that ending. I can't wait for season 3, I thought it was already supposed to be out?
The thing is, Geralt's already decently characterized, and most of his responses reflect his deadpan, sarcastic personality. In most dialogues, the vault dweller gets four options to express the entirety of a blank slate personality, and they're not nearly as engaging as some of the choices the previous games allowed. I think the backlash is a natural result of taking a huge step backward in roleplaying, without really adding anything significant. A fully voice acted main character means very little with characterization as flavorful as tofu.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6JrJkf1ji4
"So what changed?" "Well, a Big Mac's a Big Mac but they call it, *le Big Mac*."
I remember having white cheddar mac with shrimp at this mountain lodge one. It was probably the best bowl I've ever had.
Considering the staggering amount of different player heads screechy had displayed, to say nothing of the ones in the chests, I imagine it would be incredibly difficult, or at the very least tedious, to stage something like this. I think the dude is chill because he's a mod on his own server, and probably deals with shit like this on a weekly basis.
To version 1.12, I hope.
That can be fixed. Not today, not tomorrow, but when automated labor becomes cheaper and/or more reliable, shit's going to hit the fan real quick. That's why we should start talking about Basic Income *now*. Not twenty years down the road when 30% of the workforce becomes unemployable through no fault of their own, but *now.*
Is it any surprise they get along so chummily?
Yeah, those sandwich platters are fucking amazing. Every once in a while I seriously consider getting membership just to be able to buy them for get-togethers and such.
Try something like [this.] (http://www.kitchenrestock.com/Winco-AICD-20-Ice-Cream-Dipper-Disher_p_15542.html?gclid=CjwKEAiA48fDBRDJ24_imejhwUkSJAAr0M5kWgDIrHJKPsqo39tQ-zRIQML1WNtf_f5cZQ5EZV5RjBoCkVXw_wcB)
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
\&gt;Implying that a Toyota won't keep driving until the sun hits the earth. Seriously, though, that's a good car.
Yeah, who needs fuckin' healthcare, amirite? Source: Type 1 Diabetic.
Yeah, totally a "heater," not a "car bomb." That was very "poorly constructed."
Plus if you do accidentally get too close, they fly around and bump into you a couple times. [Not unlike this.] (http://i.imgur.com/67osA.png)
Bigly doomed.
Well, I can't speak for Kim Jong-Il, but Glorious Leader Kim Jong-Un's golf game is [fucking on point.] (http://freegames.org/kim-jong-golf/)
What?
But where's the pile of extra screws and the flat-pack cardboard boxes?
Hmm... Urgent, need TP ASAP... ...Best substitute for TP... ...Magazine Pages stuck in toilet... ...How to clear S-Bend... ...How to stop toilet geyser... ...How to fix drywall... ...How to fix A-Frame... ...Need a place to lay low... ...Good divorce lawyers...
"You hear that, folks? Record Demand!" Record Low is still technically record.
Because oil is good for the economy! Creates Jobs! It's what 'murica was built on! Real fuel for real cars!
["Hmm... what does this one do?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn6hhrX34Pw)
Beaten to death by the purple translucent GameBoy Color I used to have until my cousin "borrowed" it twelve years ago. I'll live forever because that thing basically disappeared off the face of the earth.
I believe it when Carl Bernstein says it. God forbid this ends up being another fake lead though, because if that happens I won't know what to believe anymore. Good god, what happened? Journalism used to be about rooting the truth out of all the bullshit, and ever since the 24 hour news cycle for ratings became a thing, everything's just gone to shit. What happened to accountability? To good faith, to trust, to common decency? I don't think I've ever seen families and neighbors this deeply divided and dismissive, over stories that put flash before substance, and it's just killing my faith in humanity. I don't know what to do anymore.
*Holds up spork*
But what about Tim Tams? Have you never done a teatime tim tam slam?
"Johnny, Dariush, Chen... You're the besht bomb defushal squad a guy could ashk for..."
["Dad... I'm mom."] (http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/dad-dad-im-straight.jpg)
She didn't get it.
"I don't care that we have a quest to undertake, I'm going to sit here and read aloud from the bestiary until we get an additional two million GP."
Standin' around at the speed of *DIAGONAL*!
"...and because our contestant has just made a massive purchase of this particular make and model of car, the price has jumped up to $45,499, which, coincidentally, is our contestant's bid. So... Congratulations. I guess."
Other people - River City Ransom
Worse yet, a lot of those jobs also support economies created specifically to cater to truckers and others who travel long distances by highway. Motels? Gone. Roadside Diners? Gone. Little towns that seemingly sprouted up by the highway in the fifties? Gone.
Oh! Brawndo's got what plants crave!
Sleep!
"Hey, why is he sucking face with that snowman?"
Wow! You're worth more than Donald Trump! Hey everyone, let's make this guy president! /u/simpersly 2020!
By the way, happy cakeday!
*In best donald duck impression:* "Oh hell, not this place again."
This may be the first YDS that didn't need captions.
Can I get a job where you are? Graduating May 2017 from WSUV in MIS, I sure as hell hope I can still get good healthcare, because insulin isn't cheap.
I think he's referring to [this.] (http://gunshowcomic.com/comics/20130109.png)
He'll probably just say he was framed.
&gt;"I win!" he shouts. "Fun Game. Somebody else will put this back together again. Not me, I'm going back to my tower, maybe the poors down the street. They've got nothing better to do. Sad!" Fixed that for you.
We should praise Hitler because he allowed us to start dialogues about genocide, hate crimes, and right-wing facsim. Oh wait, that's apparently actually what about half of this country wants to do.
Putin's goal is to destroy the U.S., among other westernized countries, and reassert Russia as a world power. Trump is helping him, and in return gets all the publicity, however negative, and again, all helps Putin because it hides what he's doing.
I actually live pretty close to Vancouver and Portland. I'm really just hoping I can find a job that I won't be completely miserable in. I hear horror stories of 70 hour work weeks with no paid overtime, and shitty benefits, and I just think, "Isn't this what I went to college to escape?"
You might be one of the few republicans who thinks that way. The rhetoric I'm hearing from republicans these days, seemingly "Fuck you, I got mine," stops just short of "Let the poors die. We don't owe them anything." And with trump in office, I don't know how much longer that rhetoric will stay unspoken. You know, it's funny. If I were born thirty years ago, I might have called myself a republican at some point. Everybody here talks about the bootstraps remarks as a cynical joke, but in the 70's and 80's it very well would have been possible to walk into a restaurant, or a mechanic, or whatever, and pick up a trade, learn the skills, and turn that into a viable living. I'd imagine that was due in part to the availability of the factory jobs that people in the rust belt so fondly remember. But globalization changed the face of the workplace in America forever, and technology moves ever forward, increasing the ratio of productivity to human labor. It's no longer possible to bring those jobs back simply because it's cheaper to outsource. If tariffs and/or tax cuts are introduced to try and bring those jobs back, depending on wages, manufacturers may find it more cost effective to invest in automation, and like I said, the technology is constantly improving. I hear the counterarguments that say "New jobs will appear to support the automation." and they're not wrong, but a) there probably won't be nearly as many support positions to counteract the loss of labor positions automation causes, (else, what's the point of automation?) and b) the people replaced won't necessarily be able to do the jobs automation creates. So that leaves us at a sobering question, "What happens to the unemployable?" It's a question I fear will have an unpleasant answer, with the current state of affairs.
"...But why does it say, MAXIMUM TRUMP?" "Don't stare at the White House, sweetie. The snipers are watching."
We are all Happy Birthday on this blessed day.
Nah, I still got a PM. I just doubt anybody will be laughing a month from now.
"Sorry, It got a little sticky."
He was in some serious danger shooting this series, too. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/tvandradio/8237505/Gordon-Ramsay-threatened-at-gunpoint-during-illegal-fishing-investigation.html Kudos to a guy willing to put his neck on the line to further a good cause.
*In pain! In need!*
And then they take points off because you restate the same facts, but in different ways, several times throughout your paper, which has good insights that could be condensed down to five pages because your college level vocabulary combined with the appropriate audience allows you to get information across quickly BUT NO, GOT TO BE TWENTY PLUS PAGES OF BULLSHIT OH MY GOD JUST BULLSHIT BECAUSE IF IT'S NOT TWENTY PAGES THEN YOU CLEARLY HAVEN'T WORKED HARD ENOUGH! FUCK YOU MR. BANN, IT WAS SOCIOLOGY 101! WE'RE NOT DOING GROUND-FUCKING-BREAKING RESEARCH INTO THE FARTHEST REACHES AND DEPTHS OF SOCIETY, WE'RE COLLEGE FRESHMEN, SO GET OFF YOUR GODDAMN HIGH HORSE AND I'LL DEMONSTRATE THAT THIRTY HOURS OF READING CASE STUDIES AND TEN HOURS OF WRITING, COMBINED WITH A SEMESTER'S WORTH OF TERMINOLOGY AND APPLIED KNOWLEDGE, IS MORE THAN ENOUGH WORK FOR A FINAL ESSAY IN A GODDAMN 100-LEVEL CLASS! Mmm. I feel better about that B- already.
&gt;nuclear fallout If that actually happens close enough to affect the car, isn't coverage probably the least of the insurer's worries?
TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU FUCKING STUPID BASTARD!
Actually, this was me not too long ago. Except it wasn't nearly as bad because I was a dropped out engineer taking business statistics, and the entire project took me about as long as one average engineering homework problem set. The rest of my team thought I was a god. It was kind of nice being the smart kid again.
Basic common sense and reasoning skills are the enemy! Trump is the one who will make America Great, not the enemy reality!
We thought Trump never stood a chance of becoming president. Shit happens fast. We need to stop this before it starts.
Yes.
Yeah, just like I write college papers that end up being ten pages of "alternative facts."
Absolutely!
Nerd minus, I would say.
Yeah. Our project was a rough analysis of housing cost and occupancy trends in three major cities over the last thirty years or so. Not only did I do literally everything for the report, but I made a baseline metropolitan housing comparison as well to give the numbers some context, which really ended up making a top quality informational report. The group *did* end up putting together a few slides on the presentation, based on my calculations, but I ended up making and editing most of the slides myself, because they didn't understand the terms and numbers, *and* presenting it single-handedly. I didn't make a fuss because trying to cut anybody out of a group grade would have been way too much trouble at that point, and as I said before, I'd spent more time on a single engineering problem set in the past, so I wasn't exactly put out over the amount of work I had to do. That shit's ridiculous, though. "OH I HAD IOWA!" Like, bitch please, you don't even have Elk Horn sit your uneducated ass down.
No, these assholes know they work for the one percent, and the rest of us can go pound sand for all they care.
No, no, that's a different kind of white powder.
"Shoulda been a scientologist."
Feels&gt;Reals
It's literally his first day, *and* his first comment. Give him time.
http://persephonemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/mal-speechless.gif
*Holds up spork*
I don't know, having sunglasses that you can't use seems pretty FWP. Also working a fuckton of hours has been an American thing for a long time, and I *think* America's still a first world country. Possibly.
["Whewes the bwaby?... Whew is my bwaby?"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKRUwVmkS8U)
Brawndo! It's got what plants crave!
Official response: Fake signatures, all fake. Sad!
http://www.nytimes.com/images/blogs/laughlines/poselikethis.jpg
I was going to say poor North Dakota, but then I saw Colorado.
Well, I ain't no hater... It's fake.
[When you're a terrible shot but physics has your back.] (https://g.redditmedia.com/NPfeeJfxC20Hw_TE2hH_4tSAjRFAxFwwjFqGYBWa0XM.gif?w=320&amp;s=1423cec7a749fb734f8709713e3b968f)
It's also the longest running children's animated show, and the second longest running overall animated show, next to the Simpsons. Think about that for a second, Arthur's been running longer than *South Park.*
I love his quiet little "They all came out the top... I need to cover the top." Just that it's so obvious what went wrong, like he knows it, and the camera guy knows it, and everybody watching knows it, but he's just got to say it anyway.
By some of the pixels.
Whooooooo is the cat with the beeeaaak?
[-*Quote from man shot*] (http://i.imgur.com/qwKqx.jpg)
Hey, you know who's gay? *Wedding Music* Us.
Ganondorf is the antagonist of the Legend of Zelda series. Bannondorf sounds very similar.
[My personal favorite.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsCpNC5da5s)
"I said, things you *wouldn't* hear."
^^^^^^Snap ^^^^^^Snap ^^^^^^Snap
"We'll have the best trolleys, the best. They're gonna be yuge, they'll run on all the tracks, every track." "Uh, sir, do you know what the trolley problem is?" "Of course! The trolley problem, the problem with the trolleys is that there aren't enough of them! Right? So we make more trolleys! Top quality, the best, we're gonna get tired of how good they are."
My man!
Here's a tip: Have your leftover storage containers ready when you cook. Transfer the cooked food from the cooking utensils straight to the storage containers, then plate yourself from the storage containers. Rinse/soak the cooking utensils, store the food, eat dinner, and come back to clean up what's left plus your dishes. As long as you don't let food get dried onto your cookware, cleanup is super easy. Even better: if whatever you're cooking goes in the oven or crockpot for a long time, clean while your food cooks, and you can practically skip after-dinner cleanup altogether.
I know. I asked for a food processor for Christmas and got it, I'm so happy.
"...every one is replaced with the number 3.091091857128719082641890264192460198246109826412..."
"Let's see, value two-pack... the Care Bears... the Human Centipede... Huh."
[Indeed.] (http://imgur.com/a/hefgx)
"...*Something something* level 5 vegan."
No problem, thanks for the input!
"Just fuck my shit up, WalMart."
Doesn't this violate 5th amendment rights? If he's forced or coerced into giving his pin, isn't that making him a witness against himself?
I'm more of a [46.289816, -124.060353] man myself. The bonus is, it's only about two or three hours away.
Thumbs up for Jay, he's a credit to Washington State.
"I want the caprese, the ziti, the tagliatelle alla boscaiola, a glass of the marsala, and clip the loud guy in that booth over there."
"Flip the heavy ass car over" is not part of that driver's job description, and it was probably totaled before he hooked it up. Looks silly, but it's probably just the most practical way to get it out of there, damage to the road notwithstanding.
Nothing's better than the dark night.
Chances are, if they were already working, they're going to keep working, and if they were unemployed, they're somewhat less likely to stay unemployed. I say a little less because abject poverty is often a detriment to job seekers in developed or developing countries.
"Hey fellas, I'm thinking I might become a vegetarian, and take up some yoga to get more in touch with my spiritual side!" "That's great news, Ron!" "Also, I've decided to give up on drinking, I realize it's unhealthy and perhaps makes me a less dedicated and capable government worker." "Wow, good for you!" "And finally, I've decided to start a new initiative, wherein I will learn each and every citizen of Pawnee's first name, last name, and personal interests and lifestyle, to better serve the commun-" "**AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!**"
Who wants a body massage?
Trump "Math": I had the biggest crowd, the biggest, nobody even comes close, those photos are fake news. Numbers? Those are for pencilnecks!
It's french for "Gimme some fuckin' cola before I BREAK VOUS FUCKIN' LIPS!"
"Why is there the FBI investigation?" -Trump next week, probably.
If you ever get the opportunity to go to The Rock, get the founder's pie. Sausage, pepperoni, and yes, literal globs of ricotta. It is, at the very least, in the top three I've ever eaten.
LEAVE /u/J4CKR4BB1TSL1MS ALONE!
The real question is, can electrical tape be used to fix the malleable logarithmic casing of a turboencabulator? The prefammulated amulite baseplate is cracked, and it's causing me to lose power whenever it attempts to synchronize its cardinal grammeters.
How much?
[It does in primitive cultures!] (https://xkcd.com/764/)
I'd spend it.
Do you have the one that just starts telescoping with all the captions it makes on itself?
"Haha, Reached 105% of my job creation goal, abolished all useless environmental protections, and got to mars before everyone else died! Winning! Take that stupid liberals! MMGA!" /s, in case anyone was wondering.
Correct. The actual answer is irrelevant, it's about being able to think on your feet, and they gauge it by asking a question you couldn't possibly have been prepared for.
thank mr skeltal
Another great critical thinking one I've heard is "How many ping-pong balls will fit in this room?" It's an opportunity for candidates to demonstrate how they approach a problem and what they might consider an acceptable solution.
Oh wow, I just had a flashback to every pizza parlor candy crane.
"Found the Democrat." - Eric Trump, probably.
no
Money under mout' runnin'.
"Who's stronger, Birdman? The addiction or you? HA HA ^Is ^that ^one ^out? ^The ^one ^on ^the ^left?"
Sorry, I gave it a once over to see if it had already been posted but didn't see it.
&gt;STOP &gt;"FUCK YOU!"
See? *That's* how you end a Bait-and-switch.
I'm just waiting for Buggles to release the new album depicting everything we've killed so far.
See, the thing is, "the customer is always right" doesn't refer to every individual customer, but rather your entire customer base (and their money.) If there are two stores in NYC that sell widgets and one doesn't offer warranty plans, despite it being a frequent request, the customer (collective) will determine who is operating correctly and who isn't by forcing one into bankruptcy. Bitchy 30something soccer moms think it means the barista has to spend ten minutes bending over backwards to fix their venti double whip half-caf skinny caramel hyper ultra prefix mocha latte *with a smile,* or they'll have the manager fire you and replace you with someone who will." The real answer is, "you see that line behind you, that built up while I made your drink with a song and dance, and are now irate because they've been waiting for ten minutes behind some stuck-up cunt to get coffee? *Those* are 'customers who are always right' because if they all leave, I go out of business. If I ban you from the store, they all get their coffee on time and I start making a profit again. Guess which interpretation of 'the customer is always right' I'm going to use."
&gt;“The name “Republican” was chosen, alluding to Thomas Jefferson’s Democratic-Republican Party and conveying a commitment to the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.” I don't know if any sitting republican today would agree that those rights are inalienable, or even rights.
GOT A SELECTION OF GOOD THINGS ON SALE, STRANGER!
I imagine it's one that responds to /u/shittymorph quite a bit.
Who, /u/shittymorph? He's just the most prevalent example of a Bait-and-Switch copypasta. I could reference 'Everybody walk the dinosaur,' 'tree-fitty,' 'fresh prince,' etc. But that's one anybody who's been here as long as he has should know.
There he is! The man of the hour! I feel honored.
That seems like a pretty clear violation of the 8th amendment.
I'm starting to think they're intentionally removing the L.
"I hurt myself today..."
[Wh- THIS IS BULLSHIT! What about Coach Z style, 'one two one two?'] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHODRaLjDJQ)
http://imgur.com/APupiEs
That seems less like "Taunting" and more like "Bipartisan government." What do I know, though?
Is... is *every* conversation with him one hundred words or less? Oh god, I NEED TO KNOW!
"I never even began to know what I was doing in the first place."
🔔🔔🔔
Harrumph!
No, it's Jim.
Cocaine will do that to you.
You twit! I soiled my armor!
He's got huge, sharp... He can leap about... Look at the *bones!*
The irony here is, not unlike the original, kentucky's not paying for that fucking wall, we are. The reason differs in that they get about twice as many tax dollars in aid as they pay out.
[N O T A L K] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVblOqZBlJw)
You like Huey Lewis and the news?
Is that what kids are calling it these days? "Typo?"
Doesn't everyone?
That's pretty generous. I'd estimate they turn to shit five nanoseconds after they're published.
The whole album has a clear, crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism, that really gives the songs a big boost.
Oh, Brawndo's got electrolytes!
"...And that's when I killed her, your honor." "Case dismissed!"
To say nothing of the *incredible dialogue* that leads to that option. I literally couldn't stop laughing for ten minutes.
Who?
That was actually really funny!
His tweets are totally unpresidented, though.
Now clean up the cake that you shook all about, good god, what a mess.
Wasn't there somebody on reddit who talked about sealing off the room in the apartment he rented while going to college because his other roommate was crazy and disgusting, and they thought it might have been this guy? Edit: Found it, [but it's not Alan tutorial, just some guy named Jed.] (http://www.wyseguys.com/blag/shitty-roommate/meet-jed/)
Why wouldn't they be? It's great press covfefe.
He didn't know, but some other guy thought it might be.
And some jagoff gets a jalapeño burger.
I mean, shit, if they wanted Subway to be the last job I ever had, all they have to do is set me up with $80K a year, full benefits, a pension, and three weeks of paid vacation. I'd never have stopped making sandwiches if they offered that. Edit: for anyone thinking I'm 100% serious here, I know no Subway franchisee could ever afford to pay that, but the ridiculousness of the request is about on par with the idea that "We want this to be the last job anyone here ever has!" If they did offer that, I probably would take it, though.
Best I can do is an orange nincompoop with a bad combover and half a sandwich Chum was eating.
They quite literally are when you make $22K a year and need insulin therapy.
"No peanut sauce please, I'm allergic." *Covers thai in peanut sauce* "...Okay."
The thing is, when somebody says they'll make you a cake, it's usually not a fancy, professional "Get out the rotary wheel and pastry bag so I can make this look like the grand canyon" kind of cake, it's the "Mix cake mix in bowl with 1 cup water, two eggs, and a quarter cup of vegetable oil, bake for twenty minutes, and maybe frost the dry brick that comes out if you feel like it" kind of cake. I can very much understand why someone wouldn't conceive of cake as being good if the only example they'd ever had came poorly mixed and half baked out of a box.
[You know this scene from IASIP?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siAbiwPyccg) There's a reason Charlie expresses that frustration. The job market in urban parts of the US is fucking awful. The statement "get a job" or "get a different job" is akin to "Just go find gold in the Mississippi river." It's doable, but incredibly difficult, and you'll have to sort through a bunch of garbage before you find it. I can't tell you how many MLM schemes and shitty part time temporary positions I had to sift through before finding the job I have today. Even then, $42K is just barely enough to live half an hour out from the Portland metro area.
Yeah, the right has worked incredibly hard to ensure that we can keep pace with the workplace standards of 1900's America.
Sure, that works. You might just have created the new craze of the meme world.
The problem is, Fox and Breitbart will still happily peddle that propaganda to their voter base, which radicalizes them even further because they've already bought into it.
See, this is why we need irrefutable video accounts in press briefings. You're humble enough to admit when you miss something, but the Trump administration is still pushing covfefe as being some secret code that only the president and his closest allies understand, despite the fact that it was broadcast on Twitter, let alone all the other lies he's doubled down on despite evidence to the contrary.
They forgot "While the rich get huge tax breaks."
I'm not sure you can be a police officer if an old woman in a wheelchair yelling makes you fear for your life.
You're right, there's no comparison, but without an accurate, verifiable record, disdain for reality goes unchecked and you get a "he said, she said" situation where, at this point, neither party is particularly credible. I mean, I trust press notes over Trump's tweets because the man lies through his dentures, but there's no way to be 100% certain without the audiovisual record.
I can practically taste the squigglevision. God, this takes me back.
And has no can openers because Larry borrowed them all. I seriously have to wonder where they got all those can openers.
Honestly, I wonder if college is even in the future for most kids nowadays. Too expensive, not enough return on investment.
Jesus, where do you live?
As a type 1 diabetic, I join your sentiment. I don't know how I'm going to make it when I can't stay on my parents' insurance.
"Oh look, another bowl of soup!" "Oh look, another bowl of soup!" ^"Oh ^look, ^another ^bowl ^of ^soup!" ^^"Oh ^^look, ^^another ^^bowl ^^of ^^soup!" ^^^"Oh ^^^look, ^^^another ^^^bowl ^^^of ^^^soup!" "This went on until the patron died, and another took his place, thus perpetuating the cycle."
Maybe he was gagged?
Nice catch, blanko nino. Too bad your ass got saaaaaaaaacked...
"..." "Are... are you going to answer?" "I don't answer bullshit questions."
"That's a wonderful tiramisu, Karen."
I fucking hate that phrase. "I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree" is saying "Even though I don't want to continue this argument because I clearly don't have a leg to stand on, I want my beliefs to remain more true and valid than yours because I still think you're wrong despite having argued your point well enough that I no longer wish to challenge it." Anybody who uses the phrase thinks they are somehow inherently correct on almost every position they hold. Don't argue with them.
The thing is, a decision maker should never actually use the phrase "agree to disagree" because it's flippantly patronizing. Any decision that rejects someone's arguments should explain why the decision maker came to the conclusions they did, in far more detail than "agree to disagree."
If you don't argue with someone who not only refuses to budge on their opinions, but patronizes you for making well-reasoned arguments, you're not "agreeing to disagree," you're making a logical decision not to argue in the first place. There can't be disagreement on topics that aren't discussed.
Honestly, you're probably right. I've just never heard "agree to disagree" in a context other than being patronized for "having cute little opinions."
[You just need a bike bell. Problem solved!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7oGk-ozhKI)
I agree, up to the point where the sandwich begins to fall apart in your hands, at which point it's acceptable to eat things individually as they fall out of the sandwich.
It's the only thing that separates us from the animals. [Well, that and experience.] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NyF0KdbZvdc)
You don't have time to start over, you just guesstimate how many drops it actually took and win SciOly for having the best accuracy to time ratio.
[Sorry, it's a scrubs thing. I was hoping people would recognize the HUEH-HEUH!] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb_mCm4zLuk)
"DO YOU LIKE HUEY LEWIS AND THE NEWS, PRIVATE?"
"Do you smell it? That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells... smelly."
Shit, I guess I should consider myself lucky my dad is a maudlin drunk and showers praise on me when he's on the bottle. I definitely consider myself lucky because the most drinks I've ever had in one sitting is 3, and it just felt weird.
"This man has stopped the leak in the dike! Hooray" "Don't worry sir, we have a team of masons en route, we'll have your thumb out in no time." "...Thumb. Right."
Employers: "Ooh, *juuuuuust* under 30 hours this week, so sorry about your insulin, but at least the ER's open 24 hours, right?" But seriously, fuck everybody who mustered the brain cells to put pen to paper in order to create this fucking monstrosity. I've never been one to advocate violence, but if this passes, the people who voted it in deserve the death penalty for knowingly condemning millions of people with chronic illness to an early grave.
Yes please.
"It works very well, thank you." -Michael Okuda
"What's this? The Point appears to be trying to tag out, but with whom- Wait! Wait! Could it be? IT IS! IT'S CAPTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIRRRRRR!"
This song always makes me think of the swamp level music from DKC II.
No, I think you actually get to work with an alot made out of fruit.
Maybe I'm doing something wrong, but I think your random button is broken. It keeps taking me to the same comic.
&gt;Before Carlin there was NOBODY doing standup pieces with such a narrative/philosophical slant in the way that is now so absolutely commonplace. No love for Bill Hicks?
That's OP's mom!
~~fuck okay you win.~~ Why didn't you tell me it was so bad? This is all your fault for not stopping me earlier. FTFY.
Remember when Joe Wilson accused the president of lying, on *national television,* no less, and he was wrong? Where is that supposed defence of justice and truth now? Even privately, they've had hundreds of opportunities to diplomatically correct misstatements, proven to be false, yet the GOP continues to defend trump, to make excuses for him. I don't think the GOP was ever even this kind to W, and he was, at the very least, not actively trying to dismantle the government from within.
"Wait a minute, why am *I* the special today?"
HOW CAN THE CHUMICHURRI BE DRY? WE'RE AT THE BOTTOM OF THE FUCKING OCEAN!
Here's a thought: Maybe Millenials wouldn't be killing apparently every industry that exists if they had some money to spend and some time with which to enjoy it? Half the people I know are fucking broke, deep in debt, living with one or more roommates and working 50+ hours a week either between two jobs or salaried. What will we be responsible for ruining next, I wonder: "Why are millennials killing the housing market?" "Millennials are destroying the automobile industry!" "How come millennials aren't buying baby care products?" Do you think it could be because nobody's got the money to buy a new car, or a house, or have children? Naaah, they must be spending it all on avocado toast and new phones.
See, I fulfill that urge over at /r/incremental_games.
Is it to bitch about lazy entitled millennials who won't work for an honest day's wage like they used to? Because that sure seems like the solution they chose.
YOU PICKED THE WRONG HOUSE, FOOL!
You're gonna want to hold that in for about 15 seconds, or until your vision begins to vibrate.
The same reason there are pics of anime girls with impossibly big knees: It's *somebody's* fetish.
"Let's move on to a game called 'Scenes from... The Cat!'"
Coach Ditka or a hurricane, but the hurricane's name is Ditka.
Speak for yourself
He did have 100 years to prepare it.
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Oh please, we're on Reddit. You stop coming here, you get 48 more hours in your day.
That's my secret: I'm always in debt.
Is it weird that I know that intro music is one of two elevator themes from Jurassic Park for the SNES?
If they could manage to take your money and give you less than nothing in return, I imagine they would, yes.
Under a non-corrupt congress, it would have.
"Yeah, welcome to the club, pal."
"How about a little mood music?" *I don't want her, you can have her, she's too fat for me!*
Well have a nap ZEN FIRE ZE MISSILES!
And yet, 90 minutes of blank screen would still be more worth your ten bucks.
Aah, the situation has only been made worse by the addition of yet more peanut butter!
Is there a scenario you can imagine where a bowling fanatic pulls a gun out in the alley and yet has the wherewithal to exhibit good trigger discipline?
Shoop da whoop
I can't even risk saying it. I just skip to a constant loop of the 'Sulk in defeat' step.
Happy birthday TO THE GROUND!
You're telling me some people wear pants when they eat burritos?
!redditgarlic Gets_That_Reference_
Well, yeah, 'cause he didn't get his card, err, remote.
Certainly not in Utica.
NSFH
Recreate the experiment to verify the results.
Listen, if you could sort of... take care of the roach problem down here, that would be greeeeeeaaaaaat.
McDonald Trump.
A crummy commercial?
A new mattress. Shit's hard as a rock.
"Maaaaan, this is some BULLSHIT!"
Why do people keep challenging me to stunt rally races?
"Yeah, as a defendant."
I feel like this is the exact problem yooka-laylee suffered from. Compared to BK, the maps were massive, but the lack of walls combined with the sparsity of actual content made each level feel incredibly vacant.
Well technically, they still eat microwaved food, they just do it at home for $5 instead of Applebees or Olive Garden for $20.
&gt;This isn't Russia GOP: "We're working on that."
!redditplatinum
You watch your ass.
How 'bout some more beans, Mr. Taggart?
The Queen: "OI YOU TANGERINE GIT YE CAN FECK RIGHT OFF."
!redditgarlic
"I was saying boo-urns..."
I've thought about ordering a 3 day supply from MRE marketplace just to see if they're half decent. Steve always seems so happy when he gets it all out on a tray.
"I fear no man... but that thing... it scares me." *Do you believe in magic, in a young girl's heart?*
Magical All-Purpose Space Tarpaulin^^TM
Ah, the ol' Reddit sleeperoo.
"So, we have people stand behind podiums and answer questions to win money." "No stunts or safety pads? No oddly sexualized punishments? No Ken Blankenship?"
Are you living on a steady diet of government cheese?
A T T H I S T I M E O F D A Y
"I can handle the defeat, but does he have to teabag my corpse?"
N O T A L K
&gt;
Nice catch blanko niño!
Hey Spain, can we get some of that over in the U.S.?
Honestly, I think they're doing well with [A better deal.] (https://www.democrats.senate.gov/abetterdeal)
&gt;Pluto = Planet |
Every time I see the Juicero mentioned, all I can think of is [this Bloom County strip.] (https://www.gocomics.com/bloomcounty/2015/03/12)
It's in there, Prescription Drug Prices, under the Families section.
We don't need no railroad friction.
Hell, another hole isn't going to draw attention. This just goes to the bottom of an already insurmountable pile.
Hey, look at that, we're number one! USA! USA! USA!
Maybe she ded.
What you're going through right now? Remember it every time they try to bring you back and ask yourself if you want to go through it again, because if you say yes, you absolutely will.
F
F
PREGANANANT?!?!*
Looks like it, great job America! Take my statement as the pure speculation it is, but as I recall about a year ago, conservatives accused Hillary of running a child prostitution ring out of the basement of a pizza parlor, and we all know how coservatives love to project. We also now know 1475 immigant children have gone "missing" over the last few decades (not entirely this administration's fault), and parents continue to be separated from their kids and placed in these camps under this draconian mandate, creating additional vulnerabilities that could allow more children to go missing. Again, this is all speculation, but it's disconcerting nonetheless.
Don't forget, the House had an investigation, and found no wrongdoing. These fuckers are complicit, and they should absolutely sink with their ship.
That's why you have to meat them at their own game.
"No one cared who I was until I shot first."
[The Newsroom clip that hasn't stopped being relevant since even before it was aired.] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Eec6EJHVzc4)
If he got cancer, I'm sure he'd blame doctors.
["Well then you wait! *You wait!*"] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPzjbXgaVOk)
https://youtu.be/F8APwHQUHwY?t=3m18s
"Perfect sequels don't exis-"
You can tell that it's shit because of the way it is.
"Out of order? Even in the future nothing works!"
"I'm not corrupt, I'm a Subject Matter Expert!"
[Thelonius Dump] (http://www.hrwiki.org/wiki/Dump)
*Lens flare sound*
Go to a community college. No, seriously, go to a community college. You will make all the same mistakes spending your first two years in CC that you would in Uni for a fraction of the cost. Once you get done with your prereqs, declare your major and then change it when you realize you hate it, and get the partying out of your system, *then* you can decide whether Uni is right for you or not. Not after you've sunk 50K into an unfinished degree.
"Swamp monster tells good people they're not invited to the swamp."
Yet for some reason Carol, and I quote, "just can't function without my coffee."
"Now I really am a stable genius!"
"hello" ["bitch lasagna"] (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YM2NQgIG-QM)
Only marginally hyberbolic. Generally speaking a glass is about 1/2 to 2/3 that price. Still robbery, but side alley robbery as opposed to highway.
"Damnit, I got shit in my eyes again!"
https://youtu.be/MSqF4GG3JTU?t=13s
The ironic thing is, [Toyota happens to be one of the most "american-made" brands, measured by parts manufactured in the U.S.] (http://www.chicagotribune.com/classified/automotive/sc-most-american-made-autocover-0630-20160629-story.html)
The twist is that Putin writes the whole book, both because we all know who pulls the strings, and also because Trump is barely literate.
It would certainly collapse America's already shaky economy. The rest of the world, I think they'll be just fine trading with each other.
Yeah, until you end up having to reshingle the roof, strip and repaint the siding, clean out three-story gutters, wash windows, replace the piping, and on and on and on. Big houses are far more trouble than they're worth.
I love that not only is Texas bigger than Texas, but it's bigger than Texas *twice.* That's impressive.
Personally, I wish they'd offer it with their slice. Pizza and soda, that's a meal right there.
Clone High
Not true, I've got centurylink! *Cries in slow internet*
Whoa, that's groundbreaking! Next the Trump administration will say that Trump has immunity from the legal consequences of his actions!
"I'm sorry, you really just don't qualify as a harbinger, Low Battery."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVXJmfd3cmg
...I can see how that could be... confusing.
I mean, you wouldn't really call this "In order."
For all we know, it is. He certainly doesn't spend much time presidenting.
#FUCK AJIT PAI Wait, sorry, hold on: #FUCK AJIT PAI and WestJet
Apparently you get promoted to management.
Yeah, Hillary's the worst president we've ever had, we're a year in and she's not even doing anything.
Then my work is done.
Just one?
*rapidly throws baseball*
"Don't eat it, we're renting it out to the family down the street, they move in next week."
It's in the folder labeled "C-SPAN footage" In "AP Gov project 2009"
Well the dumb fucker lowered his jib to almost horizontal, what did he expect, that he could fold it like a pocket knife? Is gravity not a thing where he lives?
Barking too loud? Right to jail. Wiping butt on carpet, right to jail. You don't learn to roll over, believe it or not, jail.
So, do you ever have a bonus panel where your wife and child *approve* of your glorious work?
"Doritos^^TM Dew^^TM it right."
No need for 'Death to America' anymore, it's already dead.
"Okay, look, I get that you're *trying* to help, but you can't go to an anorexia awareness fundraiser wearing a jacket that says 'No Fat Chicks.'"
Big butt bonanza, *nice.*
It's the game Yooka-Laylee could have and should have been.
Student loans.
I **knew** there was a catch.
Give the Governer a harrumph!
[This is us now.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiyfwZVAzGw)
"Spraypaint a hockey puck, got it."
Don't Dead Open Inside.
12:30-4:30* And also like 8:30-10:30
When you're a dictator he lets you do it.
No, I know the clock says two, but let's face it, it isn't just one hour.
It is a necessary step. The country didn't elect this con artist, Russians did. I've a feeling we're going to find decisive evidence this has been a concentrated effort between Russia and the GOP, to consolidate power and erode democracy. I just hope we can take the country back when this is all over.
I am thankful that I can't.
"NATO, NAFTA, NAMBLA, it's all the same, believe me."
["...Or, NAMBLA."] (http://www.cc.com/video-clips/suc7l3/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-10-f--king-years---nambla)
/r/Frugal_Jerk says "Look at this fatcat over here wasting his *glass* full of *milk!*" and then somebody soaks it up with a dirty rag and says "Look at all these calories somebody left behind!"
One more, so that everybody gets one, obviously.
HOLY SCHNIKES!
8 ---&gt; Pipe ---&gt; Smoke
"Only I didn't say fudge..."
I wouldn't call this a recurring dream, but every once in a while I'll dream, as part of a larger happening, that I've got tons of money in my wallet. Like, we're talking denominations of bills that don't actually exist, and I look at it and know I'm set for life. Then my broke ass wakes up and realizes I don't have all that money. It's disheartening, to say the least.
Ironically, I have a Costco membership, and it's already paid for itself with the 2% cashback. The overall savings on food, clothes, and home goods is just a bonus.
"Well how can he stab you when his hands are full of rum?" -Boss, probably.
"...And you'll have this corner office right over here." *Cue Patrick Swayze* "Nobody puts Baby in a corner."
Holy shit, Fox news is on my TV and I don't even have one!
Maybe *you* have a probelm, *I* can quit whenever I want. Edit: It appears I may have a problem.
I, too, have both and would be paying upwards of a grand for a three-month supply were it not for my insurance. Fuck the U.S. Healthcare system.
"Hi, my name is... ^^Uh ^^oh."
*"You'we nevew gonna cesh me! You'we wastin youw time! Fowget about it! Go do sowmthin' else!"*
^^^^^You ^^^^^shall ^^^^^serve ^^^^^me ^^^^^in ^^^^^the ^^^^^land ^^^^^of ^^^^^the ^^^^^dead.
You have filled the hole in my heart that the safe created. Congrats!
They're not censored, the numbers are ********** (top) and ********** (bottom)
"Wait, this thing has five augmentation slots? I take it all back."
RIP in pieces, Tumblr. We hardly knew ye.
Well, I'm glad he believes that, because they did know.
Cumblr
At this time, about 650K people have signed the petition. It's worth noting that's about 9x the capacity of the Mercedes-Benz stadium, where the Superbowl will be held this season.
I can't imagine what else they were expecting, they've been in the online space for long enough to know that when online revolves around one resource, players will gravitate towards the fastest methods to earn as much of that resource with as little effort as possible. Literally game theory 101.
The difference between the two bits is, Cosby's was critical of how other people spent their free time in self-destructive activities like binge drinking and calling it "having a good time," while Offerman points at the American work culture that elicits this kind of self-destructive behavior in response to a poor working environment. One focuses on the individual, the other addresses circumstances.
Same here. The depressing thing is, I check the loans to make sure payments have gone through, and because I can only afford $250 a month, more than half gets eaten by interest on every single loan, all hovering around 3.5%. When it's all said and done, I'll end up paying $65K on the $40K I borrowed. That extra 25K could have been a car, or the better part of a down payment on a house.
I'm just wondering what they were trying to accomplish. Like, I understand the base goal of "Helicopter Car," but if it's just tethered to the back of a moving vehicle, with no other apparent aerial maneuvering devices besides the primary blades and rotor, how did they expect to drive the damn thing?
Norville in a plastic sandwich bag?
Jon I require lasagna.
I hear she's more a whiskey fan.
Tonya Harding, for those who don't want to google it.
That's a clean fuming fuel, I tell ya hwat.
My computer hurts just reading that.
Bullshit. A burn bad and deep enough to even get through the top layer of skin, let alone that much of it, will blister and pus like mad before it exposes flesh underneath and begins to scab; there's not a single wet spot or evidence of clotting here. If that were a real burn, all you'd possibly be able to see is different shades of bloody red.
Yeah, "Wow, That's Fun!"
The first point I agree with, 30K a year isn't middle class, but is family housing outside of urban areas significantly more or less than 250K-500K? Most houses with more than two bedrooms I see around here are $300K plus. Here being an hour-ish north of the Vancouver metro area.
"Look lady, put the money in the cup or keep moving, I gotta have these reports on Johnson's doorstep by 3:30."
"Look lady, drop the coffee in panic or keep moving, I gotta chew up those reports on Johnson's doorstep by 3:31."
Lord No-Kids has very poor judgement. Geese are mean fuckers, he's probably going to get snapped at.
The catch is that the trip takes upwards of 18 years.
I disagree. Based on the subsequent discovery of Tonya's phonecalls, I'd say she was fully implicated in the attack. Even if she was coerced by her ex-husband, she had made several calls before the attack inquiring about the name and location of the arena where Kerrigan practiced. https://www.deseretnews.com/article/334609/RECORDS-INDICATE-HARDING-LIED-ABOUT-PHONE-CALLS.html The evidence is pretty damning, especially considering she entered into that guilty plea on the condition that no further prosecution occurred. Had she plead Not Guilty, I don't doubt she would have faced jail time.
