I don't see anything in that video that doesn't look like basketball... Other than the white people and short shorts.
Dude Melo was the first option on the friggin olympic team. He might be the best first option in the league, up there with KD. That's never been the knock against him.
Ah, I got what you mean. I think he can be the best player but needs to be surrounded with some really good talent.
Originally they had a ton of unsold ad inventory so they inserted charity's ads so they could claim a certain amount as a tax break.
I think the 8th seed Knicks in 99 were a better David vs Goliath experience, particularly since we were missing our hall of fame center.
He said in a post game interview that he uses some kind of special beard oil.
&gt; Lineup data showed throughout the season that the two point guard lineups that had dominated in 12/13 continued to dominate in 13/14, but Woodson refused to go to them. With what point guards? "Facing divorce and felony gun possession/mid-life crisis obesity" Felton and Prigioni? Get real, dude. The two guard lineup only worked because we had Kidd and a healthy Felton, neither of which we had in 13/14.
134 minutes over an 82 game season is a comically low sample size. But I appreciate the sources and facts. Upvote.
It's an old Orson Welles technique.
Komazawa Park is where you wanna go. Usually only 5-10 people (not highly skilled) playing on weekend mornings.
Go to the rooftop "beer garden" of restaurants and bars across the street from the inner Kabukicho Hub. It's a blast and perfect to accommodate you.
What's not authentic about KFC? It's just standard fried chicken.
It's izakaya style, yeah. And tons of different restaurants. It gets pretty crazy in there.
To be fair, JR or Shump make one more shot and the cavs win. Kerr is playing a very dangerous strategy.
Very hard to get a visa without a degree. Stay in school and maybe try to study abroad.
4 years, dude.
I think Dirk is a more impressive player than Barkley.
Nope. I'm older than most and can remember watching Jordan's threepeats and Barcelona. Barkley wasn't a true first option imo. It's a major reason why his shooting percentages are elevated.
I think what [Madison Bumgarner did in the World Series last year](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madison_Bumgarner#Baseball_records_and_accomplishments) would be equally as impressive.
Not from the post.
He would be killer on this gsw team as a backup for Klay. Holy shit, I kinda wanna see that happen.
Examples?
He turned Wall into an even cockier stud than he was (and he can back it up).
Eh a lot of people here did the same for Atlanta.
Because anything in the 60s is bad.
Bridgeport too.
He did it for Lin.
Bro, it's literally impossible to be a kings bandwagoner.
We already have bargs.
Did Wiggins retire?
Bernard King might be the greatest scoring Knick of all time.
He reminds me a lot of Hakeem on offense and we all know how well he aged.
If you guys had the same history at the highest level of sports as Boston and LA, you'd understand. It's about mutual respect for greatness. Jeter had the same sentiment towards the Red Sox.
That vaunted Nets/Cavaliers rivalry.
Please don't be snarky about barely beating a non-playoff team. Have some class, dude. You're champs now.
Why not just write "new years"?
Why? Kyrie is a perpetual injury risk. Seems fair to me.
Doesn't the starkiller weapon go faster than light? Seems that's possible in the canon universe now.
It wasn't really all that newsworthy in Japan. Source: I live here.
G-sync/Free-sync probably affect it too.
G-sync is expensive and people are buying smaller monitors for that reason. Also PC gaming is growing and lots of people signed up for Steam accounts for the first time in 2015. NVIDIA has really upped their "entry level" card pricing too.
DVD sets are likely to rise in price as they move towards being niche products.
Same in Japanese.
So true. Like, "BRB gonna slam a couple brewskies before heading out." You're thinking 2 sounds good, but who knows - maybe it'll end up being three or four or eleven. Shit happens.
&gt; I don't buy that he simply did not notice or sense that his mentor actually possessed little to no force power. The entire Jedi council spent tons of time next to Palpatine without realizing he was a Sith, so anything is possible.
Japanese kids aren't under pressure to be "the best." They are under pressure to get into a good school and become one of millions of salarymen. It's a big difference. I am biased but I believe the US does it right. People are encouraged to chase their dreams.
In cat leagues he kinda sucks. Mediocre points/rebounds/threes and everything else can be found on the WW. He's absolutely not worth stashing in cat leagues, unless you're in a 14+ team league IMO.
Kyrie is in the same class.
I am gonna try out Ian Clark to stream Monday/Tuesday in his spot. Curry will probably sit those games and they played him 37 minutes tonight.
The injury happened from his collision with Barton, but it was still the cheapshot that caused it.
They were playing small ball nearly all game, so he didn't get put in. Look at JJ Hickson as a good pickup.
He's down to 0.5 steals a game, 5 rebounds, and just about 1 3PM. He just doesn't play well off the bench and he's not a focal part of the new D'antoni offense. This has been obvious for those who watch the Sixers play. Christ he only took 3 shots today. I replaced him with Larkin and not looking back. I am willing to bet money Larkin outperforms him over the next month (assuming Jack is out). EDIT: I just counted. 12 steals in his last 13 games. This is not a blip, this is a trend. EDIT2: The list of players averaging more steals than Cov over the last 30 days includes Cole Aldrich, Ronnie Price and OJ Mayo. It's over.
Depends entirely what stats you need. Green gets you 3PM and some steals. Larkin gets you assists and steals. Booker sucks, ignore him - you likely missed the Phoenix pickup with Warren. I would expect Larkin to perform very well if Jack is indeed done ROS. Something like 7/8 assists and 2 steals a game with 1 3PM. Also # of positions don't matter much. I routinely have 11-12 PG/SG on my roster. Just stream on days you need to fill a certain position. Honestly Larkin has the best upside from the players you mentioned, but Green should trend up to 2 3PM a game.
Can you come pick them up sometime? Should probably just bring a suitcase and some packing material (pillows would work). As for the parts, they're pretty well documented online. Apparently it's not uncommon for the capacitors to burn out on these guys and it's an easy fix. Also could be a fun excuse to tour Akihabara.
Unfortunately I have work during the week so it would have to be at night, and I tend to work quite late. It would have to be after 9PM on most nights. Tomorrow I am playing basketball in the evening after work so it'll be even tougher. How about next Saturday? I am free the whole day.
12/2/2/1/0 is pretty much his average over the last two weeks. That is waiver wire quality in anything up to 12-team.
I said last two week/s/. That includes this last week he is maintaining those averages. I will admit he has shown potential in isolated games. But consistency is key for your rostered players.
I had the same scare about a year ago. 6 year old budget PSU caused an electrical fire on one of my SATA drives. Thank god I was using the PC at the time. Never again. Only using well rated Japanese power supplies going forward.
I work with a guy who was recently made country head for a tech company - he would wear t-shirts and sandals to customer meetings where everyone was in black suits. He got fired. Shit happens.
Nice find, this was awesome.
He does love the garden and he's from NY.
&gt; Show me a program where the government was involved and its prices went down. Commodities like corn.
You're stoned.
Stream Ian Clark for Monday/Tuesday IMO. That'll be plenty of time to observe how he does and Curry's situation.
Do whatever you can to get in the playoffs and start optimizing schedules a few weeks in advance. That's how you survive injuries. Also look to trade injured players who are due to come back to the top teams who can afford to carry them for some "win now" players.
They might if he's pulling in millions at 27. Long term bet.
It's also harder to score with a faster pace of shots per minute, so that has to be factored in.
Why would they be worse with PG back??
I had 210 last week in a 12 team. Also 911 points and 96 3PM. It was an extreme outlier week.
Yeah it was by far the record for our league (in its 2nd year).
[For those curious what a 911 point week looks like](http://i.imgur.com/JrIzNhX.png)
Mine is 15 per roster.
Q: What do you call a group of cows masturbating? A: Beef stroganoff.
How does rice equal "raw"? Surely they aren't eating dry rice, right?
And there were lots of good post players in that era: Ewing, Jordan, Smits, Sabonis, even smaller guys like Barkley and Mark Jackson. The illegal defense rules and handcheck rules really changed the game.
They should stick him on KP for a while. Millsap is getting schooled by KP, giving up way too much height.
That double behind the back layup... wow.
Go work someplace and learn the trade for a bit. Recruiting jobs are a dime a dozen.
Are these trotters?
More that if the Spurs keep pace they have to protect that #1 seed.
I disagree entirely. If you project out possible playoff matchups, you can start building a roster specifically to beat that opponent. I did this last year to dethrone the strongest team in our league (they were on an 11 week win streak) but I game-planned to beat them for 3-4 weeks prior. I made sure I had 10 more games than them that week and targeted vulnerable categories.
Any idea if any of them ran at Yonkers?
Tigers. Koshien is like no other baseball stadium in the world. Probably best to buy from a conbini after you arrive, tix are cheap ($20).
With those ingredients there is no way that broth didn't taste delicious!
He was using it incorrectly in multiple spots. (he was referring to the foot you move, not the foot that stays planted)
Iso can exist in the Triangle. The last 4-5 seconds of every triangle possession for the Bulls was MJ iso time. &gt; We've began to take Melo for granted. Speak for yourself. Melo is a legend in my books.
He is coming back from major surgery. I think it's natural he's still finding his legs.
He's actually 1.1 rebounds away, but who's counting.
Dude some guy linked the clip 8 hours before you right above your comment.
You want an [electric hot pot](http://www.amazon.co.jp/gp/bestsellers/kitchen/16247441) (in Japanese "denki nabe").
It is happening, they're just playing on their phones now.
Barely a streamer candidate.
Big in New York
Eh, if I'm punting Blocks and FG% in 8cat I find Rose to contribute just fine.
As much fun that would be, he is not deserving of an all-star nod yet.
Eh, a lot of 2nd and 3rd time founding teams after successful exits are able to generate those "Cinderella Moments" at will. I've witnessed it - those teams already went through the growing pains and built the right connections and reputation to tee it up for the next one.
Gimme some examples of players who are better that I could find on the waiver wire (12 team). Keep in mind he's averaging just about 15 points and 5 assists.
How? I am leading my league in points, assists, FT%, steals and 3PM. I use him as one of many specialists for certain categories. In his case, he helps me win points and assists. He doesn't hurt me in the others since I punt them all. I can't believe so many people can't believe you can build a winning team with Rose on your roster.
I punt blocks, rebounds, FG%. We're 8-cat so we don't count turnovers.
This is not Shibuya-kei.
What??
He's basically Latrell Spreewell 2.0
It wouldn't surprise me if Kawhi snapped and did something insane someday. He keeps all that emotion bottled in.
I thought I was doing a punt rebound build but I accidentally made my team competitive in boards thanks to Zaza. I love this man. BTW other Zaza owners, feel free to use my team logo: https://i.imgur.com/3HPyQcZ.png
I expect a big trade coming up for the Nuggets. They'd be insane to keep the team intact as is.
I started the day losing Ft% and picked up Jamal Crawford for tomorrow like a chump. Now I'm up 4%. Thank you Mr. Williams.
He had a shoulder stinger recently that was killing his shot for a couple weeks. Looks like he's healthy now!
Sure but he has mastered the art of falling on his ass to absorb contact and protect his ankles. Good thing he's got dat ghetto booty.
Seems like a decent trade, but you might want to play up Gasol's playoff schedule and try to go for more value to the people at the top of your league. You might be able to get some extra value from a greedy guy eyeing the championship.
I'm free later on tonight if you're okay with late night shenanigans in either Shibuya or Shinjuku. Where are you now?
From 11. Late night Saturdays in Shibuya are pretty fun. I just got over the flu so dying to get out of my house tbh. I don't mind to show you around a bit. (I'm assuming you're a tourist?)
Take a power nap for 3 hours and come out haha I live walking distance to Shibuya so feel free to msg me anytime tonight. I'm easy.
Sounds good.
No worries. I'll be around tomorrow too if you get bored.
If he goes for it, that is a heck of a trade.
I would in a heartbeat. KD tends to be injury prone.
Crazy depth. You have to experience it to understand.
SF needs to suck it up and allow more vertical development already. They're screwing their own citizens.
He's on that Patrick Ewing tip.
&gt; Now why would developers want to build in a market with such a high demand and low supply? Because they would print money? Developers aren't landlords - they aren't eroding their own profits.
Mike Woodson was not a good coach but man could that guy get the best performances out of JR. There's a reason he won sixth man of the year as a Knick.
You seem to be trolling all over this thread, so it's tough to tell.
Wow I wonder how Netflix feels about Spacey doing an Amazon show.
&lt;3 respect, bro
I want to read long form stories about this, you can leave the specific names out.
Covington is done. The new D'antoni offense doesn't agree with him and they've been winning games since they moved him to the bench.
Is Hibbert taken?
He's talking about the hand check rules.
He falls as a defense mechanism he started using because of all his ankle sprains as a young player.
Huh?
The Willy Randolph treatment.
Were they using him to guard Lebron? I didn't catch the game.
It's called the mecca for a reason.
Hand is considered part of the ball, actually. You are allowed to smack the player's hand (not the wrist or arm) under the rules. This is one of the biggest misconceptions in sports.
He's a great streamer but that's about it.
I'd say over 50% of jpop songs have that syllable in them. Just listen to lots of music.
Babymetal is still small potatoes in the big picture.
I was more thinking about an injury but that could happen too!
Vungle offers free creative for a fairly small minimum buy. Might be worth looking into.
That's some nice historical revisionism there.
Of course, but the kid just turned 21. He's got lots of time to cement a legacy of his own.
I'd be happy if Mike Conley can take over as our veteran presence, though.
&lt;3 Ellis, I had him as one of my keepers. Underrated and off the radar for most.
Robert Covington. The highest of highs and the lowest of lows.
Harden is always in the discussion if you're playing 8cat.
In punt FG% build he's been incredible. First round value for sure.
[You don't say?](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybball/comments/3z8qxe/player_appreciation_robert_covington/)
I think the existence of /r/japanlife inherently turns Tokyo into "tourist central." It's not a good thing or a bad thing, it just is. We've also got a decent track record for facilitating local meetings (whether for meetups, events, swapping goods, etc.) that are inappropriate for /r/japanlife. I would love suggestions for how this subreddit can be improved. Would people be interested in info on Tokyo jobs? I work in the recruiting industry and am a bit of an expert on it. EDIT: Fuck it, I'm gonna prepare a mega-post on job hunting in Tokyo. Time to contribute some good content.
There's a place in Shomikitazawa that is supposed to be good, but I don't recall the name (sorry).
I hope he's all right. Staph is dangerous, especially if it's MRSA.
lol remember when Jerry Yang turned down $44B from Microsoft?
I don't think homosexuality is a fad.
Technically I think he played 19 seconds in the second half.
I'm sure Jakarr Sampson thanks his lucky stars every day for the existence of Philly.
Higher ceiling for the rest of this season? I'm not sure I agree but hoping to get more opinions.
Larkin is best, believe it.
Drop him.
Why do you need a PG? Is there a minimum requirement?
Usually centers, though. I've never heard of a team having too few point guards since there's so many of them that put up good numbers
I said trade.
I don't think he's a generational talent, unless you think he's the best player since Jordan.
Isn't 6'5" average for a SG?
Reminder: The Nets took the Warriors to overtime.
Yeah, Rudy is a baller. He's gonna get his buckets no matter where he goes. He's one of those guys that teams need to build around because he doesn't need to alter his game to be effective.
&gt; "change direction very fast, and stop on a dime" sounds like footwork to me. I get what you're saying but just FYI that's not how "footwork" is typically used in a basketball context. It nearly always refers to post play.
It's unlikely that lineup is ever used against an opponent's starting lineup, that's a huge reason for it.
This is how it is in Japan and I love it. 7PM EST is 9AM here :)
Been using him ever since he went to Memphis. Pro-tip: If you want to win FT%, get him and Lou Williams on your squad.
He would fit in so well on Detroit, too. Reggie Jackson isn't really a pass-first PG so Green could take an active role in the offense. Plus that front line with Drummond would be lethal.
He'd be what they wanted Josh Smith to be.
Modern's clams casino pie is otherworldly.
Yeah it's a style from her hometown (Amami Oshima), very similar to Okinawan folk singing. Her live performances aren't that great, unfortunately, but she shines on her recordings.
&gt; No, I have never met a racist Japanese. Are you kidding? Go ask random Japanese people their thoughts on the Chinese or Koreans or blacks.
I can one up you. I was in NYC for 9/11, Tokyo for 3/11, and CT for Sandy Hook :(
Mostly dumb crimes (fighting, rapes, the occasional murder, theft) committed by off-base servicemen. And general stereotypes.
Wow he looks terrified. Very interesting video. I wonder if his body size contributed to why he survived. He looks a bit overweight which might have helped him stay warm.
Green isn't quite talented enough. KP is a dark horse. AD I fear will end up in the same class as Bernard King. Prolific player who gets forgotten over time due to their lack of postseason success.
How on earth did he get so open?
12 seconds, but yeah.
Wall outperformed Westbrook at the combine numbers. But take it with a grain of salt - so did Jeremy Lin.
5 dribbles coast to coast, between all 5 defenders. Incredible.
Bro he was 11/13 from the line. Cut him some slack.
The tech call wasn't weird. He was yelling at a heckler in the crowd. Any negative interaction with a fan during a game is an instant tech.
From the catch to crossing the line. But yeah, he slowed down at the end.
Lol @ trying to go zone against Mullin and Jackson's Johnnies.
Shhh.... he's our little secret.
Definitely not Japanese.
He does the postgame for Indiana.
He's a staple on my team. Gets enough points/assists/threes to be very valuable.
Also he's ultra-consistent. I've been tracking his averages week by week and they barely move. It's really impressive.
I'm sorry but Brook Lopez boxing out is infinitely more valuable than Shane Larkin snagging a free board.
Actually the hard parts of their infrastructure leverage Amazon's data centers. They punted that part of their core competency (probably wisely) and are the #1 customer for their biggest competitor.
&gt; I'd argue even further that at its base that a guard grabbing a rebound gets the possession started faster and in the right hands. Entirely depends. Some bigs are amazing at starting the fast break. Think Kevin Love (or the all-time best - Kurt Rambis).
Or a dominant offensive force. Hakeem, Shaq, Wilt, Kareem, even Ewing would be wreaking havoc on today's defenses. Surround them with three point shooters and watch out.
It's a balance thing. I totally get what you're saying.
Wow, that's got 3 dominant defenders (JR, Shump, Lebron), 3 dominant offensive players (Irving, Lebron, JR) and all the rebounding you need in TT. I really, really like that lineup.
Just buy it on Amazon.co.jp - they ship internationally and support English. I checked, it's on there.
I think the issue is, if the team properly boxes out, it doesn't make much difference who grabs the boards. Statistically guards who play with Brook Lopez get more boards than those that don't. Does that make them better rebounders? Not likely. That's why people downplay it.
I'm really confused how this is useful in an environment where you have a microwave available.
Less to do with rule changes hurting the bigs than it is rule changes helping the guards. No handchecking is crazy - there is literally nobody in the world who can stay in front of most NBA starting point guards without using their hands or forearms.
These already exist, just FYI. Lots of exclusive groups on LinkedIn.
But the drug thing is true.
Maybe the guy needs threes and steals? It's not crazy. Ariza is very valuable in that kind of build.
And yet people still hate on him. I'm #1 in my league with D. Rose on my roster.
His above average points and assists are great for my punt Fg%/blocks/turnovers/rebounds build, actually.
He's actually averaging a decent amount of assists.
It's 8cat so turnovers are punted by default. I'm leading my league in points, assists, steals, threes, and Ft%
[Here](http://i.imgur.com/Zu3pfuK.png) are the standings. I am #1 (Harden Soul). [Here](http://i.imgur.com/7oyOhRI.png) are the over-all stats for the season. You can see I am first place overall in points, threes, assists, steals and FT%. I am dead last in FG%, 2nd to last in blocks, 4th to last in rebounds. Rose is great for my team because he helps me dominate points &amp; assists and I can use other specialists to win threes and steals. He doesn't get to the line often enough to hurt me in FT%. The specialists for steals and threes are always on the WW. If you notice I have the most add/drops in the whole league too. I use my max # of stream slots every week, unless I am dominating going into Sunday in which I use the leftover stream slots to set up the Monday/Tuesday of the next week. That's why Rose is good for my team and why I am so sick of people saying he's useless in fantasy.
No game limit. Positional requirement is 1 each of PG, SG, SF, PF, C, then 1 G, 1 F, and 3 UTILs. I would run the identical strategy in 9cat. You only need to win 5 categories to succeed. The biggest thing about my team is all my options are high volume &amp; high minute players. I usually finish 100-300 more minutes played per week than my opponent. That allows the law of averages to work its magic. I target volume shooters like Harden, Lou Williams... Even Mario Chalmers becomes very valuable because his FT% impact is very high. I try to keep as few bigs on my roster as possible. Every few weeks I might have to stream a C or PF to fill a spot, but I stream every day anyway so who cares? My before the draft strategy was to carefully rank exactly who I wanted in order. I wrote out about 100 players who fit my build and ranked them from 1-100 then drafted the best available one from that list when it was my turn. Also build around your best player. In my case, I got Harden with my first pick so by default I want to target his strong stats: FT%, points, assists, steals, threes. If I had KD maybe I don't do a FG% punt, for example. I firmly believe that it's easier to dominate with a guard-heavy roster because there are so many good ones. It's a lot harder to get talented bigs who fit your build. Plus rebounds are cheap so it's easy for your competition to upset that category anyway. Assists are the hardest category to win, so I always draft those guys earlier in the draft and make sure my whole roster averages 3+ assists if possible. That's why Rose is awesome for my build. His 5 assists a game make a real difference. Target high minutes per game &amp; low injury risk players, though! That's the only reason my strategy works. Harden is leading the league in minutes played 2 years in a row now. That's why I would take Harden over KD or AD in a heartbeat. Oh, and the last thing is playoff schedule. That's another reason I targeted Rose.
Easy - make a different list for each player you may be able to snag in the first round.
Delta have really upped their game. I have a quarter million miles logged on United but Delta has the superior seats, entertainment systems and free booze/food. But usually just take the cheap option and spend the difference in NYC :)
Steph Curry.
If we give Conley a max what does that mean for our ability to go after KD?
By that argument Bernard King is in the conversation. Gotta count longevity and rings in the argument too, IMO.
Rings are important to weed out people putting up great numbers on awful teams IMO.
Yeah well "rings" is just a euphemism for success. If KD never reclaims his early playoff success the all-time books won't be so kind to him, just like guys like English.
Technically we could still see all of those things.
No Melo?
My point is the over all volume of posts isn't at critical mass yet. If you discourage low effort posts we'll have a ghost town. Let it grow organically for a while then cull the herd. That's how successful online communities develop.
Any subreddit is packed with low effort posts when put under a microscope dude.
Why are you here if it sucks so bad?
They cut it to 7 in the third quarter.
Don't knock the cost of living adjustment.
Not sure if you didn't know this or not but rents in Japan are considerably cheaper than in the US.
Are you unhappy with your current gaming set-up? If not you might want to wait till the next card comes out (1080Ti?) to get even better and more consistent framerates. Just a thought.
Damn I forgot about Thibs in Minnesota. That team is gonna be wild.
Not to mention all the injuries. Brandon Knight is a borderline all star when healthy.
Sounds like the Yankees.
Wait till Shohei Otani comes over.
$300M will do that.
You're confusing the amount raised with the valuation.
Morey sucks, though, let's be real. He's won 3 playoff series in 9 years. That's only 2 more than the Knicks over the same stretch. And his team is trending in the opposite direction now.
Horrific fielding. The pitcher just stood there watching instead of covering home. It would have saved a run in a close game.
Hmm this could end up being cheaper than buying it locally here in Japan, considering it looks like they don't charge sales/consumption tax, the good exchange rate at the moment, and 3-5 day shipping is only $46.
I have a debit card that pays 2% cash back on all purchases. I have one credit card for some repeating monthly bills but otherwise I try to use cash to help exercise some fiscal discipline.
Not to mention he's batting .359 with 9 HR.
There are ticket shops that will buy at a pretty big discount. That is the easiest and safest way to do it.
People forget this guy was the #1 ranked player in the country at one point and got drafted out of high school as a guard, which is extraordinarily difficult. Homeboy can ball.
Um, Jason Kidd? He turned the Knicks into a #2 seed at two years OLDER than he was on the Mavs.
From Yamate Ramen main store near University of Tokyo Komaba campus.
You're severely underestimating Kidd's influence. His fall off due to age was the only reason we didn't advance to the ECF.
Is harness included?
Try Lunesta or maybe Melatonin?
Doitsu mo (every one) koitsu mo (this one) Logically it makes sense. Translates to "Gah is everyone retarded??" etc.
It really sounds like a bad trip.
LINE Mobile is the way to go.
Anyone seen one with a length under 10.5" yet?
It looks like many of the founders editions cards are exactly 10.5". Haven't found an AIB version at 10.5" or less yet, though.
Haha I built this rig in 2008. Still going strong! For better or worse I'm married to this case &lt;3
Wow what a compact little rig. Well done.
That looks quite similar. I think you're right. 10.5" max it is (with power connectors on the side)! Thanks for the help and the information. Some of the FE's are 10.5". I might just go with one of those, they seem to have good performance from the early reviews (for the 1070).
Mind to explain the blower thing to me? I am worried because of the lack of gap between the edge of the card and the hard disk bay that it won't have sufficient airflow for a non-blower to work properly. I live in a very hot city and my room's ambient temperatures can get very hot. I thought a blower might be superior in these conditions but I'm really not sure. I've never used one before.
Hmm... You've given me a lot to think about! The good news is I am doing a CPU swap &amp; new CPU cooler install this week (Noctua NH-D14 mmmmm) so I'll have plenty of time to mess around with the inside of the case and inspect things, in order to make the proper call. I don't have good ventilation &amp; ambient temperatures in my room, so this is a concern for me. I've never really had anything close to a silent PC before so it'll be interesting to see how good I can get it. I only keep 2 3.5" hard disks in my rig on a RAID-1 configuration and 1 SSD, so I'm not so concerned about the disk bays. I'm more concerned about airflow inside the case &amp; also the longer wait for the AIB designs. EDIT: I am also concerned about the general well-being of my motherboard. It's an X58 model from 2008 that I love very much and want to extend its life as long as possible. I'm thinking the reference cooler on the GPU might help it stay nice and cool, at the sacrifice of extra heat on the GPU &amp; higher noise levels. I wish more reviews covered these things.
Sweet, got my order in for a Zotac. I hope it ships June 10th like they say. $42 shipped to Japan + no mark-up + no tax means I'll save a few hundred bucks over what it will cost locally &lt;3
By my research blower cards tend to keep the other components in the case at a considerably lower temperature than open-air designs. This is particularly pronounced in cases with poor airflow/ventilation. If you have difficult-to-replace components, you may be want to let the GPU bear the bulk of the heat and keep your CPU/RAM/mobo/etc. nice and cool via the blower cooler. That's a valid reason to go with the FE. But really in most cases you should spend the extra bucks on a new case and fix your airflow problems and go with a cheaper/better AIB.
Just FYI they will be closed for an orthodox Jewish holiday from 2PM on the 10th till the 14th. They promised an update via email before they go on holiday. They will be shipping on a first come, first serve basis based on preorder timestamps and they will honor cancellations. This is based on a chat I just had with them right now. I got one of the first orders in for a Zotac 1070 and hoping I can get it shipped the morning of the 10th.
Damn.
I got a confirmation I was one of the very first people to order the Zotac 1070 FE from B&amp;H. I am hoping I can get one of however small their puny inventory is shipped out on the 10th. Very wishful thinking! Godspeed, fellow 1070 FE pre-orderers :)
Not sure. My previous card is a Zotac and I had a great experience with it.
MSRP.
500W should be fine (if it's Bronze 80+ or better).
Ask them where you are in line. They told me. It'll make a difference as they will treat it first come, first serve.
Milk Thistle seems to be helpful to me.
Same. I am putting the 1070 in a 2008 X58 rig I own. Upgrades I've made, though: 1) Tri-channel 12GB ram 2) SSD 3) Xeon x5675 6-core processor 4) Gigantic Noctua heatsink I think it'll be fine.
Spoke to B&amp;H about an hour ago. They have not received their shipment of Zotac 1070s yet :( I may be looking for an alternative place to buy.
&gt; he heard that Knicks' fans didn't want him That's basically every Knicks free agent signing or draft pick. Welcome to New York sports.
I live in Tokyo.
Going from a 750 Ti. It's gonna be awesome.
That's the hallmark of every Kuroutoshikou graphics card. They're very niche and I think only in Japan. Their brand name means "Oriented for Experts" which sounds kinda cool in Japanese. [Here's](http://www.4gamer.net/games/216/G021677/20130624048/TN/001.jpg) another cool design.
I moved from i7-920. It's amazing. The chip runs ultra-cool, scales the clock beautifully and people all over the web say they can overclock well over 4Ghz without issue (I haven't tried yet myself). I installed it with the Noctua NH-D14 cooler and it runs over 25C cooler than the i7-920 with the Intel stock cooler now, with HIGHER performance and lower temps. I highly, highly recommend upgrading to the best Xeon chip you can find. I go tmine for under $100 on ebay.
Hey - I wanted to thank you so much. I installed my Xeon X5675 with a Noctua NH-D14 cooler today. It runs literally 25C cooler than my i7-920 w/ intel stock cooler did under load (and that is with the fans set at the lowest speed!). What an amazing little chip. Let's keep the X58 spirit alive for a few more years :)
Haven't OC'd yet. My case has very bad airflow so trying to do some improvements in that area (installing a new fan today actually). After I get my GTX 1070 installed I'll check thermals and see how much room I have to OC. I opted for a FE to get the blower fan because I don't want my motherboard heating up more than it already is. My northbridge runs uncomfortably high at the moment and I am trying to do what I can to extend its life for as long as possible. So once I get the new fan and GTX 1070 installed I'll start playing around with the overclock settings. Noctuas are nice, btw! Very high quality components. I was impressed by the NH-D14 install.
I know, but I'm pretty attached to my case at this point. It's got nostalgia value for me :) Plus the extra fan was like $5. The FE wasn't bad though. $449 with no tax and only $40 bucks or so to ship across the globe. I can live with that! It's very unclear when exactly Japan (where I live) will get any stock at all.
Just finished the install. Huge improvement! Northbridge temp is down nearly 20 degrees. I have it sucking in clean air from the front of the case and blasting it right over the motherboard and CPU cooler. I think putting the blower 1070 FE right below that fan will give me the desired level of cool. Finally! I think I will have the rig I was hoping for all these years. I was never satisfied with my cooling till now. EDIT: I left some [blood](http://i.imgur.com/AH9dUQI.jpg) in the case too.
Bro you know we don't know that and probably never will.
Eh Chris Paul is shorter and much better on D.
&gt; probably the best seasons we've ever seen from a point guard. Um, I think Steph Curry just had the best season ever for a point guard.
&gt; Early 90's MJ is one that everyone likes to forget. Pretty sure you mean 80s MJ. He won a title in the 1991 season.
&gt; The resurrection of Shaun Livingston. Bro he put in work on the Nets. Don't act like it was his move to Golden State that revived him.
Not unpopular dude. He teed them up for Kerr. St Johns represent.
There is probably no better option if you 1) want to buy new and 2) have about $100 budget.
Why not a 1070 though?
Wow Clyde with 8. He put in some serious work during his finals appearances.
I wonder why he's so streaky, though. Lack of experience?
Bovada! = Vegas
With my 500W psu I'll stick with the 1070.
Any update?
Have they shipped yet? I got one early but they haven't shipped it yet.
NewEgg doesn't ship to my country.
I just dropped an X5675 into mine. Very similar build, I replaced an i7-920 and use a big-ass Noctua cooler. At stock it runs considerably faster (3+Ghz clock) but the real trick is how well it will overclock since the Xeons are binned higher and have a 95W TDP. Lots of overhead.
It wouldn't be cleveland without fat white people.
Looking at that case, go for a blower IMO. I don't see where you could add an extra case fan.
Don't you hate on Melo, homey. He earned that contract.
That was when he went full Worm mode, too.
His workout video reminded me a LOT of Porzingis's last year.
Um, none of their hype matches Kareem or Ewing (Except maybe Lebron).
I was one of the lucky first ones to buy it on Amazon Japan. Sorry, B&amp;H, I had to cancel my Zotac preorder because you couldn't tell me when it was shipping!
Kuroutoshikou. Local Japanese hardware company.
That's their logo! It's made by a small local vendor called Kuroutoshikou.
63,000 with tax and same day delivery.
63,000 yen with 8% tax and same day delivery.
They do! [Link here](https://www.amazon.co.jp/%E7%8E%84%E4%BA%BA%E5%BF%97%E5%90%91-%E3%83%93%E3%83%87%E3%82%AA%E3%82%AB%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89GEFORCE-1080%E6%90%AD%E8%BC%89-GF-GTX1080-E8GB-BLF/dp/B01G4NIEUE/ref=sr_1_5?s=computers&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1466257394&amp;sr=1-5&amp;keywords=gtx+1080)
Update: Pretty happy with my Firestrike score with no CPU or GPU overclock: http://www.3dmark.com/fs/8851097 It's quiet as a church mouse too, even on load. Don't believe the hype about the FE's being loud.
Firestrike: http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/12549712 This is on an X58 motherboard from 2008 with no overclock. I'm really happy my rig will still have some good use for a few more years.
They do but availability has been bad so far. I got extremely lucky to even get the FE this fast. Maybe in one month it'll be better.
Noise is really not an issue. The reference cooler is uber quiet.
Amazon Japan.
Heh my case maxes out at 10.5". I got lucky. I had to pull on the metal to get the thing into my machine, and moved some SATA connectors or else it wouldn't fit. I feel for ya, brotha.
Do you not pay your own electric bill?
Easy with the hyperbole. Jerry West?
Mo Will is the more talented &amp; experienced player, let's be honest.
Hibbert is a good rim protector because he's 7'2" and huge. It ain't rocket science.
Origin is just the flat out better product. The issue is they are limited on games.
Melo + KP + DD is a pretty damn potent offense. We just need a guard who can pass and play D and we're solid.
&gt; absurd freezing wut?
Also I don't think JR has the basketball IQ or style to play the triangle properly. That was definitely a part of Phil's logic with the salary dump.
It pains me to say it as a Yankees fan but Boston over NY in 2004 was a more impressive comeback.
It does. But you need to print it out often because it only keeps the most recent transactions.
Dude he played on the Sonics for a season.
Dude Waiters took my phone and went through my messages after the game in 2K. That shit was fucked up.
Too soon
Shooting Guards gotta look out for one another.
Equinox?
I'm assuming it's Equinox. I've seen Melo and KP there before.
Awesome analysis. The other thing that would be huge is Noah is a city kid and long-time ex-teammate of D. Rose. His ability and friendship to help acclimate Derrick to the city life would be HUGE. I think everyone knows that Rose can be somewhat mentally fragile when he's unfocused or stressed. Signing Noah would lock up our C spot for the near future and give Rose the best chance for success on the Knicks.
Melo and Lebron tend to cancel each other out as far as points go. Obviously Lebron is the superior facilitator, though. They're both beasts on the glass.
I swapped out my 920 for a Xeon X5675 (six core 32nm process) chip. Got it for $70 on ebay. There are lots of old Xeons you can swap in for easy performance gains in an old X58 build.
You sure know a lot about batteries.
&lt;3
Spreewell, Marbury, Nate Robinson, 2 weeks of Jeremy Lin...
His Per 36 numbers last season were career highs, actually, up until he got injured.
Umm, did you not watch Latrell Spreewell? The guy didn't make a First Team All-NBA squad by accident. Please [watch these highlights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OZS9P3YraY) from the NBA Finals and tell me he's not athletic and aggressive.
&gt; the Rose trade is a low risk, no reward move. The guy is a fucking MVP and finally healthy again. Withhold some judgment, dude.
If we just get his post-all star game production from last year that'll be huge. This is his contract year. He's gonna come in locked in and focused to get that next humongous deal (possibly the largest of his entire life).
We don't need MVP rose. We need 2015-2016 post-all star break rose.
Or we flip him mid-season to a contender for a huge haul? Or we let him expire and free up $22M in cap space? Or his presence lets us attract a real top level free agent? All the possible outcomes are good ones.
Pachulia beasted the first half of last season but fell off a cliff. He was getting CD-DNPs by the end.
You're awfully negative for this early in the pre-season, dude. If I were you I would take some time off the boards and relax for a bit, if for your health if anything.
&gt; When you have a negative opinion of what the team does, do you just repress it or something? I save it for the inevitable disappointment that's due in 5-10 months like all lifetime Knicks fans do. No sense killing the unrealistic optimism buzz this early in the off-season. Come on, is this your first time rooting for NY sports?
lol Sabonis just fucking with the college kids with that one handed catch and hook shot. You could tell he knew that level of competition was below him.
He was 22 when he was drafted.
It wasn't really his athletic prime, though. Robinson was 22 years old at the time and hadn't worked out with NBA trainers yet.
Thank you for this, man. Melo is my favorite player in the league and this made my day. So clutch. Wettest J in the league.
FWIW, I have a very small case and the FE barely fits (actually so far the FE is the smallest of all the versions, too). It's super quiet (I can't hear it over my case fans which are not super loud) and runs cool with a tweaked fan curve (never gets over 75C - the thing is designed to run all day at 82C by NVIDIA btw). Since my case has poor airflow and is tight for the space, the FE has been a lifesaver. It overclocks easily with Afterburner and has plenty of headroom even with my modest 500W PSU. I would highly recommend the FE for people in similar situations to me. My northbridge already runs uncomfortably hot so anything to keep the hot air out of the case entirely is a huge plus for me. I would be scared to run a powerful AIB without doing a case transfer first.
I hear ya. Maybe ride the 970 and save up for a 4K monitor upgrade in tandem with the big boy coming out? (1080Ti?)
It's called "the eye test" and it's a real thing.
It goes back a couple years at least.
Me too, homey. High five
Daikokuya nearly always has the best rates.
Scumbag.
You forgot that. Frazier, Reed and King have all been given deity status.
This is the right answer.
That came out when the six people overdosed and that story came out. These are the worst kinds of people (the dealers who would do that). Risking addicts' lives by misleading them, for what, a few hundred bucks? Pathetic. I hope they get life in prison.
To be fair, it's a nice product. The big issue was the supply/demand fuckup IMO.
Also Kimutaku is really not a great voice actor. That was a poor casting decision IMO.
Kimutaku is more of a pretty boy/eye candy celebrity than he is a talented actor.
Find a recruiter you trust and ask him or her. The general public has a terrible ability to fairly rate companies.
That is an awful starting lineup. Brook will need to get 35/15/5/1/3 for them to contend.
I think Horford's game will age gracefully though. He's pretty cerebral (like Pau Gasol) only with defensive toughness.
Good recruiters don't work with shitty companies (or if they do, they are upfront about it). Their reputation is on the line. Unfortunately 90% of recruiters are not good recruiters. Stay away from the mega-shops IMO (Robert Walters, Hays, etc.)
Knicks was decent.
Rose, Lee, Hernangomez, Holiday, Jennings, even guys like Ron Baker and Kuzminskas have all been pleasant surprises. And Jeff Hornacek is overachieving IMO. We completely rehauled the roster.
Bro Rose's expiring contract combined with his good play lately would be worth a lot on the open market.
Quantum &amp; DNA computing, for starters.
As someone old enough to remember the start of Dejanews, and then the Google acquisition of Dejanews, I can tell you that it's not uncommon for things you think are ephemeral to become permanent overnight. Your concerns are well founded.
I was watching some of his ASU games the other day. The guy is an absolute basketball savant. He's on a different level this year, maybe only Lebron is on his level.
Harden is playing in a system carefully designed by the front office, composed by D'antoni and orchestrated by the Beard. It's not stat chasing, it's carefully designed to maximize efficiency, decrease variance by pumping up the volume of high efficiency shots, and outscore opponents. It's a thing of beauty and the pinnacle of D'antoni's career IMO.
The Rockets are averaging only 0.5 turnovers more per game than the #1 Warriors. This ain't your grandpa's NBA.
As a cultural phenomenon it's interesting, but those 3 songs you linked are just awful. I don't know how people can listen to that regularly.
Yup, they are usually modular and easy to replace. When my PSU burned out it literally caught the inside of my case on fire (a fluke short was the likely cause). So just be careful. Underpowered electronics is not something to play with. You should be fine, I think. It is rated for 500W after all. If you start adding new stuff like lots of hard disks, you may need to reevaluate it.
If Beal, Wall &amp; Porter are max players, why aren't the Wizards any good?
Except the portability feature which you can't ignore.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-30483762 Adjusted for purchasing parity, it's larger than the US by some measures.
Eh, for people with long commutes on public transport, it seems pretty cool.
I thought you were describing Khris Middleton for a second.
It's not a pure home console. That's the point.
They are gonna need to reach a userbase a heck of a lot larger than the Wii U's for this thing to be a success. They need crossover to the DS world.
Because it wasn't hip to share articles making fun of everything the preacher believes in on social media. That's what is fueling this nonsense (along with some very irresponsible administrators and professors).
&gt; Duncan never won without Parker and Ginobli. I'm okay with erasing 1999 from the record books if you are.
Westbrook &amp; Harden is no joke.
I remember watching all 6 of MJ's championship seasons live, AMA.
Google Maps lets you download maps for offline use for free &amp; GPS works while in airplane mode, with no roaming charges. Try it sometime.
I dunno I think calling John Rocker a redneck was justified &lt;3
That is ignoring the reality of how news travels across social media and gossip channels these days. Incredibly irresponsible of Buzzfeed to run the story and it will come back to bite them in the ass, watch.
Why does he deserve blame for winning the game by the rules as they are laid out? That's like getting mad at the Warriors winning by shooting a bunch of threes.
I wish we had draft picks, bro.
Productivity &amp; wages haven't been linked since the early 70s.
Just curious, when you say pay is amazing, how much is it?
You'll be fine. I've got a much older CPU and things are fine. You won't even notice a small bottleneck unless you're seriously trying to future proof in which case a 1070 won't cut it anyway.
If it's on PS Now it's no longer an exclusive.
This is available on PC now via PS Now.
In all likelihood keeping the salary cap flexibility for the Warriors will increase his lifetime earnings tremendously.
Masahiro Tanaka scoffs. (52 2⁄3 innings in 5 days)
I had one as a kid. It worked surprisingly well.
When you manage a trillion dollars in assets you gotta be more responsible than that.
Holiday is frustrating. Honestly it's a bad trade for you unless you desperately need assists.
Melo's gotta go up strong with that, man. Come on, dude!
I read an article saying the reason he keeps the huge beard is to embellish his offensive movements and also selling contact.
He's got some of the worst body language for a superstar I've ever seen. Cousins is the only guy who mopes more than him.
He says "Swish" (JR's nickname).
Nah I used to hang with the players at my school (D1 former powerhouse). I saw plenty of paper bags of cash handed over. It's pretty direct in a lot of cases.
I think he'll be like Gary Payton and win one on a contender late in his career.
When you make it use high heated water and a small serving cup. Pour out the first cup after it steeps for 30 seconds or so. After that, you can steep it 6 or 7 times usually. Delicious stuff - big in Taiwan!
Bay Area Warriors would be pretty dope.
Fuck Evan Fournier. I'm done drafting Frenchmen.
I feel like I just took a masters level seminar from 1 short paragraph. You're a great businessman, Gabe.
Dry shake followed by wet shake.
YOU HEARD ME
I offered Covington. Our guy with CP3 is a half game out of the playoffs.
Does George Gervin no longer exist? Kawhi has a ways to go.
Owned him 3 years now. He's as streaky as it gets.
Columbia is no different.
Uh, stubhub and go alone dude. You dun fucked up.
But Ryan Anderson can't make a shot at home. (Seriously, go look up his splits)
He does seem to love dribbling in circles.
Same here. I dumped his ass and he's been sitting on the wire ever since.
ESPN eligibility for him is... PF, SG. Lol
Not veto worthy.
I think his floor spacing is severely underrated too.
As a life long Knicks fan, just wanted to say great post man. I feel embarrassed that we didn't do better by Melo.
&gt; Might be the most unsung Hall of Famer ever Calvin Murphy says hi.
Yup.
Not to mention that he has Crohn's disease.
Don't you guys have like a million picks? Why not start trading them and going for broke? What's Ainge waiting for?
Makes sense. Thanks!
I lost $100 on that. Was so pissed.
You guys made the 2nd round four years ago. You're acting like you're the Twolves.
Except the Celtics were real contenders only a few years ago...
Sure, but as a franchise with considerably worse playoff success since 2000, I have zero sympathy for you guys when you act like you're the worst in sports.
Bro you know exactly what he's talking about. Don't be dense.
Lebron is a better rim protector.
Dude GE is probably the most iconic American company of all time. I would be proud to be repped by them. Look at what Phildadelphia got.
It could also be to help save some wind for the bigs so they're fresher later in games and in the playoffs. I know as a big myself that having a great rebounding guard so I can just focus on boxing out and not chasing the boards, is a luxury. Also Steven Adams isn't that quick.
He was an amazing Knick. He's the reason we got Melo &amp; made the playoffs.
Totally cool with that. The Knicks have won one playoff series since 1999. Just sell out the garden and have magic happen every night. Melo brings us excitement.
Yeah I seriously question the decision to have him guard so many of the Beard's possessions. Daring James Harden to "have to beat you" rarely ends well. Shoulda put Covington on him from start to finish.
All depends on your punt strategy.
So you took a lot of words to come to the conclusion that I was right. It all depends on the punt strategy ;)
Harden &amp; Westbrook #1 and #2 this season (by a considerable lead) in a punt FG%, TO, blocks, rebound build, according to Basketball Monster. That would be a pretty typical build where you are going for nearly all guards. EDIT: BTW with more and more bigs becoming competent in stats like FT%, 3PM (even Ryan Anderson is C eligible now! Brook Lopez had 7 threes yesterday, Embiid 4-5 from three tonight, etc.) and even assists, this build is getting easier to pull off. I recommend everyone here at least look into this punt strategy if you can get your hands on one of the elite guards in the category (Harden, Westbrook, Curry, etc.)
The point is it's a realistic draft strategy to punt traditional big stats. There are loads of talented guard stat stuffers available even in the later rounds.
Yeah if the machine understands it's playing 120,000 hands against the same opponents it may make sense to overpay for information at strategic points.
There were some moves in AlphaGo's matches that all the experts immediately assumed were major -EV moves (and therefore mistakes) that were proven to be optimal and new strategies that mankind had never seen before after dozens of moves later on. AI doesn't operate like us humans. It's likely we'll never understand some of its logic.
There is almost no chance to play all 9 categories and win in the playoffs in competitive leagues. That's why you must DOMINATE 5/9.
Austin gets a ring if they win this year too.
Why? Felton was a good Knick. That Felton/Kidd combo and Felton/STAT combo worked well.
Bernard King representing for NY.
Lebron in Harden's role would absolutely improve Houston's chances. He's as good a passer and penetrator but his big improvement would come on the defensive end.
Wow Kobe shot the three at a better clip than Harden this season? Impressive.
It's priced about 20% cheaper here than in the US, fwiw.
Seriously the improvement of effects from JAWS to Jurassic Park was amazing. Spielberg was a master.
So?
I have been on a 500W bronze PSU for over six months with the 1070, You'll have no issues, but consider getting a UPS.
So why not do that on another team, say, Boston?
I think it'll feel empty deep inside and they'll get more insular as time goes on to protect their egos. Unless they lose of course.
Dude prime Parker was absolutely as good as Dray. Don't disrepect the future hall of famer like that.
He's got a bit of a Ray Allen type streak in him. Introverted, not interested in friendships and PR so much. It makes him come off cold. Young Kobe had a lot of the same personality but he was a flashier player and chilled out over the years.
Still has to feel cheap.
Dude, Kareem was absolutely the best player on that Lakers team. He won Finals MVP for a reason.
That baby face is paying dividends.
So are you.
I mean you are projecting by assuming I am projecting
If I had Tim Duncan, sure.
Timmy is a better PF than Dray by a considerable margin. If I had a great PF and could somehow flip Dray for prime Parker I'd do it in a heartbeat.
Under Thibs? Are you joking?
You're wrong. Call me when Dray gets his 4th ring.
They often license songs for cross-border release.
This is pretty ignorant. They let Boogie abuse people in a similar fashion.
How bizarre
Zima never went away here in Japan.
More like two dollars
Is Yamada killing his MLB value by this season? I have to imagine he's playing injured.
(My rationalization) I never felt comfortable with the Swallows winning anyway + it's getting easier to get seats with unassigned tickets again :)
Also Zamst.
Out of curiosity did you see an increase in the long Island Sound too? I fished there every day as a kid and it was pretty barren.
Let's find a way to add Otani to this squad.
damn, no international shipping. This is actually a really good deal.
It's disgusting how much plumper the guards are than the prisoners.
Go watch 10 Cloverfield Lane
Has Lebron ever lost a game 7?
cool
Bad real estate investments for the rest.
Bingo.
Japan has a tough corporate culture but it's no worse than wall street or other corporate gigs. Most people work 10-7.
Don't sleep on RoCo
looks like chinese to me
He also thought Jeff Green was good, so...
Not sure you know what front court means...
Sure you can. My Knicks have one of the most unpredictable players in the league in KP.
I want to agree but I think his prime overlapped too well against Kobe, Dirk &amp; KD to say that. Not to mention Lebron.
Oh, hmm, curry could be interesting! Same with steamed veggies. Wow. Didn't even think of those.
Any risotto tips for a first timer?
OJ too.
Not gonna lie, this kid looks sick for 18.
Went last 2 years. Probably will be there this year!
Lebron joining the Pelicans on a veterans minimum could work :)
That's... actually not that crazy.
He openly stated at the MIT Sports Analytics conference this year that he dislikes this trend of superteams but he is unable to intervene. It's good for finals ratings but it will slow the growth of the whole league long term.
There is in rare cases. IT recruiter in Tokyo here. Feel free to msg me.
New West in Westville.
Whalley Ave
