change all mentions of 'bastard' in 'Sneaky Bastard' to 'b*stard' so we at least get some of the word?
For pistolminds you can get it to 44/18/22 with Velocity .40, Polymer Flashlight, Ergo Grip, Extended Magazine, Pistol Red Dot Sight and Two Tone Slide. http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-6-22-12-24-10-13:
How exactly are you getting it to 44/20/30 with that build? Here's the pistol you propose + Gunslinger Aced: http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-15-24-13: That's 44/18/17.5, are you using Equilibrium and/or similar skills? That doesn't actually increase accuracy or stability, it just reduces spread by a very small amount compared to a higher accuracy. PD2skills unfortunately gives false stat boost numbers similar to in-game.
Thanks for the info! Standard interaction to use the TV, similar to the hand-dryer?
Akimbo Deagles are pretty amazing to play with.
Thanatos sucks ammo like a black hole, it's only good for maps with little combat.
Just a quick reminder, a rule of the subreddit is that you're not allowed to show someone's username if they haven't said you can. You may want to crop/black out those names.
He drops shit into trees when he's like a few meters above the things. He could swoop over a clearing instead.
Oh, this is an ARG trying to promote a payday 2 mod. That would have been helpful to explain.
Does that work for all character models? Is walking in front of a tased team-mate a valid strategy to break the taze before finding and shooting the taser?
PD:TH secret was the Overdrill and the secret vault on FWB. AFAIK the first team (Team 7200) just got special masks and first crack at PD2 beta.
Am I allowed to ask where I can find out about this thing that must not be discussed?
1. No, because I usually can circle-strafe them quickly when they're standing still and fire a few rounds into their heads. 2. Primary shotguns are not helmet poppers (Loco) - they're either concealable (Raven) or HE stunsticks (M104). 3. Pistols are kind of crap compared to your options in the Assault and Sniper Rifle categories. You're always going to be trading off. 4. Cops usually have predictable hurt animations, I roll with my ARs set to single-fire 90% of the time and I don't have any issues with follow-up shots on Tans.
game balance =/= IRL statistics
What exactly are you going on about? Is this more fan ARG? There's already enough noise surrounding the Secret, we don't need more.
Thanks for the information, I had no idea that effect existed. Now I can just disregard Cable Guy entirely and afford an 8-point build surplus.
Needing either Overkill or Bezerker to buff your mid-low pickup rate weapon to breakpoint 100 is not reliable. The loco doesn't need a 12-point skill to one-shot tans in the head, and you just don't need an automatic shotgun in general. That's not how helmet popping works.
The only problem is getting them here and engaged with asking for help. Most people probably won't even know we exist.
Arguably crippled by overspecialization - you don't have aced medbags, no Run &amp; Gun, you've taken Cat Burglar instead of Shinobi for some reason, Underdog is only really good for the ace, and Oppressor does not affect panic chance. On DW you'll never get enough hostages to compensate for the huge volume of damage-boosted fire coming your way, especially if snipers start eating entire segments of your HP wheel, and you won't have the medibags to keep yourself away from regular custody.
~~Isn't it possible to drop the Auto-fire attachment from that build, regain 2 acc and still reach the 40 breakpoint?~~ whoops nevermind I had left Bezerker on from earlier and just noticed the little blue skill boost on the side it was providing *two points* more, too. Just enough to skew my numbers without tipping me off with 50-damage SMGs.
Thanks, that makes sense.
Nah, we can already sort of see surface luminance through smoke and light gets scattered in smoke IRL anyway.
but *why* it sounds like a zany 2000's animated comedy movie this is so mood-breaking for Payday it hurts
Disturbing the Peace and threat suppression are different effects with separate mechanisms. Extra threat does not increase your odds of panicking an enemy. Please read the Long Guide's section on the Muscle deck.
There's overwhelmingly large numbers of students compared to mentors, and it'll be even worse during the summer sale. I signed up to help anyone who asks, I didn't sign up to ask every single person in the steam group if they need help.
Apart from HE shotgun secondaries (Street Sweeper is the best due to high pickup and fire rates) most secondaries are for helmet popping (Loco, Patchett, pistolmind Gruber, etc.). If you want to kill specials easily, the best tools are the R93/Nagant or GL40 which both have high damage and armor-defeating capabilities.
I haven't seen stacked meth ingredients before - is this only possible through the bug or did I miss an update where we can now pick up many copies of ingredients at once?
I have a dumb question: what's BLT?
Sounds good then. I'm not subscribed to the /online sub so I might be a little late.
Nice idea but we don't need another half-dozen melee weapons. We're drowning in them as it is.
Many of the skill descriptions are outright lies/inaccurate/out-of-date. Why? Ask overkill, we'd all like to know.
That sounds like a great idea, why not suggest it to one of the HUD communities?
Looks like Hulkamania's running wild.
Also another point of advice, take builds to the specific subreddit we have for them: /r/paydaybuilds
The Gigadrill and more human-dependent teamwork was confirmed a while back in Spring Break Day 4's video, which we're beginning to see in Alesso with the C4 and Pyro Booth at different ends of the level. New weapons as well, perhaps?
I know that part of the preplanning will include different drill options. I'm hoping the team learned their lesson from Big Bank and will have more than one viable major option, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
Yeah, [others are having the same issue.](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/38vdga/is_the_long_guide_inaccessible_for_anyone_else/)
In response to your former question, I'm going to go with a QA department that hasn't grown with the company's vast new playerbase and scope, given that their PR dep As for your latter question, HE rounds 'pierce' shields because their AoE extends past the shield and affects the cop on the other side.
That doesn't sound like a question, can you please be more specific?
I recommend asking /r/paydaybuilds who are more knowledgeable about builds specifically, but generally most of them use either full dodge or full ICTV for protection and high-damage weapons to keep pace with the bigger breakpoints.
1. The Gage Shotgun Pack isn't needed to run the crown jewel of shotguns, [the Shotforcer Loco](http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/eHEBa:ica:pM8::s32-32-43-5-38:), but for things like reliably stunning specials you'll want the pack for HE rounds (best used with either M104 or Street Sweeper). 2. Locomotive is the undisputed all-rounder king of helmet-popping shotguns (*and* is a secondary), the Street Sweeper and M104 are excellent for HE stunning, the Raven reaches a good concealment rating while retaining high magazine capacity and reasonable damage, and the Mosconi/Joceline are DW-capable high-damage concealable deathsticks. 3. Street Sweeper has highest pickup of all secondary shotguns, plus a high mag size and RoF. Good for using with HE shells. The Judge is concealable, has high damage and high RoF but is crippled by a very low pickup and high recoil. The Raven can be modded for ridiculous mag size but is more often used as a Plan B weapon for stealth loadouts as it can reach a high concealment without sacrificing firepower.
AP slugs only do 1/4 damage after a penetration, nerfing their usefulness as a special-killer into the ground along with the lost of spread and the huge pool/pickup reduction. You're far better off bringing a sniper rifle. And video game balance =/= real-life logic.
While that's true, the Locomotive leaves it far behind in terms of pickup and it doesn't do enough damage to compete with the Mosconi or Joceline in terms of raw, DW-grade damage-per-shot.
Revolvers do in fact use the force of the trigger pull. There's a small lever that grabs the cylinder by a set of teeth and pulls it around by half a chamber to line a round up with the barrel, then rotates it another half-cylinder as the trigger is released.
RoF is unimportant for a shotgun when shot placement is key and multiple kills per shot are possible. The Locomotive can cycle shells more than fast enough to deal with mobs. Also, the Mosconi's damage was buffed when the Joceline dropped so that the two are almost identical except for minor concealment differences which usually only matter for LB/SB dodge builds.
How'd you glitch inside it?
You're doing god's work.
People are kinda getting tired of the coy act, Almir. We just want your team to deliver what you said you would months ago. Where's the FBI files? Have you decided what the GenSec enemy actually is? When's Paydaycon?
It was cute and funny at first but now I'm just tired and want to know what's happening. You can't hype a fanbase forever. People get fatigued.
Thanks, I didn't know the saw triggered the cops.
That's a fair point, but I didn't say the M308 was now useless.
~~Do you mean single-fire instead of auto-fire? [This is what your setup looks like](http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mjeBDa:eropkHIjEFgcDa:tSOliJFGbCDa:ghEfCda:feCa:ibcdea:pA8::w34-22-9-30-15-33-11:s32-34-15-43-10:a1) and it's 126/14/20~~
Durr, my bad.
I reccomend joining the [Payday 2 Mentoring Group.](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/Payday2Training) It's full of new players and experienced players looking to help out. I also recommend skimming the Long Guide once you start playing to learn some of the details of the game. Apart from that, I can't really answer your question with anything other than a confusing wall of text without more specific questions. **EDIT:** Also, the [Noob Question Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/3962ch/noob_question_thread_3_june_9th_2015/) is now up, you should post any and all questions you have in there.
Guh, I was not pinged by this and I just found it. I'll work on contacting my assigned members and sorting them tomorrow.
I've been playing a Techforcer for hundreds of hours, but never a dodge build. I tried it once and I found it difficult to adjust my habits to account for the hit-and-run playstyle. Does anyone have any tips for someone completely new to Dodge? How should I play a dodge build?
The Steam group isn't necessarily about finding others to play with as Steam friends, it's also about talking to other players online and asking questions, discussing strategies and gaining knowledge.
The nukes are hardly usable as they are right now. Most warheads have speed/altitude detonators, and will not create a supercritical mass without being launched conventionally. You'd have to fabricate an entirely new warhead to create a nuclear detonation, and that's not cheap or easy even with million-dollar government labs. The worst that could be done with them is the fissile material being used in a dirty bomb, and that's not likely given how many nukes are actually moving around the black market IRL.
Honkytonk Brappado is one of my favourites.
I try, I really really try, but sometimes it feels like they're poorly-made robots designed to do nothing but fail.
What kind of message does it give people being kicked? I've wanted to use NGBTO but I'm worried that mass-kicking without explanation will cause ill will.
This is true. They're very well put together from what I've seen, with a lot of original game assets and some slick and fun design. I'd have bought them if sending OVK sales stats wasn't still a point of contention ~~and if I had money for it~~
what is your favourite build, and is it different from what you usually run?
I feel like it's not intrinsically any worse than it used to be - that's likely a combination of nostalgia and the huge glut of crimbo newbies. So far the only explanation I have for the inexplicable acts of ignorance and incompetence I've seen is that they really do believe they're doing well and just don't know any better.
This is the dumbest coding I've ever heard of. Especially so because I just tried your experiment and it added *another* non-AT See More to my inventory. I now have two of them. You can now farm mods like this, probably. **EDIT :** Further testing has revealed that you cannot effectively farm copies of an achievement-locked mod as mounting the mod itself still requires the achievement. **TL;DR:** If a mod has a finite inventory count (i.e. not AVAILABLE), and is included in a Rare or rarer skin that you own, you can farm infinite copies of it by equipping the skin on a weapon and then selling that weapon. You do not need to own any DLC that mod may normally require, but actually mounting the mod may still require an achievement.
Join low-difficulty games, or host your own. You're probably getting kicked for joining Overkill or Deathwish games without the experience and power level neccessary to survive. Jewellery Store can be easily stealthed solo at all difficulty levels.
We get these all the time.
This is true. The method I discovered doesn't work for everyone, but if (for example) you were the kind of person who'd unlocked all the skins as part of last October's Crimefest *celebrations* then it becomes a lot more usable.
[You get a DLC-less version of the mod.](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/3z0cgz/not_sure_if_im_just_slow_but_it_looks_like_a/cyi7x8r)
Rogue dodge is workable but not really 'viable' compared to some of the alternatives. Meta is currently focused around maximizing Effective HP and regen, still split into the Armour and Dodge camps. Major build meta includes * Muscle + ICTV * Infiltrator + ICTV * Muscle + Suit * Grinder + Suit * Crook + HBV sneaks in as a weird dark horse that somehow works. /r/paydaymeta can tell you more about the current face of meta. There's been an inventory UI overhaul - now all the guns point to the left, skills/peks have been folded in as an inventory choice, and modding a gun now includes a live preview of your gun against a background of the Safehouse basement. You can now also add Skins and Boost mods, up to one of each on a gun. Some skins come with stat modifiers, which are duplicated in the form of separate, card-droppable Boosts. Boosts override skin modifiers, rendering the skins purely aesthetic if you use both. You can use Boosts without using a skin, and some groups of guns can use specific Boosts (such as the shotguns being able to use the -4 Accuracy Boost). Finally, Update 79 brought us the infamous Weapon 'Rebalance'. Meta has changed from ARs and shotguns to DMRs and heavy pistols. It's not difficult to play overkill with nothing but a Bronco or Deagle, even without pistolmind skills. Stability and Accuracy are now measured on a 0-100 scale, with 100 indicating no aim-jerk/scatter. Most ARs and SMGs only reach about 80 Accuracy/50 Stability when modded under the new system, causing them to fall out of use as they perform like bullet hoses. I hope this helps!
A Techforcer using that theoretical Hitman deck would be crippled by a lack of HP regen - like using Armorer, only slightly worse. Such a build would have to be played conservatively, dropping immediately into cover every time armour breaks.
It's [We Do It Live!](http://media.overkillsoftware.com/2015/12/xmas_announcements_steam_b-383x1080.png) &gt; **We Do It Live!** &gt; Complete the Framing Frame job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above with each crew member using no skills, wearing suits, wielding Platypus 70 sniper rifles and Judge shotguns.
That's an incredibly optimistic view of gameplay. If your armour's breaking after hundreds of points of damage, it's because you've spent an extended time in a less-than-optimal situation. It's because there's a mob of cops flanking your cover, or you're having to stand in the open and unjam the drill *again*, or because you ran around a corner into a blackdozer. In such sitations, you're going to take additional damage past the armour gate. You're going to take attrition damage, because nobody has the reflexes *and* opportunity to take cover against all threats every single time their armour breaks. Depending on the pucker factor, this attrition is going to be 5% or 50% of your HP - and regaining that loss is essential for long-term objective camping (i.e. half of PD2's loud objectives). I don't know how long you've been playing PD2, but prior to regen being a thing (the introduction of Bonnie and her Gambler deck) the hardest heists were the marathon heists - Rats D1 and Framing Frame D3 were notable for requiring tight resource management and even tactical use of arrests and trades in order to survive the grueling slog-fest. Now anyone can stand and kill forever, with deployables used to cover mistakes, difficult wave spawns and other outlier losses. **tl;dr:** A build without regen is a build that's going to eventually need medic bags or FAKs to survive, and that puts an upper limit on how long you can kick ass. Don't act dumb, put regen in your build and turn your HP into more armour.
It's a common grenade bug in general. There were many many instances of guns with dynamite poking through them when the Western Pack was released.
/r/paydaytheheistonline Please read the sidebar before posting in this subreddit.
It gets even better: the police will send an armed squad car to investigate a phonecall regarding a duffel bag left in a locker room. Upon finding nothing at all, they will call on the armed forces for backup including EOD techs and helicopter support.
To be honest, I'd kick him too. Melee builds are viable, but he's running around with god mode and destroying stealth runs because he can? That's asshole behaviour.
Transport: Downtown has a surprisingly detailed map for how much is actually travelled during a regular run. The broken skybridge can be climbed to reach the upper offices, and the intact bridge is fully traversable. The offices also include stairs and well-decorated balcony spaces that you'd never know were there. It's a very bright and airy set of spaces. I feel like the map is wasted for how little you actually need to move around - most runs stay on the road and pavement, only moving indoors when heading for the van/plane. A new heist that re-used the map with more spread-out objectives would be very welcome.
If your reputation is being ruined by a single post at 40% upvoted then you have a larger problem beyond this subreddit not well-recieving *another* modding post, by someone who hasn't read the sidebar like they were repeatedly asked to before they clicked the Post button.
I'm deathwish-capable, but finding others who can actually do it as well is difficult.
There's nothing to see on the video itself, the donations and their notes are read out over the audio.
I feel the need to point out that your Grinder video is pre-rebalance - the deck currently gives slower regen than it shows, but over a longer period of time. The result is a style that isn't the indomitable wolverine shown, but can still shake damage off with some quiet time in a corner to let the regen happen. Also, the RPG requires multiple hits to kill Winters due to his damage gate per-hit.
I'm afraid not, but you can scan the schedule (automatically set to your timezone) here for any other games you like: https://gamesdonequick.com/schedule
And with good reason - there's anywhere between 3 to 12 drill breaks to fix depending on spawns and drill setup. The objectives encourage camping on the road, wasting the beautiful spaces and views the map has to offer.
Thanks, appreciate it.
...Thankyou. I've been playing this godforsaken game for nearly 900 hours, and I didn't know. There's even an empty mod_overrides folder sitting in Assets.
Will it reroll if it gets autofixer on the first roll?
Oh, no, I recognised Damo and Darren three lines in. I'm talking about your general accent - it's not Victoria or Gold Coast from what I can tell.
You have the weirdest melb accent I've ever heard. Props to TV for rotting our brains.
Looks like hacking, to be honest. I don't think that many money bags are allowed to spawn in the boxes.
I can confirm the angle, the screen noticeably snaps to a tilt when you are carrying a bag.
We're sick to death of these threads, please use the search bar next time.
Thanks, but I've already looked at most of the LB mods and that joker glock mod has a silver slide I'm not a fan of.
Builds are already contstrained, giving more choices without upping the budget to match would just tip it into Over-Constrained territory. It's a decent balance where it is - just tight enough that you can spend a little while trying to settle on the best allocation of the last dozen points.
Many thanks! I've got a black glock working reasonably well except for the ultra-shiny reflections. Removing the alpha just caused a ctd upon loading the model, what's the best way to change the reflection mapping?
Top tip: read the Steam guides. Most of them have had serious legwork and effort put into them, and are heavily reccomended if not mandatory reading.
the arm ache from carrying all the time is real, I feel this post on a deep emotional level.
Look for heists that do not have a little blue ghost next to them in the Contractors menu. Those are considered "loud-only" (though a very few _are_ stealthable in ways the developers did not intend).
get Ammo Specialist ace instead of Carbon Blade, you get more saw ammo overall and it's a more flexible skill.
I've never seen it myself, but I've heard on higher difficulties it strafes the balconies with rockets. Not sure if it's true.
Wasn't there a better, free version of pd2skills for mobile devices?
If by "tank" you mean "build that does lots of being near enemies and soaking up damage" then that's called using an armour build, one of your two general choices when it comes to non-stealth gameplay (the other choice is called dodge). Because you can unlock multiple skill 'profiles' and switch between them inbetween games, most people have a dedicated non-stealth profile *as well as* a dedicated stealth profile that then then change into and out of as required. If you are looking to create an armour build, skills such as Iron Man Basic (Enforcer, Tier 6) and Bulletproof basic (Technician, Tier 6) are considered very important due to the *huge* amounts of armour you can have. Perk decks that complement armour builds well include Muscle, Infiltrator and Gambler. If you're not willing to mod in a custom dozer mask, you could purchase a Dozer Bobblehead mask from the official PD2 merch store and use the bonus Bobblehead mask code you receive with it. However, shipping times have extended into *months* when it comes to Overkill and their chosen retailer, so don't count on receiving any purchases (including your mask code) within a reasonable time.
That's the one. It's still in development and there's only one dev doing it in his spare time, hence the lack of certain features.
It's good! I can definitely see this as being some sort of preplanning menu music, perhaps. A BGM for some sort of serious planning session.
This isn't helpful _or_ funny. What was meant to be the point of the video?
It's usable only once, and it toggles the bandit barrier state. Usually it's helpful to have it closed for cover.
Well, there was FWB if that counts.
nearly 900 hours and I still don't know how to do the complicated stealth maps like FF D3 or SR. I have terrible situational awareness and don't have the reflexes to keep looking in all directions all the time.
Any idea where I can find a copy of the unmodded texture? I'm totally new to modding PD2.
You can't change the title of a post once it's been published.
http://paydaymods.com/download/ /r/paydaytheheistmods In future, please read the sidebar as directed.
Oh christ. Good luck, then.
It's the opposite of 'contract fatigue' - the longer you go without completing a contract, the larger an XP bonus PD2 adds to it (to a maximum of +30%). Completing the contract and earning the bonus resets it to 0%. The little plus icons indicate the bonus - you'll also notice a little golden glow around the contract's pop-up icon that grows with a larger bonus. Compare and contrast to contract fatigue, which adds minus signs and a red glow instead.
It's a funny gimmick weapon, and is great for that renewable clutch taser/cloaker kill when your mag runs dry on DW as you round a corner and bump into them. It shouldn't be meta.
Ah, thanks for explaining.
They don't use surgical implantation, they use the suppository method and then poop out the drug-filled condoms at their destination.
I know, but there's a big stickied mod thread on the front page of the sub to scream in. Why do we need dozens of other threads?
I assume the brick is in a giant ziploc or something?
Bit pricey, not everyone can afford the bill.
I could never do that to my pillow, the risk of damp getting to it on the closed surfaces is too high.
Herald Sun and the Age - bogans vs. businessmen.
[Please read the sidebar FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/melbourne/search?q=date+&amp;restrict_sr=on)
[Please read the sidebar](https://www.reddit.com/r/melbourne/comments/3nrgf5/help_for_all_you_job_seekers_out_there/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) [and FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/melbourne/search?q=moving+&amp;restrict_sr=on)
Yep. Important to note is that any stat changes that come with the skins are duplicated in the Boost mods, which overwrite the skins' stat changes. The skins are totally aesthetic.
Akimbo shotgun WIP strings were leaked last year. We don't know if Ovk will actually follow through on it.
Saw that the other day, and guessed correctly. Thanks!
Nobody uses 'zerker any more though, now that we have regenerating health. It's honestly worth it to just take slightly longer to saw because regen is such a potent survivability multiplier and Carbon Blade Ace is a whopping 12 points of opportunity cost. Also, nobody gets the full 16 points of shotgun skills ever - Shotgun CQB is utterly useless and the basic is of dubious use. Shotgun Impact is 4 points total to turn the Loco and Raven into helmet poppers, _and_ it contributes to unlocking Tier 5 and 6.
Aw, son of a bitch. I wondered why the chopper always seemed to arrive so quickly. With the C4 taking ages, it's probably a snooze-fest now.
/r/paydaycirclejerk
Loco or Raven works just fine without CQB Basic. Overkill isn't required now that DMRs do &gt;150 damage with 100 accuracy. Those skills are unnecessary add-ons to the usual Enforcer build that would be nice to have if you weren't also trying to stretch your points across five other trees. Your Carbon Blade build puts _too many_ points into Enforcer and this kills it elsewhere. You can't get 6 zipties or Dominator, which severely hurts your ability to delay/distract waves or trade for pubs. You don't get to use shotguns properly. You don't get the options of Bulletproof Ace or 100-accuracy skillcannons. It's a hideous, top-heavy build that slams over a dozen extra points into Enforcer just for faster sawing ability - and given that looting Big Bank's vault takes time anyway (the only decent-paying heist on which you'll need to saw a lot of boxes) the extra speed is not worth it.
This mod normalizes aim sensitivity when using scopes: http://forums.lastbullet.net/mydownloads.php?action=view_down&amp;did=13925
Nope! Aside from the fact that this just changes mouse sensitivity on the fly, and doesn't actually provide any sort of lock-on or aim assist, there is no such thing as anti-cheat in Payday 2. The only way to be detected as a cheater by the game's software is to use a DLC unlocker (at which point lobbies using the default "kick hackers" setting will kick you). Almir doesn't care if the game isn't fun due to flying players or bags raining from the sky - he just wants you to buy the DLCs before you can use them.
Welp, good luck. Glad I found the issue.
Sounds more like a rant to me, you only had 2 questions: &gt; *These Goat Simulator heists... Are they sponsored?* As far as we can tell, there's no sponsorship. The 'collaborations' are for exposure on both sides. &gt; *Why do we have to pay for it?* Microtransactions haven't been doing as well as Almir hoped (big suprise). The PD2 market is dead. It's highly likely that the prediction of "microtransactions will pay for DLC" will not be coming true.
Probably Locke as well, for his cute banter.
Can you give specific examples? Meta got warped hard by the rebalance, but shotguns are back where they were and pistols don't all do &gt;182 damage anymore.
At this point there's nothing OVERKILL can do. They've invested too much in stringing Payday 2 out until 2017, but the shambling corpse is starting to really fall apart due to age. A Payday 3 and corresponding engine change isn't going to happen any time soon.
This is incredible - does anyone have a translation? My french is shit.
I doubt we'll see anyone able to put up with OVERKILL long enough to see a demand or PD3. Would the current playerbase pay for PD3? Probably not, and I don't anticipate a magic resurgence back to the days of Big Bank.
I looked this guy up, apparently he has a track record of hacking and cheating where admins can see it. He's got VAC bans all over his steam account and just searching his username on youtube provides videos of people recording him on GTAV as evidence. What a knobhead.
Verify local files, it's possible something may have been corrupted. If the problem still persists, make sure you meet the game's minimum requirements. If the problem _still_ persists, then you're shit out of luck because PD2 runs on a 15-year-old horribly-overburdened engine that CTDs because it feels like it. Most of the time there's no predicting or solving crashes.
The issue is whether there's enough demand to justify the costs required to get a theoretical PD3 to launch day. PD2 was incredibly popular before launch to the point of breaking even on preorders alone, but now hardly anyone trusts OVERKILL. Player numbers are down quite far from 2013-2014.
No problem. Hope it clears up for you.
What do you mean? Joceline/Mosconi does over 182 damage and Loco/Raven does over 80. Pickup's better than it used to be. It got nerfed initially, especially the poor Steakout, but the problems are largely fixed.
That's Deathwish, most guns are terrible on Deathwish. Nobody used reinfeld or raven for it before the rebalance, you're supposed to use Mosconi or Joceline.
That's normal, it's called pop-in and it's especially common with foliage (because it's resource-intensive to render). You just happened to be at the right distance to notice.
&gt; antisemetic jokes please go, your comedy sucks
&gt; The game economy underneath [the game] is working and is balanced Uh.
Read the Steam Guides. I cannot emphasise this enough - Payday 2 is rough on the new player, as the tutorial barely explains some of the game's important mechanics (such as drills and perk decks). [Simple Tips For Successful Heists](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=290647073) and [Every Player Should Know These Things](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=320281847) are both excellent examples. As you become more accustomed to Payday 2 you may also wish to check out the Long Guide, our most advanced collection of high-level technical knowledge about the game.
Gage Weapon Pack #01, Gage Shotgun Pack, and probably the Official Soundtrack because honestly, Viklund's music is incredible.
Reading the Long Guide is probably not a good idea for a new player. It's intended for experienced players who know the jargon and can understand how some of the more abstract information applies to the game.
Heistr is much better, but is Android-only. Fuck knows why the PD2skills author put MTs in his app, but he's not getting any more donations from me.
Heavy Pistols (Baby Deagle, Bronco, Matever, Deagle) and DMRs (DMR kits, M308) are considered strong choices for Armour users as their high damage and accuracy lets you quickly down specials from afar before they can tase/kick/snipe you.
Threat is one of the most useless weapon stats - it's the chance that a close miss will cause a cop to dive/duck/roll for cover, and that just makes them harder to hit and kill. Low threat weapons are marginally better at keeping them standing and visible for easier shots.
Sorry to hear, I've got nothing else other than to just wait for it to download.
The values are rounded for display.
We've been keenly aware of the inventory display rounding for what must be years now, so we're pretty over it.
Looks like he's just hammered some sort of 'Purchase All' option in whatever trainer he's using.
Off the top of my head the Baby Deagle, Para and STRYK 18c have no skins but have an inspect animation. All weapons without inspect animations don't have skins either, but not all weapons without skins lack an inspect animation.
Incorrect - many weapons *without* skins, such as the Para, Platypus and Baby Deagle, all come with working inspect animations.
~~OVERKILL doesn't have *anyone* on payroll whose job is to play the game. They have no playtester/QA department, and it *shows*.~~ **BZZZZT NO I AM WRONG IGNORE THIS POST**
It's not there for me, either. I think perhaps it's expired, and OVERKILL have yet to add a new one?
That makes sense. Thanks for your answer!
You're right. I only vaguely remember hearing about no-QA a while back. My apologies.
I don't know about you, but I'm glad they spent time on things like the Point Break heists instead of new steam avatars. Most of us use our own anyway.
The heists are definitely good ones, they have all sorts of new assets and objectives. The Baby Deagle is a great semi-auto hand-cannon on Overkill, and looks great. Is it worth full price? Not really, I'd wait until it's on sale.
Nope, no changes that I'm aware of. In regards to pagers, maybe desync is interrupting your answer?
Hoxton Revenge is great - close quarters, lots of cover, only half a dozen bags to move. Nightclub is also good, having lots of indoor spaces as well and a very short bag move distance with Loot Drop Truck. Stealth can be easily soloed with practice. The easiest are the control maps like Bank Heist, Diamond Store and Jewellery Store. They have a maximum of 4 guards and can be completely locked down with all guards and civs incapacitated. Meltdown's Longfellow car holds a maximum of 4 bags and 4 players, and moves pretty quickly, but it's a trap - the forklift can take a shortcut straight from the first barrel-filled shed to the trainyard for a safer and more efficient trip than driving all around the docks and the other turret vans. A full team of 4 driving 4 forklifts can carry all the nukes plus a few cash/gold bags straight to the train in one trip without the need to separate.
I mean the [Diamond Store heist](http://payday.wikia.com/wiki/Diamond_Store), available from Bain. Note that shooting all civilians on the map is a totally viable strategy - the heist's loot often far outstrips the cleaner costs, especially on Deathwish. You can answer a maximum of 4 pagers. On the 5th, the operator refuses to believe you and raises the alarm.
Nope! I can 100% guarantee you that 4 pagers is *always* the limit. Smooth Talker hasn't been a skill for maybe two years now. Shooting all the civs is usually done when all (four or fewer) guards on a map are dead, leaving nobody to discover your crimes because they're all too busy being dead. If you're having issues with new civs spawning, it depends on the map. GO Bank has an unlimited supply spawn during a limited time (during the timelock countdown) and Bank Heist has a limited supply constantly looped between the sidewalks that you can exhaust. Just be sure to avoid having civs become alerted in unreachable areas, such as beyond an invisible map boundary wall and around a corner where you cannot shoot them.
Everyone else is having the same issue. The Goat Simulator heist broke something significant and we are all waiting on a fix. Please search for other crash threads next time, as we are tired of them.
That's an intended feature. Shotguns are able to use a special -4 Accuracy Boost which helps widen the cone of fire and increase the possibility of multiple kills with one shell due to the way shotgun damage is calculated. One pellet striking a cop does full damage (not counting range fall-off). Two pellets striking the same cop does not do more than full damage, but two pellets can strike two different cops and do full damage to both.
Random mess of feedback and questions that occourred to me as I read: * I like the new placement and tweaks to the shotgun skills, but I don't think anyone will take CQB Ace. It doesn't give enough for the expense at such a high tier. * There's no reason to take Iron Man Ace, 50% less shake-on-hurt is arguably worse than the old shoot-while-sprinting and neither set is worth 8 points at T6. * Bulletstorm has a typo, it says "with depleting ammunition". Also, what is the function of adding a cooldown? Bulletstorm's 2 bursts of sustained fire are not helpful, and separating them just makes the skill worse. * Bulletproof Ace is arguably overpowered. Adding 30% more armour is just buffing the shit out of armour builds. * For the purposes of Silent Killer, what determines if an enemy is "facing away"? * An Infamy Tree would be better than an Infamy Net, as it would match up with the Skill Tree mechanics and provide a more consistent interface. * Why shouldn't a suppressed weapon trigger Disturbing The Peace? * The "Vote No To Keycards" achievement sounds like a fun-killer, as Day 2 voting machines are often found inside cages and they must be drilled in the open if cards cannot be used. * Tactical Advantage sounds like a lazy no-brainer. Where's the challenge? Most H&amp;T teams bring nothing but ECMs anyway. * Stalker sounds boring but easy. Just spot any stationary guard for five long minutes, such as the gate guard on Day 1 of Election Day. No challenge, and it's tedious.
this is causing me physical pain to look at. what have I done to deserve this, this late at night.
I'm not sure what you mean by "start playing from the beginning" but there's an option available from the main menu ('Clear Progress') that resets your skills, infamy, inventory and money.
If a guard is alerted and allowed to draw his gun, he may fire off a shot in reflex when killed. A guard who is killed while totally unaware of your presence will never fire his gun - but unless you have Shinobi Ace or Hidden Blade Ace, his death gurgles will still alert other NPCs in a moderately-sized radius.
We know for sure that they optimized the game's textures, but whether or not it's actually the cause of the crashes is just a theory. We have no solid evidence on what it actually is. http://www.overkillsoftware.com/games/goat/ &gt; - Increased the performance of all heists by optimizing the textures of all in-game characters
Just opened Payday 2, no update prompt for me. Maybe it's trying to patch itself?
[I'd like a tactical helmet thing complete with goggles and balaclava.](http://cdn.segmentnext.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Battlefield-4-Assault-Class-Guide.jpg)
Cloaker's too distinctive, it'd be weird and possibly even confuse teammates if the colours and silhouette are too similar. I was thinking something more like [this](http://cdn.segmentnext.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Battlefield-4-Assault-Class-Guide.jpg) with a more 'operator' look to go with missions like the Point Break heists where it becomes less "bank robber" and more "international mercenary out for loot".
It's not any particular make or brand. It's a generic-looking ballistic shield.
Marathon Cook-Off beats that easily, and I'm fairly sure Aftershock still outstrips both even after the instant-escape was patched.
It doesn't automatically tick over. You have to manually use the Become Infamous option on the main menu. Note that this may burn your spending cash, will reset all your skill builds, charge you 200 million offshore and kick you back down to Level 0.
Already have that installed, but thankyou. I'd prefer to have something official, though, and possibly a little less busy (that mic boom and double-chinstrap irritates me).
He's referring to skill trees, not profiles. They make it sound like "being a ghost" is mutually exclusive with "being a mastermind" when the best builds have points in every tree, and they also seem to imply that having a mix of specialists is a good idea. Also, the amount of blatant misinformation in the video is astounding. I can accept an alpha build of the game having pager RNG, but the idea that there was a civilian alerted on the street from seeing the teammates in heavier armour is simply not true (it was probably the teller pushing a panic button). What the hell were they thinking?
&gt; So what was in place of perk decks back then? We had Tier Bonuses, which provided similar effects in exchange for unlocking tiers within skill trees. Technician was notably powerful for having Helmet Popping as an exclusive effect (causing certain weapons to become more powerful over others), and as a result the skill meta was very different.
I've spent about 500 hours at V-100, and now I'm going to XXV for the achievements. It's difficult to have fun without a complete build along the way. I just want to blow through the infamies so I can reset and get back to V-100 as soon as possible, and at this point powerlevelling is a fun all of its' own.
Yep. You can't use your melee, either. There's a bunch of dumb hidden conditions.
What do the various zoom levels correspond to? And what on earth does "makes sure you can see laser dot clearly while using a optic attached lmg" mean?
Thanks, that explains a lot.
Yep, everyone's in the same boat. We're just sitting and waiting for them to patch it.
God knows. There doesn't seem to have been any dev presence on the sub for ages.
Haven't encountered any noticeable visual glitch on those heists - what is it?
PSA for the crash issue (I assume you mean the one on the steam forums) amounted to "we don't know what it is, but we think it's contours" except the game still crashes without them.
Give our thanks to the programmer working hard on this. Front-line bugfixes is shit work. Is there any way to shunt more people his way?
"Dev presence" implies some sort of constructive appearance. It's moot anyway, since Almir made more helpful and informative posts today in this thread, before that one.
Are you able to tell us what you know about the problem? Some people here might be able to help out of the thousands that browse this sub.
I’ve only been able to get the regular and .300 Blackout reticles to work properly, as the XR308 and XBOW range-adjustment tracks cause the game to resize the reticles and render them unreadable. Currently, they’re replacing the Rock On! reticle with the different colours providing different variants (all in red) for ease of change. The first 3 screenshots show the Cross 2 and Circle 4 vanilla reticles, then the basic EOTech reticle for comparison. Notice the open sight picture with central mark, and aligning strokes across the circumference of the circle.
Doesn't seem to work, reticles are the same size even with the mod added. Without the size-increase mod: https://i.imgur.com/ytlYfq3.jpg With the size-increase mod: https://i.imgur.com/qD5hX8C.jpg I tried increasing the texture canvas size and drawing a bigger-resolution reticle just in case it was because it wasn't big enough, but it still resizes: https://i.imgur.com/385w4Jd.jpg
I hear it doesn't fix the problem, someone just posted as much to this sub.
~~Sounds like something to do with HBO? Shenanigans is a very UK term, and both clover and bonnie were involved with that heist.~~
Finally got it to work the other day, many thanks for your help!
Just launched PD2, no update for me.
Skins being pay-to-win has effectively been fixed. There's now a new category of card drop, and from those cards you earn a random Boost Mod. Nearly all weapons can equip them. Boost Mods run the entire spectrum of skin boosts (plus a few more options), and override the skins if you use both at once. As a result skins no longer have an unique edge and have become purely cosmetic overall, but they haven't lost their inherent value either. I thought it was a rather clever solution. The market is correspondingly dead. Right now however, there's a serious crash issue that makes playing Payday 2 for any longer than half an hour very difficult. It's something to do with the new texture loading system they added in the Goat Simulator update, and how it interacts with highlight outlines. The official line is that [OVERKILL cannot revert the changes they've made to the game's build](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/42r1qr/why_the_fuck_hasnt_overkill_patched_the_crash/czci1mv), and [they've put a developer (adding more devs wouldn't help) to work on it 50 hours a week](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/42r1qr/why_the_fuck_hasnt_overkill_patched_the_crash/czci4kt) until they pinpoint the fuckup and patch it. Right now we're just waiting.
Incorrect. Most of the sidejobs are based on achievements, such as Keep The Party Going, Situation Normal, Speedlock Holmes and Tabula Rasa.
~~"We Do It Live" was specifically released as the first monthly sidejob goal.~~
Pubs have always been like this. It's slightly worse because of all the new players coming in from sales and holiday period, but not much more. If you're finding it a serious problem, I reccomend the [Noobs Go Back To Overkill](http://forums.lastbullet.net/mydownloads.php?action=view_down&amp;did=14571) (NGBTO) BLT lobby scanner and autokick mod. It checks builds, equipment and hours, and kicks according to criteria you set. You can easily get it to automatically kick players with under 40 hours from your Overkill and DW games, as well as hackers from all difficulties.
AMCAR and Gruber do suppressed shooting at level 0, and thanks but I'm already aware of that strategy.
Usually the guards are spaced out enough that they don't alert the civs. I've never had a problem, myself.
Glad to hear, thanks for the heads-up.
Already been posted here by Almir himself: https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/42yb4v/crash_status_update_patch_is_being_released_today/
The real question is, does this affect any breakpoints?
Might be good to include the achievement: **You Can Run, but Not Hide** &gt; Find and secure the goat in the Firestarter heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
Looks like you somehow caught it sneaking out of the gate.
I feel you. Goat Simulator feels like an April Fools.
To compensate for presumably disabling the Spotter skill.
No word yet. I can only assume that it is, like all other safes so far.
It's like you deliberately refuse to read Steam's update news every time PD2 is patched.
The best weapons are Heavy Pistols and DMR because they can hit 100 accuracy and extremely high (one headshot-kill on most units) damage.
Yes. The crew has to record 0 kills - damage is allowed, so you can perform emergency buzzer strikes if you don't kill them with the hit. Bot kills ruin the run.
I'm getting crashes, but I'm still trying to work out if it's because one of my mods broke over the update.
What mods do you use? I'm trying to see what could be causing it.
Huh, thanks. What weapons are you using when the crash occurs? When does the crash occur?
I don't want someone using Burglar or a CTV with Grinder on my Overkill Cook-Off. If configured to kick new players, NGBTO kicks from Overkill and Deathwish heists *only* - i.e. lobbies that they should NOT be joining. The plugin also kicks hackers from all difficulties.
Nobody's sure, but it's a pretty safe bet that someone with five days of experience at this game is going to be better than someone with just one. PD2 is different from other shooters in that there's a number of unexplained mechanics that directly affect gameplay, and it takes time to learn them all.
Don't tell us. Tell OVERKILL.
Smoke buildup is an old bug that's been around for a while. Clients can encounter an issue where smoke effects do not despawn - a friend of mine encountered it yesterday on HBO, before the patch. Corpse buildup sounds like a bodycount mod? I don't know enough about it to provide explanations.
Nobody's disputing that there's incompetent high-level players. What we're saying is that there's fewer of them than incompetent low-level players, and that they should not be joining high-difficulty lobbies.
Thanks. The crash has happened with a full team of 4 human players, so it's not a bot causing it.
Doesn't look like it, going by the example comparison on the mod's page. Right now the Speculator Sight with Dot 3 looks like the 'CURRENT' image on the left.
Welcome to Payday 2, it's nice to see a new player who asks questions and thinks about what they're doing. There's definitely a lot of new and old players who remain mute and simply rush in without plan or thought, but most of us aim to be better than that and communicate with teammates and make sure there's a plan of action set out before we start. GO Bank is definitely one of the more fustrating stealth maps. The vast platter of events that require human attention (civs on the street, phonecalls, GenSec patrol car) mean that a full crew built for stealth is required. Once the bank is locked down, a good team split is to have one on the phone and three outside to kill passers-by and the gensec patrol car. The GenSec truck is a rare spawn, and doesn't add anything except some loose loot inside. Bank Heist (or H&amp;T) tellers will push their panic buttons almost immediately after being alerted. The safe method is to simply kill them first during civillian pacification, before anyone notices you. The rest of the crowd can be easily shouted down and tied/shot afterwards. "Host-Kick" means only the host (i.e. Green player) should be able to kick people - I've never seen a non-host able to kick players in such a situation. Are you sure they didn't just disconnect? Did you receive a "[Player] has been kicked" notification in chat?
NGBTO also kicks from Ovk lobbies.
Change your FoV or change your FPS model alignment with LUA.
It's not on time with their previously-given estimate, but given the Goat Simulator bug has probably caused everything to catch fire it's forgivable.
Overlay seems to work just fine.
If it helps, you all got the full XP and any loose loot for days 1 and 2.
Sounds like a good idea, though the faster response time/higher diff isn't going to matter much as a decent team will be ready to repel full waves from the start. A much better idea is the RNG idea you proposed, along with some new examples - dud thermal lance requiring a new one dropped in by chopper, a squad of dozers air-dropped into close quarters, tear gas deployed in key rooms (temporary/permanent depending on room), etc. - tedious or challenging hurdles that's going to make the crew think twice in the loadout screen before overspending and committing themselves to extra pucker factor down the line. My only concern with this idea is that more favours may lead to unintended combinations of assets that break the map's balance. **EDIT:** Another concern that's just occurred to me - how many heists *need* extra favours? I know Golden Grin has so many options that more favours would be a godsend, and the Bomb heists have some costly escapes that can't be taken with some useful assets, but Big Bank has enough for the optimal loud setup (thermite is actually *slower* than The Beast depending how long you take to replace the bits) and most other preplanning heists just let you stick deployables around the map. Would people actually take on the extra risk for so little?
Since Golden Grin is the heist that'd benefit the most from overspending, here's a rundown of some RNG for it that I think would be challenging and interesting without being boring or circumventable: * Pit Boss briefcase location is not marked, forcing the team to run around and inspect all possible locations to find it. * The guest with the hotel keycard is an undercover cop (with no pager) and he draws a gun when alerted. Like other armed guards, he must be killed unaware for a guaranteed silent death and cannot be mobile when tied. * There's a dozer in the Dentist's room, similar to the old spawns on Train Heist. * The door to the Manager's office is steel and cannot be shot open, but can still be picked in the same time. * The fireworks are a dud, requiring a 90-second hack of the hotel's server room to broadcast a jumbo-tron message at the blimp pilot. Cops can interrupt this hack in a similar fashion to HBO D1's carpark security PC. * The armoury's C4 bags are *inside* the ammunition cages, requiring an extra 60-second drill (no breaks, like all other GG drills) or a saw to reach them. * The Ladies' bathroom sinks are Out Of Order, requiring BFD refills to be done on the other side of the floor in the Men's. This briefly exposes the player(s) making the refill as they move across the main floor, as well as marginally slowing the refill process. * The winch hook breaks halfway through pulling the BFD into position, causing it to swing back and requiring the winch to be reattached and restarted. * The security room's dumbwaiter is broken, requiring bags to be thrown up the stairs. The total horizontal distance moved is still the same. * Temporary (90-120 seconds) gas in: lower vault area, Ladies' bathroom, storage closets, archives (if the vault has not been revealed), and/or locker room (if the briefcase objective is still active), requiring the team to quickly dart in and out to complete objectives or even wait it out. Notice that none of these places require extended time spent in them, with the possible exception of the Archives (an optional objective) and the lower vault while setting the drill on the Dentist's room door. * Permanent gas in security room (not including stairs) if the Dentist's loot has been picked up, forcing the team to move straight into the staff area without being able to regroup and take cover at the double doors. One random RNG event for every favour spent over budget sounds reasonable. A couple points over and you'll encounter some mild irritations/hiccups, but go nuts in Preplanning and the run will turn into a nightmare of constant obstacles and mild frustrations (that sometimes multiply together).
I'd like to add to the other comments in this thread - hosting DW is your best option to avoid being kicked.
That might be true, but he got Infamy 8 to 25 all in the same minute. He gave himself infamy.
A lot of things in PD2 don't make sense except from a game balance/fun perspective. This is one of those times.
&gt; Swat Vans are always placed near the escape. Ever played Election Day 2 Plan B on loud? You know those turrets that camp the van, along with the snipers? That's what that would be like. We already have issues with turrets and escapes on H&amp;T, it just wouldn't be fun.
It's not. This was made in photoshop.
It's gone on my end as well. Maybe something broke in the backend?
http://nimblejack3.tumblr.com/post/123721199212
I should point out, RK's videos look so good because he's a professional video editor. Most of us don't have the skill or tools to make similar things.
Nobody knows. Overkill does it at their discretion, and they don't tell us far in advance.
Huh, thanks. I was wrong. You'd think OVERKILL would actually list correct damage values.
I also cannot speak of such a tool on this subreddit, lest the mods descend and burn us all, but I can confirm that whether or not you use such a thing does not impact earning the safe and drill.
The spreadsheet is a list of all skins that come with mods, along with the weapon cost, associated safe and other information. Right-click the top of a column and select Sort Sheet A -&gt; Z to filter for certain qualities such as cost or which skins drop a given mod. Greyed-out mods are AVAILABLE/have an infinite quantity, and so will not be spawned by skin selling. Every effort has been made to provide correct information, if I've made a mistake somewhere please tell me so I can fix it.
**Q: Does this remove the need for weapon mod DLCs such as Courier Pack?** A: No. Skin-farmable mods only cover about 60-80% of what the DLCs provide - useful things like Theia Scope, DMR kits and THRUST lowers require DLC purchase. However, if you don't use these mods, you may not need to purchase the DLCs as skins are cheaper (especially the highly-worn ones) and can be used as long as you have the in-game spending to buy the weapons. ^^^now ^^^that ^^^I've ^^^pointed ^^^this ^^^out ^^^OVERKILL ^^^is ^^^sure ^^^to ^^^patch ^^^it
Huh, I didn't know they used a different kind of turret. That explains why I have better success vs. turrets on BtM. Thanks!
Nope, they got rid of that with the Preferred Character system. You can only select characters you own.
Fixed both, thanks.
Neat, I didn't know. Thanks for explaining.
I love dome, myself. It all comes down to what the teams are like - clever defenders will leave a small rearguard on the first section to guard against sneaky flank-cappers.
If you didn't detect the *sarcasm* in my post, racism is not something to be "solved". It has to be systematically stamped out at all levels in all places, by everyone. You can't just say "this house on fire is not important enough to put out".
2 questions: * When is XP applied towards Missions? Only when a match completes? Or when you leave the match? * Where's the Report Player function? I feel like I'm missing it right under my nose.
Thanks a lot for the tip, I've put a scrambler on my anti-air/LMG class and it's working wonders. Frees up my blue perk slot for Scavenger.
MK46 with Grip and Silencer, but in the hour or so since I made my previous post I've swapped my blue perk to Sleight Of Hand. I don't burn through my ammo fast enough each life to need any more.
I don't use Quick Draw - ADS isn't so slow that I can't get a tight cone of fire before I've gone prone. Assassin is far more important for concealment and ambushing (especially in combination with the MK46's Silencer) which keeps me alive and safe enough to stop and point rockets at the sky. Weapon switch and reload times are the big hurdles and Sleight Of Hand's effects makes them much more managable. I also use Steady Aim for hip-fire kills which does away with the downsides of LMG ADS and uses the huge 100-round mag to create almost a poor man's PM-9. It does reasonably well, even with my terrible ping. The only reason I haven't switched to a PM-9 entirely is that the MK46 can create a sustained stream of bullets the way the PM9's smaller mags and higher RoF can't. This lets me lock down chokepoints or search through walls for enemies and easily score 3-shot kills on people who aren't expecting it. People are always expecting me to reload after the first few dozen rounds, and make fatal mistakes when they try and use an opening which isn't there. Sometimes I won't even reload once over 3-5 kills. Probably the only downside to this setup is that the Scrambler means I can't bring flashbangs to create Recon Grenades and provide valuable intel to my team, but hopefully being able to quickly shut down enemy killstreaks makes up for that.
Here's my full loadout: https://i.imgur.com/3seyGMM.jpg I use Support killstreaks. There's no way in hell I'm good enough to reliably get more than 1 kill every life, and as I personally demonstrate, even the shiniest Assault toys can easily be broken. I've also been experimenting with the Care Trap - if you carefully cue your behavior around it, you can bait the enemy into thinking that it's a real care package. Some of my favourite tactics include using it as cover (implying you're about to try and open it once people stop shooting) or having it drop into an area enemies are about to take, then put up a show of trying to retake it. I've gotten a few trap kills just today. I'm a huge fan of the game behind the game - I don't just want to shoot people, I want to hear the lamentations of my enemies, to see them humiliated and driven before me. Being able to flank and shut down some shotgun-sprinter's Assault Drone within seconds of it spawning is more rewarding than MVP, and knowing people are _still_ falling for Care Traps in 2016 keeps me warm at night.
If you don't like that a five-year-old game with no more developer support is open to abuse, try one of the fan-maintained plugins like TeknoMW3.
Hasn't this already been posted here?
It's hideous, I love it. Is there even rice in that thing?
The only reason companies would copy a multiplayer microtransacton system was if it worked for CoD - and it did. The blame for $0.99 roulette-spins lies with those of us who bought them and created a positive sales report for the then-new system.
USD$200 is AUD$270, about twice as much as the GTX 760 at the moment. **EDIT:** Looking back at how much I wanted to spend on a graphics card, that's not bad. Thanks for the recommendation! Do we know when it'll be released yet?
By H110, you mean the Intel H110? http://www.newegg.com/global/au/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813130897 The 6500 is about a hundred dollars more expensive than the 6100. Unless it's holding the rest of the system back, I'd rather not blow out my budget before I'm done shopping for other components. Doesn't the GPU do most of the heavy lifting for gaming anyway?
Nuts. I'll consider making the change. Thanks for the heads up.
Actually the AMCAR makes a pretty decent LMG thing. Stick a Quadstacked in it, mod for 40 damage, 50 accuracy and 100 stability. Aim at cops, hold down the trigger until they're dead, run over their bodies to feast on the huge pickups, repeat. Even shreds dozer faceplates in reasonable time and will eventually hit that sniper after a couple dozen rounds. Can't think of a way to make the Chiamano useful, though.
That needs skill point investment, though. That's a totally different ballgame.
Ah, thankyou. I had no idea that was a thing.
BBQ pack is considered very strong, as it gives you Molotovs and the Piglet.
/r/paydaytheheistmods
So the skill is simply 60% faster mag swaps as long as you manage your ammo count? That's pretty good.
Last time I checked, the GL40 had one of the fewest pickups-to-full count.
Soon^TM There's other, more profitable things in the pipeline first, like the biker pack that's being announced at E3.
Cop aggression doesn't work instantly. It does depend on the PC but sometimes even with good hardware behind the AI they'll still take a couple moments to turn and shoot (especially if they were tracking other targets through the wall).
That's not a glitch. Bags don't dupe or suddenly spawn. Sounds like someone in your lobby was hacking.
New meaning to the term "pistol grip"?
BBQ pack. It contains Molotovs and the Piglet 40mm grenade launcher.
Please see Rule #3 in the sidebar: &gt; - Do not post links of a player's name or steam page without their permission.
Nope! Some DLC packs (Chivalry, Sydney, Western, Historical, Gage Weapon Packs #01 and #02) aren't worth getting at all. I'd rather get only the better DLC for less.
Because more serious players already know to do this. Casual players don't, often.
Common developer trick is to simply move the scenery past a stationary train set, like a chariot race in an old gladiator film. Stepping off the train is usually prevented with invisible walls or death triggers to help sell the relative motion.
This way, they spend more "this will make us money" time amd effort on the DLC we want to buy instead of skins we barely tolerate.
You can still get downvoted heavily in this sub for railing against it. It's not good. **EDIT:** It was most apparent when the sub's discord server got set up. Lots of neckbeards crawled out of the woodwork.
Congratulations on being a shitty person who still thinks it's okay to use "faggot" in this day and age. Fuck off and please don't come back.
Obvious choices are White Xmas and Cook-Off. Other good heists might include Big Oil Day 2, Framing Frame Day 3, Diamond Store, Election Day Day 2 (plan A), GO Bank, and Hoxton Revenge.
Dropped in, saw nothing but CSGO menu and VoIP conversations for a while.
This isn't a bad idea. What achievement is it in particular, OP?
Yeah, you're best off backing up, wiping and then restoring your save.
https://i.imgur.com/xrSaQyv.png I don't want to sound too agressive about this but we are _sick_ and _tired_ of having to answer this goddamn question every week when it's in the _fucking sidebar_.
Please just fuck off. Nobody likes you here any more.
It's a bug related to HoxHud: https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/4nxetr/sentry_guns_not_working/
In case you hadn't noticed your sea of downvotes and plummeting reputation, you're not welcome here Mr Straight-White-Guy. Would you use the n-word in a public area? No? Then you probably shouldn't use other slurs, regardless of what you think it means. Congrats on equating being gay to being a shitty asshole. People like you contributed to Orlando. Look at that rainbow flag up top and think about why *fifty* people were massacred this week. Fuck off.
We all know there's hacked lobbies. You don't need to come back here and bang your drum every time you find one.
~~Important to note is that HVT Ace is now better than Theia, so depending on your skill setup you may not need it.~~
The Raven makes a fantastic primary guardapult with its' +1 concealment irons.
What exactly do you mean by a "light build"?
Current armour (ICTV) builds are actually fairly speedy, especially if you're picking up Commando mobility skills or even the extra speed from Partner In Crime.
Honkytonk Brappadoo
Thanks a lot for the info! Looking forward to seeing those weapon stats soon.
Heister Voice Changer: http://forums.lastbullet.net/mydownloads.php?action=view_down&amp;did=12826
I believe there's a number of tools out there that let you add levels and progression, but I can't recommend any in particular. Most of them are either virus-laden or no longer work.
Sounds like the Alesso Heist stealth loop, probably randomly selected through your music choices?
It's fairly common to play a beginner stealth heist on DW right after infamying. Jewellery Store or Ukranian Job are more common, but Bank Heist is definitely doable at level 0. **EDIT:** Jesus, your levels are turned up high. That opening "hello" gave me a jump.
Nope. The OVE9000 is a Special weapon, not a melee weapon. You have to "fire" it, not swing it with the melee button.
The respec button is gone, but now you can easily right-click on skills to get rid of them.
Build meta is a lot flatter now, we still have the armour/dodge divide but it's difficult to get more specific than that. Inspire's quite cheap now and it's easy to pick up for most builds. Most of us are still getting to grips with it. Try /r/paydaymeta for more information.
&gt; This user has also played as: &gt; * Zoey Bailey (n1gg3r Faggot) &gt; * Gokillyourselfer &gt; * Zoey Bailey (****** Faggot) &gt; S.O.S ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ S.O.S ╠═══╣TRUMP WALL╠═══╣┏(-_-)┓┏(-_-)┛┗(-_- )┓┗(-_-)┛ &gt; Dinduism: The belief that black youths can do no wrong so they burn and loot their own neighborhood to defend their ignorance as the repeat they narrative. no thanks.
You could probably also add that GWP#01's frag grenades are now available for free as Community Grenades.
It'd probably still hit those targets with low accuracy, since you'll still have pellets flying down near the point of aim. Why rob yourself of short-range multikills?
Most of those are pretty good, but the VR line made me cringe. It's weird how they try to shove real-world promotions into the pager lines, like Bonnie's "I've been reading the walking dead comic! Scared the shit outta me!".
"ah yes, I'll call him a faggot. this is a good idea and in no way a shitty way to behave."
That actually looks pretty appetizing.
That's desync. A big tell is the chat spam.
Not yet. Have patience and wait.
There was an exploit for the cheevo safes?
Katana is currently the DPS winner, with a huge reach as well.
If you head into the official sub discord, let us know how well moderated it is now. It was a cesspit when it first went up.
Tell us what you DO have, so we can actually give you helpful information.
Agreed. It's made even worse by the lack of hard numbers in the perk deck itself, we have to read code and create mods just to learn what things do. Let's form a prayer circle that Frank updates the Long Guide soon.
Is it ok for white friends to call each other the n-word?
So it's ok for white people to use the n-word, if they're talking to each other?
Good luck. Try Cook-Off marathon runs for cash and XP farming.
There's no difference between white people using the n-word and straight people using "faggot". It's not their term to use, and not your place to decide whether they can.
A lot of us don't like PD2 stream videos. That clip was twice as long as it needed to be and most of us just kill civs anyway.
Fugitive isn't a playstyle or perk deck, it's the 5th skill tree that was released with Hoxton Breakout.
Fugitive skills have never provided an unique no-armour option. Are you thinking of Sneaky Bastard, a fugitive skill that provides extra dodge bonus for lower detection rating? You've always been able to wear the Two-Piece Suit regardless of skills.
You don't have to take BOTH launchers, just one or the other.
AMCAR hits 100 stability while still letting you move and ADS. It's just smoother and easier to use.
That's totally up to you, you just need something that'll sustain itself. Try one of the high-pickup ARs like the AMCAR or Commando.
This is awful. It's just footage of you and your friends talking about "Which disney princess would you bang". It's shitty and we don't want it here.
&gt; pushing more towards "everything is great, no matter how you build it" idea How is this not friendly to RPG elements? OVERKILL hasn't pushed away from skill builds and level progression at all, they're just trying to level the field and make sure everyone's running something other than fugimind or techforcer. In fact, ammo mods would have to be balanced as well with no clear winner. RPG systems suffer when only certain ways of doing things are great.
how are you going to "trade" codes? someone would have to reveal their code first and there's no way you can know the other person would reveal theirs.
Good luck with that.
Don't forget Confident basic, it's still the actually-an-aura thing from its' days as Dominator.
We're interested in videos that push the envelope, we get excited about things we haven't already seen a thousand times. **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
Are we allowed to make mods for you to use, if they're funny/appropriate enough?
&gt; You might want to consider getting an SSD I'd prefer reliability and component life over an SSD's warp-drive read/write, I'm not looking to splurge deeply and I have fears of data loss. &gt; CPU fan isnt necessary if you don't intend to overclock The mobo comes with a stock fan, right? Will that be sufficient? &gt;Also are you sure those amazon prices are in AUD? ~~I double-checked to make sure all three sites were giving me prices in AUD.~~ ~~I may be wrong. Is there a way to change listed prices to AUD? I swear I'd toggled that on.~~ I've switched to using PCPP to track my build.
Thanks very much, putting the parts in now. Is there a difference between 1x8GB or 2x4GB RAM beyond one less slot used? PCPP is telling me that they're the same price for 8GB of Crucial DDR4.
Appreciate it, I'll go with 2x4GB in case one stick breaks over time (highly unlikely but it'll give me time to buy a new stick with no downtime).
It's literally right in the goddamn sidebar you were asked to read before posting.
Well, last time we were given a deadline (spring 2016 for Safehouse Customisation) it came and went with no word at all.
W I P W P I P I W P W I I P W I W P None of these combinations work for the HB5 code. Are there duplicate letters?
Would have been nice to know before I burned all my activation attempts on double-checking. Now I'm locked out of getting the pack, as someone's going to swoop in and guess the duplicate code before my hour cooldown's up.
They go like fucking hotcakes. https://i.imgur.com/zgVJFyu.png ^(900 hours in inkscape) **EDIT:** Well, I didn't win. That's a shame.
There's old safes and new safes. Both kinds have skins inside. Any stat benefit from skins can be duplicated for free with Boost Mods. Boost Mods will override skins if both are used at the same time. Old safes dropped from card flips and required a corresponding drill to open, which could be bought with money or also obtained from card flips. They have been discontinued, but any safes and drills still remaining in player inventories can still be used. New safes can be opened without any purchase. They are slated to drop from card flips as well but we've yet to have one released yet.
Nice! Maybe the rappelling tans created a collision box at the window that pushed you out?
Drills no longer drop from card flips. If you don't already have any compatible drills, you must buy them from other people. Drills are no longer available for purchase from OVERKILL/Steam. ^( **tl;dr:** you're shit outta luck you fucked up )
Not having a stamina bar just makes me uncertain of my own condition and unable to make proper judgements while playing, just as if I had no HP bar. It's not as bad but the idea is the same. Ever since I added in one via mods, it's become a lot easier to gauge my reach and make more solid decisions about where to go and what to do. Certain parts of PD2 have become less luck-based and more skill-based, rewarding my decisions and planning ability rather than factors I can't see.
Those are some serious icing skills. Usually this sort of stuff is just cringey, but this is really good.
Immersion is worth diddly-squat if it becomes difficult to judge your own condition during unpredictable situations. Testing tells me that breathing noises start to become audible at 25%, with Jacket's breathing very quiet compared to the usual background gunfire. Even assuming you have a character with very audible huffing and puffing, it's impossible to tell after sprinting whether you have 90% or 30% stamina left because neither percentage has an indicator. I wouldn't be rushing across the map to reach an objective if I knew that I only had 30% stamina and would get stuck at walking speed halfway through. Without a stamina bar, I'm at the mercy of statistics I can't properly observe. Imagine if health worked a similar way, with no HP bar and screen-ketchup starting at 25%. Would you still be able to make good decisions about your own survivability?
Unfortunately that's wrong, heisters start to huff and puff at around 25%.
The hitmarker really helps to center my screen a lot of the time. I've become very good at using the afterimage to aim my next hipfire shot.
This is a bug related to Stockholm Syndrome that was introduced in Update 100. It has yet to be patched.
I don't know the specifics of how it triggers, so I can't answer that I'm afraid. Someone else should be able to.
Nope. Off the top of my head I can recall that Bonnie has a particular raspy/feminine tone to her breathing that's different from, say, Jacket or Chains.
I just tried to buy a drill through the Steam Inventory in PD2 before I made that post. How are drills bought in-game?
We're interested in videos that push the envelope, we get excited about things we haven't already seen a thousand times. **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
It's a reasonable investment of effort to push an update out via Steam, so they tend to wait until there's a group of bugfixes ready to go unless it's super-critical like CTD.
Jesus christ, read the sidebar like we asked you to.
Beautiful, I love it.
Source?
Most people play videogames casually. Not sure why you're crying about it.
If you haven't liked the way the game has been since Shotgun Pack, it's unlikely to change course now.
Yes, it does. Ask /r/paydaytheheistmods next time.
We're directing you there because you're crying about changes that have already been made. Where was this post during the beta process?
If I remember the discussion from the Biker Pack threads right, the axe is faster to draw and hurl.
Right, let's break down your post bit by bit. &gt; **Skills that used to be top tier are now unlocked at the very beginning** These skills are Endurance Ace, Shinobi Basic, Cat Burglar Ace, Dominator Basic and ECM Feedback Ace. That's two Tier 3 skills, two Tier 1 skills and a Tier 6 skill of dubious usefulness. While you're technically correct in that a "top tier" skill is now available for everyone, it's ECM Feedback. How often does anyone use it? &gt; **you can max out like 3 trees at once** You can max out a little over two and a half SUBtrees at once. Ignoring the initial equipment unlock, which is now free for everyone, there's still 18 skills in each of the five skill trees. Maxing out a subtree is just like buying a third of an old skill tree, except now you don't need to waste points on filler to reach T6 and can just go straight for what you need. &gt; **anybody can use any deployable regardless of build** Most loud builds could bring meds, ammo, ECMs and FAKs anyway because we were all buying mandatory skills in Mastermind, Enforcer, Ghost and Fugitive. Stealth builds don't need any of those, and were bringing ECMs or body bags anyway because of the stealth skills in Ghost and mid-tier Fugitive. &gt; **there's like 3 perk decks that let you constantly gain health back** All regen decks were present before Update 100. Only Muscle has constant regen. Muscle's regen rate was nerfed during Update 100. &gt; **the sentry guns. Oh god, the sentry guns.** This is a valid concern. Most of us do see the need for a sentry gun nerf, and there's been discussions about the best way to do it. &gt; **When I'm creating my skill builds, I no longer feel like I'm specializing myself. When you unlock new skills and tiers, it no longer feels like you're slowly improving as an enforcer, or a technician. Instead, it feels like you just went up into a dream state and you're picking out what superpowers you want.** Build meta is now flatter and blurrier. There's no such thing as rigidly-defined Techforcer, Masterforcer, Fugimind etc. builds anymore. Nobody can point to half a dozen skills and say "you must take these". There's a lot more options available, but you can't take more of them. &gt; **I've been using Grinder along with a techforcer build, and with a shotgun I can regenerate almost all my health in less than a minute. On Overkill.** Welcome to the new build meta. There's fewer wrong choices, and you can play how you want instead of what's best. Did you have fun? If you enjoyed yourself, then it's a success. &gt; **There used to be one skill that made your drills go faster, one skill that sometimes gave your drills an autofix, and another that made your drills quieter. Now, that's all one skill. At the very start of the skilltree.** &gt; [...] &gt; **Now, imagine repping up for the first time now. Congratulations, you put your first skillpoint into technician! Remember that crappy old drill? Well, now its almost completely upgraded right from the get-go!** Hardware Expert Basic (+25% drill repair speed) still costs the same. Hardware Expert Ace (30% chance of placing an auto-fixing drill) used to cost 3 points. Now it's split into two skills, and requires a total of 9 points to purchase. Drill Sergeant Ace (+30% drilling speed) used to be 4 points, now it costs 6 points. Drill skills are _more expensive_ to purchase now. The only exception is Silent Drilling, which is now free - but it's always been next to useless and a total waste of points (even on stealth, where Silent Motor saws are superior). &gt; **dont bother using doctor bags, all your teammates can just generate their health back by themselves with those DLC perk decks of theirs!** Medbags are primarily about resupplying downs instead of health. None of the decks will let you survive being caught in the open in front of a dozen cops and a taser, but medbags will let you recover from it once you're picked back up. The arguably best regen deck is Muscle and it's available in the base game. &gt; **Going back to the health regeneration perks, I feel as though the health bar should be split in half; if you're below half of your health, it'll only regenerate back to the midpoint. If you're above half, it'll go back to full.** This is similar to how HP and armour used to be before regen sources like Muscle were introduced. "Full regeneration sucks" is not a discussion unique to Update 100.
I don't own either throwable's DLC but I believe it might be. There could be a difference in how many you can carry? I'd ask someone who knows more.
GOTY includes all DLC up to and including the Clover Character Pack. Scroll through the PD2 DLC list and decide whether getting all those packs for that price is worth it for you. Not all DLCs are powerful or game-changing, especially in light of later releases. You may decide to individually purchase a smaller number of DLC packs instead.
1280x720
Nope. Just standard red. Here's a screenshot, along with a comparison of my custom EOTech reticle which has a far more visible center dot: https://imgur.com/a/kp9Q1
There's no way to affect safe drop rates. You'll get one a week, awarded at a random time.
That's a bug. Despite the message, you will not have your offshore burned.
All across the subreddit, heisters poke their heads up from where we've been rolling in turrets and fighting each other over discount DLC. A murmur goes up. "Secret?" The whisper is repeated, carried, multiplied as it spreads from person to person. "The Secret!" Tinfoil hats are brought out of closets from where we had left them to rot. A group of people start to extract bundles, texture files spewing like hot foam from local caches. Someone buys the Biker Heist Pack just to see it for themselves, $6.99 for a hundred-pixel icon rendered on their screen. "Find the Secret!" The Machine is awake again. And this time it knows what to look for.
Jesus christ, read the sidebar like you were told to before posting.
Check the sidebar! We asked you to read it before you posted!
Then you'll just get downvoted to hell for asking a question we've already answered.
Does this work with any other deployables? Does it only happen if you're looking at the ground? Is the medbag deployed/wasted?
Here's a guide to posting videos on this subreddit: **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
Read the Steam Guides, they're made for these questions.
Are you using the E3 masks? Those are setting off DLC anticheat.
Saws are loud. Ever been in a machine shop while the metal saw was going? Use the Silent Motor mod for the OVE9000 if you need it.
Go to the Bug Reporting section of the PD2 Steam Forums. They're better equipped to help you.
This subreddit is not frequented by PD2 developers or QA members as much as the Bug Reporting subforum is. You will get no solutions or help here.
AFAIK Katana still wins due to highest DPS coupled with long reach, unless you're sensible and just use the Buzzer/Electric Knuckles for stun and conversion.
There's no such thing as servers, PD2 matchmaking is peer-to-peer. Lag is determined by your connection to your teammates.
It'll work just fine on special enemies like before, but you're passing over taking a different primary that deals with Overkill specials just as well but is also more well-rounded and can perform other duties. Consider DMRs or 40mm GLs.
I've started posting this every time someone turns up with more youtube garbage.
To be honest, Captain Winters is a mess. You can see what they tried to do - a boss wave that gets worse if you try and ignore it. Solid idea, and a good way to flip the tables on the usual DW hiding/kiting pacificsm strategies. However, he's got a number of issues: * Payday 2 is a game about staying near objectives and moving towards goals while fending off a horde. Map progression is a common theme, with specific areas for specific stages of the mission. Captain Winters appears on a fixed point on the map, inconveniently located where you're probably not. Big Bank, Bomb Dockyard and The Diamond are the worst offenders - he appears at the map spawn while the team is busy with the endgame area. This requires the team to abandon the entire point of why they're playing, and instead dedicate themselves to killing him. * This wouldn't be an issue if he wasn't either a pushover or an untouchable brick wall. Three 40mm rounds or two well-placed Frag Grenades are enough to kill him and his entire phlanx at once. If you _don't_ have explosive weapons, you're shit out of luck and must now do 4,800 damage to him from behind before he will retreat. Either it's a tedious run across half the map through a buffed wave for 1-2 seconds of actual effort and then another boring jog back, or your entire crew must abandon the objective just to stand around him for ages taking turns to empty your ammunition pools into him while damage-buffed cops do the same to you. * His last and final problem is his arrival time. It's impossible to know exactly when he'll turn up. Even assuming that his perch is close to where you are (such as on Slaughterhouse or Birth Of Sky), even assuming that your team is standing around with full Piglets at the ready, once the orange indicator is up you _still_ have to wait an inconsistent amount of time for him to show up. He'll spawn immediately and walk straight into your 40mm, or he'll take five minutes and force everyone to sit around and neglect the objective just to make sure he doesn't cause problems for everyone. All up, Captain Winters is both tedious and unpredictable. You don't beat him with teamwork, or strategy, or even just good resource/time management. You sit around and stare at the wall instead of being productive until finally you can either click the fire button a couple times or stand around in the open and hold it down. He just makes the game worse.
I created an addendum you can see here: https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/4pg3bo/idea_replace_winters_with_a_specialorder_gensec/
It's a bug. No fix has been announced yet, since it's not a CTD.
That doesn't change the contents of card drops, just makes the flip effect more fancy for the person using the mod.
I had the same idea at first but'd be a bit weird to have a flying drone not be delicate and easily brought down when shot.
&gt; If i need ecm feedback for emergency situation This is not the reaction you should be having to an emergency on a loud heist. You should be falling back, kiting the wave, regrouping and reloading/regenerating. ECM feedback is a waste of points. &gt; For heist which start in stealth and go loud later, it doesn't go well also. Don't bother trying to half-half a heist. Do it all in loud or all in stealth.
Copy-pasted the page for a super-speedy response, since Cupcakez likes to put up empty posts to beat me. ~~Still going through fixing the formatting.~~ All fixed.
If the game loads the card flip screen, you've already received your reward. The flip itself is just window dressing.
That's an excellent point. I can't come up with a way to fix that.
Good point. I'm starting to think this idea is better in theory than in practice.
I was already reaching for my "Blast OP For Asking If Things Have Changed" button. Thanks for the positive message! c:
The stat mod for the Apex skin is -4 Accuracy, not an ammo pool mod. No skin has a stat mod that isn't already covered by the weapon's available Boost Mods.
Read the changelog and release site like the rest of us.
Everyone's guaranteed one for their first card flip after a new safe is released. This is nothing new.
I'm horrified. People have been shot for less!
Yes, you do. You must re-earn them by levelling up again.
Nope, because those claymore traps and road turrets make the escape hell. It's one of my least favourite maps on loud (but one of my favourite on stealth).
Please ask /r/paydaytheheistmods next time.
You'll still be able to remove/return them, much like Community masks and weapons when PD2 "forgets" you're in the group.
Each level of Infamy adds a cumulative XP bonus. At XXV, you're earning 350% of the usual XP reward.
Ah, I didn't notice that change, only Sergeant -&gt; Sawgeant. Thanks for the tip on Sixth Sense, I hadn't realised.
Captain Winters appears on online-only, and so would this drone.
I find that Partner In Crime synergises extremely well with Muscle and Hostage Taker. Not only does the set increase your HP by an extra 120% but it also increases how much HP regenerates per tick due to higher percentages (7.5% in total) and a larger HP pool to take percentages from.
The Suppressed Barrel, like all achievement-locked mods, never drops from cards. It's marked as AVAILABLE in the inventory can be mounted as many times as you like.
Newer DLCs give you a free copy of card-droppable mods when you buy them. Is that what you're thinking of?
There's 2 Gage Courier packages on every level plus 2 for every difficulty skull. DW has 10, Ovk has 8, VH 6, Hard 4 and Normal 2.
Trying to solo many of the heists is difficult if not almost impossible. It's designed for four-player co-op play where you can move many bags or babysit multiple objectives at once. You'll have much more fun playing alongside other people.
I don't see why not, but I can't be sure.
That's the Goat Simulator Day 1 truck.
Firestarter, Watchdogs, Mallcrasher with full ATMs and Nightclub all give fairly decent payouts on Overkill. Try those, as well as some Jewellery Store and Ukrainian Job stealth on Deathwish.
One safe per week. No more, no less. It drops on a random day.
/r/paydaybuilds
On Overkill and below, assuming headshots: * 40 for a Green * 50 for a Shield (200 required for AP through their shield) * 80 for a Tan * 120 for a Cloaker * 160 for a Taser. These aren't exact numbers but it's easier to remember if you notice that apart from the shield it goes up by 40 each time.
DW Shadow Raid totally cleaned out in a 4 minute ECM rush is the undisputed king, but it requires 4 co-ordinated players and tight teamwork. Cook Off is the next rung down and can even be completed with pubs, then Aftershock and Hoxton breakout which require far less effort and investment.
The rice buns and seaweed look nice, but that patty is a minced-up nightmare from mars. What the fuck did they do to that tuna?
We're not a trading subreddit. Please go elsewhere.
...It's right there on the sidebar.
Old safes dropped one a week too.
/r/paydaytheheistonline
Look at the sidebar. Posting links instead of full text is against subreddit rules.
Sokol probably has the best pager lines of any character - they're all reasonable excuses, sound natural, include other totally-not-dead guards standing next to him, and reference the idea that GenSec is now actively on the lookout for "the clowns" in particular. Some of my favourites include: &gt; "Apologies. Was showing Barney cossack dances, kick radio. We're fine." &gt; "Aaah, microwave activated radio. *Barney! Your popcorn is getting Control!*" &gt; "Saw clowns. Then realised circus is nearby. No need for alarm." &gt; "Aaah, so that's what this button does. Wonderful. God bless America. Don't send backup." &gt; "Reporting Gamma-3-2, Control. Barney destroyed the bathroom. Again." &gt; "Barney, what is it? *[muffled response, something about 'the manager']* You see, Control? We're fine." &gt; "We had a bet on the response time. You just won me twenty dollars. *Barney! Pay your fat ass up!*"
What you wrote seems to read as: * You can't assume it'll be one a week * The developers said it'll be the same drop rate as before * We've never been told how often safes drop before Is this correct?
What the fresh hell is a TF2 Soldier build? Please go to /r/paydaybuilds instead.
That's a real line Dragan says. It's dumb as hell.
Honestly, I have no idea what you're supposed to do with Sociopath. I can see it being a "fun" deck where you play on Hard or Very Hard with a katana, but it's nowhere near as powerful as Muscle. It's just not an attractive choice.
Only sniper rifles and AP shotgun ammo can pierce shields. No such thing as the M308 doing it.
Please let us know when you find this magic hidden feature. Are you perhaps getting confused by the "armour piercing" skills which allow you to bypass tan body armour?
That's the message the game displays when anticheat triggers. When did it happen? What was he doing?
Here's a guide to posting videos on this subreddit: **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
/r/paydaydadjokes
Muscle's still pretty decent but Grinder got taken down a peg due to dodge % loss.
Use the search bar before asking questions.
Player models are currently bugged when downed by fall damage: https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/4pxw8a/getting_downed_by_fall_damage_seems_pretty_bugged/
Here's a guide to posting videos on this subreddit: **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
You cannot. It drops from end-of-heist card flips only.
Yakuza is an example of how no matter how amazing the bonuses are, trading away HP regen and relying only on armour is a bad idea. HP is worth nothing if it can't recover.
Unfortunately you posted: * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with
* Old drills and safes will no longer drop * Old drills and safes will remain in steam inventories * Old drills can still be used to open old safes * Old drills can still be bought for any remaining old safes you still have * New safes now drop 1/week from end-of-heist card flips * New safes do not have any drills associated with them * New safes can be opened immediately, for free * New safes and their skins are freely tradable on the Steam Market, just like old safes/drills/skins
If you've already posted this to the modding subreddit, there's no need to post it here as well.
For the PD2 community, 80-damage rifles are referred to as Battle Rifles to differentiate themselves from 40-damage Assault Rifles and 120+damage DMRs. All three categories have different handling and roles. We use the term "DMR" because the release of DMR Kits allowed us to mod Assault Rifles such as the CAR-4 and battle rifles such as the G3 into M308-style pseudo-sniper rifles. The M308 was rechristened a DMR to fit with its' new siblings. We use the term "Battle Rifle" because the real-world counterparts of the Eagle Heavy, AK 7.62 and other 80-damage rifles use full-size rifle cartridges and qualify for the real-world "battle rifle" name. The AMR-16 is called a Battle Rifle not because of the real-world cartridge it fires, but because it's an 80-damage rifle similar to the others. **tl;dr: We break up "Assault Rifles" in the inventory screen into three different subcategories of similar power and role, and we named the categories for different reasons.**
Sometimes, people on the internet act like assholes. There's not a lot you can do about that. In this situation, the solution is to host your own lobbies.
Please re-read my post. &gt; The M308 was rechristened a DMR &gt; [...] &gt; other 80-damage rifles use full-size rifle cartridges and qualify for the real-world "battle rifle" name. Within the PD2 community the M308 is a DMR and the Falcon is a Battle Rifle. Note that putting a DMR Kit on an AMR-16 changes it from a Battle Rifle to a DMR. These categories are sorted solely according to weapon damage.
We have all encountered this kind of behavior, and are thoroughly over it. Please do not whine to us about it.
It hasn't been a week since the safes came out. Give it time.
Big gap between HLM and Crimefest 2015.
As far as I'm aware, nobody has a changelog summary from HLM onwards. Search bar wouldn't help.
The PD2 wiki contains information on all the heists.
Go to the Bug Reporting forum on PD2's steam discussions, and show them your crash logs.
Safes start dropping from level 0. If you haven't received a safe yet, have patience because this week's drop cycle doesn't end until Friday.
Try asking /r/paydaytheheistmods, they'll know
Looking good, I can't wait to see it when it's finished!
If you're talking about the hit feedback flash, I run a mod that lowers it (and can disable it entirely) due to my photosensitivity. I did not write this. **mod.txt** { "name": "No Hit Feedback", "description": "Removes yellow and red flash upon hit", "author": "Seven", "contact": "N/A", "version": "N/A", "priority": 5, "hooks": [ { "hook_id": "core/lib/managers/coreenvironmentcontrollermanager", "script_path": "nohitfeedback.lua" } ] } **nohitfeedback.lua** function CoreEnvironmentControllerManager:set_health_effect_value(health_effect_value) self._hit_amount = 0.2 --Yellow/white armor impact flash per hit increment self._health_effect_value = health_effect_value * 0.4 --Red health impact flash end Default values for the two numbers in nohitfeedback.lua are 1. Lowering them to 0 removes them entirely. Next time, please ask /r/paydaytheheistmods as they are better equipped to answer your questions about modding.
This doesn't seem to be PD2 related.
I don't usually set an hours gate on Overkill games, as it's not as critical for everyone to be competent, but I do set my gate at 80 so anyone still learning gets a big red mark when they join and I can keep an eye on them. Anyone with a green mark I can safely ignore.
Nice work, thanks! I'm not familliar with Better Bots - does it affect this in any way?
Each of the skill trees is broken into sub-trees, which center around a particular way of playing. The Medic sub-tree is about healing, the Tank sub-tree is about heavy armour and armour recovery, the Engineer sub-tree is about turrets, etc. Each sub-tree has a capstone skill on top, such as Inspire or Iron Man.
People have picked over the Golden Grin's assets. There's no secret to be found yet. Any interesting links between things (such as the Chivalry Pack helmet insignia being found in the Biker Heist) are either red herrings or preparation that doesn't make any sense without context yet to be added.
Let us know when you find it.
It took me 400 hours for a CAR-4 Long Barrel to drop back when it was essential to create the best rifle setup in the game. Sometimes things just take ages - at least Shark Teeth isn't necessary anymore to make the Loco or GSPS work efficiently on Overkill.
Yes, they do. Regardless of how you do it, picking someone off the ground counts as a revive.
Go to the Bug Reports subforum on the PD2 Steam Discussions and show them your crash logs.
Try /r/paydaybuilds instead.
Unless you can reliably make multi-kill shots with the Thanatos, you're going to lose out. More than half your pickups will not refund a bullet due to rounding.
/r/paydaytrades
/r/paydaytheheistonline
Go to the Bug Reports subforum on the PD2 Steam Discussions and show them your crash logs.
/r/paydaytheheistmods
It doesn't matter how good you are, with less than half your pickups refunding a single bullet you *will* slowly bleed ammo to inaccessible pickups because cops often shoot at you spread out and far away. If you're only using the Thanatos at close range on big mobs of cops, you're using it wrong. It's like saying that the RPG is the best explosive secondary assuming you use it with skill - it's not. The pickup is nonexistent, the reload time is annoying, the ammo pool cannot cover you for long and the extra damage is unneccesary. Just take a goddamn China Puff.
Paging /u/CaptainCupcakez the CSS Dozer
...What *is* that?
Go for the Vlad and Bain heists from the base game - Nightclub, Four Stores, Bank Heist, Mallcrashers, Jewellery Store, etc. Once she has a handle on those, the Hector heists are a good next step. Remember to start her off on lower difficulties when learning a heist, it's a bad idea to learn on Overkill.
Please see Rule #8 in the sidebar: &gt; - In most cases, content which does not directly relate to Payday is not allowed. i.e. MFW posts or reaction-gifs
ATMs aren't an objective, they're optional loose loot.
There's an XP bonus for not using any keycards on Day 2. Search the Long Guide for the phrase "200 on road obstacle cleared" to jump to HBO's XP rewards section.
PD2 still runs at 12-18fps. This is what's needed to make it playable.
Fucking baller, nice work RK.
That's hundreds of dollars I don't have.
I live in australia. PCs are prohibitively expensive.
It's not something you make a rule about, we're just bored of seeing videos like this. The main issue most of us have is that it's casual gameplay footage. It's a video of something we've all done many many times. Feel free to record it and put it on youtube, you do you - but if you link to it on this subreddit, we're going to downvote it because we're sick and tired of people fishing for positive responses to the same old "me and friends play PD2" videos.
Actually, it's a very good video. The editing and quality's very good, it's just boring as fuck since it's something we're all very familiar with.
Here's a guide to posting videos on this subreddit: **Don't give us:** * Casual gameplay footage * Shitty gamerbro behaviour * Reviews of DLC that have already been out for a few weeks * Trying a strategy that we're all familliar with ("omg guys I tried out akimbo SMGs in this video!!!") * Low (&lt;30fps) framerates * Extremely low (&lt;480p) resolutions * Loud or distorted audio, especially microphone audio **Instead give us:** * Successful speedruns with notable times * Reviews of brand-new DLC * Level-headed, sensible behaviour * Educational videos for new players * Explanations of new strategies (especially relevant while the skill rebalance is still new) * Smooth, high-resolution recordings with unimportant footage cut and normalized sound levels for easy watching
Lower framerate makes stealth harder because the guards continue to detect you between frames, giving you less time to react.
It appears to be a bug, nobody's sure if/when it'll be patched.
I made this for a different thread, but perhaps this can help you: https://i.imgur.com/xrSaQyv.png
You can't max out everything. Pick skills you like.
/r/paydaytheheistmods
Asiimov Safe soon^TM
Love those friendly skellington eyebrows.
