Find a bevy of 8th grade boys with chiseled man-faces and then you might have something to be concerned about.
Oh geez. I don't know enough about kids to be helpful, but I'm so sorry.
This is terrible, but I always think she's the one that does those schmaltzy baby pictures and then I remember, no, she's the serious one.
Ah-hahaha thank you! Duckduckgo wasn't giving me anything with "schmaltzy baby eggshell portraits" :P
Silicone has a melting point around 500F, so it'd have to be super hot. A soldering iron, maybe.
You couldn't pay me to read it. Well, you could, but it's more than The Toast could afford.
If you aren't interested in caring, no one is going to convince you otherwise. This post seems like it was not made in good faith.
**Edit:** borked the title link. [**Here it is.**](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/38dfz8/lurker_here_finally_opening_my_mouth/) Did you know? &gt; no matter what, even if a woman or man feels uncomfortable in their skin, the solution is NOT to cut off body parts and take synthetic hormones that cause cancer. Did you know? &gt; being born with a LOT of body/facial hair (I'm Armenian) but I guess the mask (put intended) that I always put up is now disappearing **(thanks laser!).** Whoopsie.
So a lesbian wrote a book about how a lesbian just needed a good dicking, *and* there's the transphobia? How is anyone anywhere thinking this is good?
o noes my hed exploeded
Testosterone esters suspended in oil aren't designed for through-the-skin absorption, so no. It's possible that T cream or gel applied directly to the genitals *might* have a *more* localized effect due to the higher concentration of 5-alpha-reductase in genital skin. (1) But any dose large enough to have noticeable localized effects is going to have *some* systemic effect as well. Depending on the magnitude of the lowest dose where localized effects are seen, systemic masculinization might be extremely slow. Or it might not. Your partner is aware that going off T will allow the ovaries to dominate hormonally again and that many effects of T will reverse? Your partner could continue on T until they're satisfied with their genitals, provided they're willing to accept accept the risk that things might not change back to the full extent they'd like. People who detransition (or trans women on E, for that matter) experience facial changes, tend to see decreased and lightened body hair (and sometimes facial hair), and particularly for people who haven't been on T long, voices may come back up somewhat, though not generally to how they were orginally. However, anything more than mild hairline changes or head hair loss is not likely to reverse. (1) 5-alpha-reductase is the enzyme responsible for converting T to DHT. DHT is dihydrotestosterone, which has a much stronger androgenic effect than testosterone.
Yeah, that's basically how it goes for a lot of people.
You've already decided you can't do this. Save the money from couples counseling and put it towards the divorce.
I've said this before but there's no harm in saying it again: removing gender strictures and taboos will likely mean *more* people will decide to change their bodies in ways we currently label as "trans," because there won't be stigma against it any more. By the time it reaches that point, we might not call it "trans" any more. But I don't think the concept and people who understand themselves that way will be going away.
Using "trans women" as a proxy for "mannish and ugly" and impugning similarly-bodied cis women by extension: so feminist.
You could do nothing and wonder if T would help...for months, years, the rest of your life. You could try it and if it doesn't help, you stop.
To be honest, I have no idea what the point of that article was, so it's not surprising she couldn't parse it either.
Whoa.
wow.
&gt; i have the best attributes for being a woman im very attractive, short nice body If you have no peace in that body it's not a very good one for you, is it? &gt; i used to want to transition real bad but now im so apathetic towards life. You don't think it's possible repressing your feelings, *not* the feelings themselves, is the cause of your depression and apathy? Some people don't transition because they don't feel they need to. Some people would be helped by transition and choose not to for other reasons. I encourage you to look at the reasons you want to avoid considering transition. You may find some clarity there.
No difference here.
My stupid non-binary thing complicates not whether I want surgery, but whether it's a practical choice. If I'm ever in a position where I feel free to pursue it, I want a meta of some sort.
That is quite an insult to Bert and Ernie, my friend! They are worlds more credible than those two. :)
I have yet to understand what it is I'm being deceived about, exactly.
[Torsobreads?](https://www.flickr.com/photos/28695026@N03/4038353577/in/gallery-vegefoodie-72157623400242885/)
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. NOW I get it.
Don't forget her sick fascination with how medical transition ruins hapless female bodies.
I think it's far better to do this now instead months later when resentment has built. Good luck to both of you finding peace in life.
There's not much. *Becoming A Visible Man* and *Second Son* are both thoughtful memoirs. *Hung Jury* is a highly recommended anthology about lower surgery. None of them are particularly theoretical. I would anti-rec anything by Bobby Noble. He's an academic, but his views on trans men are outdated and rather offensive. There's probably things I'm forgetting and I hope other folks will chime in.
The FAQ at r/ftm covers a lot of this: http://www.reddit.com/r/ftm/wiki/index#wiki_bottom_surgery
Ah-haha, a researcher after my own masochistic heart. "Enjoy." ;)
Bravo, well done. If I were your MFA committee your degree would be a done deal.
FWIW I have a friend who got a lot out of trauma therapy.
Please don't generalize about the quality of results of a surgery you are not planning to have.
Different surgeons offer different options and different techniques. Generally, you research the sort of options you want and then consult a surgeon who does those things. The surgeon will tell you whether you're a good candidate for what you want. There are photos available for those who know how to find them, but the trans community at large is highly derogatory towards trans male lower surgeries. Consequently, the people whose photos they are tend to be wary of granting access. What surgery is "more" effective depends on an individual's goals. There are benefits and drawbacks to each procedure.
I have a freckle dick too!
I trim very short. Not worth the waste and the mess.
"Melts in your pit, not in your hand."
A master of understatement as always.
Really well said.
It worked for me for a while, but after some time it seemed my sweat smell got into the crystal and putting it on actually made me smellier. I suppose it could have been remedied with a new crystal, but it seemed wasteful to only be using a part of one. I don't think that would happen with the spray, but by the time I found out it existed, I'd moved on.
I'm so glad you and dj chimed in. I'd never heard of it happening before and thought I just had particularly weird body chemistry or something.
I did, actually. I had totally forgotten about it.
Yeah, it was very anticlimactic. I'd had more pain being kicked in the boob.
No. I once thought there would be a difference, but the quality of the working relationship is what matters and I've had excellent (and not so excellent) relations with a variety of therapists.
That was the most bizarre thing I'd ever seen from her, until she followed it up with that post about the psychological struggles of being a cat mama. Now it's a toss-up.
Why *aren't* there more rainbow strapons?
I would call her grasp of science tenuous were it not for her prerequisite grasp of reality being non-existent.
&gt; Do you have a picture in your head of your ideal self? I've got several, lol. Some more realistic than others.
This seems pretty clearly off topic. Did you mean to post this here?
I see it's already in r/actuallesbians and r/lgbt. r/srsgsm maybe? Lower traffic but there's some member overlap with here. This *is* intended to be a parody comm, not a discussion one. Though I understand the urge, b/c people here are pretty great.
&gt; So my question is if its possible to hide my trans status indefinitely from this woman and maintain a friendship, which I can tell she needs? Seems like yes, barring any nightmare scenario. You've decided not to act on your crush, and if she makes a move, you have any number of legitimate reasons to turn her down without coming near disclosing.
I suspect most non-regular posters are socks. If one ever came up with something other than a, "Gender Critical, I never thought it'd happen to me-" confessional, I might reconsider.
lol irl
Yep. Tough as...nails.
Do you have end goal in mind as far as activity (10K, a bike race, etc)?
[It's already begun.](http://www.reddit.com/r/gendercritlesbians/comments/39tzfp/what_do_you_think_should_be_the_appropriate_level/)
I do not understand the point of knowing vote scores at all and use AdBlock Plus Element Hiding Helper to hide them. I know that's, like, against the the core principles of reddit or something but whatev. Post like the votes aren't there, and if you can't ignore them, literally make them disappear. https://adblockplus.org/elemhidehelper
Of course we can ignore them! They're the minority and everyone knows protecting the majority is more impor-wait.
Livejournal was better for this, really. You could recognize someone you hated from their icon but they'd never know it unless you wanted to be *that* much of a dick and put your name to a rude comment.
Not everyone feels exactly the same about this stuff 100% of the time. It's okay to go by how you feel most of the time. It can be healthy to work on not judging yourself for any of these shifts in feeling. Just notice that it's happening (so you're not suppressing it) but don't worry about if it means anything. If they start happening often enough that they make up a significant part of your time, then they might be worth examining.
Lies. I have it on good authority you're a chill dude.
Dude, that's awesome. I'm glad your first Pride was a good experience. And no snow! :P
It was a deal breaker for me. It's been five years and it seems it isn't happening at the dose I'm on. It's only in the past year or so I've not had anxious spells over it.
This may come as a surprise to you, but reasonable people don't actually expect or want someone to self-flagellate for having held different beliefs in the past.
Can you upgrade through your carrier's website?
&gt; - Supporting GNC (gender non-conforming) women and discussing the pressure to conform to society's expectations. Anxiously awaiting *this.* I'm 100% sure it will avoid the fawning, half-fetishized, erasing actual GNC women's voices shitshow that happens every time "gender critical" spaces attempt this.
My dose was low to start with, so not really. About a year in, I noticed I was losing a lot of hair, a full shower drain every time and a dozen or more every time I ran my hands through it. Stuck to the pillow and the backs of my shirts and inside my hats. I freaked, but couldn't really lower my dose any more than it was without stopping entirely. (I did try that. It wasn't good emotionally, and didn't last). Eventually it stopped (after about a year, during which time I alternately freaked out and tried not to freak out for fear that freaking out would cause *more* hair loss). Later I learned that hair loss can be triggered by an extremely stressful event, which, wouldn't you know it, one happened about a month prior to when I started noticing the loss. It took about another year for what I lost to grow back. Since then I haven't noticed any change. My hairline is mildly receded naturally, but it hasn't gotten worse, and the formerly thin spot on my crown has stayed filled in. Maybe I should be embarrassed to admit this but I'm not: one of the ways I comforted myself was researching hair replacement surgery and promising myself I'd get it if it got too bad.
Did you exercise hard the day before the blood draw? Creatinine and other stuff can be elevated due to muscle breakdown from exercise. Whenever my numbers came back elevated, my doc ordered a 24 hr urine test to check my protein and creatinine clearance. A high creatinine level is not an issue if your creatinine clearance is correspondingly high. Did your doc say anything about further tests?
For people who want to get rid of gender altogether, they are very invested in everyone knowing their place.
Fuck no.
&gt; I don't believe that a healthy comparison between transmen and a cismen should hold the cismen above transmen simply because their bodies are more likely to be ideal. While that's true, I'm skeptical that telling someone to celebrate something about themselves that causes them pain is particularly helpful. In a neutral or already positive context, sure, bust out your best Whitman. But when the context is negative, I think it comes off badly.
That is honestly amazing to me and I hope I can get there someday.
Yeah, I agree with the others. This person does not sound like a good match for you. Is it possible to find someone else?
I initially removed just the one comment, but there's really no value to this at all. Bye.
&gt; You named this sub 'gendercritlesbians', and I feel this sub should be dedicated to that title. The other lesbian subs are already filled with bisexuals, trysexuals, pansexuals, omnisexuals, pretendbians, etc. This sub will hopefully be 100% lesbian, 100% of the time This is good. This definitely will support gender-nonconforming straight and bi women.
&gt; She's not mean, she's ignorant. Yeah, but you're there for help, not to educate. Sometimes I've educated therapists, sometimes I didn't have the energy and found someone who didn't need it.
Man, I have no idea what non-binary masculinity is supposed to be.
They'd have nothing to worry about if they'd just show us their vaginas! Why won't you show us your vaginas, suspicious ManLadies? TERFs: advocating for the dignity of ambiguously gendered persons since forever.
Life was so much better when they knew their place.
It was 2004 and I had just seen an Undergear catalog for the first time....
As you've discovered, even "permanent" changes are often not so permanent. It's extremely likely your face is going to end up almost identical to how it was before.
&gt; However, transpeople feel like their gender identity is mismatched to their gender, and that this is from birth. This suggests that gender identity is in some sense 'hardwired' rather learned. Some trans people do. These trans people use the term "gender identity" to mean what Serano described as "subconscious sex." This confuses the issue horribly and I wish the fuck it would stop.
My dad wanted a daughter because a son would have challenged him.%1 But he wanted a child who acted like a son because he was a terrible misogynist.%2 He was abusive. I had to be his tough, perfect tomboy and his perfect, normal daughter by turns. His idea of masculinity was toxic, his idea of femininity was as worthless. There was no way to win. I think I was lucky I had some of the personality traits I did, or I expect I would have come off a lot worse from his abuse. As it was, I had to do a lot of sorting out of things when we got away from him, separating what was mine and what was a mask to make me acceptable to him. Figuring out how to be an adult and how to handle gender in a healthy way, which meant eradicating as much of his influence as possible. If he hadn't been there, I think I would have found clarity sooner, for a number of reasons. One, I wouldn't have had so much misogyny to dig through. Two, I wouldn't have had such negative feelings towards men to dig through. And three, without the first two, I think I would have recognized my body dysphoria for what it was instead of repressing it, hating it as a part of hating myself, and being too busy to examine it. I say "found clarity;" I don't know if I would have come to the same conclusions I now hold, but I think I would have found an equally healthy path, much sooner. %1 This was pretty clear in the difference between how he treated me and how he treated my brother. %2 Apparent from how he treated my mother, his general attitude, and how he treated me as I got older.
Not at all. It just took a lot of time, mainly. A lot of time paying attention to my actions and whether they actually matched what I wanted to be doing or what I felt was right, if I hadn't progressed far enough in an area to actually recognize my own desires. Unlearning the attitudes he had about women and unlearning my own reaction to assume every man was like him. The further I got (get) from being defensive, angry, and scared, the more I could look at my gender and body issues as something to take care of for my own good, and gradually the fear I was doing it to run away from anything went away. I can't look at my childhood and believe my dad "made" me trans, although whatever tendencies were there, he really threw a wrench in the works that took me a long time to sort out.
That's terrible. Is there anything your union can do?
I think the context is that it was posted in gendercritlesbians and a comment there claims that feminism cares more about violence against trans women than violence against cis lesbians. So yeah, not clear. Maybe OP meant to link the comment?
I've gotten these since forever, though not quite as frequently as you. Lancing with a sterile needle gets rid of them the fastest.
I had hysto without oopho, laproscopic, with cervix removal. Um. Three or four years ago now? No problems whatsoever with lifitng, hiking, manual labor, or continence....to the point where I've forgotten exactly how long ago it was...
Hey, I like all those things! Do you know what you want to do with your degrees?
If you've had unactionable/unrequited crushes before, it's exactly the same thing. You let yourself have the thought, remind yourself that's not why you're there, and get back to why you *are* there. Eventually the thoughts stop coming.
Yes, and then when your brain scan turns up negative and no transition for you, then what?
I am pessimistic about ethical perfect technology scenarios. I understand the escape they can provide, though.
I think that makes the most sense for their presumed ideology and the least sense for their methodology, but you're probably right.
I think it's indicative of their self-imposed social isolation that they think the two groups are at all comparable. MRAs are literally littering mainstream feminist spaces online, but TERF sensibilities are too rarefied to tolerate common riff-raff. To sincerely believe trans = MRA requires a special level of ignorance.
As long as you can sleep with it, it doesn't really matter. And pajama pants tend to accentuate things anyway. But it's obvious you've got some major dickage going on in there, yeah.
It's basically saying, "I'm male, but the only way to have any self-peace is to make my body approximate a female's. I accept that my appearance is a deliberate, albeit necessary lie, and that transition treats my symptoms but not what's actually wrong with me." There are a small number of GC trans men who say the same thing, as well. It's, uh. Well, this certainly betrays my bias about one of the sources of my past trauma, but it reminds me a lot of the celibate gay Catholic organization called Courage, namely in that there is a prerequisite acceptance of both an intrinsic moral order and the "reality" (scare quotes) that one is "intrinsically disordered" (actual quote, Catechism of the Catholic Church) and must therefore arrange one's life (celibacy, transition) to compensate for one's instrinsic immorality whilst simultaneously placing it front and center so no one, least especially oneself, can ever be allowed to forget exactly what is wrong with you. It's kind of the ultimate in self-flagellation because you're constantly admitting your life is a lie while maintaining that admitting you're lying is true integrity. And of course, like Courage, it's only seen as an admirable path by a tiny group of ideologues. The rest of us are just over here going, "jesus christ stop hitting urselves."
Exactly how stressful is this moving process? I actually made a comment about this a week or two ago--I experienced a dramatic hair loss event due to an extremely stressful event (which coincidentally happened to be moving), that I originally misattributed to T. The loss started about a month after the stress did and continued for months, then took about a year to grow back. I'm not saying relax and ignore it--start minoxidil and look into finasteride now, not later. But it is possible this isn't the fault of T and it could stop and recover at least somewhat on its own. Edit to add: I also experienced more "female" pattern loss, thinning all over with a concentration on my crown.
Oh, aiofe! Wow, I'd forgotten about her. Yeah, I...have an overdeveloped tendency to view things in a morality framing. But I don't think it's far off, here.
Thank you for sharing you story.
Honest answer? Decade-plus. YMMV.
No, it is YOU who know not
Okay, having read through: yes there are plenty of non-binary people here, and some have also/are also transitioning. Welcome. :)
I am very, very wary of the "they hate because they're in denial" explanation, if for no other reason than I have already defended dirt (against people misgendering her) more than any person should have to in a lifetime.
She's made her gender excruciatingly clear, though. Anyone misgendering her is only doing it to be malicious, and in my experience it's generally accompanied by wondering when she'll transition or otherwise assuming she's in denial. I think if we want people to take us at our word that we are the genders we are that the very minimum we can do is not misgender others, assume we know their genders better than they do, or speculate that their genders are solely a result a trauma or somehow else false.
I'd really rather not get into analyzing her. Using the right pronoun for someone just isn't that hard.
Can you wear a Speedo? Those things give the best compression outside an actual binder, in my opinion, and if you're not out it's a way to be flat without looking too different. You can wear trunks and a shirt over top, too, if you want.
I do have a rough personal code about "mean." If someone pings me as mean, I don't want to be around them. It's just my own gut feeling, though; I dunno if there's studies or even a psych definition of what "mean" actually is. It's just the closest word I've found to what describe really makes someone repulsive to me.
Same. Though I can't imagine being a breaststroker, period. If it weren't for IM I'd never have done it. Ugh. :P
To anyone thinking of contacting the mods, I will point out that this is neither r/GenderCriticalDebate nor r/CMVGenderCrit. Appeals to hear "all sides" will be casually mocked.
I'm sorry. You're handling this very maturely, but it's still horrific abuse. As others said, record these incidents, and if you can, try to get your father to take responsibility as a parent. He's being abused too and probably needs help, but as the adult and your guardian, he has the responsibility to seek it out for all of you. If he can't or won't, I would suggest talking to a mandatory reporter rather than CPS directly. They vary by state, but teachers, counselors and doctors are mandatory reporters almost everywhere. If they are someone you already know they can provide emotional support, and will hopefully be more likely to try to help you access resources like legal help. This is not something you should be responsible for handling, but if your dad can't or won't, you owe it to you, your sister, and him to try.
What were your events, btw? Do you still swim? I might well have asked you this before, sorry!
Comment removed for passive-aggressive post-ban editing.
I was thinking about this more (b/c of course) and here is my personal understanding: - a person can be rude but fundamentally ethical - a person be prejudiced but still mostly compassionate - a person can be a bigot but not be a sadist I think what pings as mean to me is when I perceive prejudice, rudeness, and sadism as significant components of a person's behavior without perceiving mitigating effects like compassion or ethical considerations. Mean behavior is any combination of the two, or all three.
I just wanted to say hello and I hope future conversations here will be a little less rough. :) There is a lot to criticize about trans thought wrt to intersex stuff, but admittedly I am exposed to less of it b/c I am less in the main spaces than I used to be.
&gt; they don't make the distinction between other people hating their bodies due to the patriarchy versus them hating their bodies because their bodies are not right for them as-is. That is exactly what the claim is re: afab trans people. That everyone afab hates their bodies because patriarchy, therefore changing your body is capitulating/conforming. This goes for all basically all afab body mods, theoretically, but *oddly*, the miniscule number of afab trans people are the ones under the microscope as opposed to the far higher number of afab people who alter their bodies to make them *more* in line with patriarchal ideals. I mean, if you want to attack a patriarcho-capitalist *cabal*, you could hardly ask for one more obvious than cosmetic procedures marketed to women. But it's much easier to wail and gnash teeth over me getting my boobs chopped off and taking medication that makes my belly furry. (because if there's anything that signifies conformance to the patriarchy it's being a boobless, furry woman *by choice*, and [conformance is always easier than non-conformance](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/GenderCritical/comments/3aia68/how_do_you_feel_about_women_who_play_the_game/)! But clucking at me doesn't require any actual *work.* Edit to add: of course, I am using what would be their perception, not suggesting trans men are women.
Is that true? I thought testosterone levels spiked to start off puberty and remained high.
It's so *curious* how when [women compete in a men's sport](http://www.np.reddit.com/r/Gender_Critical/comments/3ax6f5/french_teen_first_woman_to_be_added_to_mlbs/) that's awesome, but when medically transitioned trans men compete in a men's sport, they're just doomed to suck.
Oh, virtue ethics! Fun times.
Hair grows at different rates. What you're probably seeing now are the fast growing hairs. The rest will take longer to fill in.
"I ruined my female body and all I got was this lousy gold medal."
Er...if your standard for "not an extremist" is "doesn't want people to literally die," you should probably raise your standards. Just a suggestion.
Thanks for posting this.
And I suppose I'm in denial about being a butch female? No, I'm not going to do this.
I disagree with speculating what someone's gender "really" is.
I prefer the ones that are just a toilet symbol, personally, or text signs: "restroom," "bathroom," "toilet." After that (and more practically) I prefer those things with "unisex" added, and after that the kind with both gendered symbols.
&gt; my mom needs to have someone else to talk to besides her counselor That's literally what a counselor is for. If you can't tell these things to a counselor, the solution is not "tell your friend instead." The solution is *get a new goddamn counselor that you trust.*
Merkin is such a great word.
They can't even make friends with lesbians. If you actually hang out with gay women you find out pretty quickly that the joyless, soul-sucking, presentation-policing yoni obsessors are a tiny tiny minority. And lord help you if you're a seriously gender non-conforming straight woman, b/c heaven knows the gender critical "community" won't.
Yeah that's what it seemed like from the placement. Cool. I hope the healing is quick!
Gaslighting. Being told your reasonable reactions aren't until you believe you're the crazy one.
"Alone and without pants" is the title of my salacious--dare I say masturbatory--memoir.
TIL loopholes constitute privilege.
Trans Pacific Partnership?
&gt; as if somehow allowing trans people to use their preferred bathroom is somehow going to give us a flood of new-age peeping toms who would have done it anyway. Exactly. A man who wants to enter women's restrooms with malicious intent is going to do so. Pretending trans women have anything to do with that fact is blatantly about hating trans women.
When reduced sufficiently, it makes an acceptable substitute for maple syrup.
This is abusive behavior.
(flower)(squiggly)(asterisk)edgy(asterisk)(squiggly)(flower)
People think I am mean and that gives me a sad.
Are you/do you feel like/do you want to be a man? B/c it's okay to be a handsome, fabulous boyish girl or non-binary person. Either way you're not making trans people look bad. Relax. :)
Maybe we should make a master list. I've been thinking lately on the way they use detransitioned women's narratives (but only the ones desperate enough to turn to them) to wave around as their little stage props. It's stomach turning.
&gt; I feel like it hurts and trivialized the actual idea of appropriation when people call things that are appreciation as appropriation. Their response to this is that everything that defines womanhood is created by the patriarchy and wholly destructive, so claims of appreciating it are actually mockery.
It drives me nuts that this appears to be becoming a meme.
(If you're still answering) How do you define butch? Do you define it differently for yourself than you do in a broader sense? Do you think it has use as a category as some TERFs try to argue?
This was very interesting, and I thank you for your time and thoughtfulness and wish you well.
Stop CODS^+ ing, TERFS. ^+ Co-opting Detransitioners' Stories
&gt; Feminists also understand PTSD very well. We talked about how the body remembers trauma and when people wake up from surgery their bodies know they have been mutilated Like how the night after my chest surgery I dreamt I was flying. Wow so mutilated, my body was clearly mourning.
&gt; It is powerful when feminists come together as a group. It is powerful speaking openly without fear and supporting each other. It is very healing when we laugh together. We are not allowed to say that the penis is male in public anymore but when you get a group of women together who can laugh together about the concept of a female penis, that is powerful. We laughed, and it was healing. Getting together to mock other people's genitals is powerful and healing! Much feminist. Very wow.
&gt; No holistic healing is given to these people. Come back, trans ppl! Y u no want healing goddess energy?
Okay, that was probably a little far. She probably meant "whole person" and not *specifically* [CAM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternative_medicine), but it's not out of the realm of possibility she meant goddess crystal sacred spirit healing. The body is but a vessel doncha know. But making sure no scalpel ever touches the vessel is paramount! Because...reasons.
Isn't it funny how technically holistic means whole, as in all the parts, but in practice 95% of the time it means, "Ignore that gooey mess you call a body." Not very...*whole*, is it.
It seems like she wants to be supportive but doesn't know what to do and is waiting for you to take the lead. What do you want to happen?
Vaginal penetration is, for me, profoundly underwhelming. I come way harder from fantasizing about it than I ever have from actually doing it. I've had some earthshaking combined orgasms with something up there, but vaginal orgasms by themselves are, if anything, more disappointing than penetration. When I say underwhelming, I mean like, occasionally I'll really want to feel filled, and take the time to prep and all, and it still goes basically...ow...ow...owie...ow...oh, that's sorta nice, wish it were bigger, wait, getting even this small thing in was a pain, fuck that, fuhgeddaboutit, why did I think this was a good idea again? I mean, a lot of people really like theirs, so I assume it feels awesomer for them. But I don't really even have much dysphoria about mine and it's still, like, whatever. It's just kinda there.
Reality has a liberal bias. Emphasis on the "lib."
Get him the fuck away from tumblr. Permanently.
Should have refreshed before I posted. See I'm not the only one with a brilliant idea. But seriously: there is absolutely nothing redemptive on trans tumblr. The content is virulently toxic and the way the site is set up offers no content control or privacy. Delete your accounts, put the site on block so you aren't tempted to sign back up. Block the URLs of upsetting tumblrs so he can't check them manually. Send your SO here, or to LJ (which is quiet, but still exists).
If he can break a minute he'll be respectable at Ivies. Not finals but not a laughingstock. I don't think anyone expects to see him at NCAAs.
PhD from U of TLC.
Mine are all different but I only ever get them when something amazing has happened in real life.
&gt; And he said, 'When I found out you were transgender, the first thing I wanted to do, my first impulse was to send you to psychiatry.' No, your first impulse was to *let him die* from cancer. This fucker needs to lose his license.
It still couples gender to sex in a way that doesn't work for me. I didn't have a problem living in my assigned gender. The problem was my sex.
That's very nice stuff (and Kate is my all-time favorite name).
And NOW, of course, they have those nice silicone ponytail holders, when I spent like 10 years with the elastic ones with the crimp that caught and ripped your hair out!
&gt; If you want egalitarian terms, make new terms. They won't. They'll shit all over us for not making new terms but they'll do fuck-all themselves. /not really contributing
&gt; The problem is that they don't care about men - or rather, they do care about men, but they care about women much more. Which seems pretty backwards to me. That's...basic feminism. The problem is their thinking is too simplistic to accomodate modern realities.
&gt; They care a lot what someone does with their body when "they" are female and what she's "doing" is not having sex with them. So, precisely like TERF lesbians wrt afab trans people?
I don't think *all* people have a gender identity by default, but suggesting that *only* trans people have them and therefore we made them up is fucked.
And, like, I'm not trying to be exceptionally difficult here. I did not disidentify with my assigned gender. Yet ,altering my body in ways that fall under the transition rubric was clearly a healthy choice for me.
I prescribe a trauma therapist and an intensive poetry workshop.
Please don't. There are funner ways to indulge your masochism.
We don't know what having a male brain means, quite frankly, so it's not a good thing to base trans legitimacy on, either. Radical femininism assumes a priori that gender socialization is universal and inevitable, and that a feminist's life work is to decondition herself from it, while GC thought assumes gender socialization is the cause of trans people (there is no life work involved. GC "feminism" is more properly an excuse to hate trans people than it is feminist praxis). Gender socialization is, I think, better understood as a soup in which we're all swimming. What you internalize from the soup is supposed to be solely governed by your assigned sex, but all sorts of variables--family, class, religion, personality, etc--can influence the process. A person can "fail" socialization by internalizing things meant for the opposite sex, by not internalizing things meant for them, or both. /#yesallwomen is useful for looking at ways to address systemic misogyny, because everyone is exposed to misogyny and there *is* a gender-correlation in who tends to absorb which particular messages. But /#yesallwomen is *not* so useful when trying to understand one's own life and the messages aren't matching up. Again, reasonable people understand this and won't tell you that you're not your gender, or insist you're wrong and that apparent gaps in socialization are evidence of a false consciousness (i.e. you've internalized to the point where you can't trust yourself).
I needed that lol!
&gt; It's almost like they believe in some sort of immaterial gender... essence. Smells like quesadillas.
He's right, though. According to the faith she's so fervent in, she's a man and should detransition. Individual Catholics and the odd parish or few can be wonderfully accepting, and every practicing LGBT Catholic I've known has ensconced themselves with such people. However, at the doctrinal level of observance, which is where Very Serious Catholics aspire to live, you are either right with doctrine or you aren't. Aoife is not. Her pretense of being a Very Serious Catholic is a fucking hypocrisy, and within the confines of the faith *she chose for herself*, she ought to be ashamed at her behavior.
I had a comment here but I erased it. My personal biases make me markedly unsympathetic towards pious hypocrites of the Catholic persuasion. I think you are probably right, but my emotions are having trouble agreeing.
Hey Josh. You're not throwing your life away. I'm glad you found your way here. Your post is formatted to be almost completely in a code box, though. You'll probably get more discussion if you change it to normal text. I think that can happen if you type in a text editor and 'tab' for paragraph indents, then copy/paste. Reddit sees 'tab' spaces as code.
I think you're right. This person clearly went through an exploratory phase, but for reasons unknown she won't call it that. No, she was "coerced!" I too want to have sympathy, but my overriding feeling is, "Life is a tapestry, grow the fuck up."
I kinda wanna screen this and comment with vague allusions not to "give us away." ;)
Because people come in here and whine how we need to be nicer and why can't we have discussions. We don't want that here. They can have discussions over there, now. After some time, this will be unstickied. EDIT: and of course if someone else wants to create a less blatantly transphobic atmosphere, they can start yet another sub or collaborate on this one or something. To be clear, I don't have high hopes for r/gcdebatestg. But people have asked for it, someone made one, and so we're pointing the way. We're not responsible for internet masochists.
If you're in larger city, maybe there'll be enough variety to meet trans-friendly people who're into what you're into. If you're not, your local scene will be small, extremely het, dominated by a few people, and centered around the interests of those people.
&gt; This is why they can say they had a gender identity when they were very young. Very young children watching TV and other media, and hearing a wide range of sexist cultural messaging, could conceivably decide at a relatively early age (and some would undoubtedly persist in this decision) that the way they would prefer to be treated by others is the way that the opposite sex is treated. No amab child exposed to that sweet, sweet, inescapeable male privilege would ever *decide* he wanted to be a girl, and absolutely every afab child would decide she wanted to be a boy because boys are treated better. That's basically the *entire premise of GC's socialization boner.* And yet, somehow...this is not how it plays out in real life. &gt; Next time you see a discussion on gender identity and what makes a "man" and "woman" according to these classifications, instead of hearing the tautological definition of "anyone who identifies as a man/woman," think "anyone who wants to be treated according to the dominant/submissive sex role." That...took a turn.
&gt; I'd love a sub that actually critically discusses gender. +many
Any soft tissue (muscle, fat) changes will revert, changing your body composition and shape, and your face shape back to what it was. Depending on how far your voice has broken, it may rise somewhat. Body hair will probably mostly revert; facial hair probably will not, or if it does, it won't disappear completely. Your period will come back. Your genitals may shrink a little, but probably not to where they were before. Is there anything in particular you're concerned about?
At the very least, you need a trans, non-GC mod.
It's not the right name. Not to take anything away from the excellent comment above, but I venture to say queer theory is mostly to highly irrelevant to most trans people. This doesn't stop GCs from ascribing it to trans people anyway. I was confused at the name until I realized the affiliation of the user who created it.
I do think it's possible to stay on hormones longer than you "want," because people want to be sure and so they keep going for a while to see if a bad initial reaction clears up and they start feeling better. Regardless, 5 months is not a lot of time. Something I've seen among tumblr detransitioned women is a lot of people who were on hormones less than a year. Obviously their process is their process, but there's something wrong with the system if "tried hormones for a short while; didn't work out" makes them feel like they need to "reconcile" and actively detransition instead of assimilating it as a past experience.
Erging: great indoor cardio, or greatest indoor cardio?
I hope it works out for you and you get to fly.
Because I needed my body to be more male than it was.
But UR GAMETES
&gt; I think if there were people who were particularly emotionally invested in the idea of depression not existing, I've had the dubious pleasure of interacting with more than one!
&gt; Yeah, it's no longer "in" to tell gender nonconforming young people that they're okay just the way they are. Funny, I do this a couple times a week and haven't been banned from asktg or ftm yet.
Things people care A LOT about: [animal genders](http://the-toast.net/2014/01/06/predicting-human-behavior-100-accuracy-misgender-cat/)
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo
They could be a certain strain of religious (the religious ones I knew of were christian, I have no idea if this is a thing outside certain parts of US christianity), or be anti-psychiatry tinhatters.
Boxer briefs are a "thing," I guess. Ten years ago I don't think anyone was talking about them much. I hate them, personally. The legs stretch out and bunch up. If I'm wearing underwear that goes to mid-thigh, it's compression shorts and I'm exercising. Boxers have the same riding-up problem, and too much fabric, generally. I feel like I'm wearing pants over my pants, which is occasionally nice when the temperature is minus fuck-it-all, but annoying the other 99% of the time. When I wear underwear, it's briefs or jocks.
&gt; I think there's this urban myth that people actually grow up and start feeling like an adult. Especially as it seems that everyone I talk to my age feels similarly to me. For real. The longer I'm an "adult," the clearer it is that most adults still think of their mental age as in their 20s (and an alarming number don't mature emotionally past middle-school. Workplace drama is just playground drama writ large.).
Say it up front so I don't waste my time.
Ehh. They hate femininity, but I think they also hate women. They talk a big game about supporting gender non-conforming women, but when it comes down to it, they're as misogynistic as the rest of society about women who are "too" mannish or masculine or not meeting whatever secret standard they've set for decolonized women's existence.
Sounds like therapy to deal with all these other issues would be helpful, whether you transition during, after it, or not at all.
I'm sure this will be very respectful, and not exploitative at all.
I am so paranoid about haircuts from strangers. This story is DDDDD: material!
Man tells women they need to be nicer to subset to men who tend to treat them horribly on the off chance that some of them aren't *that* bad is not a position that gets sympathy from me.
There's no epidemic of shaming going on in asktg.
&gt; He said that people's character should not be judged solely on their attraction to trans bodies, but rather on their character. Which is exactly what women here do--judge would-be chasers by the character revealed in the content of their posts. So OP's purpose here was what? Scolding? Strawmanning? Several extraneous paragraphs about his personal penis preferences?
You know, I think that if a woman wants to be hostile to all potential chasers, that's her prerogative. It's no internet stranger's business to educate her into more "proper" behavior. In fact, if these otherwise completely respectful men can't understand why trans women might be overly defensive, I venture to say they're rather less than completely respectful.
Why is the onus on trans women to be more accomodating? Why not hold the bar higher for potential chasers? Why shouldn't they be expected to accept that some women have reason to be hostile? Especially when it's been repeatedly said this is a minority of users, and they could well focus on the polite responses instead?
Well...sort of. What used to be the very lower end of my speaking range is now almost the very high end. It's not the same voice, since it's now a head voice where it used to be chest, but the pitch is there so it's a reasonable facsimile. I can still do the falsetto you use where you're talking silly talk to your pets. Both take more effort than speaking normally in my mid-range.
What does a zombie say after top surgery? "Draaaaaaaaaaaains."
I meant more your fears of vindictive detransitioners creating some sort of organized backlash. We're 0.3% of the population, and transition regret/detransition is about 2%. Even assuming it would more than double to 5% in the coming years as gatekeeping is relaxed, the potential amount of detransitioned people is miniscule. Also, this assumes that everyone who stops or detransitions does so because they've concluded they were wrong, and not for other reasons such as having gotten the changes they needed, or coming to a different understanding of themselves. And it assumes that everyone who made a mistake will be bitter and vindictive about it, instead of seeing it as, well, a mistake. In short, I think reading TERF predictions is giving you an unrealistically fearful view.
The...the genderbread person isn't that hard to fisk, but that isn't even a good job of it.
That one this morning seems pretty sincere. OP is responding to comments.
I would love numbers on this if you have them!
Straight up: a lot of detransitioned women share a lot of personal stuff on tumblr and it's easy to find through tags. It's a simple thing to cobble together a sob story from *real people's pain* and throw it up (on a platform where they'll likely never see it) so you can masturbate over it with all your TERFy friends.
Ah, thank you.
that was was way more fun than i expected. :)
&gt; As far as I know anything an actual female does is feminine, whereas anything a male does is masculine. &gt; So a butch lesbian who has never been "girly" in her life is still feminine, while a gay guy who has never been "boyish" is still masculine. That's a decidedly minority view.
ngl, a lot of this rubs me the wrong way. but it's been up all night without incident so okay, i guess.
Eh, if you make it specifically about femininity/masculinity it reinforces two classes. Two people doing the exact same thing but the sex of the person doing it makes them somehow intrinsically different?
I am aware of one such case. The person did an AMA. They grew up to decide they were their assigned gender and sex. While luck and extreme isolation (one parent, one child, 20 years in the Alaskan interior) might make this technically possible, in the real world it's not remotely plausible.
I disagree but am not up to semantics today. Cheers.
It would be much more helpful--especially in the age of computer records where crossfiling is as simple as tagging--to have F/M removed from medical records in favor of a checklist, especially considering that anyone who doesn't "fully" transition is going to have a mix of characteristics that an F or M won't adequately convey anyway. Something like: which of the following things does the doctor need to be aware of: prostate, ovaries, breast tissue, sterilization y/n, testosterone HRT, estrogen HRT, etc. Medical history questionnaires are standard already anyway. ETA: and by helpful I mean in terms of accuracy for doctor and patient. It would probably be hell to implement, though.
It did help, but it didn't actually solve my issues. My baseline mood improved significantly, which freed up energy to work on things I wasn't able to before.
A fine example of black/white-thinking yourself into hopelessness.
I wouldn't give a shit.
A refreshing breath of honesty.
Put another way, you need to decide where you stand. If you view a bar fight as a gendered ritual, i.e. "something men do," then your goal in a bar fight is going to be to play fair according to men's rules for this thing that they do. If that's your view, then you should feel bad for kicking that schlub in the nuts. If, on the other hand, you view a bar fight as "pointless motherfucking idiocy," your goal in a bar fight is going to be to *stop fighting.* If that's your view, then you did exactly what you meant to--stopped the goddamn fight--and you should feel good.
would watch so hard.
It's not a stupid question! When your voice stops dropping, it's because the cartiliage around the vocal cords has hardened. If you stop T before this has had time to happen fully, your voice *may* stay where it is, or it *may* go back up somewhat, but not generally to where it was before testosterone.
Fuck if I know. The whole intrinsic gender thing is a mystery to me.
I feel like for a lot of guys downtide's comment rings true. You transition and your penis worries become more about dissatisfaction with your penis (in the way that any cis guy would also worry). I think it's partly that testosterone does change how things look and function, part overall better comfort in one's body, and part deciding not to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. And on the last note, many men have generously shared their stories of how even "imperfect" genital surgeries have brought them immense peace with their bodies.
One of the downsides of being analytical is that you often feel compelled to try to make illogical things fit in a logical framework. It doesn't work very well and it's easy to get overwhelmed from trying. You sound really overwhelmed. I'm so glad you're going forward with finding a therapist. Sorting things out so you can be less overwhelmed and paralyzed is one of the things therapy is great for. You're gonna be okay. Please keep us updated.
I think that if you're to some degree non-binary, okay, be queer. If you're just a guy and you're only into women, embrace being straight. The world needs aware, feminist, straight men. You can own your history while living in the present being cognizant of the privilege you receive from being heterosexually partnered.
I, for one, welcome our new Bun overlords.
If you want to stay on E, your breasts are going to keep growing until they eventually mature. It can take several years. If you decide you'll never like them, you can get top surgery after you're positive they're done growing. Until that point, you can bind. But if they truly distress you already, it might be better to look at ways to cope without being on estrogen.
&gt; Despite the last few, I wish to be recognized and present as a man at all times, even if my social role is completely different. There you go.
If you get aroused by the thought of other people looking at you, you've objectified yourself. If you get aroused looking at other people, you've objectified them. If you get aroused looking at yourself, you've gone and objectified yourself again, because subjects only objectifiy, and objects only exist. This is why the only possible non-oppressive expression of a woman's sexuality is to be aroused by thinking about inanimate objects. England, for example.
It's just wild how strongly they insist that existing in a physical body with sexual urges is this universally meta experience. That no cis woman in all of history has ever thought of her genitalia and wanted to touch them because they're there and it feels good. That no cis woman in all of history has ever looked at her body in the mirror and thought, "Damn! I'd do me," and then went and did it. That all cis women, in all of history, have been utterly unaware of their own capacity for sexual pleasure outside of external prompts.
&gt; looking at and touching her own body in the mirror. *Our Bodies, Our Selves* had a whole big thing about this. Demystifying the genitals, learning what they look and feel like, what sorts of things feel good--but not TOO good, obviously! If it's educational, fine; if it's for self-gratification, you're obviously a pervert and a man!
&gt; That a whole sub dedicated to talking about us without talking to us exists is just too pathetic. I'm sorry; *what* compelling motivation have they given me to want to talk with them? The part where they hate me openly? The part where they ignore me and pretend I don't exist? The part where they're racist, classist, sexist, homophobes? Oh, they want me to come play in their playground? They can fuck right off until they decide to be decent human beings.
We discourage speculating on identities here. Runs too close to the way they claim to know what we "really" are. ETA: Also, the title was an OTT paraphrase, not a direct quote.
Lesbians are only allowed to like *other* vaginas. Liking your own vagina is grosssssssss.
Hayden?
No slurs. Edit and I'll re-instate.
demiboy, demiman, demiless, demimoore....;)
People experiment with language to try to describe how they feel. It's nothing to worry about. I find it gets acrimonious only when people start splitting hairs and trying to draw firm lines.
So obviously, there's no way to know for sure until you're on T, but it's my hypothesis that whatever emotional changes a person may get are influenced not only by the T, but also by base personality characteristics and whatever issues and coping mechanisms you deal with. Specific to some of the detransitioner narratives you're talking about, there's a definite pattern of people with past unaddressed trauma having poor reactions to T. Some detransitioned people straight up talk about transition and HRT as an attempt to get away from their past instead of facing it. I'm not saying to take this at face value, especially when they extrapolate that because they had a bad reaction, that everyone on T is doing it for the reasons they did. But I do think people who tried HRT thinking it would solve their problems aren't a good representation of people who take T in general. I also think there's some influence from internalized expectations. If someone is raised to believe that men are less emotional and T happens to make it easier for them to be that way, they're probably going to credit the T for "making" them less emotional, when the mechanism could be something like T improving their mental state generally and making it easier for them to meet their internal standards for being an emotionally stable man. This is not to say that T can't affect emotions on its own, but just that it's like any other medication--the reports of the effects it has are filtered through personal experience, and can be influenced to varying degrees by individual circumstances. People who stay on T long term are those who are satisfied with its desired effects and who are able to manage its undesireable effects. IF you find T is affecting your emotions adversely, you have options like self-work, therapy, lowering your dose, or stopping. But you won't know if you'll even have unwanted emotional effects to manage until you're actually on T. So I would say for right now: don't put the cart before the horse.
Satire is hard with source material this OTT.
It might be worth being tested for androgen insensitivity. If your levels are where they should be and there's been few changes (and no voice change), the problem is from the other side, possibly with how your body is processing T.
The thrill of...smearing shit on the walls?
I don't know whether you're trans, but there's definitely something going on that both your mom and your therapists are refusing to help you with. You don't say how old you are now. Are you close enough to being able to live independently that you can just put up with it till then?
Support for minorities and women in STEM fields is there because discrimination--systemic and personal--is extremely well-documented. It discourages women and minorities from entering STEM, and often hounds them out of it.
juggling is so badass.
I'm a good driver, and I enjoy driving. I'd like to take a rally course someday. I'm a good cook. I end up doing most of the cooking wherever I'm living, since I enjoy it and people enjoy eating my food. I'm good in actual crisis situations, although outside of them I'm not real fond of being in charge. Guess I'm pretty boring, eh.
I had a job where cleaning public restrooms was part of it. People are pigs. No gender divisions, just squalid, fetid pigs.
Hey, I removed her comments because we're not going to host HBSers/trutrans spouting off in here. So please if she replies, don't reply again. Thanks.
Heads up, I removed her comments for being trutrans BS, so I'm hoping she won't be back.
Hey now, let's not encourage the trutrans, eh?
Honestly, no. It made me agonize over it more. I blame the non-binary thing. If that's not something you deal with, you'll almost certainly not experience what I did.
I know exactly what you mean by your description. For me the problem is the "love handles," or as I call it, my "shelf", since the fat wraps all the way around my back to either side. I did have some fat on the lowest area as well, but T did slim that down some. For years now I've been fairly straight from the floor up to the hip bones, with a muffin top and a waist sitting on top of that. Ugh.
Call your closest planned parenthood and explain your situation. They can either see you or refer you to someone else, and will be able to explain what options you have for managing your anxiety to be able to get through your appointment with the least possible stress. https://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-center/OR
Genderqueer was created as a concept in the mid-late 90s by a group of (mainly) theorists, and it was intended to have an implicit definition of subversion, or queering, often displayed with visible non-conformity. Which is fine if one chooses do gender that way, or feels an internal identification with queering gender. But for people who are visibly gender non-conforming just by existing, it gets (really) old (really) quick to get lumped in with people who are having fun or making a cause out of something that basically just causes you pain. In other words, I'm so, SO happy non-binary was introduced and has become the default neutral descriptor. It's decreased tension levels considerably now that I no longer feel obligated to call myself genderqueer.
&gt; but I come off as bitter and "not the kind of trans representation we want". Haha, oh guy, welcome to the club. Thing is, college is going to end, you're going to get a job and move on with your life, and a few years from now you're going to realize you can't remember the last time you had thoughts like these. Because it's not just T that helps, it's time. Guys in college are new to being men, and you're on par with your peers in that regard. You're going to leave physical limbo, you're going to leave the fishbowl of college, and you're going to grow into yourself. It'll be fine.
Basing all behavior on being pleasing to an entire oppressor class is a problem, I'd say. Thinking that achieving that will get you equality is more just plain wrong. But desiring to be gender-conforming (just to fit in a bit, basically, let's be real about how far most women are taking this) is legitimate and *normal* for a highly social species.
Do they read what they write before they post it?
Fuck yeah, I would.
Depends on the team and on your surgery status. Very competitive teams, you'll be shelling out for (super tight, compression) competition suits that cover the torso. Less competitive teams, you can still pay, but depending on the level you might look like a douche. No one wears a $400 suit to a local dual meet. Either way there's cheaper torso suits that you can wear in practice for drag, or just wear a women's suit with trunks (plenty of guys I swam with did that). Post surgery, you wouldn't need a torso suit at all.
&gt; I literally cannot picture someone finding me attractive. If you figure this out, please let me know. :(
I'm not saying they are, but when you have literally never experienced gender as fun, it's pretty shitty when the resources available to you for dealing with it assume the solution to your problems is having fun playing with gender or treating it as appropriately political. I'm glad there's a space for that, but having a term and discussions that don't presume those things are goals for everyone is a good thing.
Sounds awesome. Will you do pool or open water?
&gt; This is still a question of, "do you want to be someone else?" Maybe for some people.
yep.
So I have the Goodfella and a (now apparently discontinued) extended cockring that's shaped like this except without the vibe (blue one): http://early2bedshop.com/tux-ring.html I put it backwards on the balls so it's over my junk. Once upon a time I strapped a vibe to it with a plain cockring, but after T I have enough growth that I can rub against the little nubs and don't often need that extra stimulation. If you try something like this and find the thing won't stay up against you, wearing tight underwear over your rig can help hold it in place.
Do you do anything (the way you sit, for example), that puts friction on your legs? I have bald(er) spots on my calves from constantly sitting crosslegged.
It took over a year after I cut my hair to stop reaching to pull it back as soon as I got up! They're still all over the house since my mom uses them, but now they have these nice silicone ones! (I nicked some for my hiking repair kit; they're like gumbands on steroids!) All we used to have were those crimped elastic ones where the crimp ripped out hairs every time. :(
No. My problem wasn't social. Medical transition actually created problems socially where there weren't before.
The surgeries I had were ones I knew I wanted for a very long time and getting them was less a decision and more getting up the courage and sorting logistics. Testosterone was a very fraught decision. I was out of energy and almost out of options for dealing with a body that continued to be distant, upsetting, and exhausting to live in. Basically I decided to start T because I needed to know if it would help. Amazingly to me, it did.
&gt; if I would feel differently if society was different, as in having no focus on the duality of gender and everyone was truly treated the same except for the medical aspects. Being able to adjust my body to be more liveable without dealing with that duality would be ideal for me, honestly. Getting rid of dysphoria without dealing with the social bullshit? Sign me up.
&gt; I would easily trade a cis male body for a lifetime of being treated like a woman. (As long as I could dress and act however I want.) Can I start a thread on this tomorrow? I have some tangential thoughts on it, and apparently, it's a way more popular opinion than I would have ever guessed.
People in GC have mentioned it, but he hates the trans so no one minds too much.
vulcankissesforlonelymisses.com
Reddit is US-heavy, and the UK's TERF resurgence isn't really mirrored in the US that I can tell. (the NYT has had way more pro-trans than TERFy coverage, since you mentioned that outlet). I'm sorry it's in your face in real life. That would be incredibly trying.
We don't give a shit about abused lesbians but we're not lesbophobic, we swear.
&gt; If they lived like they gave a shit about their bodies But only if the shit-giving is achieved via intensive, expensive, life-long therapy. If you choose to give a shit about your body by changing it to a body you care to give a shit about, you're gross! Grosssssssssssssssssssss!
Beaton &lt;3
I will not say this is any sort of official position, but I have seen it said that it is physiologically impossible for afab people to enjoy receiving anal, and consequently cis women who claim to like it have been coerced or brainwashed.
fucking humans, how do they work?
"The lurkers support me in email!"
Why can't I tell Asian people they're so exotic? Why can't I tell black women they're so sassy? Courtesy is so exhuasting. What are society? We just don't know.
BLASPHEMER
Repel human beings with this One Weird Trick!
&lt;3
Makes it hella easier ime, actually.
Money's a social construct; your family member should try living without it.
Background reading if you're interested: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=history%20of%20the%20fairness%20doctrine
I think sex identity is probably innate. I think gender identity is informed both by sex identity and social influence, and strength of social influence varies depending on the intensity and specifics of sex identity, individual personality, and exogenous factors like family, peers, and local culture. I don't think acknowledging gender identity is partially constructed weakens trans legitimacy, at least not any more than it threatens **cis** legitimacy as the presumptive natural and correct outcome of gender identity development.
So we have some differences--the reason I started T is because I did have significant dysphoria and needed to know if it would help, and only trying it was actually going to answer that question. Also, I was never comfortable with appearing conventionally feminine. Like you, though, I definitely had a niche as a woman. I wasn't uncomfortable being a woman or relating to other women as a woman (unless *they* made it awkward). I also feel/felt wistful looking at women who seemed more "normal" than me. The single biggest challenge of being on T for me has been adjusting to being read as male. It's taken literal years and a lot of work, but I'm at a point of tolerance now. I've managed to maintain enough androgyny that I can still be read as a woman if I try, and I do try when circumstances dictate. But it seems from what you've said that you WANT to be read as male, or least find out what it's like to be read consistently as male. T will do that. And if you find out that being read as male isn't making your life better, you can stop. Some things go back, and the rest are manageable. I'm not trying to push you in any way. But if you're obsessing over questions, and you have a practical means by which to answer some of those questions, it would make sense to use those means instead of trying to answer them just by theory.
NARTH
Yep, jocks are great for that.
I don't have coordination issues regarding perceived/actual size discrepancies, but I've always felt as though I take up space--people taller than me post in /ftm worrying about their height, whereas I'm constantly surprised to see myself in pictures, b/c am I really that short? (I'm 5'4''.) I guess I am! I don't know if that's a proprioception thing or if (like so many aspects of supposedly universal "female socialization,") the message that I wasn't supposed to take up space just didn't take. I do think it's a proprioception thing that when I still had boobs I kept running them into things. My body didn't seem to want to believe they were there.
You don't say what sort of issues.
At some level, we choose what to call our feelings, yes. How relevant this seems to be for most trans people's sense of identity: not very.
&gt; Transition to male *presentation* Is she calling butches rapists too? Just passing women, or all butches? Society wants to know.
It's my body and I'll cry if I want to!
You're codependent with him.
Sierra snowpack is looking better this year at least.
*The Transgender Child* is aimed more at clinicians and parents of younger children, but there're plenty of anecdotes from trans people in their late teens and twenties. It emphasizes respect and acceptance. *Transitions of the Heart* is an anthology of stories by mothers of trans people.
Reality is more complicated than cut and dried narratives.
Take a deep breath, OP. It's going to be okay. You were on T for ten months. That's not a lot of time--you said yourself your face and body are readable as a woman's. It's likely your larynx hasn't completely hardened and your voice may rise a bit, although probably not to where it was before. Facial hair will grow more slowly, and you can get it removed if you wish. You can and will be able to live as a woman if that's what you want. If you can find a decent therapist to talk to in this time, it would probably help. I don't think it necessarily matters why you wanted to transition so much as figuring out how being female can be right for you. In other words, not dwelling on or treating transition as a huge mistake so much as something that you thought was right for you but turned out not to be. Cissexism and transphobia from gatekeepers, society, and internalized by the trans community itself are at fault for treating transition as a last resort you have to be (literally diagnosed as) crazy to do. It's treated as a "mistake" to begin with, so to detransition used to be seen as having made a mistake about choosing a mistake, and yes, it was taboo. It's less so these days. We're begining to realize that life is complicated. So I'd encourage you to look as transition like a relationship that didn't work out. You have some consequences to deal with, maybe you should have given it some more thought in the begining, but you're still fundamentally yourself and you're going to be okay.
Thinking it's about "controlling the discussion" says more about her than it does about anyone else.
I'm sorry to say there's really not much, and most of it falls under the heading of " how to support your gender-non-conforming cis child" and not, "so you have a non-binary child." The term in current use is "gender-creative," as coined in the book, *Gender Born, Gender Made.* You might find something you like in a search on that: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=gender+creative *The Transgender Child* might be worth a look anyway. I found it too binary-focused for me, but it at least covers that non-binary is A Thing, and emphasizes respect for pronouns even if they're non-standard.
There was a falling out and someone started a second sub. Same content, same intent, big overlap in users.
Call the surgeons you're interested in and ask their requirements. Often a letter will be enough. Ask their policies on working with insurance. Call your insurance and do likewise. Strict order requirements tend to be from systems like the NHS--US insurance is more piecemeal and often with pre-authorization, a doctor can submit a claim and have it covered for you.
That person will always be with you, if you want.
butter, nuts, eggs, olive oil, full fat yogurt...personally i can't do the peanut butter thing, too much of it makes me gag (unless we're talking peanut butter meltaways...)
Children: wise when they agree with you, gormless idiots when they don't.
Dump him. He has issues that aren't your responsibility to work out.
I don't post pics of my face, or if I do, I delete them shortly thereafter. I have a ton of emails so I'm not giving the same one out everywhere. I vary my usernames across platforms (I don't lie about my story though, so I'm sure if someone really had a hateboner they could track me down). I'll use socks for sensitive questions, but I don't maintain alts or troll anywhere, because as I'll say to anyone who asks (and many who don't), I'm too fuckin' lazy for that sort of thing. I'll probably delete this after a bit, too.
It wasn't that so much as some other lines, but yeah. On second thought, no.
Took walks. Organized my physical recipes and photo albums. Watched Band of Brothers.
The T surge in amab infants is well-documented but we don't really know what it does.
Jesus, that person needs help.
On the one hand, it's offensive and tropey as hell to have the defining characteristics of a trans chara be a lingering focus on all the ways we differ from cis men on average. On the other, it's not exactly representative to make a trans chara cis in all but name, so to speak.
Yeah I'm not disagreeing, it's just a double bind. Honestly I avoid trans characters in fiction because they almost always hit a sour note for me.
Been a decade since I took physics and it's still pretty damn funny. :D
Exactly this. It's very much like the "welcome" certain religious groups give to women who've had abortions. They're still dirty, dirty murderwhores, but their repentance and support is expedient to you.
Like 93% of my women's bathroom experience has been strictly business. Talking only happens in my observation when two people already know each other, where both parties are kinda drunk, or when warning about the TP being out or w/e.
FWIW, although i take an STP when hiking with others, if I can get off by myself I'll pop a squat instead. It's just easier than fussing and worrying about leaks.
So, occasionally I'll carry one, and even more occasionally I'll use it, but 98% of the time, I just use a stall and sit.
Thanks for bringing this to my attention.
&gt; those things are normal things that are only judged poorly due to misogyny. Yep.
lol right? who cares about whether it's men or not, when you have three and a half billion bodies suddenly rotting around. throw that party now b/c you won't be partyin after the typhus hits!
&gt; Mullholand Drive, an old movie /*quietly climbs into grave and buries self
Uh...years. There's no rush. Talking to a therapist doesn't have to be letter-and-done. Take your time and explore what you want and need.
Don't jump ahead of yourself. You said you haven't found a therapist yet--do that, and see where the discussion goes. One step at a time, you know? No need to be sorry at all. Lots of people have fears or questions, and it's common not to feel 100% sure.
I was gonna say it sounded pyramid-y, but I clicked through to check and java beat me to it. Anyone doing this legitimately would be using their real name and using some sort of legal and financial accountability like creating a non-profit corp.
Sorry I can't be more helpful, then. I really didn't think the pain was bad at all, fwiw. More a very deep soreness than any acute discomfort. If I'd been discharged same day as intended, I wouldn't have taken them then, either, but being pukey and out of it, I didn't have the opportunity to decline.
That is a long time. Were you socially transitioned during those years?
1. My personal experience has been that any sort of hormonal disruption makes me break out. I would give it a few months and if you're still getting new breakouts, see a dermatologist. 2. The hair might come back somewhat. Some trans women report that over time on E, some of their hairline fills back in a bit. Again, if after some months there's no change, you could look at things like minoxidil or a transplant to fill in your temples. 3. Your voice might rise some, but it won't ever be the way it was pre-T. Working with your voice can do a lot to help you be read as a woman if that's your preference. Intonation, pitch variation, speech patterns all matter as much as average pitch. 4. Off T, your ovaries should come back online as normal. If you haven't gotten a period back within 6 months, or if things are irregular, your moods are obviously off, or something else seems not right, I would see a doc.
For some people it feels simple, so it is simple. For some people it's not. It seems for you it's not. I'm sorry for that, because it makes things harder to deal with. You can want clear facts all you want, but the truth is you won't get them, because life is blurry and messy. I would suggest you slow down and back off trying to find a Unified Theory of Sex and Gender for now. Focus on yourself and what you're feeling and experiencing. Don't try to put labels on it for now.
Good catch.
1. Depends on genetics. Look at men on both sides of your family for possibilities. 2. Male pattern body hair. Legs, stomach, chest, butt, arms, back. 3. Some do, some don't. It's very personal. 4. Same as any other hair removal. Wax, razor, depilatories, laser, electrolysis.
^^^estrogen ^^^melts ^^^steel ^^^beams
I am 100% positive they had this exact conversation like 4-5 months ago, but this one is SO much more OTT, it's magically delicious. Edit: Already linked: https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCynical/comments/43ed6x/planned_parenthood_helps_people_get_access_to_hrt/czhs28z Ya'll are good!
Yeah, I clicked through to say, "political lesbians, but Fallen_Autumn beat me to it.
"PP is complicit in feeeemaaaaales muuuuutilating their wombs!!1"
MAN ON DOG MAN ON DOG
Armchair Freud time, but dude, I don't think you're into men. You can't force your attractions where they just don't want to go. At some point continuing to pursue real life gay sex becomes self-harm. You don't say what you've tried that hasn't worked with women, but I'd suggest either revamping your approach or staying celibate for a while to break the habit of pursuing sex you don't actually enjoy.
She's not helping you, but she's not stopping you. Call her bluff and make the call. You shouldn't have to, no, but it will get you what you need for now.
I guess I understand if someone who thought they were straight decided they weren't because they were into me, or if someone straight made me their exception. Because I'm non-binary. But honestly if I were just a man and someone straight decided liking me meant they were queer, that would put me off.
When you're 36, you'll have lived 18 years of your life as a woman. Is your 37th birthday the day you become real?
Hi, American here, checking in from a part of the country currently undergoing multiple child abuse scandals involving formerly beloved clergy, coaches, and teachers. I'm wondering when GC will start focusing on the very large problem of men in power using that power to rape children at will. What's that, you say? GC would rather focus on the specter of pedophiles going to the trouble of pretending to be trans to get access to children? Even when there's mountains of evidence that child rapists already have access to children through multiple other channels and broken social mores protect them from accusations in ways that wouldn't be afforded them if they "lowered" themselves to dressing like women? Oh. Well then. Thanks for being absolutely fucking useless, you lot.
I just don't see how cis man + cis woman = straight and trans man + cis woman = queer isn't transphobic in general. The people involved in any specific relationship can see it how they want. However, to take categories (het/not het) that are based on sex and gender, and say that putting trans in the mix makes a relationship or person, in general, "not het," pretty clearly implies that you're also not the sex and gender you wish to be recognized as. I also don't think "treatment 100% as a cis man" is the only way for the relationship to be straight. For starters, it generalizes cis men as having a bunch of experiences that are inaccessible to us, which isn't necessarily accurate. Being infertile, needing a prosthesis to penetrate, wanting penetrated by an opposite sex partner--these aren't concerns exclusive to cis or trans men. While talking about preferences or limitations can have a queer context between a certain couple, the content of the discussion isn't inherently queer just because the man is trans. Second, it reifies cis male experience. You're saying there's one way to be a straight man, and everything else is on some level queer. I think it makes more sense--especially for the outcome you seem to be aiming for--to dilute the category of straight rather than attempt to define straight so narrowly that anything even mildly different becomes queer.
Oh, I didn't refresh before posting below.
TERF shitting on the furniture.
/thathappened
lol unfuck him
If you're dead set against some of the main things testosterone gives you, my "advice" would be to look at actual bodybuilding steroids. The ones used by women tend to have weaker androgenic effects. This is "advice" only in the sense that it's terrible advice, because it can be hard to find a source, it's illegal, it's expensive, and you won't have a doctor to do monitoring. If you take prescribed testosterone, you are going to get effects from it based on dose, accrued time, and genetics. It's possible that with lucky genetics and a low enough dose, you will be able to have the muscles and shape you feel best about while getting minimal stuff you don't want. It's more possible that you're going to have visible side effects you don't want along with some of the ones you do. I'm not trying to discourage you from pursuing testosterone if that's what you want. But the sort of hopeful fine-tuning you want from taking T isn't a realistic expectation. It's realistic to expect to compromise, and to have to decide at some point (or on a recurring basis) if the tradeoff of things you want vs. things you don't want is worth it.
It's not a clear topic, since there aren't a whole lot of personal accounts, and no data I'm aware of. The standard response is that low dose eventually does everything "regular" dose will do, just slower. Unofficially, I haven't found that to be quite the case. I've been on as low a dose as I can get away with for coming up on seven years. Three or so years only high enough to keep me from bleeding (which was still low compared to what it takes for some people), and post-uterus, only high enough to address mental dysphoria. Note I still have my ovaries, so even my one person anecdata shouldn't be applied to people who've had complete hystos. Some things like body and facial hair do seem to be cumulative. Downstairs changes, cumulative. Vascular and subcutaneous fat changes, cumulative. Other things, like facial masculinization, seem to either have stopped, or else are progressing so slowly it'll be years more before there'll be a dramatic change (people whom I've not seen since before I started T and to whom I've not disclosed have told me, "You look exactly the same!" Obviously not--I'm seven years older!--but while I have had changes (and am happy with them), they've been extremely slow and not very noticeable unless you're looking.). My voice, which is supposed to be one of the most permanent changes, still fluctuates a little sometimes. I suspect that it is as low as it will go on the dose I'm on, but that that dose hasn't been enough to fully harden my voicebox. Hypothetically, it eventually will, but I don't think it's happened yet. Hypothetically, if I increased my dose, I suspect it might drop a little more and finish for good. Some changes I got extremely little of, like fat redistribution. I know the standard line is that you have to lose it first and then regaining puts in it in male places, but this doesn't jive with people I know who lost hips and gained guts without their weight actually fluctuating. Maybe I don't have good genes for this change, maybe it's dose related, but its ties to time-dependence seem weak based on how long I've been on T and how neglible the changes have been. The best answer I can give is that some changes are definitely cumulative regardless of dose, but some seem to be less so.
It's unclear exactly how necessary a hysto is. The best guideline is to get regular reproductive health checks and stay on top of what's going on down there. Even if you did need a hysto and didn't want to continue transition, there are combined T+E regimens that many post-hysto cis women do well on. Going off T for good, however, and wanting to keep gains long term is going to require a *lot* of work. You mention you don't want the gym to take over your life--you might find that's what it takes to maintain the body you want without T.
It appears you might be shadowbanned. You might want to contact the admins about that.
A+ mocking detransitioned women.
sigh. I'm sorry. I can't with this. It's not even that the actual advice is awful or anything. It's that fully the first two thirds of the article is about how specially awesomely politically radical it is to have sex with me. And I can't. Deal with that anymore. I'm so *tired* of hearing that my existence is inherently transgressive and how I have sex is intrinsically political. My therapist asked me why I seem averse to pursuing relationships. I might send her this and explain how it's a total boner killer when my choices are people who don't get me, or people whose idea of fun sex times involves orgasms for great justice. If my choices are no sex or painfully politically aware sex, I'm never having sex again, I guess. Just can't with this.
And here I thought any replies I'd get would be about lightening up :) Here's hoping we get to have fun sex without radical-anything coming into it.
I don't think so. I've seen them talk about his tells before, I'm sure of it. They just like calling us freaks and his porn and persona make him an easier mark than Barnes or Buschbaum or Sallans.
&gt; "you don't really hate your body, you just hate the expectations society places on it!" whynotboth.jpg
+1
I don't know. I don't know what non-binary even means for anyone but myself, so I can't really know why it would or wouldn't fit someone like you're thinking about. But while I might be frustrated or confused, it doesn't feel like those people invalidate me, which seems to be something you're feeling?
Yes, compounded cream. I misspoke before, I think. Thinking back to the dates, I think it was about a year and a half till my hysto, which makes it coming up on five and a half since. I'm not sure what other side effects you want to know about. Medically, my bloodwork has been fine. Cholesterol, hematocrit, liver values--all the things they watch for when you go on T--have been fine. I got all the usual subtler things: sweat smell changing, regular erections, some minor acne, fingernails got harder. My baseline mood improved significantly (which ironically, let other problems I was suppressing come to the fore so I could finally work on them. Nothing like getting happier to help you realize how unhappy you still are.). How I experience emotions didn't change. I'm not angrier or more distant or anything. I know you said one of your motivations was specifically to gain muscle. I'm afraid I can't speak to that much. T has made me retain a lot more muscle with a lot less work, but to be brutally honest, I was way stronger and muscular in high school when I was lifting and swimming year round. I suspect I could surpass my old PRs if I worked at it, but I've had some issues to work through re:exercise, and it's enough for me right now that I'm working out semi-regularly. My goal when I started was to see if testosterone would do anything for the disconnect I experienced from my body. After I learned that it did, my goal became to manage hormonal transition to try to avoid social transition. This was because my dysphoria problems were almost entirely about my body, and I really didn't have a problem remaining living as a woman. By and large, going on testosterone was a good decision. I had hit a wall in trying to connect with myself other ways and it got to the point where it didn't make sense to put off trying it. I had to know if it would help. Part of what it did was mental and part was of course the actual physical changes. There were a couple times I attempted stopping, to see if the physical changes were enough to be content with. It turns out the mental component is significant enough that I went back on. I still sometimes think, "Well, if I got lean enough to lose my hips, maybe...?" but realistically, I don't have a lean body type, so at this point I expect to remain on this low dose for the foreseeable future. I'm working in therapy on how best to manage my social gender and trying to keep an open mind about the future.
Hey, thanks for chiming in!
I had what was called a radical reduction, and my sizing experience was almost the same as lost-angles'. I really expected to end up flatter than I did, and I wish I had been more specific with the surgeon re: resizing my areolas (he didn't) and removing dogears (also didn't). I went from a DD to a moobish A. If I had to do it over I would have been much more specific about the aesthetics I wanted. THAT SAID: I have no regrets. Insurance paid for it as a reduction, I'm flat enough not to bind, I never bounce, and my dysphoria was completely relieved. The "breasts" I have left are more than some guys start with, but I don't care. I really would, someday, like to get a revision so I have a chest I feel is attractive. But as far as dysphoria was concerned, having an imperfectly flat chest beats having boobs.
Honestly, he's better off reading people's experiences here than anything from EF.
Whew, need some water to balance all that salt.
Yep.
I think you can just ask, why wouldn't a woman want to be recognized as a woman? Implying a universal appeal to the idealized feminine has problems; on the other hand, there's a wide variety of what's recognizeably "woman" and most women (trans included) are just aiming for somewhere in that zone.
As nice as the balls I've had access to have been, that still seems just *slightly* hyperbolic.
So is this for fiction only or creative non-fiction? There are a couple mentions of "narrative essays" which I'm guessing means "long form story journalism," which is something I'm more interested in than fiction.
I got away from it for a long while just because of burnout.
It's hardly unusual.
&gt; Why are transwomen and trans girls playing sports that were originally for men or are still dominated by men? Yeah, why are *any* women playing those nasty male sports? God, they're probably all lesbians. Disgusting.
AUDIT info: Okay, so if you create a login, search for the first course by title, click through, and hit the enroll button, that's when the audit option shows up.
I can't even tell you how many people have told me that moving to a big city would solve all my [relationship, friendship, medical access, job discrimination fears, etc]. On behalf of LGBT people who aren't city people, thanks.
I think being able to vent frustration is healthy and necessary to being able to remain in the "trans community" trying to help others. There's always someone who'll make you want your bang your head against a wall.
You mention a condition. Is there a medical reason you think you won't be able to transition?
It took guts to post this and I thank you.
Congrats, you look great. Thanks for sharing your experience.
This is your haircut. This is a metaphor. This is your haircut as a metaphor. Any questions?
&gt; I believe ftt is being used as a trojan horse for mtt/agps. The Transpiracy strikes again!
What outcome would you actually want from coming out that you can't get from another approach?
And btw, trans women, I still haven't received my check for last month's corruption services. Ahem.
"Hi, so nice to finally meet you. Here's my medical history, report cards, transcripts, service record, CV, and all my therapy diaries. Wait, where are you going?"
Irregular periods, oily skin, acne, and hair (yes, even facial hair) are normal effects of estrogen-puberty. By all means, see a doctor to rule out PCOS if you're concerned, but don't jump to conclusions.
I'm removing this, as it's off topic.
Hormones were much, much more frightening to me than surgery. I had had surgery (not trans related) before and knew roughly how it would go. Plus, it was surgery I chose and scheduled, unlike (one of my) prior surgery, which was like, "Your tibia's in two pieces, we're bolting it together tomorrow in the OR, have a good sleep!" Top surgery and my hysto were practically zen experiences in comparison. Hormones, on the other hand...there's something almost body-horror about the idea of taking a medication that changes stuff about your body all on its own, without input or control from you on how the changes go.
Surely the way to keep a trans person safe is to make sure they never take steps to self-actualize. Shhhhhh. Stay in your closet....stay.......
&gt; It really gives permission for people to say they're anything and attracted to anything, sexually. ##~HoRrOrS~
Everyone has an issue with objectivity, and any pre-known information will bias an observer. The problem with bigots isn't their lack of objectivity; it's that they're deeply invested in expressing hate about things that are none of their business.
I know HuffPo doesn't pay contributors, but that piece needs an editor badly.
My face looks way better with short hair. I've had more or less the same style since cutting it over a decade ago. It curls by itself so I leave it a little longer on top. I don't do anything to it except spritz some rootlifter to keep the top from flopping around.
&gt; whereas it's much less acceptable to make fun of fat women or otherwise body-shame women lol. No dude, it's not.
Thanks for adding some context. Yeah, I agree that in certain circles there can be somewhat an inverse dynamic of what you see in society in large.
I realize I'm getting to this the morning after, but if the thread hasn't specifically ended, I'd like to ask if you have recommendations for colleagues' work who specialize in emotional abuse. (I have institutional access, so it doesn't have to be limited to commercial books.) I ask as someone who's put a lot of time in on my own abuse, which was overwhelmingly emotional and never sexual, and who's been frustrated over years with trying to back-apply literature on childhood trauma, most of which is focused on sexual abuse. It's not an immediate problem for me any more, but it would be great to have more resources to share.
URGENT URGENT ###[EMERGENCY](https://youtu.be/JA6id4--BDg)
I, on the other hand, am very square-looking (both in silhouette and in boringness) and get a lot of people assuming I'm a totes binary (if oddly feminine-faced) bro. I do have, uh, some pretty severe *objections* to the general expectation that non-binary people can be identified by their thinness, whiteness, and interest in fashion. Mostly this comes out as irritation over every other sort of non-binary person being erased, but as you point out, it also gets binary men and women misgendered and backhand-insulted. I'm sorry it's something you're dealing with.
As always, if they strike a nerve, step back if you need to and take care of yourself.
This is essentially my situation, and it's what I've been dealing with for 10 years of transition. Of the people in my peer cohort (aka friends I made when I first started dealing with this) who also transitioned, there have been some who eventually felt they identified more with the binary and some who decided that passing/living as a man was preferable even if they didn't strictly feel they were men. There were also some who chose not to transition medically, and some who started but then stopped when they felt comfortable in their bodies, but before they really had to deal with passing concerns. As far as I know, I'm fairly singular in that I, uh, continue to struggle with this to the extent that I do.
Is it common practice in GA to use someone full name name every time you refer to them? B/c I find it hard to see how this dude's middle name is going to offend people. Theoretically, a more unisex-sounding name might also put a person in trouble, from someone "offended" that they couldn't tell "what" you were.
If you want material improvements, it's better to spend your time writing letters and participating in more organized activism. I wouldn't argue with assholes on reddit if you paid me. Well, maybe if you paid me. $50/hr base + comment and research fees.
It's okay. I'm glad you took steps to protect yourself.
Numb *is* that bad of a thing, imo. It's a defense mechanism, which means it's protecting us from things we're scared to feel. But not-feeling is also terrible, so we use self-harming behaviors to try to feel *something*. You have a vision for your future that you clearly want. Don't settle for numb.
I left both mine in. My primary concern was never bleeding again. My secondary concern was not knowing if I was going to be on T forever and not wanting to fuck with ovaries that weren't really causing trouble. Removing my uterus was the most practical choice. It's been four years and they seem to be doing fine. Anecdotally, a very small number of women who have total hysterectomies also seem to have a poor recovery with constellations of aggravating symptoms. But just like most of us, most women also recover fine and have improved quality of life from no longer dealing with endometriosis or fibroids or whatever else.
This is not field work, but in regards to getting sweaty and dirty during the day and sleeping in a tent at night, I backpack. I found I've had no issues with applying topical T right before bed. That's my normal routine anyway, but it still makes sense on a hike, b/c evening is when I wash up, and it gives me (hopefully) about 8 hours absorption before I'm getting wet and sweaty and dirty again. I can't offer much on the bathroom issue. I've tried STPs, but it feels like just one more thing I need to worry about keeping clean. Even when the group is co-ed, I just go off to pop a squat.
There are a handful of studies like [this](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/22364652/), which attempt to find a neurological basis for subjectively perceived non-binary gender. There was a large meta-analysis published last year that found that sexed brain differences are inconsistent across category; in short, few people have brains that are categorizeable as distinctly male or distinctly female, as we define those terms. The term the researchers used was mosiacism, as while sex differences do exist in aggregate, any given brain is more likely to contain "male" *and* "female" morphology than it is likely to have morphology consistent with anatomical sex. Study [here](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26621705), short article on study [here](https://www.newscientist.com/article/dn28582-scans-prove-theres-no-such-thing-as-a-male-or-female-brain/).
Hey there. Have you tried writing down some columns--why you chose to transition, why you chose to detransition, and the issues facing you now that make you want to retransition?
I have been on a very low dose from the start, and my voice had started changing within the first month. It took a very long time to drop significantly, though. It was nowhere near done changing, nor permanently settled, by six months.
You have 4 hours--until noon Eastern--to add a discussion comment to this or it will be removed.
If you're fairly sure you're male, then coming out as non-binary is probably just creating headaches for yourself later on. But if coming out is what you need to do, then you should just come out as where you are. You don't have to be sure, and it's not insulting to anyone to be open about your feelings and uncertainty.
Everyone else has to read the article to find that out. Posting a discussion or teaser comment encourages them to do that. What you've been doing is essentially link-spamming, and officially speaking, I want you to stop doing that. You can either post comments when you post a link, or you can not post multiple links on the same topic. The sub is not a news aggregator, nor is it meant to be. I will be updating the posting guidelines to make this clear. Thank you for understanding. Congratulations on your victory, and I hope it has major positive repercussions going forward.
so shock. very surprise!
&gt; Well someone was saying it could contribute to the idea that nb identities aren't real and they're just people that are confused. I think that idea is more supported by the belief that all people have a single, *true* identity and that you're only allowed to come out once you're certain of what it is. Real life is more like people finding out how best to represent themselves bit by bit and needing to claim different identities sometimes as they go along.
He's British, so here's a phrase he might comprehend: what a load of bollocks.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
~~Hey man. If there's meant to be pics they're not showing up for me.~~ N/m, I refreshed and they're there. Re: better pumps, the gold standard is the MityVac, and any of the stores that sell it will also sell compatible cylinders for it.
This reminds me of every time someone gets flustered and hastens to fall all over themselves to apologize and explain that *they didn't mean* **me**, *I'm one of the* **good** *ones.*
&gt; Do you see things from a more masculine perspective? Does your attraction to women or men follow along that of a female, or are you attracted to them more in the way a male would be? What does any of this mean, and why is it somehow more important than clothing choice?
Everything you're saying is based on your interpretation of stereotypes that are gendered just as much as clothing is. I'm not at all averse to trying to find clarity about an inner sense of self, but I think what you're suggesting as benchmarks are essentialist. Are men who are feminine-mannered bottoms less authentically male than you? What about men who are more verbal or bad at math and spatial reasoning? That's more or less what you're suggesting OP judge themselves by.
Ah yes, the so-descriptive and totally existent "trans theory."
Serano used subconscious sex to describe the mind's map of the body --how the mind expected it to be shaped and move/work. This seems to correlate with how I see gender orientation used. I don't understand what's gendered about the body map concept, except that we've gendered bodies, which...would make it not innate. Honestly, I'm not sure where the term gender orientation originated. It took me a while to figure out what was being meant by it. I guess it's meant to be a parallel construction to sexual orientation, but I don't think it works because of the associations of gender with social. My experience was years (and years) of well-meaning people assuring that I really *did* have a *really real* innate gender, and that if I just tried hard enough, the clouds would part and angels would sing it to me. Which...nope. I definitely have strong feelings on what's right or wrong for my body, but trying to connect those with "gender" as we understand it was a total failure. So...I may be a little salty about arguments that innate gender is something everyone instrinsically understands through firsthand experience.
Block and unfriend her. And work on your own prejudices towards trans people who choose not to disclose. You can't dictate how someone else's past does or doesn't inform their present.
Was always a morning person (even as a chronological teen), and that didn't change with T.
&gt; And when you get there it's run by Exodus International. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Yeah, I have the same issue with "_____ identity" phrasing, it's wishy washy in the same way "sexual preference" was before sexual orientation became the standard phrase. However, I think it has some utility in pointing out that sex and gender are developed and constructed on various levels, and that they should be respected regardless. But the contexts in which you could use "identity" and have it be understood that way are pretty limited, and most circumstances wind up being interpreted in the way you said, as identifying as versus *being.* Which is obviously not great in the way it puts people's legitimacy in question right off the bat. &gt; You just have to accept that some people really do want to only date people of one particular sex, and that some people really do want their body to be one particular sex. And I just have to accept that some people really don't mind either way. I kind of like "sex orientation" for this reason (over gender identity, gender orientation, innate gender, brain gender, or subconscious sex). Although sex and gender intertwine and overlap, I feel like ceding "gender" phrases to social definitions can reduce confusion in most instances. That also opens up "gender orientation" to specifically social uses, where it might be useful? For myself, I have to be careful b/c some people *are* highly gendered in the social sense, and I have to work to poke at the ways gender is bad without invalidating that experience. They're swimming in the same soup as me, after all, they just took different things from it than I did.
Yep, growing pains. Normal.
Yeah, they used to break and rip all the time, even though I kept them short. That almost never happens now. My hair was straight as sticks pre-first puberty, got somewhat curlier from first puberty, and curlier still from T.
You're welcome!
Yes and no. Most of things I didn't really wish to change dramatically didn't, and I feel lucky for that. On the other hand, in the past, oh, 12 months or so, I've started noticing changes in the aggregate that make me somewhat astonished that they're not obvious to everyone. I feel like I'm existing in multiple positions at once: the space where I'm recognizably the same, the space where it's becoming impossible to deny that my sex characteristics have changed, and the space where both the prior states are in flux.
I don't understand how what you're talking about is necessarily innate to the point where it's a reliable indicator. I accept that it was for you, but for others it isn't...I wouldn't want OP to conclude they weren't trans enough on that basis alone. But please, let's stop. I feel like I'm pissing you off, and I'm headed to bed anyways.
Despite the name, last I heard, Women's International Pharmacy does compounded cream. http://womensinternational.com/
Being trans is fucking pain in the ass. It has fucked up my life emotionally, financially, physically, socially, and sexually. I've met and interacted with enough trans people to be crystal clear on the fact that there are no positive traits inherent to trans people. Not empathy, not self-awareness, not super special insight into the ~ magic ~ of gender, nothing. We are people dealing with a shitty problem that society has made even shittier.
Sure thing, hope they can help.
It would be nice to have the option without it being a hassle. But even if were no hassle at all (i.e. post lower surgery with successful UL), I'd still probably sit most of the time. No aiming or splashing, it's easier to fully empty my bladder that way, and it's 20 seconds of relaxation time.
&gt; This sounds strange now that I'm typing it out. Nah! I think fantasies of having hard decisions taken out of your hands are pretty common.
Are there ADA or education code requirements for single room units? I'm thinking of kids who need help with going to the bathroom or kids with wraparound aides. Of course, codes vary and so does the amount of mainstreaming in any given district, but I'd be surprised if at least one single room unit wasn't required anyway.
That's unecessarily invasive and gatekeepery, and if you don't trust her, my suggestion is to find another therapist or do informed consent, if that's available where you live (and no, other doctors will not also be asking you about your masturbation habits, unless they are similarly inappropriate). If she is your only option, and you're certain of what you want, I wouldn't feel any guilt over telling her what she wants to hear. I don't recommend lying to doctors as a rule, but I believe in the right to bodily autonomy more than I believe in absolute honesty.
Literally it was based on what made his dick hard. Young trans women attracted to men? Twoo Twans. Fuckable. Transition green light. Older trans women who tried to bury their feelings in het marriage? AGP. Fetishist perverts.
Also the inverse--females all have penis envy anyway, so "autoandrophilia" is something all women would feel and a sign of psychosexual immaturity, not connected to trans anything.
30+ points for a response completely dismissing this guy's distress. Stay classy, asktg.
Literally, his post is about how he's distressed and in pain. The amount of people ignoring that in favor of going, "Haha! Deal," is gross. ETA: not to mention he's apparently getting mean PMs about it, too.
If women were people feminism wouldn't need to exist. It's just like the anti-choice movement in that getting what they want would trigger an existential crisis, because then where would the hate go? Reactionary positions based on hate and taking away rights are toxic to praxis and an intellectual dead end.
If you want to know why this sub has the reputation of being hostile to trans men, here is your answer. Lip service at wishing to change the sub's culture is just that: lip service. &gt; Welcome to puberty....buckle up. &gt; welcome to testosterone lol &gt; Now you know how all the other dudes feel. &gt; LMAO &gt; just roll with it....its not much of a big deal, and there are worse daily punishments then an orgasm... lol &gt; Enjoy being a dude, dude.
It's not hypocritical in their worldview because they're fixated on genitals. - masculine + vagina + attracted to vagina = transgressive - masculine + vagina + attracted to vagina, but SO masculine that society at large would assume you have a penis = transgressive if you're aggressive about being addressed as a woman, but traitor to the cause if that's what you prefer people assuming, or you can't be arsed to make a scene - masculine + vagina + attracted to vagina + wants a penis = reactionary, self-hating gay It's all very logical if you boil it down to hoohas and weewees, and completely dismiss how very complex real life actually is.
Also I'm using "masculine" uncritically here by assuming it's implicitly understood what I mean, since that's the way they use it 95% of the time. Gender critical my arse.
This should go in the fundraising sticky up top.
Sure they do. Genital reconstruction isn't real to them, it's just an attempt to disguise one's "real" genital status, which makes us both regressive AND deceptive in their framing.
I relate to this. My features aren't ugly, but they're kind of an unusual combination. My face hasn't changed dramatically, but I think T has improved my face by de-emphasizing some of the features I didn't like.
Realistically, it's more likely that the increasing inequality of end stage capitalism, resource depletion, and climate change is going to lower standards of living for all but the global 1%. Don't need a war; transition care would simply become beyond ordinary people's reach.
I don't know what to tell you. I don't see either of those scenarios affecting most people in the US within our lifetimes, and I think you overestimate the amount of aggregate hate (as opposed to the depth of it in outlying individuals). And the US is the global 1% in terms of access to resources. Being overtaken by China economically isn't going to change that. The world is not 100% stable or 100% safe. But we're not a hair's breadth away from nuclear winter anymore, and almost anything else, while frightening to contemplate, seems managable.
thread on this [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/NonBinary/comments/4nvitm/scientific_proof_of_non_binary/)
Man the rosaries! Fetch the boiling holy water!
Ehhhh. In the worst old days, gender non-conformity was seen as a signifier of homosexuality, but the persecution arose from the ick factor of the perverted sexy sex homosexuals were having (which wasn't completely uncoupled from the appearance thing, but it was mainly about the wrong bits touching). So there's some historical resistance to the idea that a person who *isn't* having perverted sexy homosexual sex experiences oppression the same way the oversexed homosexual perverts do. More recently there's a lot of complicated talking at cross purposes about romantic vs sexual attraction and heterosexual asexuals and stuff.
And like...your reply is so perfect. Straight and bi butches are breaking it down, and it's so sad GCers can't see that. I'm thinking of the second woman I remembered...if you went by appearance cues she screamed "hard butch dyke." She has a husband. They're lovely people. If you can't see how a het relationship that defies all the patriarchal rules for how het attraction and het relationships are "known" to work isn't challenging the hell out of the status quo...I don't know what to tell you. Get your head out of your political lesbianism and find a praxis that acknowledges sexual urges exist and most people who have them are heterosexual, I guess. Sorry to keep spamming your replies, but I care about this topic, I guess!
I have never understood how I could have been 7 when the Wall fell and yet the Cold War looms so large in my mind. I've talked with older adults about this and I seem to have that fear imprinted on me to an extent much more similar to them than to my age peers. It's really weird.
&gt; Coupled with the fact that my parents never really made me feel safe even in the places where I was supposed to feel safe, it makes for a cocktail of existential and other kinds of dread Oh man, do I relate to that. :( To answer your question...I feel like my specifically transition-related world catastrophe anxieties were addressed with surgery. I hated my breasts for how impractical they were, and now they're gone and can never cause a problem: don't need a bra (don't need a shirt), no impairments to mobility. I was terrified of pregnancy, but that can never happen now, and I'll never deal with the impracticalty of bleeding again. Hormones, I feel that, for as much as they've improved my life, in an actual catastrophe, I'd be too occupied with basic survival. Adrenaline can compensate for a lot. :/
This has gotten really popular to tell people. I see it come up 2-3 times in every thread on weight and T. I've been around for years; I've seen a lot of timelines. Sometimes people's fat goes right to their gut without their weight fluctuating. Sometimes people who're thin to start with lose weight but not off their hips. Sometimes people wait 6 or 7 years with no changes and then in the course of a couple months their hips are gone. Sometimes a hysto seems to make a difference. There is probably some dose-dependence, some time dependence, and some genetic/metabolic influence. I've gotten a little weary of the pseudo-body shaming that is, "Fatty has to lose weight or he'll never have a man-shape."
Yes. I've been very satisfied. Well, as satisfied as one can be without being one of the handful of genetic lottery winners among us. I was on topical, roughly 20-25mg/wk, and things got started literally overnight.
Yeah but I could before, too. Obviously that's not true of everyone, but if it's possible no matter your hormones or starting point, it doesn't make sense to call them male and female, you know?
It's not just you; like I said, I see it in lots of threads. ETA: And of course a trainer would tell you that. They only get paid when people hire them.
Okay then. Don't think of T as "the man maker." Think of it as medicine that has some desired effects, and some undesired side effects. Your friend has decided it's worth managing the unwanted things in order to get the things they do want.
Nooooo....There are different *kinds* of orgasms. They are not limited by sex. Each sex can have the same kinds of orgasms. Therefore, since males and females can have the same kinds of orgasms, "male" and "female" orgasms don't exist.
lol...as I have been trying to say upthread, there are a variety of different-feeling orgasms. They just aren't limited by what hormone you're on. At least not for everyone.
Similarly! Cis women with facial hair: natural celebration of the variety of womanhood AFAB trans people with facial hair from testosterone: ruined! RUUUUU-EEEENED!
Almost 7 years on cream. It has testosterone in it. It works.
You can plan to start T, and talk with a therapist to work things out immediately before and during. You can start T without talking to a therapist. You can talk with a therapist to decide if you even want to start T. You're in charge here. There's absolutely no rush. The primary thing about starting T is that you understand yourself well enough to be able to deal with how you feel about it. If you love it and want to stay on, you need to figure out how to handle legal, social, and medical complications. If you don't think it's right for you, you need to be able to handle re-disclosing to people who knew, and be prepared to accept and deal with any effects you've gotten that are more permanent.
I would rather be on the side that will burn a flag if they feel it's appropriate, even if I disagree with them, than the side that treats it like the shroud of Turin. Flag fetishism is sophist nationalism.
This is exactly why that OkCupid question is so useful.
Aw, thanks!
*I am not a licensed professional. The following is an informed opinion, not professional diagnosis or advice.* *Yes*, PTSD can greatly affect sexuality. Sex isn't at the bottom of human needs. We care more about basic survival first, and PTSD is a condition where the brain believes you're constantly in danger. And, since your trauma was actually from abuse *in a relationship*, it wouldn't be surprising if your brain decided to just shut down anything that has to do with relationships. It thinks it's protecting you by making you uninterested in things that were associated with the trauma. If the therapists you can see won't take PTSD seriously, I would not mention those letters. Sadly, emotional abuse is considered less 'real' by many professionals. It's tough to try to find someone who understands that it's real and not just another person "being mean sometimes." Talk instead about how badly the relationship affected you, specific things she said and patterns of her behavior, how that made you feel, and how it altered your behavior over time.
It's so individual and depends on him and the specific features. Some stuff, you could tell me you liked and I would find it endearing or reassuring. Other stuff, I would feel sick and appalled.
&gt; Would a person on a "low" dose still have the same results and/or T levels as a person on a "regular" dose, just taking a longer period of time? Or would a person on a "low" dose never acheive the same transition effect as a person on a "regular" dose? I wrote some about this [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ftm/comments/4m9528/is_half_transitioning_a_thing/d3tlmr0). &gt; What does "low-dose" really mean? What dose is a low dose is relative to the person, not to the HRT-taking population or a treatment standard. It can be determined qualitatively by adjusting dose until the patient is satisfied (with effects, mental state, etc) or quantitatively by checking levels and trying to lower them. The problem with going by levels is that, again, every individual is different. Two people may have similar rates of changes even though their levels might be different by hundreds of ng/dl. It is most important that the treatment is achieving the desired results and that T isn't causing other health issues. Accordingly, "I'm on low dose" is probably most accurately described as shorthand for, "My desired results of testosterone therapy are less dramatic or delayed, compared to the desired results for the general trans male population on HRT."
I don't want to be callous or dismissive, but it sounds like this is over. What he wants out of a relationship with you is exactly the opposite of what you want to/are able to give. And vice versa. You resent each other, and you're miserable.
If you can't have sex without the debilitating fear of ending up being responsible for a child you don't want, what's the point?
No problems crossposting. :)
They're not my style personally, but bowties are still very in as an androgynous dapper queer signifier sorta accessory.
I wrote about some of my experiences recently [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ftm/comments/4m9528/is_half_transitioning_a_thing/d3tlmr0). I've been on a low dose of compounded cream for almost 7 years. Feel free to ask anything else.
Unforgivable That's what you are Unforgivable Tho' near or far Like a film of slime that clings to me How the thought of your crotch does things to me Never before has someone been more Unforgivable in every way And forever more, that's how you'll stay That's why darling it's not livable Letting you think you're forgivable When you're gross and unforgivable, true
"Inside of human body slimy, gooey, and gross. And now, the weather."
Sure, happy I could be of some help.
Extremely difficult at first. Over time I've gotten more blasé about it. I've had some good therapists, luckily. Truthfully, if my personality were more "gives no fucks," I doubt other people's reactions or my visible changes would have been an issue. But I am very much "gives too many fucks," so it was just one more thing in my life I had to learn to give fewer fucks about.
Ah. Yes, it's very true their praxis consists of setting ludicrous goals, giving up before they start, and projecting their self-hating failure all over everyone else.
The question you should be asking yourself isn't, "Who was right?" It's, "Was it really *so* important that you had to say that in that moment?" Because what you did was take her frustration with something you can't experience--because you're not trans, and not a woman--and make it about you. That was the wrong call. Dissecting the specifics to prove that you really *are* a good person is really not the point.
A nun's having a bath she hears the doorbell. "Who is it?" she calls. "The blind man," comes back the answer. "Ok, come in." The man wanders into the bathroom, looks at her and says, "Nice tits, where do you want these blinds?"
I didn't accuse him of anything. I asked him to think about his question in a different way.
Most of the men I've worked with had severe CSU (Can't Shut Up). The idea that guys talk less is such a myth.....
It was intermittent, a couple times a day or a couple times a week to a couple weeks without. Never really enough to be annoying.
I'd take cis as a woman or a man. I'm not picky.
You're 5'1'' with a 29 inseam? God, my legs are even freakishly shorter than I thought (I'm 5'4'', 29) &gt; I'm trying to go down a size or two in pants because I think that might help, FWIW, when I went from a 34-sometimes-36 to a 33-sometimes-32, it's like a world of options opened up. Everything that fit, fit better. Everything's also still way too long, but like, seriously, I went from having two pairs of pants I would willingly wear to having five pairs waiting to be hemmed, plus three extra pairs of jeans that I just cuff instead. And I thrift shop almost exclusively; if I bought retail the world would feel like my closet right now. &gt; but my legs are already pretty thin, so if lose weight there, it'll just make it worse I think. Try and see? I can't speak to skinny legs, mine are very solid and pretty straight up and down, so slimmer fits make them look like sausages. But if you lost around your waist/hips, you might be able to size down and the pants legs would be correspondingly smaller.
Very nice. /*thumbs up*
&gt; Having dysphoria and therefore transitioning is actually a really freeing narrative. You don't have to worry about gender stereotypes This is so vastly oversimplified I can't even make a response.
I would suggest you find a therapist you can talk to in person to sort out your feelings. There's no rush; access to transition is improving and it will be there if you decide you want to pursue it. No one on the internet can tell you either what you are or what would suit you best going forward in life.
It's a real trick to lose respect for gender non-conformance when [they never had any in the first place](https://www.reddit.com/r/GenderCynical/comments/4qlf60/either_we_just_really_suck_at_being_a_hate_group/).
