I hope "love of my life" is that handsome and charming two-wheeled steed.
Should've broken from the gun in the road race, too! :-D
Yep. If you're attracted to your training partner, you've already got the foot in the door on a hookup. ;)
What you didn't say is how far along you are. What is the fastest way out? Would you work on that fastest way out? After three semesters, I was in your boat. I ended up doing what /u/sankofaa suggested. I went to a community college and finished whatever courses I could. Tuition there was a third (as in, 33%) of what it was at my big state school, even as an in-stater. I needed to do a minimum of two semesters and ended up doing three. I actually excelled at the community college, partially because I figured out that this was important to me but also because it was easy in a smaller class. My largest class there was 30 people, and I ended up making 2-3 professional contacts that came in handy later in my career. So, it sounds like you're at least a couple of years in. How much longer to graduate? Can you take the core / general classes at a community college (in CO, they have 'GT Guaranteed Transfer' courses - that is, PHIL 112, Ethics, will count as a PHIL 112 course at any public school in the state)? Also, having a degree will make you way, way more valuable than not having your degree. If you don't finish it now, you never will.
You and I have almost exactly the same situation - I'm 27. I have about $55,000 in debt, make about $34,000 a year, and bills come out to about $800 / mo + student loans (one $100, one $101.23 with IBR). I think the answer is pretty dependent on you and your personal goals. The [Student Loans.gov Calculator](https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/mobile/repayment/repaymentEstimator.action) lays it out quite clearly what the difference is. For me on IBR, I think I end up paying about $10,000 more in interest but then have about $25,000 forgiven. As mentioned below, I expect to pay tax on that, since it's treated as income. In this case, it would be $5,000 tax due. So ultimate cost is a bit less than $15,000 extra, but over the course of fifteen years. However, that is a difference of about $280 a month right now in my student loan payment, which is about $36,000 over the next ten years. Truly, I'm on the fence on whether I want that hanging over my head for 25 years or not. I've got about one year done, but twenty-five years in a long time. I'm working as hard as I can on chasing the dream, but I think I will try to end up throwing money at the ten-year option before long. I believe that with my ICR setup, The Gooberment pays the interest on subsized loans for three years. After that, interest will accrue but not capitalize. Right now, ICR/PAYE is the best option for me, though I hope to eventually switch to taking on the ten-year-option. I think I need to either make more money or change my lifestyle significantly for that to be an option, though (bicycle racing is an expensive hobby). Also, another thing worth mentioning is that the debt / income burden I have hurts my credit. The interest on the student loans is revolving debt, so credit card companies won't take me and I'll have trouble getting a loan.
Oh, thank you for the clarification. I meant IBR in every instance (since I never qualified for ICR - I think they phased it out before I got to it).
I rode slightly older Industry Nine road hubs. They were unreasonably nice: near instant engagement, silly light. But I found them to be overengineered and require constant maintenance. The wheels they were built into were nothing but trouble.
I agree on this point. So many people disparage middle aged cyclists on nice equipment. They forget that this is the equipment that I buy and ride into the ground. My second bike was a Cervelo R3 with dura ace. The first owner bought it for $6,000, rode it 37 miles, and then sold it for a third of what he paid.
"Full Gas" is one of my favorites. It's basically a documentary about Fabian Cancellara a few years ago, but it's got some fun clips that you won't find anywhere else. I suppose I should have a disclaimer that I have more than a reasonable man-crush on Cancellara.
Beautiful, timeless build. I'd ride it.
Good advice, all. Make sure your bike is more or less comfortable. If you're dead fatigued by mile 50, or your back hurts, or your butt can't tolerate it, you need to make equipment changes. On the other hand, if you're totally fine but just tired, you're quite blessed. :D Also, check the bike about three weeks beforehand. Does it desperately need a tuneup? If yes, *get it done a couple of weeks before*. Things can still go wrong, even if you pay someone to do it for you. It'd be better they go wrong two weeks out than day of.
When I was in fifth grade, my dad decided to take a position 1700 miles away on the east coast. He moved out early and we followed him when I finished school. My older brother burned me a bunch of music to help me get through the three day road trip with my family. This album was brand-freaking-new and hadn't left his CD player since he'd bought it two weeks earlier. It rocked. My. World. I listened to it on repeat until the batteries would die on my Sony portable CD player. My mom would buy 16-packs of AA batteries from ShopKo and it wasn't enough. As /u/glengach said... Lateralus. Oh my god. Still one of my favorite albums of all time.
[Bicycling Magzine](http://www.bicycling.com/training/fitness/core) has a pretty good core routine. I've used this one for a couple of seasons with good success. The first couple use an exercise ball, which I actually recommend. I have issues strengthening my lower back and QL without one.
My best friend's parents are anesthesiologists. They got up and walked out on the first episode of Grey's Anatomy.
It changes EVERY SINGLE YEAR.
I think they were fighting over who gets to legally change their name to "Quadzilla."
I have this one and equip my companion with it (when I've not got Dogmeat). Yep, can confirm.
Absolutely gorgeous bike.
I think he meant the Capital One Secured Mastercard. The one [linked above](http://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/) is pretty solid. I have the same card but a different name (same rules, but a Visa offered by Capital One). Within four or five months of the basic 'one tank of gas a month', Capital One was sending me pre-qualified offers for another card. The cards have gone from entry level to medium level ($1,000 max to $5,000 max) in the next six months.
Yes, the Capital One secured Mastercard does build credit. That means that they report two important pieces of information to the credit agencies: your statement balance and whether or not you're paying "as agreed". That is a 'positive report' on your credit. The reason they say to 'buy a tank of gas' and 'pay it off in full every month' is because those two behaviors produce the best credit trail. The tank of gas is to keep you utilization under 10%, which Credit Karma reports is best for your score. In fact, my original limit was $200, so I had to buy less than a tank of gas or I would lose 5 points because my utilization was &gt; 10%. As mentioned above, I used a very, very similar secured card from the same creditor. Mine had a $29 annual fee, and it looks like this one has no annual fee.
Most of what I want to say has already been said, but I want to reiterate it. First off, communicate with your parents. Let them know what you're planning, find out what they're planning, and go from there. Two years ago, after a huge miscommunication and stubbornness on my mother's part, my parents were out about $3800 because I told them that I would be filing independently an they didn't adjust their withholding. It caused a pretty major rift between myself and my mother that took six months to rectify. Secondly, and this has been said: technically, you don't decide whether to file as an independent or a dependent. There is a pretty clear set of guidelines. There are [tools](https://www.irs.gov/uac/Who-Can-I-Claim-as-a-Dependent%3F) for determining your status. Some of these details can be fudged (ie, 50% of support), but others most definitely cannot (did you live with them for &gt; 6 months this year). It should be very clear whether you are or are not. Finally, remember this: when it hit the fan with my parents, it was worth about +$2500 to me, and -$3500 with my parents (and caused my mom to accuse me of "seeing dollar signs flashing in front of my eyes"). Because they likely have a much more complicated tax situation, it may be very complicated. Whatever you decide, make absolutely sure that you can provide receipts and documentation to back it up, both to your parents and your IRS auditor. Also should be said that sometimes independent has advantages for tuition, scholarships, loans, and the rest. Also, you may get certain tax credits if you're an independent.
What if I told you that you could read the book on your own? ;)
You're the best of us, my friend! Can I ask what application you're using to track your spending? I've only seen Mint.
I am unsure what your approval odds will be for any card with no credit. Many companies offer a student card. They usually have no annual fee and a limited credit limit, but are much easier to get. There is a university-affiliated credit union in my area that is quite popular and is very generous with their cards. If neither of those options work out, you might consider a secured credit card. The one I find myself talking about lately is [this one](https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/). It has no annual fee. You don't earn rewards, but it reports to all three agencies. As always, the normal rules apply: buy a single tank of gas or something like that to keep your utilization below 10%, and pay it off every month. Please read the sidebar on Credit to talk about building credit. Remember that things like paying utilities and cell phone bills go on your credit, so *pay them on time*, even if your roommates don't pay you on time.
I definitely disagree with this one. It is debt, but at this moment and for the next year, it will be guaranteed to be at 0% interest. The emergency fund is just that: for emergencies. You have no idea what the next twelve months will hold, with the exception that you don't owe that credit card debt for 365 days. When the debt comes due, you can pay it with some of the emergency fund and not be out a single penny. The only thing to gain is flexibility, which of course could mean nothing, or could mean a whole lot more. edit: This is, of course, assuming that OP is actually saving and not just putting being financially responsible. That's kind of a big difference.
How long would it take you to pay off the $9K CC debt if you spent $0 / mo on maintenance for your car? (well... besides fuel... and insurance... and tires... and upkeep... god, cars are money pits.) The financially responsible thing to do would be to buy a cheap car and pay off as much CC debt as you can, but as mentioned below, you were given this money FOR A CAR. The person very clearly wants you to have a very nice car. Fourteen thousand dollars will get you a car that is dependable, safe, and will last you for many years. You owe it to them to do that. From a personal relationship standpoint, you should use most of it to buy a car. If you show up to this person's house in a month driving a 2002 Honda and they ask, "What happened to the other ten grand?" they will not take kindly to you saying, "Oh, I spent your money on my personal stuff." Remember a couple grand for titling, registration, and the inevitable first few months of niggles). So now you're driving a $12,000 used car with maybe 40K miles and no issues. Take every extra penny at hurl it forcefully at that CC debt. TL;DR: This is not a windfall. This is not a negotiable thing. This is you making sure you don't punch gift horse in the mouth.
Whew. Jumping all in, huh? What is your event as a swimmer? Since you seem committed, I'll tell you the secret that takes everyone years to learn. The goal of a bike race is **not** to go as fast as possible. It is to cross the line first. Those two things are not the same. Your race is a crit. There are many ways to win a crit, none of which are easy: -Solo away (simply ride faster than the other 39 riders combined) -win the group sprint -make a ballsy solo move with (x) to go (usually one lap to go) -stay out of the wind for the entire race and get lucky somehow Your method should depend on your strengths as a cyclist, which are probably the same as your strengths as a swimmer. If you were a swimmer sprinter, then you could probably do a long sprint without a leadout and be okay. If you were a miler and you're willing to crush yourself, you might have the aerobic to solo (but that also requires luck, balls, genetic talent, and some extreme bike handling skills to corner like a boss). You may not win this crit, but it's a good intro into the sport. Read all you can, including: http://303cycling.com/5-golden-rules-to-criterium-racing Since you have a stages, you should read The Cyclists Training Bible and Training and Racing With a Power Meter, both of which are about $15 on amazon. Threshold is power for an hour (important for repeated efforts). VO2 is how hard you can breathe (important for maximal efforts of any length, but mostly 0 - 5 min) w/kg is usually a measure of threshold power. That's your ability to time trial. Your w/kg will be moderately high but not great because you have a lot of upper body muscle.
'sonder' - the realization that each passerby has a life as vivid as your own.
Tell her to talk to the company. You'd be amazed how many decent companies are out there. I broke my wrist in a cycling accident while working as a server. My job trained me as another position and kept me there until I could work again. That said, there are a lot of companies where you are simply a cog in the machine. If they ask her to preform her duties and she is unable, that is a clear reason for termination in an at-will state (like California). That said, there's probably a middle ground. Have her grab some documentation from her doc that specifies her limitations **and an end date**! Normally, "will be unable to perform action for 6-8 weeks" will keep the boss happy. Also, her attitude and performance history will come into play. Have her approach is by saying, "I really want to stay with the company, is there anything I can do to remain productive?"
Well, it sounds like something's not working at your parents' house, which is why you want to move. Taking care of elders is not an easy responsibility. Consider it subsidizing your low rent, if they're onboard. Sounds like there's almost not reason not to.
Around here, there is a blister button under the passenger side (hah) light. Driver gets off the bus and closes the door behind him.
Bill Nye's book should have been called "Undenyeable".
Exact same situation: got my experience and peaced after 3 years of the same salary they hired me at. 67% raise.
Cover letters. Explain why you don't have the relevant experience on *paper* but you definitely do because apples and oranges are both fruit.
Worked in medicine for years: Insurance companies' job is not to help you get better. It is to keep their bottom lines low. Hope your uncle figures it out.
The general advice of this forum is that you must never cosign on a loan that you are no ready to take on as your own (because that is literally what you're signing). As a result, they recommend not ever cosigning on a loan. Obviously, you're in a position where you want to help this person out. Cosigning would do that, but there is a very real possibility that this person could screw your credit forever or cost your tens of thousands of dollars.
Don't forget that organic is marketed as not having pesticides. Organic farming [does use pesticides](https://www.geneticliteracyproject.org/2015/03/20/myth-busting-are-synthetic-pesticides-used-with-some-gmos-more-dangerous-than-natural-ones/), and they are frequently just as dangerous or more dangerous than conventional pesticides. In fact, many of the pesticides aren't engineered to break down quickly, so we ingest a higher percentage of the pesticides applied. [more](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/science-sushi/httpblogsscientificamericancomscience-sushi20110718mythbusting-101-organic-farming-conventional-agriculture/). But really, #3 should be the only argument that matters, once the fact that organic foods are no safer [has been confirmed](http://med.stanford.edu/news/all-news/2012/09/little-evidence-of-health-benefits-from-organic-foods-study-finds.html), repeatedly. Organic food has no health benefits and requires more resources to produce. In some cases, it produces a quarter of the crop using the same amount of water, land, and time as conventional crops. In other cases, such as the papaya and Star Ruby grapefruit [both of which can be grown 'organically'], the actual organism is genetically modified [in the case of the grapefruit, it was fucking *[intentionally irradiated](http://aggie-horticulture.tamu.edu/citrus/grapefruit.htm)* until they found a variety that worked].
I don't know how reliable this source is, but: http://www.employmentlawhandbook.com/wage-payment-laws/state-wage-payment-laws/florida/#9 Florida does't have any laws preventing employers from withholding pay based on mistakes.
Get cubicle mate to do them with you.
Working in a workman's compensation physical therapy clinic, I'd love to thank you for keeping us in business. Squat down, stick your butt back a bit, keep your eyes forward or up, and just stand up. Don't pull with your back at all. Source: ergonomist. I get paid to teach people how to not hurt themselves lifting.
I have to agree with not recommending their wheels. At 145 lbs and 5'10", riding 25C tires, I managed to crack an aluminum rim clear through without hitting any major bumps (it was on my crit bikes, so smooth-ish pavement only). I have never ridden their frames, but the Exocet is supposed to be a nice bike. It is also decently aero, according to the Aero Weenies at [Slowtwitch](http://forum.slowtwitch.com/forum/Slowtwitch_Forums_C1/Triathlon_Forum_F1/Planet_X_Exocet_2_P4058252).
First off, as a 20 year old, congrats on your exceptional financial situation. You're better off than the vast majority of 30 year old Americans. The large emergency fund, especially with the low cost of living (if you're planning on staying with your family) is awesome. If you're gonna be making $65 this year (160% raise! Holy cows, congrats), I would recommend continuing to live like you're only making those $24K. It's not sexy for a guy to live with his parents, but I promise you that being financially solvent is. Keep saving as much as you can. Also, same thing about the car: the type of woman who likes a sports car is not the type of person worth dating. Also, I've got to say that a sports car is not a sound financial decision. Obviously, you work hard and have saved a lot of money, but get something like an Audi A4 or S4. They're sporty, not ridiculously overpriced, but also reliable and show very well in a business environment. Nearly every MD I've worked with drives some variety of Audi, except for the ones driving Toyotas [a fair few here out west].
I would normally recommend wide rims (Hed Ardennes or Belgiums), but their benefits aren't really realized on a time trial bike. Frankly, something like a Ksyrium or Aksium would be plenty fine on the TT bike. They're basically on firesale on Craigslist or even gray market because everybody wants wide rims.
I use Chase and have had some success with them. They're not perfect, but there's nothing glaring about them. They usually don't charge ridiculous fees. Their iPhone app allows you to set threshold limitings for activity alerts. The default is &gt; $125 in or out. That means I get a warning when my payroll direct deposit hits and when I pay my rent. I also get messages when I withdraw cash at an ATM (&gt; / = $100). Those are modifiable. edit: Before switching banks, check to see if US Bank has similar. They're a big enough bank that they may have a good app.
In my area, very few rental agencies report to credit. However, for such a huge rent, they might. Also, make sure that your roommate is paying whatever late fees are they incurring. I recently had a disagreement with my roommate when I wouldn't pay him for the late fees he incurred on our utilities for the third month in a row. I showed him why the bills were each $10 / month higher than they should be, since he was paying them on the 31st and they were due the 21st. He's just a ditz.
Oh yeah, kick them to the curb. Chase is good. They also have balance alerts: if my account drops below $500, I get a one-time warning. If it drops below $150, it alerts me of my remainder balance after every transaction. That's every time my card is swiped, though you have to be really careful at places like a restaurant because it will be swiped for $20 and with tip will be $25, which will show up three days later. [Obviously, living that way isn't PF approved, but it's what I had to do for a while.]
My company has decent (but not great) insurance for families. We have employees in California (around SF, but not SF proper). Our health insurance is either $500 / mo for an $11000 family HDP or $750 / mo for a $3600 family HDP. Whelp, looks $100K aint that much!
You did complete college? If not, finishing would be your first goal. You can either get a second gig and do that, or you can build experience to look for something better. All you need to do is get lucky once. Don't get disheartened that you don't find your dream job on the first week of trying. Keep your eyes out for a couple of months, but don't become obsessed with the search.
65.2 mph coming down [Lee Hill Road](https://www.strava.com/segments/7919743) in Boulder, CO. Not even close to the steepest road around, but gentle curves and good pavement. Can usually hit 52-55 mph on a good day, but a tailwind can definitely get you above that. There are sections of Sunshine road were you could easily hit 60 with disc brakes and no self-preservation instinct. edit: Fastest in a race was during the [Dead Dog Road Race](https://www.strava.com/activities/62184007/segments/1177815082) in Laramie, WY: hit 57.2 mph. We had a significant tailwind on that one, so the whole downhill averaged 39.5 mph for *ten miles* (it was the same day the KOM was set, for the record). The best part was the junior keeping up with us on a 50-14 because he outweighed us all by thirty lbs.
"What do you mean you're not happily married and don't have a job making $150K / yr yet? Jesus, what a failure you are."
Take pictures of everything. I had a rental company claim that I broke mirrors in every room (turns out this is a common theme with the company). They wanted $300+ per mirror. I showed them the pictures I took the day I moved out, and they refunded every penny of my security deposit.
Thank you for the clarification! This is why you guys are here!
Some companies will close the card if you're not using em every so often. Maybe set up auto payment and rotate buying one item per month on each card?
CU Boulder alum here. I currently live in Boulder and work just outside. One of my best friends is at KU. First off, what are you planning on studying? CU will cost you about 2.5 - 3.0x as much as an instate school. I cannot even stress how much money that is. CU's first year is $51,000 a year. You can live cheaply and come in a little bit under their estimated expenses after that, but it doesn't change the fact that tuition is $35,000 a year. I know several people whose entire college cost less than that $35K. Then, add on the fact that Boulder has an incredibly high cost of living. Rent starts at about $600 / mo per person plus utilities, whereas my good friend in Lawrence is paying $320 + utilities. CU Boulder estimates a bachelor's costs $120,000 for out of state. You may be thinking, "But I'll get a good job making $100K when I graduate!" Unless you've got a PE in aerospace, you'll make much, much less and then realize that you have insane loan payments. $120K in loans is a minimum of $1300 a month, meaning you would need to make $50-55K to even stay afloat [I know that doesn't sound like a lot, but remember that's above the median income in the US for everyone]. As a resident and alum, please feel to contact me with specific questions. Good luck, whichever school you choose! edit: ugh, words. spelling.
Another positive vote for the TCR. My first bike was the 2007 TCRC2. Solid, solid bike. Dependable and no issues. I'm much harder on bikes now, but it was a solid bike.
Nope, it had literally all moved over to facebook by the time that happened.
Well, you saw what happened with the Jar Jar = Sith fan theory. Basically happened.
I was walking home from class and overheard this conversation (cell phone): "I KNOW you already put the money in this month. I spent it." "Well, it doesn't go that far! [Our sorority] threw a party." "I know, but it was my turn to buy!" "Not that much... like two grand?" "Yeah, we did two grand of coke, mom. Don't talk down to me like that! Just put the money in my account! Why do you have to be such a bitch about it?"
Having worked at an OG, I can tell you that you would not want real food cooked by our line.
With that much money, I bet they were buying the good stuff: Mexican coke in bottles.
There would be, except they don't use computers because the Lizard Overlords can tap you communications. Duh.
Wow, that is an absolutely lovely bike. I have to be honest: my favorite thing about the Tarmac SL5 is the seatpost junction. Hawt.
Yeah, I had that same thought - 340w for 30 min isn't crazy (don't forget, they're at altitude - about 4500'). I was thinking and thought, oh, that's only 12% higher than me, and he's a big dude! Theeeeen I realized, Tejay is only 13% above that guy. So. That 12 percent is starting to feel pretty unimaginable.
Both Justin and Cory are pretty high up on the list of dudes I would not want to race...
They would be way better if they talked about ringy-dingies and sweet,sweet refunds.
You can't afford it, and neither can your family. You may need to borrow with student loans. While study abroad is an amazing experience, it can be incredibly financially taxing. That is a hard reality and you need to consider whether it is even an option before you can consider whether it would be worth it. Source: took loans for my own American uni and have spent 5 years *aggressively* paying it off.
Online isn't the worst case, especially with an IT position. I'm sure you've thought of that, but just ensure it's not a for-profit school. There are a couple of state schools I know of that have very high quality online programs (MBAs, MS, and BS-CompSci come to mind).
I believe that if your work provides a computer, you can't deduct it. Similarly, I also think you'd had to come up with another $5200 in deductions to break even on the $6500 standard deduction.
/r/legaladvice. I doubt there will be. Tell your roommate that you will both lose your deposit if he doesn't do a better job cleaning? Or, even better, explain to your landlord that you and your roommate had an agreement that you would each clean your respective spaces, and have the landlord take the money to clean it out of his portion of the deposit? Joint and several likely means you'd just be better off cleaning up his crap. Or, guilt trip him into it. Your call.
I worked in physical therapy for a while. BS, physiology (emphasis exercise science) and CSCS. When someone says 'steroids', they could mean a number of things. Common parlance means *anabolic* steroids. Anabolic means muscle-building. Those are the steroids that bike racers pop hot for. They are illegal and banned for many, many reasons. Many times, dopers are taking 100-1000x a clinical dose of these drugs, so their side effects are massive. In the worst case scenario, tendons become so frail that they rip. In fact, that's a dead giveaway in bodybuilding: if someone has tendon rupture, they're juicing. There are many other side effects, and you've heard of them: hairy women, boobs on men, small testicles, and those are the *pleasant* ones, because they won't kill you. Guaranteed cancer is pretty much the endgame for those drugs. Now, you're also talking about steroids for anti-inflammatory? Well, same thing as above - the steroids we use range from corticosteroids (cortisol being the one most common) to inhaled steroids (Symbacort/Formoterol, Advair, Flovent/Fluticasone). The short answer is that there are approximately *hella* side effects. Everything from mood swings to acne to bloating. The other problem is that a lot of people don't respond well to corticosteroids. A certain percentage of people are allergic, and then a lot of issues aren't inflammation related. As a rough estimate, 30% of people who had a cortisone injection (meaning that they were good candidates: their injury looked like it would respond, it fit their treatment pattern, and the doc chose to administer it) did not respond. Comparatively, NSAIDs are almost no-risk. The only side effect of ibuprofen is that a clinical dose for an extended period can cause stomach ulcers. They are relatively effective for 90% of people, and they're cheap. They're incredibly easy to administer. Cycling injuries tend to be severe and chronic, however. They build for a long time before a cyclist chooses to pay attention to them, so they'll take a long time to go away. To top it off, cyclists aren't going to stop cycling long enough for the injury to heal. Frankly, we probably should be more ready to use cortisol in young, healthy cyclists. However, doctors that you and I have access to will be reluctant because it's a tradeoff. High level sports docs attached to sports teams will often be much more ready to throw cortisol at an athlete, since they understand longevity is not a concern but immediate performance is. TL;DR: Tons of side effects. Docs want to try conservative first.
Wow, jeeze, put an NSFW tag on those photos, they're so hot. :-D
They do throughout the entirety of the US. Chiropractors are licensed and insured as a medical professional.
&gt; I am not a tinfoil hatter. Sounds like something someone with a tinfoil hat would say!!!! Just kidding. Thanks for the info.
Similar thing at an sports sunglasses company [in CO]! My friend was the marketing director for three years. Under her tenure, they grew by 200% and she was raking in clients. A combination of her business sense and personality had won them tons of contracts. She was fired for not 'suiting the company image' and was replaced by someone younger, prettier, and skinnier. Two years out, their company's sales were 120% of what they had been when the friend had started (down from 300%).
Hah, solid story. We have this crazy overbearing tech guy. I brought an Apple keyboard into work because I type TONS of emails each day and I just type faster on a clicklet-style keyboard over the $10 plastic Microsoft ones the company issues. Later, my IT guy needed to add a service to my computer. He apparently didn't like the keyboard and started ranting against Apple products. He said they were poor quality and didn't work. He also said that if it were to break, he wouldn't be able to support it. I told him that I appreciate it, but it was working fine and had been for six months. He said fine, and that since we were allowed to use our own keyboards, I could keep it. I come in the next day to find that that the keyboard wouldn't register keystrokes. I had another IT guy troubleshoot it, and the logs showed that Grumpy IT Guy had remoted into my machine and removed the drivers for the keyboard, then turned off my ability to install new drivers (which happens automatically when a new USB device is installed). This apparently takes quite a bit of extra work in Active Directory. TL;DR: He said he hates Apple products because they break, so he removed the drivers from my computer to break it. I found out weeks later that two people in my company had seen my keyboard and had brought their own in, so he was punishing me.
Please note that MB and Mb are different units. MB is megabyte, as in 1024 kb. Mb is megabit, as in 128 kb. So 15 MB is 8x as fast as 15 Mb is 10x as fast as 1.5 Mb. 15 MB, or 120 Mb, is very fast, but not crazy fast. OP, please also note that many companies advertise UP TO xx speed. Comcast has since stopped, as they got in trouble for advertising UP TO 100 Mbps when they were really supplying 50 Mbps with a once-per-10-minutes 10-second bump to 100 Mb.
On reddit, two returns displays as a carriage return (white space). Good luck in your search. File for unemployment and report them to the labor board. Stay in contact with that deputy.
&gt; unless she pays him Unless she pays him *what*? An arbitrary sum of money? Past due wages? That seems to be the crux. INAL. Sorry for no more info.
Coworker (actually, our IT manager... whooops) was affected. Said he interrupted them when he saw his monitor moving on its own. Again, they went straight for his PayPal. They deposited about $750 - unsure as to the endgame, but he has a verified business account. I wonder if they were trying to sieze it somehow. As a note, paypal's user agreement basically says that you have to tell them your account was compromised, NOT that your computer was hacked. If it's your fault they gained access, paypal will wash their hands of you. Seems like a very common theme with that company. They also had set his emails to be forwarded to a Russian server. They installed a ton of malware, as well. Be vigilant guys! edit: My work computer has TeamViewer installed. I do tech support, so we remotely connect to our machines in the field. Our IT team has reminded everyone that they are working on fixing it, but that **saved passwords are a TERRIBLE idea** on a work computer.
Oh man. It's a reminder of how horrible the crucifixion actually was. The nails were [probably through Christ's wrists](http://www.catholicplanet.com/articles/article16.htm) (I know that's a biased article) instead of his hands. That's just how crucifixion works. Same thing with his ankles instead of his feet. The bones aren't really very good at bearing weight, but the tendons through your ankles and wrists? Super strong. Similarly, to speed up the process, victims would be speared in the ribs. It would collapse a lung. Because of their posture, they would have to pull themselves upwards (by their wrists and ankles) to help breathe, or they would suffocate. To stop this, Romans would then [break your legs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crucifixion). Ultimately, on the cross, you died of *suffocation* well before you died of anything else. Generally, the whole process was pretty miserable.
My understanding is that a crucifix is a image of the cross, with or without Jesus on it?
If you're Orthodox, same thing, except the cross also includes a couple of signs. One [above his head](http://biblehub.com/matthew/27-37.htm) that said, "Here is Jesus, King of the Jews (Matthew 27:37)" or "Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews (John 19:19)." Often abbreviated as INRI: "Iesus Nazarenus Rex Iudaeorum". Interesting how Catholics can make this boring.
That's really missing the point of using the cross. Read up on The Passion. The whole idea is summarized in the most trite Bible verse of all time: "For He so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son (John 3:16)." Jesus *willingly* went to the cross. He knew that he was going to be mocked and executed in a horrible, horrible fashion, yet he went anyway. Yet he chose to do it of his own accord. That is the whole point of the Passion. The empty tomb, the Resurrection, that's all icing on the cake.
Similar things have been said [about Christmas Day](http://www.history.com/topics/christmas/history-of-christmas). The Bible reports that it was [probably during the spring](http://www.biblicalarchaeology.org/daily/biblical-topics/new-testament/how-december-25-became-christmas/) because shepherds were tending their flocks, so it's pretty common to believe that the Dec 25th date grew out of coincidence with solstice.
My mom. "So, I said, yeah, that's the thing. I said, it's a really nice house. I said, it's got new cabinets." Also, "You know..." No. If I knew, you wouldn't be TELLING ME. The best part about it: she yells at my grandmother for saying, 'you know.' It bothers her and she's the worst in the ENTIRE WORLD at it.
YOU EFFING MONSTER. WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME.
That might be the difference between a company and law. Most companies in my state will pay you for work comp issues (eg, going to the appointments), even though it's not required. My company, which ironically was a work comp doctor's office, said they would pay me to attend my appointments. My supervisor wouldn't okay it until he saw the HR documents instructing me to do so.
Oh no. That's actually one of the more reasonable things that Paypal does. They are notorious for siding with customers (scammers) in eBay disputes. For example, someone buys a computer and pays for it via Paypal. You ship them the computer. They receive it, dispute it, ebay/paypal yanks the money from your BANK ACCOUNT and refunds it to the scammer. Scammer ships back a cement block with tracking. They literally just stole your computer, and paypal's arbitration clause means you have zero recourse. None. Zero. Zip. You can have a [police officer offer an affidavit that they didn't ship it back](http://www.aboutpaypal.org/affidavits-police-paypal-sides-scammer/) and paypal will still side with the scammers.
(US only): Obviously, the time is passed, but DEPARTMENT OF LABOR! They'll owe you damages for every day you don't have a check in your hand.
"What is technically legal and shady as ****?" You: "Protecting our property from criminals." You're correct. You don't have to stop. If it's a hassle, you can just walk out. That's why it's very infrequently a hassle.
"I want you to lend me an unspecified about of money, for an unknown period of time, to be used as I see fit. You will likely get no collateral." "OK, great. We'll charge you 1.9% per month on that." Seems pretty fair to me.
Technically illegal if they lay someone off first. They get around this by saying that the international citizen is performing services that the prior employee couldn't do. That could be saying, "Oh, the Indian rep does tech support AND knows Java," they provide a service that the prior employee did not. Therefore, legal. Yeah, big companies are frequently on the top of the shady-AF list.
Believe it or not, Wal*Mart, the most evilest of companies, did a decent job of bringing check cashing companies down a notch. They will cash a paycheck for $5 up to ($3,0000)? And like $15 after that? They are pretty strict on whom they'll cash from, but probably not much more strict than Charlie's Check Cashing down the street. Plus, a prior check cashing means you'll pretty much never have to worry again. But yeah, screw payday loans. My parents make a ton of money (~$160K together) and are still working to get out of payday loans.
'Convenience' fees. Well, a $15.50 fee on a $45.00 sure as shit isn't very 'convenient' for me, AXS Tickets, who happen to own Red Rocks. -.-
Not being an ass: why? I thought that was a reasonable option. My 88 year old grandma, for example, married a man whose health is failing. They need constant care and so they hired a caretaker using a reverse mortgage. The terms seemed fair, and it's getting them care no one else would be able to afford otherwise. They can also stay in her home for the rest of her life.
I didn't know that! Have an upvote.
Jesus. $12,000 security deposit. o.0 Keep talking to that lawyer. This is way too complex for online advice, and the amount likely disqualifies it from small claims court. If the house is unlivable due to construction, you might be able to get out of the lease with no penalty.
&gt; shouldn't be influencing the race. That's every field I've ever raced, all along the mountain time zone and west cost. The ref here reminds us that lapped riders 'may not influence the race'. Similarly, he would let the pro women warm up in the Bs / 2-3 field if they wanted, same rule: don't influence the race.
Great. That's exactly what I needed to read as I'm about to drop 300% of face value to see this Lumineers at Red Rocks this week.
I have heard this as well.
Great deal. As has been mentioned, the Allez is one of the best bikes for the money. Most modern saddles are designed to sit flat. I would recommend a set of bicycling shorts with pads (chamois) and maybe some chamois lube (Chamois Butter, Butt Butt'r, etc). If you don't want to look like a roadie (totally kosher), buy a pair of 'baggies'. They have spandex with a pair of shorts underneath. See you out on the roads.
Wall of text warning. Let me start by saying that I did everything *wrong* and then figured out how to do it right. **0) Find out what you want to study.** That sounds really easy. I promise it's not. I recommend STEM of some sort. Computer science is a really good idea. Business isn't a bad idea if you're not opposed to getting an MBA (expensive) and have tons of people and leadership skills. Those can be refined, but they can't be taught. If you're numerically and scientifically inclined, engineering is probably the best way to go. It will be the most miserable four years of your life, but the rest of your life will be a cakewalk if you do it right. **1) Start out at a community college.** The first two years of most majors* will be pretty similar: basic English, basic history, philosophy, etc. They call these 'core' classes. My school also referred to freshman and sophomore classes (100 and 200 level) as 'lower level'. Most state schools will accept an associates' degree, which community colleges offer, as completing all of your core lower divisions. Watch out for science (eg, engineering). Sometimes you take classes in the first two years that also count for your major; you would have to still take those (eg, calc 3). Another awesome thing is that my community college offers 'guaranteed transfer' classes. These are usually things like what I mentioned above: Bio 101, ENG 110, PHIL 110, etc. They are promised to transfer to the exact same course at a state university. So, Bio 111 at community college is worth Bio 1110 at flagship state school. Let me belabor this point for a moment: One semester of tuition at my community college was $1400. One semester at my flagship state school was $5500. Frankly, I had a better experience at the community college because of how much smaller the classes were. Plus, since I was taking 200-level courses, the students were shockingly dedicated – my microbiology and pathophysiology courses were the most prepared students I ever studied with, and that includes master’s level pre-med students. **1.5) Plan your degree.** My university offered something called a Degree Audit. I suggest you actually find a list of courses required for your major. For example, my university would break their requirements down into subsections and then you had to [get certain number of hours from each subsection](http://www.colorado.edu/artsandsciences/student-resources/core-curriculum/written-communication). As you saw from the link, I can get my Written Communication credits from any of those courses. Turns out, I needed to take IPHY 1950, Scientific Writing for my degree anyway. Therefore, if I'd taken WRTG 1100 Extended First-Year Writing and Rhetoric, I would still have to take IPHY 1950, regardless. Therefore, be smart about what classes you can take. If you spend an extra 6-8 hours a semester planning your courses, you can save yourself a semester or two (at $5000 a semester , that’s a pretty good hourly rate) and get a killer schedule (community college: All classes Tuesday / Thursday. It was a 10 hour day, but I had 5 days a week off). **2) Apply for scholarships and FAFSA.** You must apply for FAFSA to receive federal loans. You’re likely to get screwed, since you said that your family is in the picture. FAFSA assumes everyone lives in a nice, Stepford-wives neighborhood and your family will contribute like 30% of their annual income to your schooling. Unfortunately, I’ve personally experienced that isn’t the case. So plan on receiving zero federal aid. You won’t be independent for FAFSA purposes until you’re 24, married, or a couple other hard-to-find exemptions. The next best thing, of course, is to apply for scholarships. I am a white male from an upper middle class family, so I certainly had limited options. Still, I got two scholarships ($1,000 / yr for one paper, because no one else applied) and $750 / yr for books. Wasn’t a lot, and I eventually lost the big one because I’m an idiot, but hey, it saved me $3,000. Scholarships don’t just come from your school – they can also come from your church and your community. Note on student loans: they aren’t the end of the world. Subsidized student loans are at 3.2% in some cases. That’s a phenomenal rate. Other loans are 5.8%; that’s decent. But if you take out more than a specific number, which hopefully you won’t need to, they will be at 6.8% or higher. That’s not a great rate. If you can work and still take classes, it will minimize your cost of living. **3) Work in a lab / gain experience.** Look on Craigslist / glassdoor in your field of choice. Search for 'entry level'. What do you find? Well, the salary sucks, and people STILL want you to have 1-3 years' experience in your field. Sure, you could BS it and say, 'Oh, I took Chem 111 and 112, so I have a year's experience in a lab!' No you don't. What they want is for you to have taken on projects. For example, I did three semesters of paid work in a BIO lab. I was getting paid $10 / hr, which was terrible for how complex the work was, but I learned a ton and was offered $15 to continue at that lab. Turns out I took a job for $11 / hr anyway, because I was trying to get into PT school. Similarly, my school has a phenomenal aerospace program. Why? Well it's certainly not because the school teaches the kids anything that other schools can't. That'd be ridiculous. Instead, our engineering programs have REALLY strong ties to employers with great internships. The aerospace program basically has your last year or 3 semesters be interning at Ball Aerospace, Lockheed, or Raytheon. In fact, one of my friends just finished his master's with an internship at one of those companies. They hired him on at $80K at year. Not bad for a 24 year old. **4) It isn't *all* about the money.** Sure, engineering sounds great, making $80K a year, and sure, an MBA sounds great to make $100K a year. But I know an MBA that worked 70 hours a week through his late 20s to get to making that in his mid-thirties. Fun fact, he still works about 55 hour weeks on average, and travels about two weeks a month. Is it worth it? I can't tell you that. A job that seems really rewarding is definitely worth a small paycut, but unfortunately job satisfaction doesn't pay the bills. **5) Consider the military.** If you don’t know what you want to do… consider enlisting. I know it’s not an option for a lot of kids, but it really should be. My highschool didn’t ask whether I was going to college; they asked * where* I was going to college. They asked the same thing of my brother, and ridiculed him when they found out he was enlisting. Funny thing is, he’s five years younger than me and makes about $200 / yr less than I do. His base salary is miserable ($26K) BUT they pay a $1300 / mo housing stipend. Well, guess what my housing costs? About $1100. So even though his salary sucks, he actually effectively makes the same amount as I do – only difference is, his stipend isn’t taxed! Plus, he’ll have the GI bill when he gets out. All said and done, he’ll come out about $500K ahead, once you consider the GI bill, my cost of loans, the extra money he made sooner (he’s five years younger), and benefits from military service. **6) Lean on your parents if possible.** If you can live with them during your community college, that will save you a ton of money. Same thing during university. I spent about $10,000 / yr to live in my college town because I couldn’t deal with the stigma of living with my parents in the next town over. I had to work to cover that, and so my grades dropped, and I probably got kicked out because of it. Still, living right next to the college is REALLY nice, but so is having your parents foot a $100K tuition bill. Might not happen. If you DO have a support system, even if they haven’t saved yet, ask your parents if they would be willing to pay your rent. You would get a part time job in a lab or on campus to pay for food and utilities, but it would allow you to focus on your studies to much more! Or whatever. Worth a shot. Final note: I found out my junior year that my flagship state school offered a 'combined bachelors/masters program' in many of their degrees. You spend five years and get a bachelors at four years and then a masters at five. That's pretty freakin solid, because it's 1) way easier to get into than standalone masters programs and 2) way cheaper, plus 3) you've already built a relationship with your professors and students. Problem is, you have to apply your sophomore year and need to have a 3.5 to apply. Your mileage may vary, but it's a great way to increase your starting options (eg, MBA would be insanely awesome). Last thing: semantics. A university is a four-year school that offers bachelors as well as graduate degrees (masters, PhDs) is composed of multiple colleges. A college is a single school at a university, or could be standalone. For example, my university had the College of Engineering and the College of Arts &amp; Sciences. They also have the College of Business. Sorry for the wall of text. This is very close to my heart and one of the most important issues on PF.
Depending on the race, the women would be asked to exit the race with 5 to go (crit). If it was a small crit or the ref knew the racer (one of our gals was very, very high level) he would simply instruct her to stay out of the way and she would.
To each their own. My strength is in interpersonal skills. My girlfriend is the same as yours- she's a process engineer who works in ChemE and is really struggling on *teaching* people. To quote her: "Why don't they know it already?"
I witnessed one of those, too. Groom apparently banged a bridesmaid the night before and the morning of. Yeah, 18 year old niece of the bride. Poor little niece told the bride a few months later. Last I heard, they were separated.
Not taking it and writing it down is fraud and a very, very big deal for a medical professional.
Because it's slower on tarmac. Pavement either has traction or it doesn't. Roadies race on slicks, not knobbies. Digging in the knobs doesn't help a roadie corner. A pro-level roadie will be cornering absolutely as hard as physics allows. That's why they low-side if they mis-read anything about the corner.
Great advice. Man, I can't wait to get that $50K limit. I was stoked when I saw that it'd gone from $2500 to $4000 last week! :-P
Does a bank keep records for eight years? Yes. Yes absolutely they do. If you must use SunTrust, go in and inquire about the balance on your old account. It's probably closed and 'written off' (as a loss). I doubt they will do business with you anymore. It's worth a shot, but you might need to look at someone besides SunTrust.
It may be worth heading over to Discover's Free FICO score to see if you have a chance. If you're struggling with credit, grab a secured credit card (Capital One and Discover It both have no annual fees). You put a $200 downpayment on a $200 credit limit (or whatever number works for you). Put one small thing, say Spotify or Netflix on there, and set the card to autopay. Your credit will build steadily. Good luck fighting the good fight!
Frankly, not worth the effort. At this point, it seems like a matter of pride. Your limits are already pretty high. As your income increases, you will be offered more credit. Otherwise, keep on living your life.
Medication could have been anesthesia or something. Also, dispute the validity of the debt. The collection agency will show you whatever paperwork they have. If they don't have solid paperwork, they legally have to stop contacting you. That paperwork should include Date of Service and details. From there, you can take it up with the dentist.
&gt; Buy a monocle Definitely *do not* skip that step. Just so it's not a snarky post, the wiki applies to OP, but not the first few steps. You've already completed those. The next steps are to be saving for retirement and any other major purchases, such as a house. As mentioned, max your 401(k) and start looking for other tax-advantaged ways to save for retirement. 401(k)s, Roth IRAs, Backdoor IRAs. You'll need to get good at them. Most people spend decades trying to get where you are now. Congrats (hence the monocle joke). Keep fighting the good fight.
Spend your time figuring out *why* they have your money on lockdown. Normally, it's because of questionable transactions - withdrawing money immediately, transferring to questionable bank accounts, stuff like that. WHY are they not letting you access your money?
This is a poker game. You don't want to show your hand and your former employer has already showed one of his cards. Unfortunately, by responding, you also show one of your cards (that you're even interested). Respond with something like, "Hello [Boss], thanks for the email. I'm interested in hearing about the position. As you know, I enjoyed my time with your company but was not satisfied with the administrative tasks, rather than being utilized to my potential. I would enjoy meeting to discuss the position and what each of us can offer." Re-word that however you'd like. Know that since you've worked for him before, it's a pretty good foot in the door. Be honest and straightforward, but do NOT talk down on your current employer. As far as he knows, you're perfectly happy there but you want to come back for the allure of the technical work. Also, you do expect a pay raise to be in the middle of the range for that technical position, since you are already experienced with the company and (hopefully) well qualified. He will save a lot of money by having an experienced employee return. Also, don't be afraid to walk away. He might figure that he paid you less before, you might be willing to take less again. Don't settle, since you have a small upper hand. Be realistic, however (eg, if the position pays $40-$50K, say you want $45-$47, not $55).
&gt; Can 2 different fico scores really be 87 points apart? Yes. First off, there are 9 different versions of the FICO score. The newest one, FICO9, gives less emphasis to delinquent medical debt. It also weighs delinquent but paid off accounts better than delinquent and unpaid accounts. Secondly, many times, it's not a real FICO score. I *believe* the Discover is a real FICO, which up to this point had been paid service, or bundled as a cardholder perk. Finally, there are three different credit companies that keep track of your information: Equifax, Transunion, and Experian. If you had a negative remarked reported to one but not another, it would show up on some services but not others. You can pull a hard copy of your report from each of the three services and see if you do, or you can use Credit Karma to get a soft pull and get TU and Equifax right there. Credit Karma will alert you if you have negative marks. Finally, practical advice. You opened a new credit card (hard inquiry) and you probably reported a balance on that card. Both of those things could negatively impact a new credit score. A new credit score (a thin file) would be the only way that you're going to experience an 87-point drop in three weeks. Finally, you're simply watching it too closely. Make sure there's nothing on there you didn't know about. If there are negatives, work to get them removed. From there, pay your credit card on time, in full every month. The score will come, and will only get better as you pay off loans.
Remember that the 'Forgiven' part (240 payments, usually) is treated as taxable income. You will have one year with a taxable income in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. I would recommend saving for that point.
Second question first. Nope, charging more doesn't improve your credit score faster. Using &lt;10% will keep your score as high as possible. High utilization could cause your score to drop temporarily. 3.75% is low enough that it might not be worth paying off too quickly. If you're confident that you can get a better return somewhere else, take your money somewhere else. If you have the money, it might be worth paying up to 22% or whatever the number is so your PMI comes off. Past that, money is general better off somewhere else.
The same way you pay off any debt - highest interest rate first. Take all of the extra money you can spare and throw it at this debt. Read the [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) for a rundown, but make sure your retirement contributions are getting the max contributions, make sure you have an emergency fund, and then throw all your spare pennies at the debt. The subsidized loans are likely below 5%. Once you get through the unsub, you may be better off investing that money somewhere else rather than paying down loans below 5%. That somewhere else may be the market by maxing your 401(k) contributions or whatever other financial goals you are pursing.
There is only one pitfall and trap for a credit card: paying interest. The APR doesn't matter because you will be paying everything off before it earns interest. You will pay your card off, in full, every month. If you can't afford to do that, don't use the card. Interest, even if only 20.24% (some cards have 25%), will bury you faster than you could possibly comprehend. One option is to charge everything to the card and then pay it off throughout the month so it doesn't report high utilization and so you don't get behind. Other than that, just pay at least your minimum (if you haven't gathered, pay the balance in full) every month and your credit will improve. Don't worry about increases - may take six months, and it only helps your score a little bit.
Forgive me if I'm misunderstanding the question, but isn't that how home ownership works? If you buy a new house, the buyer ('s bank) gives you the money for the loan, which goes straight to your bank cutting you a bigger check for the next house?
The [Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has some good information. 0) Figure out what you owe and to whom. There are a TON of fees and costs and everything else. Find them all, keep track of them, and make sure they get paid. 1) Get a secured credit card. You put down $200 or so to get a $200 credit limit. Capital One Secured Mastercard and Discover It secured both have no annual fee, so you can leave it open for a while. Buy one small thing a month and set it to autopay. Your credit doesn't improve faster by spending more money. Never carry a balance, because then you'll owe 23% APR interest. 2) Spend as little as possible. I like the expression I saw on the front page today: Don't spend and save what's left over; save first and spend what's left over. Get those bills paid at the beginning of the month and try to save enough that you have a 3-month emergency fund. It's going to be really daunting at first, especially trying to get back on your feet, but after living paycheck to paycheck for 7 years, I can tell you it's wonderful to *know* that you will be able to pay rent, regardless of this or that. 3) See #1. 4) Don't get a fancy phone. Don't own a car if you can avoid it. Get onboard with Mint or YNAB (You Need a Budget), which track your spending and put it in little graphs. If you can't have a phone yet, paper is better because you have to write down every little transaction and you see how much you're actually spending. Cook meals at home. Get into cheap hobbies (running, hiking, videogames, all very cheap after initial investment). 5) I'm not sure if your community offers scholarships or programs, but I would bet they do. Start off at a community college, which is about a third the cost per semester of a state school. More on that later. Apply for scholarships - ex con going straight makes a hellova personal statement. Depending on your convictions and history, you might not get federal aid and some universities won't take you. 6) If Applebee's has a 401(k), contribute enough to get their match. For example, my company offers a 50% match up to 4% of my salary. I contribute 8%, they contribute 4%, I get free money. 7) Steady jobs are really the best. Construction and such if you're skilled, stores if you're not. Check out Craigslist "Gigs" and see if you have any skills that are useful. Remember those are 1099 "Independent Contractor" so you have to pay tax at the end of the year on gigs / non W-2. 8) Avoid it if you can. Save up as much as you can, preferably several grand. Throw that at a dependable car with few miles. If you can own it outright, you save yourself TONS of money on payments. Makes it way easier to get on top of things. Good luck. Keep your head up. It DOES get easier, and you do go forward. I know the process and I promise you that once you get past all the red tape and get it behind you, you're good.
Nope. No better option. Put it in a savings account. That 1.2% is pretty good; sometimes you'll get 1% at the most. You simply need the money too soon to do anything with it. Almost anything else has too much risk and variability (eg, what if we find out that China's been messing with currency and the market takes a dump like it did in August 2015 or Feb 2016 - 15-20% loss in one day).
Tell him the truth: your apartment may not accept him if his credit history is poor. Yes, the missed payments would have hurt BIL. In fact, they probably hurt him more than they hurt his dad, since his dad probably has an established credit history. Missing a car payment isn't the end of the world, and it may only show if he missed several. Check Credit Karma.com and see how they reported to BIL's credit.
Keep in mind there are three credit reports - Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion each maintain separate credit histories. Your dad can sign up for Credit Karma and monitor two of them with only soft pulls. If there's nothing on any of them, the debt collector has no right to contact you. Send them, in certified writing, a letter demanding they cease contact. If they don't, and continue to contact you, that is a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, which carries a penalty of $1,000 per infringement. You can record them (California is a two party consent state - you must state that they are being recorded, or it is illegal, even if it's a recording calling you). After that, figure out who is trying to collect, and sue them into the ground. Judges don't like this sort of shenanigans and you have nothing to lose, assuming this debt is actually as old as you think.
A real job is really the best option. Even a couple hours tutoring or fast food will likely pay better than MTurk or UHRS. I did have some success with UHRS last summer, which was paying about $15-20 per hour, which also happened to be about as much as I could work. The system didn't allow much more in their quality standards. Remember that 1099 jobs ('gigs') often require taxes be paid at the end of the year - even if you're making $15 an hour, it's equivalent to $10 because of your taxes.
If they are offering you something, you could probably get better rates by going with another company, simply because they're not the cheapest. Your credit union or the bank you already use may give you a 'loyalty' rate that is .2-.5% lower than what you would get otherwise. As a general rule, responding to bulk mailings isn't a great idea. They have to pay for it some how - and that's usually by being very profitable.
&gt; Asking to be named as additional insured is common. I think the question is that the landlord is asking to be named as beneficiary?
Would the business-friendly way of describing that condition be 'refurbished'? NAL - I would recommend against describing them as anything but. I would be pretty pissed if a computer that had no mention of condition showed up used.
First off: Keep fighting the good fight. Don't feel bad about not doing everything by the book - you're still making massive strides forward, and you're so much better off than the average American. Secondly, I'm in a similar boat. After paying over $10K in student loans this year, I've realized that I still have another $20K to go before I will be able to meet the &lt;42% debt-to-income ratio test for a mortgage, and THEN I still need to save a downpayment. What I do is print Credit Karma's graph of my 'net worth' every month and hang it on my wall. Definitely makes those 50% salary payments easier to see (even if I have to zoom in a little to see the line move! v.v ) Is affordable housing an option? My county and state offer down payment matching if your income and assets are below a certain number and your credit is good. There are two or three different plans, including requiring no down payment or the state subsidizing your loan. Definitely look into it. For two people, income cap is about $75K for me ($52 one person). Some of those loans are moderate-high - is your credit good enough that you can refinance the highest four down to 4.5 or 5%? There are several lenders who might be able to do that. If you could do it without fees, you could save a few grand there, which is a couple of months' payment. Finally, you've probably already considered living in a rented house for a while, but to me, that may be the best option to keep you sane while throwing that money down a bottomless pit.
&gt; Income tax is the same for W2 and 1099 employees. That is my understanding, but then since most 1099 employees don't set aside their own withholdings, they end up at ~20%+8% = 28% extra tax rate, depending on their tax bracket. 30% is a conservative estimate on what they'll be taxed.
This probably belongs in /r/legaladvice, and frankly, they'll probably tell you to take your case to an experienced lawyer.
It's a poker game. Also, jeeze, that's a huge range. $55K a year in SF is 'starve to death' territory. $95K is 'comfortable and maybe even buy name brand food.' If you say $75, they'll offer you $65. If you say $95K, they'll laugh at you and offer you what they think you'll take. Find out what other jobs in the area pay for your work and position. It's a bummer you don't have 5 years' experience - in the tech world, that's the magic number. Your age works against you, but handle yourself professionally and politely. Remember that the cost of living in Silicon Valley is un-sane, and you would be relocating to live there. Ask them to keep that in mind. Is the company nation-wide or does it operate solely out of California? A company with offices in Palo Alto and Detroit shouldn't pay two employees the same amount for living in different places. Four years' experience? Ask for 85K, maybe they'll offer you 75K?
Unemployment can take a long time to kick in. Not all emergencies terminate your employment - car accidents, medical emergencies, surprise bills.
Quit making excuses about how you can't job hunt. You said it yourself: you're going to be fired in the foreseeable future. It's always easier to find a new job when you're employed. When they ask why you're looking for something new, don't disparage your current employer. Word the reasoning however you want: you feel that a separation is imminent because of the nature of your project. Not lying. Get. A. New. Job. It's way easier when you're already employed and still on good terms with your boss. Also, stop spending money unnecessarily. Like you said, your living expenses are $2K / mo and you have $1K in savings. The math there doesn't bode well - it's time to be on the PB&amp;J diet until you're on solid footing.
Oh, god is that pedantic. It would be pretty dank if my roommate stopped running his coffee grinder at 0600 though. :-D I don't have much to say besides keep living your life. I live underneath two t-rexes. It wasn't bad until the upstairs apartment landlord refinished the apartment with nice hardwood. It looks great, but it doesn't sound as great. Don't let this bother you. There's nothing she can do because just be a generally shitty neighbor. I would go on the record stating that she is violating the rules by smoking, and anytime she says you may have broken the rules, deny it and point to her questionable personality. Consider that bridge burnt and move on.
That's a good question. I am not 100% sure. I *believe* you should be okay only using each card every few months (they say once a year to keep it open). Personally, I put Spotify ($7 / mo) on my emergency card and set it to autopay. I check that everything is good.
Nope. You basically have three weeks to pay after the cycle closes out. For me, it's: * May 1st - 31st, May billing cycle * June 1st, receive May bill * June 23rd, May bill due Interest for MAY purchases will start to accrue June 24th, so pay at least your STATEMENT BALANCE (eg, May bill) before then.
They'll also give you $150 for opening a Chase Freedom or Freedom Unlimited Card (requirement: spend $~~1000~~ $500 in the first 3 months). They'll give you $500 if you open a new Sapphire Preferred card ($4000 in the first 3 months). /r/churning has more info.
Well, first off, you make way more than most people your age. I would suggest using that. Your parents will likely help you cover food and you hopefully won't have rent. Keep that job as long as you can - $17.50 an hour doesn't come easy. Many of my friends, most of whom have degrees, are struggling to find more than $12-13 / hr. Then, work. $3500 / semester is totally reasonable. They'll give you a bill each semester, due by a specific date. Work with your financial aid department to pay it in three payments per semester. As for your car - you'll likely have to finance it. The sweet spot really tends to be about $10,000 or so - a couple year old 'econobox' with under 40-50K miles. Put as much down as you can (hopefully $3-5K - the more you put down, the lower your interest rate). Sounds like your parents are still supporting you. If that's the case, they should be able to cosign and bring the interest rate down, if they have good credit. Finally, don't forget to open a credit card - many banks have student credit cards with small limits and no fees. That's totally fine - charge one small thing every month and set it to autopay your whole balance every month. That, and your auto loan, will have your credit score pretty high real quickly. If you're smart, you could graduate with zero debt and make a lot of money. I would suggest doing that.
I would recommend putting a strong password on your computer and enabling hard drive encryption. If you need to know how to do that, it's quite easy as it comes with your OS and is only a very minor inconvenience. It will remove his ability to use your computer and definitely remove his ability to snoop through your files. Same with your phone. From there... politely remind him that you're prefer your space to remain yours. If he has concerns, he can text you before entering your space to borrow something.
If your name was not on the lease, and it wasn't, they can't come after you for her expenses. If the name WAS, that would be different story. You have rights as a person being pursued for a debt. Read up on the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Basically, you can request that they no longer contact you, as it's not your debt and you've confirmed it's not your debt. They are legally only allowed to contact you for her information. You are allowed to dispute, in writing within 30 days, the validity of the debt. Supposedly, there is a punitive fine of $1,000 for every time they violate this. INAL.
&gt; up to 168 hours per week New Manager: "Not enough! I hear that computers never sleep and we've gotta keep a leg up on them!"
Not a lawyer. [Minnesota Law](https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/?id=504b.178) &gt;(1) within three weeks after termination of the tenancy; ... return the deposit to the tenant, with interest thereon as provided in subdivision 2, or furnish to the tenant a written statement showing the specific reason for the withholding of the deposit or any portion thereof. He did not do this. You get it all back, default: &gt; 4.Damages. Any landlord who fails to: (1) provide a written statement within three weeks of termination of the tenancy; (3) transfer or return a deposit as required by subdivision 5, after receipt of the tenant's mailing address or delivery instructions, as required in subdivision 3, is liable to the tenant for damages in an amount equal to the portion of the deposit withheld by the landlord and interest thereon as provided in subdivision 2, as a penalty, in addition to the portion of the deposit wrongfully withheld by the landlord and interest thereon. No damages though. Write a letter informing him of the statute, that because of his failure to return your money or provide a statement of what/why he was witholding, he has forfeited any portion of your security deposit. Feel free to quote the statue. If he tries to mess around, small claims court will settle this quickly. Standard advice: save a copy of that letter and send it certified mail. Keep track of any further communication with him, preferably written.
Oh, good catch. OP, you could very possibly demand DOUBLE.
Used to work at a (CO) worker's comp office. If you hurt yourself at work, you notify your employer in writing. Soon - there is a timeline. Since they're a big chain, they will require you to sit down with HR and fill out paperwork. This is how it gets covered. They will ask you things like what happened, what you hurt, and if anyone saw it. From there, you will go to a (workman's comp) doctor's office. Their option of choice will be posted in your breakroom. Do NOT pay for it; tell them it's workman's comp and they will bill your insurance. This is kind of a 'general practitioner' of sorts; he will likely do x-rays if it's bad or send you to an orthopedist (specializes in muscle - skeleton injuries). Frankly, I don't think it is bad, if it doesn't continue to hurt. You cannot be fired or punished for filing the claim, but you can be fired if you miss work for the claim in an at-will state like mine. [More info](https://www.workplacefairness.org/file-workers-comp-kentucky) As for the breaks - that's another issue. Read up on your laws. My state has a statute that says we get a break *when possible*, meaning servers rarely get breaks. All of this information is legally mandated to be posted at your workplace, usually in the breakroom.
You could probably even give him this load as a courtesy and tell him to GTFO.
In most leases, it specifies that once it rolls month-to-month, it is still the original conditions of the lease. Read what is says about changing rent. But no, they cannot change your rent mid-month or retroactively. Make sure that they didn't send you mail.
If you ignore them, they could tow or boot your car.
Dude. You're his roommate. Sit him down and tell him to be an adult. If he can't produce the bill, you won't pay it, just like anything else. Also, you had agreement to pay half of $100 a month for cable. Not $200. If the change is from changes he made, he won't succeed in court.
&gt; They should have to pay me for the unused time by the last paycheck &gt; They have to pay me for the amount of PTO I've earned for next year (pro-rated)? Normally it will be included in your last paycheck. Make sure to clear that up, preferably in an email to HR (which you then print and store at home). Also, doesn't matter where 'corporate' is - your employment is governed by the laws in your state. By doing business is your state, including hiring employees in that state, they are subject to its laws.
Growing up in Colorado, it's actually a little easier. The columbine is our state flower, so we see it everywhere. There are hikes named Columbine, a city, parks, etc. We also have a license plate that says 'RESPECT LIFE' at the bottom. It took me a while to realize why it had a purple flower on it. Seven year old persondude was an idjit. On that note, it wasn't one person, but two - those fuckers really ruined shockrock. Marilyn Manson and Rammstein, to name a couple.
Well, it *is* really cold up there. Have you considered drinking to stay warm?
&gt; a debit card... a secured card is just about the same darn thing This is not true. A secured credit card is a credit card, while a debit card is a debit card. A credit card lends you the money, then sends you a bill at the end of the month. A debit card takes the money out immediately. Because of that, big transactions are often put on-hold until the account holder can be contacted to clear it (happened to me several times when buying $600 items on the internet). The difference between a secured and unsecured card is that the bank sits on your security deposit until you close the card, then gives it back.
I am not 100%, but I believe you can put down much more money and get a higher limit. Call them to be sure - as you mentioned, don't apply before you know it will work, or it will temporarily hurt your chances of getting a card. I wish I could be more help, but I only have a secured Visa with $200. By the way, it helped me rebuild - after 8 months with that card, I had a Chase Freedom with a $2500 limit, and exactly one year after I got it, they raised the limit to $4000. I imagine that if you have a higher income than me, which is likely, you could get a better limit eventually..
I know this feels like it's been beaten - but I want to put everything all together in one place. Utilization is reported to credit, which is used to calculate score. 1) Utilization is 'reset' every month, meaning this month's utilization will be overwritten by next month. 2) You paid it off before the statement date, so your utilization never got reported. Your credit will be not be negatively affected by this purchase. You are set. Keep making on-time payments, don't pay interest, and live a long and happy life! :-D
The [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has some really great advice. Actually, you already answered your own question: Take most of your bonus and put it in a savings account. This is your emergency fund. I know it's really tempting to treat yo self, but an emergency fund is so much more important than anything else. What happens if you have a surprise medical bill, you can't work for a bit, your car needs emergency repairs, or a family member gets trapped in Tijuana? Obviously, that's the point of an emergency fund. 3 months of *real* living expenses, including rent, food, car, cellphone, bills. Make a budget (which, conveniently, is step 0 of the wiki!). For me, it's about $1000 / mo - so my security blanket is $3,000. It should be more, but I'm aggressively paying off a 12% loan. Secondly - your student loans, at under $30K, are likely all federal subsidized. Calculate the interest rate combined, and the interest rate individually. If they're under 5%, your money may be better off used elsewhere. Some federal loans are 3.2%. That's great! Pay those off last - maybe even let them run to term. Your money may be worth more elsewhere. There are two pays to pay them down: snowball and avalache. Snowball, paying the smallest debt first, is slower and costs a bit more, but gives you the added emotional boost of paying off individual bills more quickly. Avalanche includes paying off the highest interest rate first. Since that isn't the smallest bill, it might take a bit longer before things start disappearing - but when they do, it's in the most cost-efficient way. Truly, with your income and the fact that you could probably pay $10K of them today and still have a 4 month emergency fund, I would say they won't be a problem for you. Your plan to pay off student debt is admirable - but, take two steps first. When you do start your new job, and they give you 401(k) election paper, look over it and contribute at least the max. For example, my company offers up to 4% match at 50%. So I contribute 8% of my salary, they contribute 4%, and I get 12% total, of which 1/3 is LITERALLY FREE. This is just about the only place in the world you'll ever find free money. Plus, it will likely be on the order of $3-4,000 / yr, tax free. From there, find out how much you can throw at student loans. I imagine that you'll be receiving about $2500 - $2700 every two weeks, so you should have about $2000 ish left over, somewhere on the order of $4K / mo. I'm no math expert, but it won't take you much more than 5 months to be entirely out of debt. The's phenomenal. From there, you start saving for your own goals: house, vacations, etc. From experience, I can tell you this requires a LOT of restraint right now. You can work really, really hard, and sit down and analyze your spending and stick to your budget, and own a house in three years. Or, you can get sloppy, say "I make a ton of money!" and *spend* a ton of money. Then, your loans will take a year, your house will take another five, and suddenly you'll wonder why you have tons of nice things but no money. I'm not saying 'never buy anything nice for yourself' - I'm just saying to watch out for the dreaded Lifestyle Creep. Good luck! Keep fighting the good fight! And hey - **congrats**. Remember all those times you stayed up late doing homework, you went to class when you'd rather be outside? IT JUST PAID OFF.
I know that Robinhood and the rest are appealing, but I think the best advice would be to invest over the longterm, it has proven to be the best and most reliable rate of return. Use your company's 401(k) or IRA, whichever they have, to contribute at least up to their match. For example, my company offers a 50% match up to 4% of my salary. If I contribute 8%, they contribute half of that, 4%, to 12% contributions total. This is simply the highest rate of return you'll ever get. That's an immediate, guaranteed, 50% return. You will likely never top that unless you win the lottery. Vanguard has really cheap index funds, but you'll need to use your company's provider. I was lucky to get Vanguard at my first company, but the new one uses a MUCH more expensive option. Look at the Target Retirement funds series. For example, I use VTTSX, which is retirement 2060. At the goal retirement date gets closer, the fun switches to less volatile investments (bonds) so it's less likely to lose value. Otherwise, it's a pretty normal index fund. It has a $1,000 minimum, so invest there.
Without knowing much more about your financial position, we can't help much. Also, what specifically is your question? You now have a high-interest checking account. Now, you need to start saving a ton. Go to the [FAQ] (https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)and get it figured out. Start at step 0: build a budget. (For the record, your checking returns 0.06% APY. If you were to leave a grand in there for 365 days, untouched, you would get a return of $6. Other places, like Ally, offer 1%, but really that's not what checking accounts are for.) You've got pretty of road ahead, but plenty of time to cover it. Brokerage is how you buy/sell stocks. You likely don't need to buy and sell stocks. How are you employed? Talk to HR and setup a retirement fund through them.
Check to make sure that they don't tack on a 1-3% fee for paying by CC. How long are you planning on staying? Average age of accounts is one of the things reported. I'm not sure how long you've been renting, or whether they would be able to report that as the start, but when you move out, it will report as 'PAID AS AGREED' for 2 years, or however long you lived there. If it's more than a couple of years, great. Ensure that you speak with them and mention that they will include ORIGINAL date of move-in as your Age of Account - for example, if you moved in three years ago, and have 6+ months left, that's a good thing. If you moved in 6 months ago, and will move out in 6 months, it won't hurt, but will pull your AAoA down. It is unlikely that adding more positive reports but decreasing your AAoA will hurt you at all, but it might limit your future score by a few points, at least until your old accounts become much older. Really your call. Read up on how FICO calculates that. Positive reports count a lot, but AAoA accounts for 15%: http://www.creditcards.com/credit-card-news/average-credit-account-age-fico-score-1586.php
/r/churning has more information, though these guys take this game pretty far and get points and miles. You don't have to close your WF account, from my understanding. Open a Chase account (which Chase Freedom or Freedom Ultimate) card, and get another $150 cashback on the card ($500 minimum spend in first 3 months). Read the fine print: it's usually 3 months of direct deposit, and sometimes a minimum time the account is open (&gt;6 months?). They may also require a minimum balance. Your call on if that effort is worth it. For the record, I have Chase for about 7 years, and they've been good to me. Tons of ATMs, so the ATM fee isn't a problem. I've overdrawn once, and called to chat. They returned it immediately as a courtesy, which apparently they can do every 6 months. I don't have any ridiculous fees since technically I have a student checking account. That and my credit card are my only accounts. Checking is easy and free. What else do people use bank accounts for?
I think they say 'recurring' direct deposits, which I understand to mean paycheck. The churners may know more. But jeeze - with $450 ($300 + $150 CC) on the line, it's not a bad plan, even if it takes 3 months.
DOE is nice because they have excellent options for repayment. Keeping the safety buffer is a really good idea. A 5.3% loan is pretty good, especially with the benefits that come from it. Also, my loan servicer for my DOE loans, Navient, offers a .25% permanent discount if I enroll in autopay.
I know you've tired of reading the wiki, but I'd say start with the FAQ: Ensure that you have an emergency fund that is 3-6 months. From there, pay off any high interest debts - credit cards, expensive loans, etc. Then, apply the money to your purposes. If you plan on returning to the US, you could use that money to retire. Otherwise, a good index fund would be worth it to jumpstart your retirement. I'm not familiar with German tax-advantaged plans, but remember that you'll need to become familiar with transferring money between.
My direct deposit allows me to split each deposit into multiple accounts (percentage). My company uses PayChex.
I managed a PT clinic in a different state from yours for a while. * Generally, you would be billed a copay for what you missed: eg, $50. This is most clinics, though it's conceivable they billed you for the entirety of the missed session. Getting ahold of a bill would be helpful. * $800 for four visits seems really extreme. We averaged $93 reimbursement per 40 minute appointment. Are you sure they aren't tacking on late and collection fees, etc? &gt; why would they let me schedule these appointments if my insurance would not cover it This has nothing to do with your insurance. Insurance will not pay for a visit you did not attend, yet the clinic paid their employees to be there, not working, because you bailed. Also, many, many people's insurance doesn't cover PT, or they have to meet a deductible before insurance will cover it. Either way, a medical provider is never *obligated* to bill insurance for you. They do it as a courtesy (and so they get paid faster). I would recommend requesting your records. You will have to fill out a HIPPA compliant release form, if not already in their intake paperwork. Ask for all records, including billing. They may charge you a [reasonable fee per page](https://www.dhs.wisconsin.gov/wisact146/medical-records-fee.pdf) which will likely be on the order of a dollar a page, expecting about 10 pages. Some clinics may supply the patient with records for free, depending on their policy (but remember - you already wasted a bunch of their money). Once you have the records, you could argue that you didn't attend visits 2-4 and therefore can't be billed $200 for them, but the cancellation fee of $50 / day or so (whatever clinic policy you probably signed and agreed to in your intake paperwork) will likely still apply. Worst case scenario, $200 COULD be their cancellation fee. That seems extreme. Also, if they won't send you records because your account is negative, you could probably walk in and ask for a copy of intake paperwork. They may ask why. I would recommend not telling them "I am trying to get out of a very expensive bill." Remember, they have every right to send you to collections, and you don't want that (especially if you're about to lose financial aid, wherein you might need your credit to apply for loans). Figure this out civilly - perhaps by offering to pay them, in cash, today, for the first appointment for getting the non-visits wiped.
Many schools, especially college-geared schools, will allow an option for to retake the course and fix the record. I got a D in a AP US History (and a 5 on the exam... hah!) my senior year. One of my colleges requested a 'personal statement'; the other two didn't care. It's not the end of the world. For the record, since you seem to care: I slacked off in math and history my senior year. Barely got through them, actually. I really paid for it in calc in college - I had to retake it twice (three times total). I really effed it up. Work hard now - it's not that much extra work, and college classes will go 4x faster than highschool.
Not a lawyer. Move on. The job isn't worth your time.
I know this has probably been moved to UK, but... &gt;faked my signature and said the parcel was left on the porch Why leave it on the porch is someone signed for it?
Yeah, I'd be pretty pissed if I ordered 100 MB service (800 Mb) and got 100 Mb service. that's the difference between 'for a small company' and 'for two or three tech people' speeds. If it's formal quote paperwork, I would imagine that you could lose agreements and have customers flake for a breach of contract on your side. Also, it's simply bad business. Small companies live and die on local reputations and word of mouth. Can you undercut management, go straight to a person who can make that change, and have them change it?
Some phones like the Blu Energy X have dual SIM card support. Two numbers will ring on one phone. Doesn't help your solution (ie, the app still needs to be installed on the phone)- just figured you should know that exists.
NAL. That violation was 25 mph above, which is considered a criminal misdemeanor. You failed to appear in court; I imagine there is a warrant out for your arrest. Definitely call before you attempt to re-enter the country. Your license is almost definitely suspended.
Legal vs. nonlegal here: He's not going to be able to get someone to sign a lease on a room they can't see. Obviously, he's being a jerk and you want out. Your sublet means that you're probably not responsible after a certain date, but it's possible that your lease has verbiage that states you need to make a reasonable attempt to get the house shown. The easiest way is not the legal way: tell him that you expect to be present at showings. That way, you can show the prospective tenant around.
HR is not there to help you. They are there to protect the interests of the company; eg, prevent them from getting sued. Print out the email. Print out the statue. Explain to HR that your supervisor seems to misunderstand the law. Be professional and courteous, and start looking for another job. If you raise trouble about this (which it sounds like you already got caught in their sights), you will be terminated for another "unrelated" reason shortly.
I think the wording is the difference between DISCONNECTED and OUT OF YOUR NAME. For example, you should call your power and water companies and explain that the last day of your lease is June 31st. They should ask you for an address for the last bill. When they ask who you're transferring it to, you can give them the management company's name.
Please remove identifying information - real names and company names.
&gt; To which Charlie replied "the lease expires 8/31/16" Time to gear up for court. This is a $4800 question. It's a bummer the courts aren't jovial about things like this, because you absolutely cannot say: &gt; "Great! It's so kind of you to give us a free month's rent, because the amount to be paid for the duration of the lease is clearly enumerated: $57,600. Good thing we got that in writing, so that no party would be able to misunderstand that we would be paying exactly that much and not a penny more."
I would love to believe that it was an accident, but it does really sound like this was the company's intent from the get-go. I doubt they will make it that easy.
Tell him to obtain copies of all of his documents - pay stubs, 401(k), etc. He should already have copies, but having them now is very important. My company turned off my access to their payroll system immediately - I mean, within ten minutes of me clocking out. I suggest looking for a new job.
Looks like it's still listed at that price. Do you really want to do business with a company that's trying to bait and switch you?
Interesting to see this today. I stopped by B&amp;N yesterday on my way home from work to buy a Father's Day gift for my dad (who would be out of town until today). I found the book, eventually - there was one copy, and it had already been read through. The cover had been bent on the 'trade paperback', which is the way of saying 'cheap, mass-market'. I ended up buying it. I made my way to the cash register, where there was one cashier and four people in line. I picked up on her routine: * She had a Bobby Flay (chef?) grilling book that she had to tell us was a great gift and $20 off (normally $39.99). * She had to ask if we were a B&amp;N member, and then tell us how much cheaper the book would be if we were * She had to ask if we had a B&amp;N card * She had to ask for my email address. Turns out, that's why the transaction took so long. She wouldn't have had four people in line if she didn't have to ask five separate questions for each one. I realized then and there: **This is why I hate corporate shopping.** Out of curiosity, I went to the local independent bookstore, which is a bit out of the way and parking is a disaster. The had four copies of the book, as well as the sequel. I bought the sequel. The gal at the counter asked me what I thought of the first and recommended another book for me. *That* is why Barnes and Noble going out of business will be great for customers.
&gt; I'm going to have to let the office call them because for some reason Your post is complaining that they don't do a good job of communicating, and then you decide to let them communicate for you? Here are ways you can get ahold of them: * Find out through the company who your insurance company is. * Call your insurance company. If you can't operate the Googles, ask your workman's comp clinic to give you their number. They will have it. * When you get ahold of a human, tell them you need the number for your claims adjuster. *You are entitled to their direct line*. They will probably ask for your claim number, which you can get either from your doctor's office or off of the documents that they've been sending you. It should be written on every single document (or insurance won't reimburse)! I really suggest advocating for yourself, because no one else will. You may be able to request a nurse case manager from the insurance company. Let me make this clear: you are the only person with your interest at heart. The insurance company wants to close this case as quickly and cheaply as possible. The doctor's office wants you to get back to work so that they maintain a good relationship with your company. Your company didn't want it to happen in the first place. YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON WHO WANTS IT DONE RIGHT. Also, why would your parent's insurance cover anything? They should not cover anything work comp related - in fact, they should have denied the claim and told you to file with workman's comp. The only reason work comp would not cover 100% of authorized treatment (emergency rooms and initial contacts are not required to be authorized in most states) is if you were under the influence of controlled substances.
True, but the nVidia ones are already out. There is an article on the main page about 1070s being $409! The AMD 480 comes out in a week.
Like, REALLY old and rusty. Barely running but definitely still licensed. Brilliant. :-D
This is my street address. When I was 14, I started using that as my PIN. Many years later, I realized why that was a bad plan.
Don't have anything to add besides: don't go back. Eff that guy. He will fire you for some other reason quickly enough. Take your unemployment and use this as the kick in the pants you need to get a different job.
Can you go to User -&gt; Login Items -&gt; see if Weekdays is listed? I truly have no idea why that launches. Other than that, are you usually rebooting with a soft(ware) power off? Eg, not hard power off but selecting Shut Down?
Thanks for the response! Does adding a window have an downsides? Obviously, makes the case waaaaay classier.
Read everything you sign. Many times, the insurance company will rush you a check and the fine print of what you're saying is that this *completely* fulfills their liability. Usually, it's 10-20% lower than the lowest possible case scenario, so they'll pony it up quickly to save themselves over the long run. You do not have to take any settlement they give you, but be prepared for court it they don't accept your counter.
And I'll bet it feels even better to have a 5% salary boost in the form of a savings account. My company does 2%. :'( Max that puppy out!
That's not true! It's just about the only thing we Mac users *can* do! :-D
Similar: My mother truly, in her heart of hearts, believes that AIDs is God punishing the gays. One of her coworkers, a heterosexual and godly woman, has AIDs. Oh, that's God punishing us for allowing the gays to marry. Her friend has had AIDs since the 80s. Bonus: "Obama is the Antichrist. His middle name is Hussein. What more evidence do you need?"
Sadly, not a joke. Just happened a year before I was born.
Anyone know how to do this on Chase?
Thanks for the info! I don't pay much attention on the rewards on my card, but have definitely noticed that Mint misfiles some of my payments (though that may be from company name rather than merchant code). Thanks for the post!
&gt; They can certainly make you pay when you renew of course. They can also decline to renew the lease if you cause trouble. If you plan on staying there a while, you will pay the $150 now or later. Shows you how poor the management company is.
Yes. Press them, and press them hard. They might pulling a bait and switch on you. They show you and sign you on a nicer apartment and then you move in to find it's a different apartment. Demand to see the new apartment or consider the lease void. Do this in writing.
Degree in exercise physiology here. **Walking**. Walk to lunch. Walk to the store. Walk with friends. We don't care where you walk; just walk. Walking is a couple hundred calories per hour, but it increases *function*, which is incredibly important.
&gt; I currently hover around one month's income in savings so I thought if I could use my roommate's supplemental income and toss back another $750+/month to savings, I could get to 3 months income by year's end, maybe sooner. This leads me to believe you don't have an emergency fund. Is that the case? Honestly, an emergency fund is crucial. I don't like the idea of using a credit card to cover it, because that's not saved money. I actually say build the emergency fund *first*, and then pay your debt down. Don't forget to pay minimum payments on the 0% interest CC. Make sure every penny is paid off by 2017. Also, the funniest piece of advice I've ever received on PF: "If at all possible, avoid having costly medical conditions." ;)
Spotify is almost as bad. I listen to a playlist that I've listened to for months and now there are commercials from whatever band they're promoting. Yesterday, a 2-hour-long playlist had five, 15 second long commentary bits from their 'Featured Artist'. I can skip em, but it's a pain in the ass.
And find a new job, while filing for unemployment. Appeal if/when your employer disputes it. Your company is circling the drain.
[What we know of utilization](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/CreditCardUtilizationAndScore) says that its negative effects don't really kick in until about 30%+ utilization. Even $4,000 on your $20,000 credit line is only 20% utilization. &gt; Zero utilization is just has bad as high utilization. This is incorrect. /u/OP is asking about credit score. "Profitability to lender" is not reported to your credit report, so there's simply no way it could be used to calculate your credit score. OP: Since no one has provided an answer: the utilization your cards are reporting is *statement balance*. Your card will have a statement date, the day that your statement is generated. For my card, that's the 26th or 27th so that I can have it by the 1st, and pay it three weeks later (the 22nd or 23rd, usually). When you pay your card, there should be a couple options: * Pay statement balance * Pay full balance (also includes purchases since your last statement) * Pay minimum (usually $25 or 1% of balance) * Pay other amount (enter amount) I vote setting it to pay statement balance automatically, but this forum likes the granular control of each bill in and out. I find that setting things to autopay means it's less likely to go wrong.
From my understanding, that is kind of the 'push over the edge' if you're on the verge of being applied or denied. Either way, building credit is a longterm game. If you're a year out, getting another card probably won't hurt, if you have good behavior patterns. Hopefully you already have decent credit: a couple of cards and a couple of loans that are all current. At this point, it would help with number of accounts, which is what a lot of people struggle with. It might hurt you on average age of accounts (not by much though) which is the hardest thing to get. TL;DR: If you're looking for a mortgage in a couple of years, it probably won't hurt you to have another card to increase 'number of accounts'.
Not a lawyer, but cyclist. There's a very good chance that the left crank arm wasn't securely bolted to the driveside crank arm and through arm. Honestly, that part is probably put on by the shop that sold it to you. Each company ships their bikes differently, so it's impossible to know who installed the crank arm. I'd be very surprised if it was 'shoddy craftmanship' as you claim. These parts are designed to be removable, and poor installation is much more likely than the piece just disintegrating. As I said, I'm not a lawyer, but the burden of proof is on you. You're gonna have a heckova time proving that a bike you bought eleven months ago was not built properly. I think it'd also be a hassle to prove that you didn't touch the bolt at all over the last year. Finally, our legal system operates on damages. I see two sources of damages: injury to your body and damage to your bike. Your body would need a doctor's opinion, and you admitted yourself that you're going to be fine in a week. The bike damage is actually the good news: **Take the bike into the shop and tell them what happened.** Ask to speak to the service or general manager. Explain that you really haven't ridden this bike at all, and think crank arm wiggled itself loose (if that's what really happened). See if you can get him to tune / replace / repair any components, but like I said: burden of proof is on you. &gt; crank pedals Since you're going for goodwill, I would recommend not trying to use technical lingo, especially when claiming shoddy workmanship.
I will be paid this week for work performed in December. Will that be 2016 income or 2017 income? It's 1099 if that matters, on top of my W2 job.
In your situation, TurboTax (or also TaxAct, or supposedly CreditKarma, which is new this year) would be plenty. Some advice using TurboTax: they will try and sell you a bunch of extra services. As of a couple of years ago, federal eFiles were free, but state were not always. If you choose to go that route, paying out of your refund takes extra time, as the money is ACHed to TurboTax's accounts, then they deduct their fee, then forward the rest to your account. You can avoid this by paying their fees upfront with a credit card. Some of the other fees include audit protection. You need to read up and decide if that's worth it to you. In your situation, the likelihood of you getting audited is very low. There's nothing wrong with doing your taxes the ol' pen and paper way, either. In your situation, you can likely use a 1040EZ form, which is essentially: "How much did you make? OK, look here to see how much tax you owe. OK, now subtract how much you owe from how much you paid; that's likely your refund." Whatever you do, file your taxes in full before April 18th (we get an extension this year because April 15th is a Saturday). If you expect a refund, you will get it faster if you file sooner rather than later. The IRS will start processing taxes on Jan 23rd.
Check out Swappa. You pay with paypal, so you have to pay upfront. This forum advises against buying electronics on credit (what happens when it breaks, and you owe 80% on a device you can't use?). There are plenty of $200 phones that will serve you for years to come. I just replaced my 4-year-old iPhone 5S with a $250 Samsung S6.
Yep, the chart posted by occasionallurker has the good info. The answer lies in the interest rates of your loans. If they're above about 4.5% or so, they're "high interest debt" and so I'd pay em down according to [step three of the Wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) (also step three of the chart he/she posted, because they're the same). If the loans are below that, it's likely that you can get better returns elsewhere: other debt? That said, it is very rarely a bad plan to pay off debt. However, ensure that you have a solid emergency fund (3-6 months' *real* expenses, including what rent would be if you had to live on your own).
You've gotten a lot of good advice, but I just want to add: make sure you *tell* your brother what you're doing, and get his permission. There was a thread a few months ago where a young gal flipped out on her mom and accused mom of stealing her credit, when it turned out mom had added her as an authorized user and actually given her a huge boost. Also, it only helps him if you are going to: * Maintain a low balance * Pay on time every month * Keep the card open for a good period of time.
Depending on where you are, they can't take away earned vacation once it's been awarded, though. Look into it and ensure that's the case.
If you get injured and take any sort of insurance to cover it (short term or long term disability, worker's comp, or unemployment), that number will be calculated based on your claimed earnings - in this case, minimum wage. Also, obviously, you're not paying taxes on money you earn. The IRS can go after you pretty hard, including a criminal complaint. The financial repercussions are pretty harsh as well, especially if it was knowingly.
&gt; I've decided to look for employment elsewhere as a result of it. Sorry to hear that's the case, but it's a pretty easy answer to 'Why are you looking for a new job?' Best of luck! Make sure to get contact info from all of your coworkers before they're gone, and save your paystubs and any important emails offsite.
Have your brother file a wage claim, too, especially if it's only been a month.
It's possible she's a contractor, and not a W2 (employee). Speak with the [Illinois Dept of Labor](https://www.illinois.gov/idol/Pages/Complaints.aspx).
Correct; over 12 hours in a work day. See the [DOL's guidelines](https://www.dol.gov/whd/overtime_pay.htm) on how that's defined.
Also, if it's you and a spouse and you're buying it together. Then I would cosign.
Yep, take the $2 / hr. For the salary / career implications profbigz mentionted, but also because they is real money that can be spent on anything: food, rent, emergency fund, whatever. Congrats!
"Wow, he's such a dedicated employee! Always thinking about work!"
Yes, it's income, so OP very much does owe tax on it. It's likely the tax comes out of his salary.
This is already pretty much the case in my area. Good idea in principle, but a problem in practice. Good teachers get to choose where they teach (and they quit if they can't). Therefore, good teachers will flock to higher cost of living areas, where they will get paid more. Obviously, that balances out, but things like loans or cars or computers have flat monetary values. So, economically, it always makes sense to live in a higher cost of living area if your salary will balance out. This creates the problem we're trying to avoid: bad teachers end up in lowly paid areas. Before long, slums and projects have the worst schools around, and the teachers are part of it. It would be nice to have teachers more invested in the community, but the simple fact is that we need to pay more to people who work 60 hour work weeks and put up with physical, emotional, verbal abuse every day.
Yeah, their UI got significantly worse about 6 months ago. They removed several features, and there are several bugs in the new interface. For example, if a loan has already been paid on this month, you can't make another payment on it this month. You have to switch to the old view to do it. I spent about 45 minutes on the phone with a (very helpful!) customer service person who helped me figure that out. Glad you're happy with Earnest! Can I ask what rate you refinanced to? I've considered refinancing, but want to pay down a 0% credit card to bump up my credit score before I apply.
No one is going to help your sister commit fraud. See [here](http://www.colorado.edu/registrar/students/state-residency/guidelines) and click on 'Evidence of Colorado Domicile'. One option is to attend a community college in Colorado (Front Range is excellent, as are Arapahoe and Red Rocks). They have Guaranteed Transfer programs where her classes are considered equivalent to the same course at a university (eg, BIO 111 is the same at CU as it is at CSU as it is at Front Range CC, etc). She could do two semesters there and transfer over to CSU (who has one of the best vet / wildlife programs in the country).
Often times, the fees attached to taking out a new loan will override the savings. I would expect that to be the case here, especially since your credit is still poor and would need your dad to cosign on this one, as well. Definitely crunch the numbers, but you bought a $40,000 car. That's going to be super expensive anyway. At this point, unfortunately, the goal is just to overpay as much as you can. This will save you more money, as interest will compound on a lower amount. There have been a lot of discussions here about getting out from under an over-financed car, and none of them are great. Generally, you would just 'lock in' your loan and have to continue paying, while being out a car. At least drive it, since you dropped that money on it. Also, DOUBLE CHECK that your gap insurance is up to date.
Are you intending on being a bench scientist forever, or do you want to head in a different direction? I ended up in clinical research. I did a pre-med track (B.S., physiology and then several years in a doctor's office). If your university offers a degree like a Clinical Research Advisor, CRA (usually MSc), you can get paid some really good money. Generally, they're a logical track from that to managerial role after several years. Frankly, having an MBA without work experience doesn't mean anything. There's a lot of people who *should* have MBAs and don't. I had a discussion recently about how we're plagued by employees who were great nurses, bench scientists, or whatever for several years and then were made managers. Unfortunately, they don't know how to manage people, and they're far enough into their career that they don't want to learn. At that point, extra training would be helpful. We can't tell you what to do with your life. Browse job boards and see what's hiring. 90% of finding the right job is just being in the right place at the right time.
Agreed. The problem with aftermarket mods is that they rarely add value to a vehicle. One, it narrows the number of people who will purchase it. Two, you're never sure who installed the parts or how well. Three, car enthusiasts will drive their cars hard. (This applies to Jeeps and Subarus, the two heavily modded vehicles in my area). There's no problem with throwing a bunch of money at nice parts, especially because you understand that your car is more than transportation: it's entertainment, too. Just make sure that you don't get underwater on the loan.
Your brother might be able to apply for a new SSN. Usually that would require that someone intentionally were trying to misuse the number, but it's possible this is a good enough reason. I'm still unsure why new accounts keep reporting to him. I recommend getting ahold of the accounts that report to his credit and ensuring they have the right SSN. You shouldn't have to turn yourself in for identity theft because you didn't intend to defraud and didn't do it deliberately, so it's not criminal. Either way, taking steps to fix it is your best legal defense. I'm not sure that your plan to say "don't put it on my brother's account!" will work. They'll do it anyway and your brother will have to dispute it. "That's not me; that's my brother" is a very good defense. At this point, he should have a form letter for disputing his credit, however...
No. You will not go to jail unless your original intent in taking out the debt was to never pay it back. You can't pay your bills so: * They'll send you to collections (already there) * Collections will call you to collect (already done) * You will try to pay it off (you're here) * You can't pay it off and start paying * They will sue you for it. You will be served a notice to appear, called a summons. You *must* attend that court date, or they will get *whatever* they ask for. * When you go to court, definitely ask for documentation. If they can't provide it, they have to drop the case. Unfortunately, paying on it probably nullified that requirement (you likely 'claimed' it) * If they are awarded a *judgement*, they are legally allowed to use more aggressive methods to collect. * Those methods include garnishment (from your paycheck) and seizing it from your bank account. There are rules and limitations on how much they can take, but that's state based. * They can only collect the amount of the judgement; no extra fines for fees. Court costs a certain amount, since they have to have a lawyer show up to do it. Usually, debts of under a few hundred bucks won't be sued for (but if they do *always show up!*). Usually, big debts are likely to be sued for. Judgements are not a good thing. They can be refreshed in most states. (Eg, they don't time out). Your state has a statute of limitations on how long a debt can be collected. In many states it's 6 years; in some, ten. If they haven't sued you to collect, and you didn't claim the debt (paying on it, agreeing to pay on it, or stating that it was yours), they can't sue you to collect on it after the SOL. If they do, you go to court and argue that it's past the statute of limitations. No one here can tell you whether to declare bankruptcy. That's a discussion to have with a bankruptcy attorney. It does stay on your credit report for 10 years and you will have to answer "YES" to every lender who asks if you've ever filed. edit: &gt; Agent Smith coming to my house and kidnapping me or what? There are rules on how they can attempt to collect. Those laws are called the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and are federal law, so they apply to the entire county. Read up on it. Collections agents aren't allowed to do things like threaten you with arrest, threaten your health or safety, or harass you, your family, or your place of work. They aren't supposed to make 'knowingly false statements' (ie, lie) but they will anyway.
I just added this part about the FDCPA: &gt; There are rules on how they can attempt to collect. Those laws are called the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and are federal law, so they apply to the entire county. Read up on it. Collections agents aren't allowed to do things like threaten you with arrest, threaten your health or safety, or harass you, your family, or your place of work. They aren't supposed to make 'knowingly false statements' (ie, lie) but they will anyway.
Pay off your highest interest rate first, regardless of the size of the debt. This is called the 'avalanche method'. Ensure that you keep paying the minimums on the other card(s) in the meantime. There is a strategy of the 'snowball method', where you pay the smallest debt first and then 'snowball' its minimum payment into paying off the next smallest debt. This works for a psychological boost but is not the most money-efficient way to pay off debt. Ensure that there are no fines or fees for being over the limit on the Chase, because it's possible that that it might go over the limit if you take too long to pay it off.
Normally, /r/legaladvice/ would tell you to go to your state's Department of Labor. I would do that as well, but first I would go to the police and report that he is trying to defraud you. Then, when you file your missing wages claim, you can include the police report that he wrote a check and then cancelled it. Then, you can sue him in small claims court for the difference. Make sure to sue him personally as well as his company. Unfortunately, as he is in Columbia, service is going to be the hard part, but that's why you sue his company and get a judgement against it as well. You can include bank fines and fees in this, as they are damages from his actions. If the judge feels they're excessive (which, if he acted exactly as you described, they won't), the judge won't award those damages.
Honestly, leave it open! As long as there's no annual fee (if you haven't used it, and haven't paid it, and it's not reporting negatively, then it is fine). The reason I say this is that Average Age of Accounts about 30% of your FICO score and is very hard to build. Having a many-year-old card, even if it has a $300 credit limit, should help your score tremendously. If you still want to close it, there should be a company listed on the credit report. You should be able to call them and have them cancel the card (or maybe issue you a new one, so you can put $10 / year on it and continue to age the account?).
You're confusing bi-weekly (every two weeks) and bi-monthly (twice a month). Mortgages are due monthly (the 1st of every month, say). Paychecks often come every two weeks (every other Friday, say). Some months (for me, it was December of last year) will have three paychecks. What you're doing is tricking yourself to budget for 4 week periods (28 days) instead of a month (30.42 days). This is a fantastic idea.
&gt; I never really understood leases before, that's just locking in how long you are absolutely going to be there paying rent correct? Yep. The agreement is that you're guaranteed a place to live, and in return, you're promising to pay rent. Figure out what living arrangement you want. The easiest and most expensive is a single person apartment. Less expensive would be an apartment with a roommate, because then you split costs. There are big problems with roommates, because of personality and lifestyle conflicts. You can also just rent a room in someone's house, but you give up significant tenant protections. As a general rule, if it's not in the lease, it doesn't exist. Landlord says washer and dryer, and it's not in the lease? You aren't required to get access to it. Usually you'll pay a security deposit equal to one month's rent, give or take. High student areas will have more (and good luck finding a month to month in a college town). Desirable locations will cost more. You will get your security deposit back within 60 days of termination of the lease, minus an damage you did. Some companies (management companies, in particular) will try to nickle and dime you. -$150 for carpet cleaning, $50 for repainting this, etc etc. Make sure to ask about utilities and put them in writing: who pays? Landlords have to cover gas and water if they don't have an individual meter on your unit, so they'll build that into your rent. Still, $550 inclusive of utilities (gas, water, electric, trash, internet) can be cheaper than $450 exclusive of utilities. The best landlords tend to be independent people with only one investment property - usually their first home that they grew out of.
Well, good news and bad news. *The Final Ruling* on the FSLA didn't go into effect on Dec 1st. There was a temporary injunction, which means that the next administration will likely need to take action on that. It is *not* in effect. I think there's a bit of confusion: the final rule should only affect salaried employees making less than $47,474. The idea is that if you make less than that, you are now eligible for overtime. Currently, that number is set at $455 per week, and they're just raising it. The idea is to prevent positions like restaurant managers that are 'salaried exempt' from working 60 hour weeks and making $35,000 a year. To get around it, many companies were planning on [converting some salaried exempt employees to hourly and reducing their hourly rate](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5azmin/usa_new_overtime_rules/). **That is legal**. What is *not legal* would be to reduce your pay in any way without informing you ahead of time, or doing it retroactively. However, are you sure this is the hill you want to die on? Likely, the difference would be about $75 after taxes. Is it worth being fired? (which, you cannot be fired for filing a wage complaint, but that doesn't prevent them from firing you the first time you're 5 minutes late, or something like that). Also, check your memos from HR and senior leadership. You're looking for terms like 'classification' and 'salaried exempt' and 'hourly non-exempt'. For the sake of definitions: * Salary is a person who gets paid the same rate each week * Exempt means they don't need to be paid overtime. Usually coupled with salary, exempt this ruling would change it to where many people were salaried **non-exempt**, so they could earn overtime. * Hourly means you get paid per hour that you work. If you work 34 hours, you get paid 32 hrs x $17 / hr = $544. These are almost always non-exempt (must be paid overtime). Very rare exemptions are some first responders or care professionals (people that have on / off schedules: 10 on, 10 off, for example).
Hah, ouch. Titanium wedding bands are about $70.
Planes! Check before you leave your spot on the plane (when you're standing up and everyone is trying to bum-rush the exit).
Nope. Dispute the debt with the credit agency. They'll have to prove that it's not 'erroneous'.
/r/legaladvice has talked about this a couple of times, and usually what's happening is that the landlord is trying to hide his income - almost always for a divorce or IRS/tax reasons. You still technically owe that money. He could cash every one of those checks, all at once... and likely will! Edit: I've gotten four or five questions: aren't most checks invalid after *number of days*? According to [US Uniform Commercial Code](https://www.law.cornell.edu/ucc/4/article4#s4-404), issuing banks are not legally obligated to honor a check after 6 months, and your bank doesn't have to deposit it. However, they MAY still, at their discretion.
If it ever went to court, writing the check would be enough evidence that OP intended to keep living there and fulfill the terms of the agreement. The proper thing to do would be to keep that money in an account, maybe invested. Honestly, that's one of the best retirement accounts I can think of: 2.5+ years' worth of rent, earning interest, ready to be withdrawn at any point (therefore can't be 401(k) or IRA). I live in a college town, and some quick number crunching tells me that would be about $20,000 principal, plus 5-7% returns annually. Just reinvest. Definitely worth it! That said: there is a statue of limitations of debt. So, if OPs state has an SOL of 6 years (common), after that time has passed, the debt is no longer collectible. That's for each individual check: so the first missed check can only be collected for another 4.5 years (54 months), the next one is 55 months, the next 56 months, etc. After that time, close the account and the checks won't be cashed. What I would do: stop sending the checks. If I hear anything from the landlord, it means that he's still keeping track (which means he hasn't forgotten the other checks). If I don't hear anything, I live rent free until I'm ready to leave the town and then leave.
Nope. Payroll checks often do expire in 90 days because they will state 'EXPIRES 90 DAYS AFTER ISSUE' on them, and then the company will have an agreement with the issuing bank not to honor them after 90 days. That's the key: whether the bank will honor them or not. It depends on the teller or the issuing institution's rules.
&gt; booty complications. **slow clap* *
The worst Catch 22 of dating. :'(
A friend of mine is an office manager for a company in SF. She buys about $10,000 / month of things for the office: computers, toner, paper, pens, etc etc. Her 'company card' is in the CEO's name with her as the user. She gets the points and rewards. Turns out, most domestic flights in the US are about 10,000 points. She gets a free flight per month or $200 / month cash to do her job. Plus, her credit is fantastic since the card and its $250,000 credit limit report to her credit. She's been doing this for several years with full knowledge and blessing of the CEO. Last year, she got free flights to Hawaii, Australia, Thailand, and several times to and from her home state.
Yeah, therein lies the original problem: OP does owe the money. It is legally the landlords, and he can demand it up until the statute of limitations. He has checks in his possession, so he's legally able to try to cash them at any point. Closing the bank account they're associated with is a good way to get slapped with a big ol' judgement / garnishment ('bad faith').
The stock market, historically, has average returns of 5-7%. Take off 2% (usually less - closer to 1.5%) for inflation. Just buy an index fund, called a [Lazy Portfolio](https://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Lazy_portfolios). With zero management, and hopefully near zero expense ratios, it will out-perform about 85% of managed portfolios over the long term. In the US, we also have 'high' yield savings accounts like Ally (online). They'll give you 1%.
Please see my edit above! It all depends on his specific bank and their policy, or sometimes even the teller that day! Lots of people have mentioned that they use mobile deposit to get around that issue. &gt; I've gotten four or five questions: aren't most checks invalid after number of days? According to US Uniform Commercial Code, issuing banks are not legally obligated to honor a check after 6 months, and your bank doesn't have to deposit it. However, they MAY still, at their discretion.
Call the bank and let them know the card was stolen. You'll likely have to have a police report, so do that first. The police will ask if you have any idea who might have had access to the card. State facts: * They would have received the card in the mail. * I have had drama with them before. (might want to clarify drama into a single sentence that would explain why you're accusing them of a crime) If the police consider that information relevant, they will look into it. Don't hold your breath. Either way, get a PO box. It's like $35 a month and will prevent this.
&gt; Work was saying no go due to being preexisting condition. Not a lawyer, but I did work in worker's comp in my state (which is not yours) for several years. Company doesn't get to choose what is work related and what isn't. If it were me, I would: - Contact the Division of Worker's Comp. Tell them you were fired immediately after you reported an injury and you need help getting a case opened. - When that insurance does get opened, call the ER, your clinic, and have them re-bill your visits under that WC claim. They *should* send you to a worker's comp doctor's office for an intake evaluation. These are *always* covered, regardless of whether the injury was work-related or not. (Also while on the phone with them, ask for a copy of your records be mailed to you. They might charge you $10 or so. That's fine; it's worth having a copy of your records to hand to doctors. Don't expect them to review them all then and there - my clinic blocked out 45 minutes and charged $400 for a chart review for an experienced ER and WC doc). - When speaking to medical professionals, they will likely write this off as Bell's Palsy. Stress that you were not having flare ups, and then you lifted. Then, you were diagnosed with a C5-C6 clavicle whatchamacallits (this is where having your records will massively benefit any medical provider). This is going to be a long, uphill battle with lots of ins and outs. I highly recommend consulting with a worker's comp attorney. Saying "I got fired after reporting a worker's comp injury" will hopefully get their attention. Best of luck.
Oh god. How have those not exploded?
Unfortunately, there's not a lot you can do without a bunch of cash in hand. Your options are: 1) Sell the car and pay off the loan. Obviously, leaves you without a car, so you have to 2) purchase another vehicle to replace it. Even if that car is a $3,000 beater, he's still going to own the difference. 3) That really leaves option number three: treat it like a credit card and pay it off early. Throw every extra penny at it, because it will make a significant difference on a 21% loan. We're talking PB&amp;J sandwiches for lunch until this is taken care of. Let him know that he basically has a credit card payment. Go to a loan payment calculator website and show him how much he can save from even $100 extra / month (eg, [$50 a month extra saves $2600](https://www.calcxml.com/calculators/aut05) and ($100 saves him $4,000 and he owns the car two years earlier). This is a really good stepping stone into financial security in general. Tell him about how having an emergency fund has really helped you, and what a difference it makes not living paycheck to paycheck. (For the record, I'm a 28 year old male that makes $55K, so I know how he feels). Go, and spread the good word of /r/personalfinance!
Sorry to be picky, but the word you're looking for is *secured*. A secured card (you put $200 down and have a 4-6 weeks to pay it off after purchase) will report to credit. A prepaid card (you put $200 down and it's a debit card) will not report. Discover It Secured and CapitalOne Secured Mastercard both have no annual fee and can supposedly be rolled into a new card without resetting the account age (which is a credit factor).
I'm sorry for your loss. I know the money doesn't mean much, but it will help you moving forward. I agree with everything ruralcricket says. Let the dust settle while making a plan. Follow [the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics), including the windfall section. Paying off your loans is an eventuality; the fact that you're 35 and are $27K in debt makes me hope that they're low interest (&lt; 3%). If they are, you're better off spending on that money somewhere else - a great place would be in your retirement, since you don't have much. If they're higher (4%+, maybe?) they're worth paying off. One less debt, and you can roll their payments into your savings funds or retirement. There are limits in how much you can put in a tax-advantaged account (401(k), IRA, etc), so I would recommend maxing those out each year. In the meantime, you can talk to a financial adviser on how to avoid major taxes while increasing net worth. It seems you'll need a place of your own. Think about that further down the line (perhaps a small home?), depending on where you live (homes in my area start at $350K and go up... soooo, no). In the very meantime, creating a 'high-yield' account with Ally will get you 1%. That will avoid the money sitting stagnantly while you figure out what you're doing. Good luck!
&gt; Has this guy actually done anything besides being dedicated that would make you think he's dumb? Yes. I went to highschool with him. He dropped out in tenth grade. We also bump into each other 3 times a week during the winter, and 1-2 times a week during the summer, and have for the past three years or so. He's somewhere in that grey area between acquaintance and friend. Notice how I never I think he's stupid because he lifts. I said he was stupid *and* he lifts. &gt; a man whose hobbies include abusing steroids &gt; Understanding and manipulating body chemistry isn't for stupid people. I used to race bikes at a national level, and PED abuse is pretty common in the elite ranks. I don't know how bad it is in bodybuilding, but I get the impression it's pretty bad. Between that, a bachelor's in human physiology, master's work in exercise physiology, a CSCS, and 5 years in the medical industry (physical therapy &amp; pharmaceuticals), I can tell you: Steroid abuse is a really, really stupid idea.
In my state, the injury must be reported in writing to your company within 2 business days. Obviously, this isn't a normal case. It's going to be an uphill battle, and the longer it takes, the harder it's going to be. If people ask why you're starting now, explain that you've been trying but haven't gotten anywhere.
Look over your lease and see if it allows for a sublet. In this chase, you rent your space to another tenant. Alternatively, it sounds like your brother could find someone to take your spot. That's likely the best option. Ensure that the person who takes over pays most or all of your security deposit back. Work with your landlord to coordinate this. Your landlord has no requirement to help you out of the lease. That's what you signed; you have a legal, binding contact stating that you will be there for 12 months. They might do a 'cash for keys' option, where you both agree to terminate the lease for $x. Usually that number is about 2 months' rent, but is entirely up to the landlord (since you need something from them). If you got really lucky, your lease might specify what constitutes an early termination. Look over your lease and see what it says, because it does govern this situation.
If you're allowed admin access, go to Start&gt; Settings&gt; Personalization&gt; Lock Screen &gt; Turn off "get fun facts, tips, tricks and more on your lock screen." There's a possibility that's locked by active domain, in which case your admin will need to do it. I'm rather frustrated that Microsoft is turning the whole OS into a data mining and advertising platform. There are some great links on how to remove data mining entirely, but it requires Pro and access to group policy. It's a shame, because win 10 is actually a fantastic operating system. I'm actually reluctant to build or buy any new hardware because you have to spend 2 hours disabling ads, cortana, forced updates, etc.
Agreed. If I were to buy a new laptop today, it'd be that one. I've had a lot of success with Dell's business class laptops, and the XPS is quite nearly perfect.
My sister had twin girls. One of them was not quite healthy; she was much smaller than her sister (4 lbs vs 7 lbs). Her umbilical cord was being pinched by her sister's cord, or something like that. The doctor told my sister to expect one child and pray for two. The little one was named Trinity, as it would look better on a tombstone than Taylor. Don't worry, all. They turned 12 this year. They're both healthy, sweet nieces.
You're missing the only thing that matters: do they have an annual fee? If yes, close them after you've replaced them, since it's easier to get credit when you have credit available. Closing them will drop your score slightly. If they don't have an annual fee, you can leave them open as soon as the balance is zero. It won't cost you anything, and they will continue to report to your credit. Age of accounts is hard to build, and older cards will help drag the [Average Age of Accounts](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/age-of-credit-history) up slightly.
OP posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/5mv5m3/planning_i_earn_560_a_month_and_am_currently_not/dc6lqjy/) that it's mandatory military service.
Yes, I would recommend axing the one with the $108 / yr fee. That's pretty unreasonable. Make sure to pay off the card with the highest interest rate first, but you'll have to do some math to see if it would save you money to get rid of that one first. $9 isn't going to put you in the poor house, but money is money. That's a Chipotle burrito, *with* guac.
The wiki section on [credit scores](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico) will be most helpful. At this point, all you can do is keep paying on time and [allow your accounts to age](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/age-of-credit-history). Eventually, number of accounts will matter, but credit score is a long term game. You need to give it time. You're doing all the right things. Keep it up! Also, re-examine the interest rate on your car loan. If it's low (&lt; 4%), you may be better off throwing that money at another goal: retirement, downpayment on a house, emergency fund, etc. That said, paying off debt is rarely a bad option.
The best I would suggest is asking that they cut you a check for the missing money when you're in the office today. Most states have a requirement that you be paid within xx days of the close of the pay period. In my state and California, that number is 10 days. They won't do a direct deposit, because that requires them to clear a check with the processing company, who in turn waits for it to clear before posting on pay day. There is a reason it takes a week to do payroll. That said, be civil, and polite. Going in yelling is not going to get anyone to help you. Asking questions like, "What can I do to prevent this happening again?" are non hostile. They can't fire you for asking to be paid, but they can fire you for being rude to HR, or being 5 minutes late, or because they don't like the quality of your work. Rules are a little different for a contracted employee, but my advice would apply to them as well.
He has to pay the loan off before he takes possession of the title. It depends on whether the asking price is more or less than what he's asking. If he owes $4900, you go into the bank, pay $4900 to them, and $100 to him. They give him the title, and he signs it over to you. If he owes $5001+, he has to pay the difference before he gets the title. DO NOT pay him for a car that he doesn't own! Until he holds the title, it isn't his, and until he signs it off to you, it isn't yours. Yes, he can back out of a sale barring a contract to the contrary.
You're looking for this: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics And this: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/young_adult Follow the steps in the wiki and save as much money as possible. &gt; Is my car worth paying the insurance on? No one can answer that question for you. If you have the car, you should have insurance on it. If you don't want to the pay the insurance, you should likely get rid of it (since nobody likes unused cars sitting on their lot).
&gt; I'm the only person on the planet with my name. That answers your question: they don't need your social to report it to your credit. They need your name and address. They also need proof that you owe the debt. I would recommend following the normal steps for collections. It sounds like you're already in contact with the collections agency, so contacting them again likely won't poke the bear. If they won a judgement and garnishment, this will likely stay on your report until it ages off, but it's always worth a shot.
First off, you'd probably be denied that loan. Consider opening another entry or mid level card with no annual fee. Putting netflix or spotify on it, and setting to autopay, will build credit history as well. Assuming your 6 month old card is ALL that reports to your history, that will still be beneficial. Then, if and when you need an auto loan down the road, you'll be ready.
Use the [IRS Withholding Calculator](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/irs-withholding-calculator). It helps to know what you expect taxes to be at the end of the year, but obviously this is a ballpark game. With your fear: &gt; I worry ... I will end up with a large tax bill at the end of the year. it's worth over-withholding.
Yes, it's always better to show that you are currently employed. If and when you get interviewed, you can answer truthfully: "My area wasn't hiring, so I took a temporary job." I would build the resume in chronological order, as is customary. Don't put "most prestigious" company first; simply highlight it in your cover letter.
You're thinking about this the correct way. You've got to do what you've got to do to get a new car. Definitely read the fine print on your insurance settlement; some companies will do a 'replacement value', in which case you could show that the amount they're sending won't buy you another car. It'll be an uphill battle. Financing a used car isn't a terrible idea in your situation. If you have an emergency fund, this would likely count as an emergency. You can use that to bump up a down payment or see if you can get a used car in cash. Many dealerships will get you financed. Watch the interest rate on these.
&gt; to refuse it out of principle Are you going to find another, similar job elsewhere (than $11 hr, in your field, and close by)? Also, having a job in your field does make you more employable afterward. Frankly, they just showed their hand: they believe the position is $22 / hr, they know you can do it, and they don't want to pay you for it because they can get it cheaper. I say tell em to shove it and find another job.
Yep, exactly. With $3500 / month, it won't be long before you have a large emergency fund. The idea is that you should keep it liquid (that is, in a savings account, rather than tied up in investments) because you never know when you're going to need to put a downpayment, pay off a surprise bill, or have an unexpected expense. Make sure you're following the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and have done a company match, if you company matches retirement contributions (and you're in the US or Canada). Sounds like you're off to an excellent start. At this rate, it won't be long before you can accomplish any goal - travel, a home, or have a few luxuries.
What are your goals? A 90/10% allocation is for people who won't need that money for a long time (30+ years, perhaps?). Are you living off of this, or is it a nest egg? Does it include a down payment on a home you hope to own in the next 5 years? You left all of that out. This forum has a couple of rules: 1) Never try to time the market. (eg, don't wait for inauguration day, or election day, or next Tuesday. Do it.) 2) Don't hadn't more risk than you can handle. &gt; I'm worried about moving my money at the wrong time That should tell you something about your risk tolerance. &gt; will I effectively be selling all my existing stocks and bonds to convert them back into cash? From my understanding, yes. You put in a sell request with your FA and he sends a check to Vanguard. Obviously, that process takes time, so timing the market isn't an easy option. Anyone who knows better, please correct me.
It will disappear 7.5 years after the Date of First Delinquency. It sounds like that is still about 4.5 years out. They haven't sued you yet, and at this point, it's unlikely they will. You can wait it out if your score doesn't matter to you. You can call the creditor and ask if they'll do a pay for delete. The odds of getting that done depend on the company, its policies, and the agent you get on the phone that day. That conversation looks like this: "Hello, I've got an account in collections. I'll pay you $125 today if you erase any mention of it from my credit score. Deal?" If they say no or try to negotiate, say no thanks and hang up. At that point, they will likely call you again, since they now know your phone number (though you can ask them to stop, and they are legally required to do so immediately). It's unlikely you'll ever be able to use Verizon again.
Definitely consult a lawyer (maybe a couple hundred bucks, if not free) before doing this. In many states, non-competes are unenforceable. In some states, they OK are as long as they follow specific rules. Either way, no company is going to hire you if they know you have a non-compete. The very worst case is that they sue you and you are liable for damages. The next worse case is they fire you and you have none jobs.
We have a canned answer for [windfalls](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall). What you consider a 'decent' amount may or may not fall under these rules. People will have a lot of crazy ideas, but honestly, throwing it all in a tax advantaged account over the course of several years (401(k) or IRA, depending on your abilities) will get you the best return. &gt; I was debating on putting a down payment on a house and renting out 3 rooms to cover the mortgage payments with the amount I'm receiving When you apply for the mortgage, they'll want you to be able to cover the total cost on your own, since roommates can disappear pretty easily. Also, being a landlord is a hassle and not something to be taken on lightly. &gt; Love you Love you too. Stay golden, ponyboy.
What does your contract state as penalty in failure to complete the two weeks?
[Or the single most profitable drug of all time!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sildenafil)
I had dinner with a couple of friends recently, and they said that if they could have any attorney, they would want a public defender with enough time to review their case. Their argument was basically that the $10,000 retainer lawyer is going to get you out of court - plea deals, bargains, connections, motions. But, they tend to only be OK trial attorneys, since they deal with few types of crimes and rarely go to court. On the other hand, public defenders deal with everything, are in court 90% of the time, and usually have about 30 minutes to review a case before it gets tried. Give him/her enough time, and a public defender will school any other lawyer (according to them).
Worked in a doctors office. Generally, your "first appointment of the day" is 2-3 hours into a medical professional's day. My docs started answering emails around 5:45 am and had their first appointment at 8:30. By that point, they would have 3-4 billable visits: chart reviews, consults, prescription requests (unpaid), transcription correction, etc. If you don't like those wait times, please go to med school, take on $250-$500K of student debt, and then forfeit your salary because any clinic that doesn't have wait time doesn't have patients. There is a type of system where doctors have as much time as they need to see each patient. They work nice, relaxed hours and never run over. If a 90 minute case is scheduled at 4:00 pm, they won't start it. It's called the VA hospital. Look into it.
Yep, I received one the day after I registered my car (impressive turnaround!). 2007 Subaru. "Your original warranty is going to expire! This is our third attempt to reach you." Uh... neither of those things are true.
Edit: *may be a qualifying relative.* Requrements for a [qualifying relative here](https://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2016_publink1000170933). Doesn't count as a [qualifying child](https://www.irs.gov/publications/p17/ch03.html#en_US_2016_publink1000170876).
Boulder county's townhouse/condo median sale price [increased 25% last year](http://car-co.stgstats.showingtime.com/docs/lmu/x/BoulderCounty?src=map). Ready to cry that I'll never be able to afford a home where I grew up.
Exercise physiologist here. Bachelor's, human physiology, CSCS, master's work in exercise physiology, and spent several years doing cardiac rehab and stress testing on firemen and police officers. /u/kater_pillar 's answer is correct: **Genetic factors.** If you hear stories about [Bill, who had a heart attack at 41](https://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/5nn500/41_year_old_5k_per_day_runner_suffered_a_heart/), it's a genetic thing. You can follow all of the rules and still fall prey to your genetics. So, because no one as said it, you need to look at your family history. Have parents, grandparents, uncles had these things? Not only did they die, but did they have an unexpected heart attack at 42? (My materal grandfather, by the way, died of a heart issue at 42. I suspect strongly that his rampant alcoholism worsened it). If you have someone affected by these genetic factors: heart attacks, high blood pressure, even stroke, I would recommend seeking proactive care. Get the stress testing and ECG workups if your insurance covers if. Even if they don't, I think it would be worth the extra soundness to know you don't have something like an arrhythmia or a partial block just because your genetics suck. Also as Kater mentioned, it's probable that running pushed that back another five years. The pizza and soda won't help in the long run, but the running does a lot to mitigate damage. Headed out for a run! See ya'll!
Interesting! Thanks for the link. It'll be exciting to see the numbers comparison. I'm very interested to hear about the clock speed decisions. Usually, AMD has had a policy of 'overclock it to the moon!' It's noteworthy to see they keep the clock down a 3 GHz. Hopefully, this freaks Intel a little bit. But I feel that Intel is just gonna keep plodding along, as they've done. Their launch cycle is already set in stone, as it takes a full year to get a full-scale chip manufacturing line up and running. They've got engineering demo [Cannonlake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cannonlake) chips already. I'm a little angry at the Blender specs demo: "Here's a seven month old piece of competitor's hardware. When we slow it down by 12%, our yet-to-be-released hardware will beat it! Barely." Cannonlake will be launching a few months after the first Zen chips, sooo... I still think that AMD understands their position in the market: they can compete on cost-effectiveness, but not on sheer power. Yeah, it'll be a blast to get a server-grade processor for $500 or $800 or whatever AMD eventually names these guys at. Unfortunately, they're just behind by a year and a half (in both their markets, especially since the GTX 1080 came out).
Not a lawyer. I used to work in a worker's comp doctor's office preforming post-offer employment testing. We were testing to see if you are physically capable of doing the job. There is strong legal precedent on those tests, and if run well, they adhere to strict standards (eg, is the action actually going to be preformed in this job?). If there is some reason that being obese would interfere with actual performance of the job (eg, you must fit into this size of a pipe), that is one way companies get away with what you're describing. As for the rest of what you're asking: people get fired for being fat all the time. The polite way to say that is that they 'don't fit the company culture'. The answer is a company can be sued at any time for any reason by nearly anybody. The former employee could claim they were terminated for their weight, which they are not in control of due to their Samoan heritage. That would be a long uphill battle for the employee.
Also, most universities have a free legal advice team. They'll at least point you in the right direction.
Nope, totally reasonable. Kick em to the curb.
You will not find a better wheel than the Firecrest clincher. I have ridden Reynolds (not SLG), Boyd, Williams, and Hed. Truly, the Hed and Zipp are in a category of their own, but Zipp simply has the best carbon clincher. The shape is a hassle, so make sure you have some training wheels of a similar width. Also, it sounds like you're building a frame. Make sure your brakes are of the newest generation. Brakes before the SRAM Red Yaw and DA 7900 don't support super-wide rims very well.
&gt;Q: See that ludicrous display last night? &gt;A: What was Wenger thinking, sending Walcott on that early?
I am a disciple of /r/personalfinance, so that is literally my nightmare.
Hi there. Not a lawyer, but I worked at a PT clinic similar to Jimbosa (including a combined doctor's office and physical therapy clinic). Worker's comp is *not* private insurance, so the rules are a little different. The insurance company directs quite a bit of the care, and your state's laws determine what is or is not allowable. It sounds like they are following the process as I know it: * You get injured and report it to your company * Your company opens a claim with the insurance * You seek whatever emergency treatment you may need (in this case, going to the emergency room is OK) * Afterward, they will send you to a worker's comp doctor (Jimbosa, in this case) to manage your care * For an injury like this, they will send you to a specialist who will then direct your care (this will be an orthopedist, also called an orthopedic surgeon). It appears this is where you stand. Up to this point, it sounds like they have followed the rules. That said, if you're unhappy with your care, you can work with your adjuster to switch to a different company. The adjusters is your contact with the insurance company. Become friends with this person, as they can be the difference between a good recovery and a bad recovery. Them seeing you as a person rather than just a file will very much help you get approved for more treatment. In my state, insurance companies were allowed to recommend physical therapy before more radical (ie, expensive) methods. This is absurd, but it's what my state laws allowed. For example, we had someone come in with a full thickness rotator cuff tear and the insurance declined surgery until we tried conservative treatment. Uh, the rope is torn in half. It's not going to heal with time. That said: buckle in. There's a lot of nonsense in this process but it will get you recovered if you follow the rules and work hard. Form a relationship with your doc. It sounds like you don't like the one you got; ask around and see who is a better worker's comp doc who will help you get better. Ultimately, the doctor will provide a medical opinion. Insurance can fight that, but they can't straight up ignore it. Find a doctor invested in your care. If your situation is bad enough, you may be assigned a Nurse Case Manager. This is a person you *very* much want on your side. They ensure that complicated courses of treatment don't slip through the cracks. That person works for insurance, but they are nurses and generally very good at advocating for you. Please let me know if you have any specific questions. This forum recommends against PMs, so you can reply to this comment. Best of luck! Heal up quickly.
Federal student loans must be used for education expenses. That said, I have never heard of them being audited. Having a car could be a qualifying expense if it is used for your education (getting to and from class?). Getting out from under a 9.4% loan by trading to another loan, if legally possible, would be a great financial investment. And holy cow, 15% interest. Get out of that as soon as feasible. That is credit card level interest and we here at PF would classify that as 'near emergency.'.
It isn't worth it. They can't guarantee results because they're trying to game the system, and can actually hurt you in the long run. You can try disputing those payments, but they sound legitimate and there's not a very good chance they'll be removed. In this case, they will only be on your report for another four years.
Why would you refinance your rate *higher*? That would cost you money in the long run. It sounds like your rates are: * 3.83% ($8500, $8500, $4000) * 5.16% ($8500, $8500) You have an average (weighted) interest rate of 4.425%. To refinance to 6.8% would increase your interest rate significantly and cost you thousands of dollars. Do not do this. If you want to pay off your debts faster, just pay extra on the principal. Pay the 5.16% account before the 3.83%.
Generally, if you all signed the (only) lease, you are all responsible for fulfilling its obligations. Therefore, your entire household is treated as one entity. Your *household* must make sure the rent is paid in full or it can be evicted. You do *not* want this on your record, so: Your best recourse is to pay the bill and sue the roommate for it. You need to have a talk with the roommate and see what the heck his/her plan is. Depending on your state, you will get a 3-10 day 'Pay or Quit' notice (which this email may or may not count as). At that point, they can file an eviction against you. It will take some time to go to court, but the landlord would almost certainly win. I would recommend not letting it get to that point. It sounds like you might be in college. Many colleges have a free legal aid service where they can help you figure out what the process looks like in your area. It's possible you can kick this guy out, sue him for back rent (after you pay the landlord to not get evicted) and find someone else to take his spot. You still have to clear that with the landlord.
Yep, that's totally normal. It varies depending on your field and industry. My company offers 50% up to 4% (eg, 2% salary match). Some companies offer more, some less. The important question: is it worth it? **Yes.** Always. This is the only place in the world you are guaranteed 50% return. Stock markets *hope* for 5-7% returns. Employer matching guarantees seven times that. Always throw in enough to meet the employer match, per step 2 of the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics).
Wow, what a unique position. You need to start by getting a copy of your credit report and seeing what is on there. CreditKarma will help and do this for free, in exchange for an opportunity to advertise for you. I can't even imagine owning a house with no credit history, but I guess it's possible. See what the reports have to say. It's likely you have some history on there. I doubt you have a totally empty history, but whatever you do have will be thin. You'll be a 'special case' for the bank, where you'll have to convince them to give you a mortgage without a great credit history. Showing them the deed to your house might help. It might not. Either way, you're going to need a good relationship with your lender to get this project off the ground. Your car loan plan is good, except paying an auto loan in 6-7 months really won't do much to build credit history. You're better off getting a card (entry or mid-level, like Chase Freedom or Citi) and just putting one small payment per month (Netflix?). Set the card to autopay and check on it. This will report positively. Again, weird situation. Usually owning a house is the last step, instead of the first.
The phone being $100 / month is a huge one for me. I spend $20 / mo and buy cheap unlocked Androids for $200 *total*. But, like you said, that one's gone in a couple of months. I think you might be thinking about this the wrong way. You need to build a budget first (rule 0 of the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)). You Need a Budget (YNAB) or Mint can help you with that. It will break your monthly expenses down and build pretty graphs so that you can get a cold, hard number on what you spend per month. I really agree with what lightmyfire2016 said: that number seems really high considering food isn't in there. For me, I'd start looking at a side gig, if possible. Things like uber aren't really great (they have a lot of hidden costs: taxes, gas, wear &amp; tear) but some things can be worth your time (tutoring, ghost writing, editing, etc).
Refinancing lowers the interest rate of the loan, which is already aggressively low for a used car regardless of credit score. It will be pretty hard to refinance a car that's underwater by that much. Really, the only option is to pay it off aggressively. There aren't many other options that don't involve destroying what is likely a good credit score. How in the hell does someone drive 30,000 miles a year? That's two hours a day, every day, always. Does this person commute four hours a day?
Wow, that's a lot of information. It's very true that you don't want to cancel your oldest card. [Average age of accounts](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/age-of-credit-history) plays a big role (30%) in your FICO score. If you want another card, you should be able to ask Discover to 'roll' your old product into a new one. You'll have to ensure that they won't close the old account and start a new one. I can't tell whether or not they can or will do that. Honestly, *if there is no annual fee*, leave the old cards open and open a new card that you want. Your wife and you make $120K together. Frankly, just open it on your own credit ($94K a year is PLENTY). You're following the rules: keep your utilization low and don't pay interest. I know that sounds excessive to have that many cards, but folks over at /r/churning will have tens of cards. Just don't pay interest or annual fees and you'll be fine.
Whatever number HR offers you, expect it to be on the low end of what you're worth in your area. It may also not be negotiable. The general advice here is twofold: 1) If you ask for a raise, be prepared to walk away if they don't meet it, so 2) have another offer lined up if you have to walk away, which can be used for leverage. The raise discussion should mostly consist of: * "These are the things that I have done, that are valuable." * "This is what I have contributed." * "This is why I bring more to the company." * "I intend on sticking around for a while, and hope the company sees me as the asset and longterm investment I intend to be." Don't make this about other people. "Such and such gets paid more" will *not* get you a raise. Unfortunately, [people who stick around for more than a couple of years are paid 50% less](http://www.forbes.com/sites/cameronkeng/2014/06/22/employees-that-stay-in-companies-longer-than-2-years-get-paid-50-less/#3b82bce7210e). That's simply a fact of our economy. Search the /r/personalfinance/top and see what negotiation tactics people have used. Generally, it's shopping around for another job and showing your current HR why you've valuable and explaining that you want to stick around, but they have to make it worth it. It is *definitely* a gamble.
Yep, absolutely. Leaving old cards open with zero balance 1) increases number of accounts open, 2) pulls the average age of accounts up 3) has another card reporting 'pays as agreed' 4) helps your credit utilization, by increasing total credit available to you. If you want to keep it open, putting something on it once every six months should be sufficient. If that's too much work, you can just put Netflix or Spotify on it and let the card autopay the $10 / month. Just keep an eye on it to make sure it works.
You're not an idiot. If everyone already knew the answers, this forum would be a very boring place indeed. OK. Explain to your parents that your rates are really quite low. It's very unlikely that anyone is going to finance them lower. If you can find someone to refinance your last 2 (5.16% for $17,000) for a lower rate (say, 4.5%), you might be able to save a bit of money. In that case, watch out for loan origination fees, which can wipe out your savings. As I said earlier, the way to get out of this faster is to pay an extra $50 or $100 on or whatever you can afford on the principal of your loan each month. If your minimum payment is $250, pay $300. They'll ask how you want to apply your overpayment. The most efficient way (that saves you the most money) is *overpay* rather than *pay ahead*. The first one, overpayment, makes the payment now and your next payment is due as scheduled. The second one, paying ahead, pushes the due date of your next payment out. That's not what you want. Note: in my case, my loan servicer offers a .25% interest rate deduction if I sign up for autopay.
It could do either, so make sure that you explicitly tell the loan servicer that you want to make an extra payment to the principal of the loan. Some companies will default to pushing the next payment out, as it will cost you money (that is paid to them) in the long term.
There is also an upper limit. In my case, I could only deduct $2500 in interest, even though I paid several times that.
&gt; also why did you miss a payment it was $5 seems very irresponsible. No need to criticize. We're here to help people move forward.
I don't have anything specific on those cards. Another option is, if your credit is good, she can open a new credit card and you can cosign on it. This will report to both of your credits. Many regular consumer cards (Chase, Citi, Discover) have 0% interest periods of 15-18 months, so you can 1) charge the whole amount, and 2) get cashback as you pay it down. Then, when the amount is paid off, you are left with a card that isn't bad to have anyway (and has zero annual fee). Financing through HD/Lowes/Best Buy does the same thing, except you open a store card. Their perks are generally more narrowed. For example, they might work only at that specific store. The Chase Freedom or Freedom Unlimited would be a good option.
The idea of an emergency fund is that it needs to be liquid. What happens if your paycheck today is late, and you need to pay rent/mortgage on Tuesday? What if your tire blows on the way home, and you need to pay a costly repair? It's likely that you have a credit card to cover the second scenario, but the first one can't be put on a credit card. Emergency funds should always be liquid. The problem with putting an emergency fund into stocks, aside from that it would take a week to get your hands on the money, is that you could need to cash out during an inopportune time and 'lock in' a big loss. For example, if the market takes a quick tumble, and you lose your job because if it, suddenly you have to cash out to pay bills. You'll have lost a percentage of your fund, just because you had to cash out at the wrong time.
Wow. Blown away by the number of incomplete, incorrect, and *illegal* answers. If your son is working in a big chain restaurant, their tax system will be work well. Generally, at the end of the day, he will be asked to claim cash tips. This is because the system *should* record his credit card tips. If he got cash tips, the computer wouldn't know about them, so he'll have to claim them. This also includes "tip ins", for example expoing or sharing a large table ("big top"). He will also be asked how much he tipped out. In most restaurants, you have to tip out your busser, your bartender, some expos, hosts, etc. Since the system knows about the credit card tips and cash tips, but *doesn't* know how much he needs to pay other people, this is an opportunity to rectify that. At the end of clocking out, it will print a receipt with the total claimed tips and hours worked. He should use this to build a 'daily tips' form, as you suggested. I would recommend doing this even though the company will keep track of it, as restaurants are notorious for trying to screw employees. Your son owes income tax on all of the income that he makes. He likely makes a tipped minimum wage (in my state, $4.34 / hr) which is supplemented by his tips (recorded at the end of each shift). At the end of the week, he will be paid the hourly wage, which will likely be very small because it will be used to cover taxes on his tips. I would recommend filing taxes using turbo tax or taxact anyway. They don't charge you till the end, so he can do the taxes and not file them if he expects $0 refund (**if** and only if he owes no burden). I got a refund every year I worked in a restaurant, but I was making closer to $20K. Other people have recommend under-reporting income. This is illegal. If the government catches you, you can go to prison. Do not do that.
Set your card to pay 'Statement Balance' by the due date every month. Spending more on the card doesn't build credit faster. A lot of people say you have to leave some balance on the card. Don't do that; you will pay interest on the balance (it costs you money to do this). Easiest way: * Treat it as cash. Don't spend money you don't have. * Pay if off in full every month, before the due date. * Do NOT forget. One late payment cancels many months worth of ontime payments.
Yes. It means your parents will owe less tax, because they paid for your cost of living. You do need to file, so make sure that you file by April 18th (we get an extension because April 15th is a Saturday).
There are three options: * Statement Balance: This is what you owed on the first of this month, which is what it due the 23rd of this month. If you do not pay at least this amount, they will charge you interest on it. * Current Balance: This is how much you owe as of right now. This is statement balance plus anything since. So if you went to the grocery store last week, this will also be included. * Minimum: This is usually $25 or 1-3% of your total balance, depending on your card. If you only pay this, you will pay tons of interest. 11% is really good for a beginner card, but it doesn't matter as you will be paying no interest.
Yep, it sounds like you can definitely afford this car. This sub doesn't like new cars because, as you saw, they take a big depreciation the moment they drive off the lot. A car that cost you $20,000 would then instantly sell privately for $15,000, so you're now in the hole simply because you bought the car. HOWEVER, there are very real perks to owning a new car. Hopefully, there will be no out-of-pocket maintenance for a year or two. After that, maintenance should only be oil changes and small things here and there. In this case, you know exactly what it will cost you, and there's a good chance there'll be no major repairs for many years. How long to keep it is totally a personal question. If you own this car and do a good job on maintenance, and keep up on required work, there is no reason a new VW can't last for 200K miles. That takes the average American 15 years to hit that mileage. The real question is whether you're willing to do the major repairs that a car starts to need around 100K (timing belt, oil leaks, any cooling system, transmissions, etc). You can afford this car. You already took the financial hit on it, so keep it around and use the benefits that it has to offer (namely, reliability and lack of maintenance). It's something you don't have to worry about and that has value.
Kinda sounds like you're violating rule #1 of [windfalls](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall): Don't count your chickens. $40K is a lot of money to have in one place at one time, so know that it will definitely get taxed and will likely end up being less than $30K. That's probably not so much money that it will be lifechanging. Honestly, I'd continue with the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). Ensure that you're meeting the max employee match. I would still pay off high interest debt before investments. You can contribute to a Roth until the tax filing date.
&gt; For U.S. travel, you can also bring an empty water bottle to fill at a fountain in the gate area. Been traveling a lot lately. The Italians looked at me like I was a fool when I asked for a water fountain. Nope, €2,20 for a bottled water that should've been free.
Worked in a worker's comp doctor's office for a while. A few come to mind: * Gal at a cash advance company got pistol whipped during a robbery. The butt of the pistol landed just above her ear on the right side, breaking the bones of her skull and destroying her ear. She had emergency brain surgery as her brain swelled. A year later, her balance was so bad that she couldn't walk down the hall without falling. She couldn't stand still, either. Also, she had a cochlear implant that kept getting infected. She ended up addicted to painmeds and went to rehab. * Woman was painting on a ladder and fell off the ladder. Fell about 14 feet before landing on her jaw. She fell kind of prone. Broke her neck, which eventually healed. Shattered her jaw and all of the bones in her temple where it connects. She knocked out all of her teeth on the top, and they had to do surgeries to repair her jawline. The problem was that her bones weren't strong enough to hold the new implants, so they had to alternate every third tooth and do three sets of surgeries. She was on surgery #32 when I knew her. * A gentleman was at work, then went out to drink with his work friends. Had a little bit too much to drink, then went *back* to work. While at work, he was walking up the stairs and fell over a guardrail in the stairwell. He fell at least two flights. We don't know how he landed, but we do know he broke his pelvis, badly. He laid there for 8 hours until someone found him (which was lucky, because it was a Saturday morning). A year later, he still had foot drop, meaning the nerve through his pelvis to his leg had been crushed. He refused treatment because, in my state, substance use leading to the injury means the insurance only has to pay half. He had to pay the rest. * Gentleman had his leg and foot crushed by a bulldozer. Coworker finished bulldozing one section of a plot early and decided to get started on another plot. Didn't see the guy working on electrical in that plot, and whabam. I left the company before it got resolved, but they were considering amputation because it was simply never going to work ever again. Moral of the story: worker's comp settlements sound great, but 100% of the time, I would keep my health over the settlement they received.
Your parents have no obligation for this debt unless they cosigned on a loan or something like that. Your debt collector is being shady. If they're willing to lie to your parents to get paid, the collector is probably willing to break the laws in other ways. Read up on the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) and see what it says. Ensure that your parents understand the same. In this case, they might think they're doing you a favor by making a small payment, which in fact could cause trouble. Inform your parents that if the debt collector contacts them again, they can tell the debt collector to never contact them again. The FDCPA provides some harsh penalties ($1,000 / ea) if a collector knowingly violates the law.
If they add more work to your plate, you can go to HR and ask for a raise. You can explain what you will be doing that exceeds the current mandate. You can also discuss your work and contributions up to this point. They can deny you, obviously. If they do, it would be fair to find another position with your newfound experience.
You need to freeze your credit. You can do that through all three agencies quite cheaply online. Can you dispute hard pulls? I think you should be able to. Explain that this was not you and your identity has been compromised. You may need to file a police report to be taken seriously by the agencies.
The [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) has good information on this. My advice for you (which I am doing myself): Build a budget. Know how much extra you have per month. Put together an emergency fund: Build a small (~ 1 month's expenses) emergency fund for true emergencies: cars breaking down, surprise medical bill, pets in the vet, etc. Eventually, you will get that to three months and then hopefully six months' expenses. Pay off that high interest debt. In your case, all of your extra (probably including most of the 401(k) contribution) should be going to that credit debt until it's done. Every dollar you spend on this credit card debt saves you $0.24 per year! And that number compounds. The sooner you can pay it off, the better. Another way to think of this is that the credit card debt is likely costing you $0.02 per dollar per month. The 401(k) is probably making you $0.0058 per dollar per month. Yes, it's almost a factor of ten difference.
Avalanche is paying highest interest rate first. Your interest rates are all very similar. At that point, you choose the smallest card and pay that off first (snowball). Make sure to go through your cards pretty carefully: do they have annual fees or balance fees? If they do, pay *those* off first, even if they're higher balances. Absent fees, the difference will be negligible.
The only way that paying it will improve your credit score is if you negotiate a pay-for-delete. That's unlikely to happen on payments; it's more likely to happen on a flat-rate fee. It sounds like you're already on a payment plan? Call and offer to pay the rest of it if they do a pay-for-delete. You can normally negotiate a lower price if you do it at the beginning, rather than agree to a payment plan.
Having a higher total limit helps score in that the same balance then takes up a lower amount of utilization. For example, if you have a $3,500 balance on $35,000 limits, you're at 10%, which is the 'best' utilization tier (lower is better). If you have the same $3,500 balance report but you only have $20,000 of credit, you're at 17.5%, which would drop your score a few points ('good' tier, which is up to about 30% or so). Utilization over 30% hurts your credit very, very fast, but can be reversed simply by reporting a new, lower balance. Also, old cards contribute to Average Age of Accounts, which is really the hardest thing to build in your credit profile. Closing them means they will stop aging and any new accounts will pull it down. So, **if paying down these cards has taught you discipline**, you can leave them open. If not, it's time to close the youngest / any annual fees / lowest limits.
This is more of an /r/relationships issue. Ask him to start covering his portion of the bills. Give him a deadline (say, by July 1st, he will be covering his portion of rent, utilities, and food? Make sure you give him a hard number). Brother or not, don't let him free-load. Your quality of life will be much better.
No, it will not disappear. If you just pay it, it's status will change to "Past Due / Collections: Paid". This is still a negative report, and will continue to count against your credit score. Best case scenario is to negotiate a pay-for-delete. You pay the bill, or some part of it, and they remove it entirely and consider the debt satisfied. Read up on the [collections](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections) and [credit repair](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_bad_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_repair_it.) sections of the wiki. Some companies will do pay-for-deletes; some won't. This is a negotiation, so keep your cards close (eg, don't let on that you can pay the whole amount while offering them half).
Clarify with Toby from HR whether you'll be paid for those two weeks, since some companies (IT, government contractor, etc) will pay you to not come in as a security feature. You can file for unemployment, but from my understanding, many states won't grant it under these circumstances. It's worth a shot, regardless. Call your new employer and let them know you're available sooner as your current company has cut ties for security policy reasons. Make sure you have your pay stubs saved (all of them) in case the company tries anything funky. Standard departure stuff: update your address with HR so they can mail your W2, etc etc. Make sure you clarify that you should still get paid vacation, sick time, etc per company policy and state law, because you gave them the two weeks'. Download a copy of your employee manual. **Don't sign anything**. You have nothing to gain and everything to lose, unless they offer severance or the like. Check /r/legaladvice/ and see how many companies ask their employees to sign NDAs, non-competes, etc, AFTER they've been let go. It's not worth it unless you get something in return (eg, a severance).
I work in a medical devices company. The people who overread our data are 10-20 year veterans from hospitals (read: technophobes) Our software is a little buggy and has some quirks, but they will blame ANYTHING on "bugs". Forgot to enter required data? "Our software is buggy." Software won't let you violate federal law? "Damn, this software sucks!" Software tells you it's working as intended? "I hate this software!" That'd be fine, except they say it on the phone with our customers.
Generally, if someone isn't internet savvy enough to see through this scam, I'd tell them to stay away from bitcoin.
Since you're communicating in writing with the state's official lawyer, I recommend being truthful. If your number isn't high enough, they won't settle and will sue you, then garnish / seize your income / bank account.
&gt; I had asked for signature sheets showing it was transferred, commission rates on my debt etc. They don't need to jump through your hoops to verify. They did send your packet, and it sounds like they already did a good job of verifying. So, the easiest option is out. There are two other options: you can either 1) settle, or 2) make them take you to court. Settling is the best possible option, because you might be able to get a Pay For Delete were you agree to pay them a certain amount and they agree to remove it from your credit. Getting taken to court is really the worst possible outcome. They will almost certainly get a judgement (you've seen their documentation and said yourself you aren't trying to 'get out of it'). Once they get a judgement, they can take some extra steps and do things like garnish your wages at work, or simply seize the money straight from your bank account. I think California's Statute of Limitations on CC debt is four years; when did your debt go bad? If they don't sue you before four years, you can show up to court and ask whether this debt if past SOL or not. Things like making a payment, admitting it's your debt, promising to pay it off, all reset the SOL clock. Either way, it will age off of your credit account after 7.5 years (creditors can't see it) unless you get a judgement, which is 10 years. TL;DR: You might be able to negotiate a pay-for-delete. The more money you have right now, the more likely they are to accept.
I didn't love the DLC. It took all of the absurdly grindy parts of the game and make you do that for 2-3 hours, and that was the whole DLC. Lord of the Hunt was fun but The Bright Lord was like giving yourself papercuts on your tongue.
Ok, sorry to be nitpicky, but those "new overtime rules" [**did not** go into effect](https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/legal-and-compliance/employment-law/pages/judge-blocks-flsa-overtime-rule.aspx). It doesn't affect your question except for the sake of having spurred this. Your employer *can* say, "You are not allowed to go into overtime, and we will fire you if you do." That employee can then be fired for working unauthorized overtime (but they still must be paid for that overtime on the way out). However, your company must pay you for all hours worked, fairly. If you are hourly non-exempt (some hourly employees can be exempt from overtime- some IT professionals or emergency/fire, for example), you deserve to be paid overtime. Your coworkers need to band together and all report to the Department of Labor at the same time. The documentation is going to need to be complete and thorough: "My employer says I cannot report more than 40 hours, but I frequently work more than 40 hours." The problem is that if they aren't even putting the hours on their time sheet, the company doesn't have an *opportunity* to pay them. The company "doesn't know" that its employees are working overtime. I think the best solution is having all of the effect employees speak to the chain of command and make it clear that they can't perform their current workload in 40 hours. If they have the support of the unaffected individuals, it is more likely to succeed. But, essentially, you need to stage a mutiny until the leadership supports you.
Did the manger *accept* the late rent payment on the fifth? And was that payment for last month and this month, or just one month of rent (which means they are still a month late)?
To be honest, it's not too far from what Hollywood does anyway. :-P
This is not all correct. It's true that **paying a debt does not remove it from your credit score**, but ALL negative reports can only stay on your account from 7.5 years of the Date of First Delinquency. [15 U.S.C. § 1681c - page 22, PDF warning](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/pdf-0111-fair-credit-reporting-act.pdf)
Perhaps this is better suited at /r/legaladvice. If you would be employed in CA, [any non-compete you sign with them would be void](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/understanding-californias-ban-on-non-compete-agreements_us_58af1626e4b0e5fdf6196f04). The problem is that just because it's void doesn't prevent your company from trying to enforce it; ie, taking you to court to learn that it is indeed invalid. It'd be worth having a conversation if they bring it up: "Hey, non-competes aren't valid in California. Can we scratch this paragraph out?" As for your current non-compete: no one here has read it nor know it. Take it to a lawyer. Are you moving to California (with an achin' in your heart)? The distance should be far enough that it doesn't interfere with your non-compete. Generally, they must be: 1) Limited in scope (eg, "with 50 miles of Company's headquarters") 2) Must have consideration (getting hired usually *is* consideration; continued employment generally is *not*, except in my state) 3) Limited in time (eg, 6 mo or 1 year - no ten year agreements) 4) Cannot prevent you from earning a living (eg, medical doctors can't sign non-competes in Delaware. Where else is an MD gonna work besides a doctor's office?)
It's likely you cannot speak to Sprint directly, as they likely sold the debt to another company (therefore, they have no legal authority over the debt). However, give it a shot, and escalate it. Remember to be friendly and polite. "Hey, I have this question and I'm hoping you can help me with it..." Normally, collections fees have to be "reasonable". How much of the bill is collections fees vs. late fees or whatever? If it's $0.01 + 10 months of late fees at $30 / apiece, and then interest, and *then* it's sold to collections, it's a different case than a $0.01 debt being sold and a $749.99 collection fee added. Either way... perhaps you can just ignore it and let it age off, since your credit isn't perfect anyway? And if you do get sued, it wouldn't be a bad idea to look and the judge and say, "They're trying to charge me a $750 fee for a *one penny bill*." Also, expect the judge to ask you why you didn't pay the one penny bill... or at least work to resolve it. Read the [wiki on collections](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections) so you don't accidentally do or say something that resets the Statute of Limitations, which is the period of time during which you can be sued to collect that debt. As always, if you get sued, show up.
A pay for delete is an agreement where you pay them, they consider the debt satisfied (done, taken care of), and then they report it to the credit agencies as "please remove from report." The agencies (Experian, Equifax, and Transunion) then remove it from your record and it never happened. It doesn't hurt your credit anymore. &gt; Also what verbiage should I use to make sure any amount we negotiate off is actually taken off and not just passed onto another collection agency? The word you're looking for is *satisfied*. "So, I think I could make a payment of $300 today, assuming that **satisfies** the debt and then you remove it from my report. If you can get that to me in writing, I'll get you the payment." &gt; Should I not be paying these old credit card debts that are in collection now? My only goal is to improve my credit score here. Long term goal is to buy a house within 10 years, finance a car in 5. This sub is /r/personalfinance, not /r/moraladvice. Assuming your goals are long-term stability: no, paying money you don't have to is a bad long-term decision. Do you owe this money? Probably. But if they're not going to sue you for it, the worst they can do is report it to your credit for a certain period of time (7 years, approximately). Also, there are strong consumer protections in place. If you tell them to stop calling you, they *must* stop calling you. They can call your place of work or a relative, but only to try to get ahold of you, and *must* stop when either you or your employer or relative ask them to stop (this is codified in the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act). These collections will hurt your credit until they hit seven years old, then age off. Hopefully, by that time, your on-time payment history with credit cards and loans will be well established and your report will look squeaky clean (because, remember, after a pay-for-delete or age-off, it basically never happened!). &gt; I owe a lot more on taxes, about 11k. I also have a personal loan for 10k that is not in collections. Finally I have medical debts that are around 1k. I am currently paying on time for everything but the medical debt. To me, paying taxes is *waaaay* more important that past-due CCs. The government can and will just *take* the money from you. Don't let that happen. First and foremost, get your open accounts current and keep them there (read the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com//r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). Spoiler alert: it's build an emergency fund, live within your means, make more money, and spend less). &gt; starting to think I just shouldn't, if it won't help my goals. At this point, it won't. If you can't afford to pay them, don't contact them until you can. Then, when you can, call out of the blue and offer a settlement. That's what I did on one of my former collections accounts, and they took $200 for an $800 medical bill that was 4 years old. Also, keep fighting the good fight. When I started browsing this sub, I couldn't get a CC and had a 580. I now have a 781 credit score and got a 2% unsecured auto loan this year. It's possible.
Generally, you should not have to pay to use your credit card. The bank and credit card company already take a percentage (about the same, 2%) to the seller. I would keep looking for a regular card. If you can't get one of those, consider a secured card like the Discover It Secured or CapitalOne Secured Mastercard. You give them $200 USD and then they give you a $200 USD limit, and you get that security deposit back when you close the card. The idea is that they have no annual fee and still work as a credit card (not prepaid!). I'm sorry but I don't know if those cards work in your country. Pre-paid cards don't report to your credit. In the US, even pre-paid cards don't charge a percentage, but they might charge a fee to load money.
You don't have a strong recourse. The good news is that you won't be sued for this money and it will fall off of your credit report, regardless, after a maximum of 7 years from when you stopped paying. There is a (non-zero) possibility that the company will give you a pay-for-delete anyway. Some companies do it as a courtesy: "Hey, you paid us, have your credit score back." You won't know that until the end. Some companies don't do pay-for-deletes as a patter of principle, since it breaks the credit reporting system (which is already so, so broken in the US). I would agree that you shouldn't give them access to your payment information, but what's done is done. If they pull more than they agreed to, dispute the charge and they'll have to fork over the audio recording where your bank can hear you say you authorized *payments*. Read up on our [collections wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections) so you don't dig yourself further down.
Why did they charge you two overdraft fees? It could be because paypal tried to draft from your account twice? (Many companies will do this: if they get an NSF, they'll try again a week later). Either way, if paypal erroneously charged your account, *they* should cover the overdraft... but I'm relatively sure paypal doesn't just charge people's accounts for no reason (that's a good way to go to jail). Are you sure it wasn't an eBay statement or similar? Your recourse would be to report either your bank or Paypal to the [Consumer Financial Protection Bureau](https://www.consumerfinance.gov/). The more clear and precise your narrative is, and the better your supporting documents, the more likely they are to help you.
Generally, balance transfers don't count towards minimum spends. Subs like /r/churning would have details, or you can search for your card's fine print and check.
Yes, debt collectors can be shady, but most of them aren't criminals. Using the bank info to take out more than agreed upon is theft and is still a crime. If that happens, you go straight to the police.
I used Lightstream. They gave me an unsecured auto loan for 2.59% for $10,000 and the money was deposited the day after I accepted it. $10K loan, $50K income, 730-740 credit score. I think it took three days from application to deposit. No issues whatsoever. Their website says that it is marketed as an auto loan, but can be used to anything except paying off student debt.
Truly, it's ok. You pay a little bit extra, but on most interest rates, it's really not as much as people think. Also, there was a big thread here a while back about how [snowball is more successful for motivation reasons](https://np.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/60v300/harvard_business_review_snowball_method_tends_to/). I would recommend paying credit cards first, because the difference between 5% student loan and 22% credit card is going to be significant - but, hopefully, the credit card debt is smaller than the student loan (generally). You're fighting the good fight. Keep it up!
SAY IT AGAIN FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BAAAACK! I'm going to bookmark this page, because it's the hardest thing to grasp that *any* extra goes straight to principal. I advocate having a "minimum" that is more than your actual minimum. So, even on my $100 / month loan, my minimum is $150 (I still pay $200).. But seriously, congratulations. I'm a couple of years behind you, with a much larger starting balance. But people are asking me why I work so much, and why I don't buy this or that. I invited a friend to come over for some drinks to celebrate the $3300 student loan payment I'd made that month, and she told me I needed to "chill and live life for a bit." I can't wait to be where you are now - complete with the Excel guru skills.
Not to be a jerk, but being reported to collections for owing a fee and then not paying it is hardly outrageous; in fact, I'd say that's exactly how the credit system is supposed to work. [Read our fantastic wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections) on the subject. Essentially, you're going to try to either dispute it (how good was their documentation when they validated it?) or do a pay-for-delete. Honestly, it sounds like you can call them and offer them, say, $100 in exchange for them deleting it from her credit. They can say no, they can ask for $168, or they can simply say "we don't do that." It's a negotiation, so be prepared to haggle. You can try to pursue the lack of validation within a timely manner, but you're going to have to provide proof of that, and then be able to furnish the proof. That would be a reasonable defense if you got sued, but no one is going to sue over a $168 debt. Is the postmark 3/13 or did you receive the letter on 3/13?
Oh, okay! I didn't see that part. Absolutely don't pay it it you don't owe it. Any paper evidence she has to disprove their claims will help. You just have to discredit their validation docs and get that to the credit bureaus, since she is unlikely to be sued.
Generally, send a death certificate and don't give them your phone number. They can't require the parent to pay the debt (unless the parent co-signed on a loan, for example, but generally those discharge on death). If the company does bother the executor, the executor can inform the creditor to cease collection attempts. Failure to do so is a violation of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) and punishable by a $1,000 fine per infraction. Frankly, the best plan is to probe that the estate is insolvent and let it go from there. And be steadfast that the parents don't have to pay a dime of the deceased's accounts (and better not, because then they might owe the whole account).
Call Amex. It's possible they got flagged as fraudulent, and maybe corporate got alerted instead of you.
1) What does your contract say? 2) Generally, yes. Expect a billing statement for the time he did work.
Credit inquiries stop counting against your credit after 6 months (reportedly). When are you planning on financing the car? If it's 90 days+, I would say pull the trigger on a card. It will take 10 days to receive the card, 30 days for a statement, and then 21 days to have a due date, so 60 days is really the minimum before you start getting credit history from a new card. You say you learned your lesson. Congrats! You know why credit cards shouldn't be abused. However, they can be a useful tool (for fraud protection, rewards, etc). Just make sure to pay off the balance in full, on or before the due date, each month. Spending more money doesn't build credit faster, so one small purchase is all you need (Netflix, Spotify, or even a tank of gas). Do you have good credit? Do you have history that reports? Apply for an entry level card (Discover It, Capital One low-tier). If you haven't had cards before, you likely won't get a second tier card (Freedom, Doublecash, etc) unless you have loan history (student loans, auto loans, etc).
Dragging the loan out will add positive payment history and increase your Average Age of Accounts, both of which are "big" factors (30%). You will probably see a slight *drop* in your credit score, because the account is no longer reporting / number of accounts. Honestly, it's not worth paying money to build a credit score. The payment history should stick with you for 10 years.
And judging by his t-shirt, it was probably a pretty good choice for his style of music (thrash/speed metal).
I just want to say **congratulations**. That's a big hunk on a fair salary.
[See this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/6gvh5k/50000_in_student_loans_paid_off_in_25_years_with/ditsnw8/): &gt; For a sub literally called personal finance, a surprising number of people get cranky when anyone actually succeeds financially.
Two things to consider: will this BA give you greater earning potential? (Eg, when you graduate, not only will you need to make more than $40,000, you'll need to make enough to justify spending the money on your education). What's the earning potential look like at this job? Do you start at $40,000 and that's pretty much the limit? Or will you get raises? What's the earning cap on your $40,000 job? (eg, waiting tables pays reasonably well in some areas, but it has a very real earning ceiling). Another option is to work the $40k job while taking evening classes to prep yourself for a 4-year-degree. That's usually the cheapest way to do a degree.
&gt; **36% apr and a 50%apr**... taking out a loan from a respected bank at even a rate of 10 percent would be smarter I think, assuming I can use it to pay off all my current debt right? Oh my god, yes yes yes get those payday loans paid off. Get the 50% percent APR loan paid first, then 36%, then everything else. ANY 'respectable' company (bank, credit union, etc) that *will* refinance those loans will do it for a better rate that will keep you from going bankrupt. Pay any and all extra money on those loans - if you've got $20 in quarters in a jar somewhere, throw it at your loan. If you can scrape together $50 this month by eating only PB&amp;J and ramen noodles, that is another $50 that doesn't build at an INSANE interest rate. As for your other questions: **closed accounts don't hurt your credit**; bad reports do. So make sure that all of the things on your credit are on-time (positive) reports. If they aren't (past-due, collections, etc) see the [wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico) on credit and also [improving scores](http://www.reddit.com//r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building). It is normal for an authorized user account to report to your credit; it's really the only way to 'game' the system. Regarding closed accounts: one thing that builds your FICO score is 'Average Age of Accounts'; essentially, you want all of your accounts to be as old as possible, but you never want to pay to build credit history. So you should have old credit cards accounts and mortgages, essentially. To answer your final question, you should call Citi and see if they can remove it from your report. For example, if you can truthfully say, "I didn't use the card; my dad added me without my consent," there is no reason it should report to your credit. Finally, please read those thinks I linked to (the Auto Moderator also linked to them). There is a lot there, but it answers a lot of questions and it sounds like you have a lot of basic questions on how credit scores (and credit) work.
I've worked in doctor's offices for five years. Call and speak to the office manager about it. Your success is really going to depend on how you control the tone of the conversation ('social engineering'): &gt; Hey, I'm calling about a fee that I'm being charged. *Can you help me with that?* I was told it would be a $30 fee, but it looks like I'm being billed $50. *Do you know why that is?* Don't point fingers, don't say 'you need to fix this', don't be adversarial. Essentially, the goal is to make them a bit uncomfortable by making them state that they're charging you more than you expected. Americans really don't like haggling and talking about money; there's a very good chance you can get it talked down just by being nice about it.
This sounds like a simple HR mistake. Speak to your HR department and ask them to figure out what's going on. It's likely someone selected 'deduction' instead of 'reimbursement'. I'd expect them to fix it in the next paycheck or two. If that doesn't work, you can go to your state's Department of Labor and open a wage claim, but that's a quick way to lose favor with your employer.
Which is more important: saving on interest, or vanity? From a financial perspective, you should never pay money to 'build credit.' Closing the loan early won't hurt you (it's not a negative mark). If you want to build history, open a no-annual-fee credit card that you can leave open for many years, and that you put one small item per month on. Go ahead and pay the loan.
This question is probably better suited for /r/legaladvice. It's possible that you signed your lease with the agency and not the owner. In that case, your contract with be with the agency and not the owner; you would go after the agency for the funds. That said, it'd be pretty hard to do $5,000 of damage without being willfully negligent. As you said, there was wear and tear (which they cannot charge you for). If they try to sue you in court, they have to prove the damages - I hope you took pictures upon move-out. They can send you to collections but you can dispute it. You'll need to get small claims involved to get your security deposit back. Look up your state's laws on return of security deposit; in many states, they have either 30 or 60 days (some states are 21 days) to either send an itemized accounting of charges or return the whole thing. If they don't send that by the due date, they forfeit the right to withhold anything. Either way, gear up for a small claims appearance. Save all the documentation you have (pictures, walk through sheets, your agency person who can verify that there was little damage, your spouse). Also, double-check to make sure who your lease was with (owner or agency).
Two 1.2% checking accounts with the same balance accrue interest at the same rate as one 1.2% checking account with the same total balance. She may be asking to get an account for money that would be spent on joint things: vacations, travel, food, etc. That said, and please don't take this the wrong way: do *not* intermingle finances with a girlfriend, especially at 20 yrs old. This forum is full of people who are about to be married or buy a house together and still have separate finances, and it's still a problem. Other than that, it's really a /r/relationships issue.
Your taxes for 1099 will need to include the other half of the 7.8% FICA tax that your employer would normally cover. Make sure to put away about 25-30% of your earnings for taxes. If you need to crunch the numbers, you can do something like 2016 TurboTax or TaxAct and put in the 2017 numbers (and tuition, fees, etc). Taxes aren't going to vary too much year-to-year. Also: make sure you keep track of *everything*. Do you use your cell phone and personal computer for work? Ok, what percentage of the time? Do you drive your car for work? Ok, how much milage compared to your regular driving. Etc, etc.
Ooof. Sorry you're in this boat. The email thing might work in your favor; usually, itemized deductions would need to be written (ink to paper) and mailed via USPS or hand-delivered (better to mail it for postmark). At this point, I'd let them simmer for another 10 days before sending a demand letter for the whole amount, since they clearly aren't going to send anything. One more thing that I didn't mention: You should only need to return a property in the state it was given to you minus wear and tear. You haven no need to make it cleaner than they gave it to you, and they can't charge you for things like painting whole rooms because of wear and tear.
I would recommend 25-30% of each check. Personally, I upped my withholdings from my desk job. I just had my W4 withhold an additional $100 per paycheck. I make $46,000 + $10,000 1099, so between my normal return (~$1500) and my W4 withholding ($2600), I am covered on taxes. I haven't gotten a good answer on quarterly. They say if that if your taxes owed were under $1,000 last year, or this is your first year filing 1099 income, you don't need to do quarterly, but I haven't gotten a good answer on your/my situation.
Yes, 25 points for under 30% utilization is a lot. That sounds like a couple of things - you likely have limited credit available and you probably have few positive reports (limited history). The good news is that utilization has no memory - it resets every month, and last month's utilization does't hurt you. So, pay off your credit card per usual (that is, as fast as possible so it doesn't charge interest). At some point, consider opening a second card, perhaps a mid-tier card like Chase Freedom or Citi Doublecash, so that it won't be such a big deal to have a $400 item on your card. Chase is very generous with their credit limits, which would mean that your $400 charge would be a significantly smaller portion of your credit limit.
Any of a number of things could've happened: 1) The debt could've been sold from one company to another. In this instance, the first company removes their report so company #2 can report it. 2) Your state's laws could limit the amount of time the debt can appear on your report. 3) The account is now older than 7 years (unlikely, since you said 2) and must be removed from your report. 4) Company could've filed inaccurate information, or lost records, or lost track of your debt. That happens all the time, though normally it wouldn't be removed without you taking some action. Either way, it can't hurt you. Just keep an eye on it, make sure it doesn't reappear, and be prepared to follow the steps in the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit) if it does.
&gt; to only pay them if they'll delete from the report, not show "paid in full" because that will restart the clock. Partially correct. At this point, **Only pay it if they do a pay-for-delete**. If you pay and don't have a pay-for-delete agreement, the status changes to "Paid: Less than Amount Due," or similar, which is *still a negative report* and will continue to drag your score down. A single negative report is worth tens of good reports, so it's very hard to have a decent score until you get negative reports off. The 'resetting the clock' is actually two concepts: there is the amount of time it can be on your report, and the amount of time you can be sued for it. Those are two different things. **Claiming** the debt, which can be done by offering to pay the debt, paying any portion of the debt, setting up a payment plan, or even just saying "yes, the debt is valid," will all reset your Statute of Limitations. This is the amount of time you can be sued for it. There is a federal limit to how long your debt can show on your report, and that's 7.5 years (FCRA 605(c) ). It must be removed from your report after 7.5 years from the Date of First Delinquency, regardless of whether you can be sued for it or not. So TL;DR: keep trying to negotiate a pay-for-delete. Some companies won't accept them on principle. Either way, they will be off of your report after 7.5 years. Also, please read our [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit) - it's got a lot of good information.
This feels deliberately misleading. Paying off debts without getting them removed won't improve the credit score any faster than not doing anything.
It will hurt your credit in the long run because it limits the [Average Age of Accounts](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/age-of-credit-history). It can also lower your credit limit which means your utilization could be higher. If it's higher than 30% or so, it hurts your score pretty quickly. The Discover It are usually no-annual-fee cards, so leave it open and put one small purchase on it every 6 months or so to keep it open, since it sounds like you have the discipline to not use it.
I believe that having a chase bank account improves your odds of getting the card. It's worth nothing that Chase doesn't have any 'entry-level' cards. Their Freedom / Freedom Unlimited are very much mid-tier cards, and generally you need a year or two of credit history before you can apply for them. Once you have them, they're good rewards cards - Freedom has 1% cashback on everything, and 5% cashback on rotating categories (right now, it's grocery stores, other times it's gas or Costco/Sam's Club). I say wait a bit until you've got decent history to apply for the mid-tier cards. I got a Freedom with 9 months credit card history on a $200 unsecured card and 2 years student loans payments and otherwise perfect credit.
Hold on a second - this debt is 9 years old? Well, first off, it shouldn't be on your credit report. If it is, dispute is as older than 7.5 years and it will be taken off immediately. Second off, don't bother paying it. If it's not on your credit report, no one knows it even happened, so paying it won't do anything but give a debt collector a nice commission paycheck. That money won't even make it back to the original doctor, since the collector already paid them. It's likely they could sue you due to the things you said resetting the statute of limitations, but there's a reasonable possibility they won't sue over a nine year old debt. Read up on the [collections wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). If, and only if, they sue you, you might consider paying the full amount. If they refuse to accept it at that time, just go to court and ask 1) whether the debt is outside of SoL, and 2) why they didn't respond to your attempt to pay them.
Check out the [credit repair wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). Do the same thing: write and ask for validation of the debt. Usually, they can't collect until they verify, but the Supreme Court just clarified that buyers of debt (eg, the new collection company) aren't subject to the FDCPA due to poor definitions by Congress. What's going on is the first company realized this debt was noncollectable because you requested documentation they didn't have. They sold the debt to another company, and the other company is trying to collect on this. Until this Monday, advice would've been to send a certified letter disputing the debt and requesting verification, then using their lack of validation to get it off your report. I would still recommend that course, but I don't know if it will work.
Thanks, good advice that I hadn't thought about. I was recommending Chase because the have good cards and I'm personally familiar with them. I really do like the Freedom and am surprised to find that my first real card is also the one I use the most (5% this quarter on grocery stores, and 5% next quarter on restaurants). The Amazon Signature is pretty lenient on approval and 5% cashback on Amazon/Prime purchases. That's pretty good! I am unsure what their credit limits look like.
No, paying a debt in collections does NOT improve your credit score, contrary to popular belief (google it if you don't believe me). That's why I recommended not paying it until your hand is forced. If they want you to pay it, they can take you to court over it (and you can pay what you owe right before the court date). What is your state's statute of limitations on debt? If it's under 6 years, there's good chance that even if they do sue, you won't owe the debt. (SOL is different than reporting to your credit.) Either way - it should not be on your credit, so make sure it's not reporting. If it is, dispute it as over 7.5 years old and they will remove it instantly. That is a separate issue from whether you need to pay it, but then at least it won't hurt your score.
All the money he saves in fuel will offset the cost of his lawyer at the reckless endangerment hearing. ;) Arg, 3600 rpm is 82-84 mph in my 07 Legacy 2.5i. I want a sixth gear!
Easy! Who can afford to eat, when spending all their money on car parts? :-D
There are still [requirements for Student Loan Forgiveness](https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/teacher). The big one is that your school needs to be Title I / 30% reduced lunch, or you need to be a fullly certified math/science teacher. Also, your type of loans matter. How can you possibly just say "yep, they qualify", especially on a conversation about how people are getting screwed by not carefully checking requirements?
[The Massachusetts Wage Act includes vacation time as 'earned wages'](https://malegislature.gov/Laws/GeneralLaws/PartI/TitleXXI/Chapter149/Section148): &gt;The word ''wages'' shall include any holiday or vacation payments due an employee under an oral or written agreement. Not a lawyer, and not in Mass. Sounds like you should make your HR aware of the fact. If you don't think that'll go well, you can [file a wage complaint](http://www.mass.gov/ago/doing-business-in-massachusetts/workplace-rights/file-a-complaint.html), but that's normally a retroactive cure.
Either way, the landlord should pay your cancellation fee. If he cashes the next check, he has committed a crime and you can call the police. Also, be prepared to take him to small claims court to recoup that money, including all of the fees it would cause. Make sure to save all of your documentation- especially him saying, "I lost it and I need another check."
Normally, if you quit that company, all money from the 401(k) loan comes immediately due (actually, I think it's 60 days). It sounds like you wouldn't have up to $9,000 sitting around should you need to repay it in a hurry, so... don't quit for be fired for two years? In most cases, you can only borrow 50% of the total value of the 401(k). You may not be able to make normal 401(k) contributions after borrowing.
[Read our wiki on credit](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit). Generally, you'll request validation. If they cannot validate, you can get it removed. Then, you'll dispute, using any inaccurate information in their validation (or lack of validation). It's their job to prove that you did have service (which won't be hard), so you need to prove that you cancelled the service. You likely didn't write down the cancellation number, but did you get a receipt or anything when you returned the equipment? You might be able to do a pay-for-delete where you pay the creditor the $120 and they remove it from your credit; some creditors don't do that. Either way, they aren't going to sue you over $120, but your score will suffer until the account reaches 7.5 years from Date of First Delinquency, at which time it'll be removed from your credit.
&gt; Or will another collections agency make a hard inquiry on my report if they bought my debt? A hard inquiry is when a company uses Experian/Equifax/TranUnion's system and says, "Hey, give me your file on Darksilopher. He wants a credit card." Experian/Equifax/TransUnion make note of that and then electronically send over your credit file. You're thinking of 'reporting a collections account'. This is when the company that bought your debt from Comcast reports it to your account again. This is normal and could happen. Remember that there are three agencies (listed above) and different services (CK, Credit Sesame) use different ones. The information at all three isn't going to be identical, so that could be why you're getting varied information.
You're confusing two things: a **debit withdrawal** and a **cash advance**. A cash advance is when you swipe your **credit card** at an ATM and they lend you money. That interest usually starts accruing that date. A debit (or a withdrawal) is when you use your debit card pull that money out of your account at an ATM. There is usually a few dollar fee to do this. But, to answer your question: yes, if you've got a debit card and it has money in the account it's tied to, go to an ATM and make a withdrawal. The ATM will tell you what the fee will be, and your bank might charge another dollar or two. Depending on the size of the purchase, you don't need to go into the bank - the tellers will ask you to use the ATM. If it's over your ATM limit, you may need to go into the bank.
Ooof. Well, your company knows that you're not going to quit, so you *have no leverage*. What are you going to do, quit? Nope. The best option for your position is to find a new job and ask your current job to match the pay. If they say no, you leave your current job. From what you've said, it looks like the first job would know you're bluffing. Second option is to sit down and explain a few things 1) you haven't gotten a raise in three years, 2) you are doing this on your own, and 3) you're underpaid as it is. 4) Plus, look at all the things that I've done to save the company money, improve our processes, and increase quality of product! &gt; I don't want to teach my employers I can continuously get rejected for raises and still happily stick around. You've done this for *three years*. You should've been out the door two years ago!
Is it worth $9,000 to a private party or a dealership? If the answer is dealership, then the good news is you can likely get closer to $11-12 for it selling private party. To do that, you agree on a price and then you go into the bank. The buyer pays you what they agreed, and you pay the rest of the lien, the bank signs over the title. Buyer walks out with the car &amp; title, and you walk out with no car payment. If the answer is *actually* worth $9,000, there's not a lot you can do. If you trade it in and you're underwater, buying a $3,000 will mean you now owe $7000 instead of $13000 (math below). The end result is you just traded your newer, more reliable car for a crappy $3000 car and a slightly smaller payment. I hate to say it, but I don't think your answer is here. Math: * Total owed: $13,000 * Car value: $9,000 * Trade in means you still owe **$4,000** * New car: $3000 * Total new loan: $4,000 + $3,000 = $7,000
The owner can't charge you for normal wear and tear, so I would definitely argue that *any* cabinets would need to be replaced after **twenty years**, especially cheap ones. Find the law in your state that says something about wear and tear, and put together a nice letter telling the landlord to "shove it" (in nicer terms).
Not unusual for a recruiter. I've worked with a couple of recruiters, and basically their pay is based on eliminating misunderstandings. I remember one recruiter who said, "This company won't be able to pay you what they're asking. They say $15 but usually will go up to $17; they won't pay you $20. Let's not waste your time."
Your state has a Department of Labor (unless it's Florida), so go to their website and look up "Wage Claim". The more documentation, the better. Do mention you have video of yourself doing the job (weird, but ok). You'll get at least minimum wage. It will take a month or two, but you'll get most of what you're owed.
Pay off your credit cards highest interest rate first. Pay it as soon as you can; every month that you don't pay it costs you about $20 in interest (that then compounds). Don't mess around with dragging it out, etc. Make sure to keep an emergency fund - 3 to 6 month's actual living expenses, if possible. More is better and it will prevent you from racking up those cards again. Paying off the cards will lower your utilization, which will bring up your score a bit. As for the comcast bill: essentially, negotiate a pay-for-delete (offer 'em $175 if they take if off your account entirely). Also, read up on the [credit part of the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit). Getting the Comcast collections *removed* from your account will help, but simply paying it won't help your score.
Great question. I would offer $175 total. Expect them to haggle; they're not expecting to get any money out of it, so any extra dollars they get out of it fattens up their commission check. Collections and credit score are brutal. One collections report drags down your score more than 50 on-time reports brings it up.So if you can get the Comcast off, it'll jump by a few points. If your credit card will let you get it current, (so that it has a 'times late' rather than 'currently late', that will be worth some more points). Like you said, it is very case dependent, but usually two collections -&gt; none collections is somewhere on the order of 50-75 points increase. Depending on your utilization, 50% down to &lt; 10% could be another 20-30 point increase, but that's very dependent on your specific history.
Definitely alert them to it, and break out your logic. When you tell them the 12 kW * H *for an entire month*, they'll figure it out pretty quick. The only situation I can think of is the 'adjustment' scenario you mentioned. It's possible is someone is stealing from your meter or the meter is damaged.
It's unlikely anything will come from them trying to collect early, especially with the FDCPA having been gutted recently. If you have proof of payment, just send that back with a copy of their collections materials, informing them that they jumped the gun and the debt was paid before it was past due, and any further attempts to collect it are invalid. Keep all the documentation - things like this could easily become a zombie debt.
The only question that matters: **has paying off this debt taught you discipline?** Ie, if you leave these cards open, will you rack up debt again? If you can leave the cards open, they will continue to build credit history. I believe the Citi &amp; Chase Slate cards have no annual fee. I don't know about the other two. I say keep open your *oldest* card and your *highest credit limit*. The highest limit (USAA) also has the lowest rate. It looks like your Rooms has another 3 years of no interest. You could use it as an emergency card and close it as soon as the intro period is over? Theoretically, interest doesn't actually matter, since you'll be paying off the entire balance when it comes due, *riiiight?* TL;DR: Leave open the Citi and USAA cards, and close the others. Bolster your emergency fund so you don't end up paying on credit cards again.
They bring down your average age of accounts, which hurts your credit score. It's possible that each application comes with a hard credit pull, which hurts your score (a bit) for 6 months but will fall off at 2 years. Eventually, amazon will look at your lack of use and stop approving you. If this is the type of game you want to play, there are benefits *waaaay* better than a few gift cards. See /r/churning for more details. I just cashed out a $1,000 opening card bonus from the Chase Sapphire (which is back down to $500).
&gt; everything with my amex or student card just to keep my credit nice and high. Hovering around 750 right now. Always pay on time and in full :) Putting more on a card doesn't build credit faster. $10 usage and $1,000 usage, both paid ontime, report the same to your report (besides utilization, which resets every month). If you keep your reported utilization below 30%, your score will be higher than if it's above 30%. Utilization does reset every month, the next time the card reports.
The 'gas card' is a recommendation because the idea is you *only* put gas on it, and therefore it's harder for it to get out of control like normal credit cards. It also fits the easiest build credit scheme: "put one small purchase, like a tank of gas, per month and then pay it off in full each month." Boom, you're building credit. As mentioned below, spending more on a card doesn't build credit faster. One purchase, even spotify or netflix, paid off each month will still report positively. The advantage of some 'gas cards' is that they get a percentage off - maybe 2-3%. That's awesome because it's just free money, *as long as you never pay interest*. So make sure to pay it off in full each month.
[Check out our wiki to see the official recommendations](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). This should be your order of priorities: 0) Build a budget to figure out how much you actually can play with. 1) I'm not sure what your employer matches for retirement (probably none if it's a PhD stipend) 2) **build an emergency fund**. Even if it's just $1,000, that means you won't have to dip into your credit cards to pay for something small. blah blah blah, 3) high interest debt. This is your credit cards. Get those down as fast as possible. $10,000 at 22% (avg) is about $183+ per month in interest - that's just money that gets wasted. Overpayment is the best idea. Your $425 / month is fantastic and will save you thousands of dollars along the line. Another option, if you credit is good or your parents are willing to refinance, is to take a line of credit. That will likely be 6-8%, depending on terms, and you would pay that money to pay off your credit cards. You would be trading an 8% interest rate for your 22% interest rate, which again would save you thousands. You're doing this right. Keep fighting the good fight!
Yeah, cars are the most incredible example of prices varying by region I've ever seen. In Colorado, "outdoorsy cars" like Subarus and crossovers (Honda CRV, VW Tiguans) go for about 1.5x Kelly Blue Book. My buddy just saved himself almost $5,000 by flying one-way to Kentucky, buying the car, and then driving it across the country when he bought a newish car.
Just another voice saying you seem to be on the right path. 3.4% is a fine interest rate for a used car, especially from a dealership. Having a loan is fine on a newer car, because hopefully you won't be throwing money at repairs. Just make sure to have a pre-purchase inspection at a shop or dealership you trust. Google the make and model year and find common issues and ask your mechanic to check for those issues specifically. It sounds like you drive a lot, so put a hundred bucks (+/-) a month into a savings account specifically earmarked for car repairs.
Oh, ok. I didn't realize RTG was special. I agree, go ahead and close that. &gt; I only regret that I didn't "wake up" sooner. Oooof, me too. I wasted a bunch of money in college, and had no idea what I was doing. I took out a bunch of unnecessary student loans at 6.8% because it was easier than working. Needless to say, I'm working 70 hours a week trying to get those paid off. :-D Keep fighting the good fight! Congrats on being so, so close!
Your con #1 needs to be expanded: Extra costs include insurance, sewage / water hookups, car repairs (except it's your home, that can get towed away if it can't drive), plus internet, power, etc. I say use $3,000 as an emergency fund, put $59,000 in a retirement account, and use $1,000 as a security deposit on a cheap apartment. There's simply no way you can drive an hour each way multiple times a week on in RV without it needing MAJOR upkeep. As expensive as car maintenance is, multiply that by 2.5 for an RV. Tires, transmissions, brakes, etc. Everything's bigger, heavier, and more specialized.
Contact the CFPB and close your account with CapitalOne.
Normally, in a grace period, the interest hasn't been added to the principal of the loan yet (it will at the end of deferment / grace / forbearance), so the interest itself doesn't accrue interest. In this case, it makes the most sense to pay off the un-capitalized interest. When it hits, it will be charged interest all at once and you can reduce that interest amount by pre-paying during the grace period.
Take a step back - why is your rent being prorated? It sounds like your new rent will be higher than your old rent? Why would you not just have a date, at the end of the rental period, where rent switches from old -&gt; new (eg, your last check is $600, but your new check is $650)?
That's excellent of your employer for being willing to throw *any* extra for extra work. Normally, salaried wouldn't see any more money, regardless of hours. Honestly, I know you're not stoked, but it sounds like you're doing pretty well. $1250 in savings per month, after a savings rate of close to 20%, means that you are doing fine. It's not showy money, but it meets your needs and it sounds like you're comfortably and reliably moving forward. You should be able to refinance down from 4%, but it might be worth throwing some extra cash at the new mortgage so you don't lose the amount of time you've paid into the 30 years so far. I agree with your plan to pay above the minimum. Also, show your wife how helpful she can be to the budget if she works. Show how that money could be used to build *her* retirement fund, or pay off your mortgage faster, or just have a much better safety net.
Possibly. Tax benefits come from paying off the *interest*, which is capped at $2500 per year. So that doesn't help you - you have to spend it to save anything. Also, debt is debt. It's money you owe. Should anything happen - you lose your job, you lose your ability to work, you want to retire, etc, it needs to be paid off. Owing less is always better.
Also, 1.6% interest rate on student loans is *wonderful*. I've literally never heard of a loan rate that low. Mine, personally, are as high as 6.8%. Federal student loan rates have little to do your credit score; they're set by Congress and are fixed for the life of the loan. I just happened to take my loans at a time when Congress was refusing to acknowledge that student loan debt was a problem. The next year, it dropped to 3%.
Does your previous lease expire on July 11th, and your new one begin on July 12th?
Well, I'm working 2 jobs, doing about 70 hours a week, so I might be able to fit in you in... oh, say, December? ;) In all seriousness: Just remember that everything extra goes straight into principal. If you make a $350 payment, like mine, the first $200 all goes to interest, so you're really only paying $150 / month on the principal of the balance. Paying another $50 (only an extra 15%!) ends up decreasing your loan by an extra 30%. I did the math about 6 months back, and realized that every $100 I spent saved me $30 over the life of the 6.8% loans. That's a pretty solid ROI right there. Plus, you're on /r/personalfiance, so you're already fighting the good fight!
I thought you could only deduct $2500 of interest payments per year. Is that a special case for me?
Wow, sounds like you have a great plan. Whether intentionally or not, it looks like you're already following the [steps we advise](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). Step 0: Make a budget (done) Step 1: Build an emergency fund (done) Step 2: Meet company match (done) Step 3: Pay off high-interest debt (working on it). It doesn't sound like you have credit cards or other debt, so I'd be tackling these in the order of higher-interest first. Read up on the wiki about Snowball vs. Avalanche methods of paying down debt. Snowball is to pay the smallest account first, and then roll its minimum payment into your 'extra funds' to pay off the next-smallest debt. This is less efficient but generally has a higher success rate [ie, people get out of debt] than the Avalanche method, but that's because humans have short attention spans. Avalanche will save you more money over the long run, but it's a bit harder to see progress. I think the $12,850 @ 6.375% is going to be the hard one for you - that's going to be a long stretch. So if you stay motivated, this will save you the most money. The most efficient method would be to budget everything to the cent. Instead of 'waiting until your account gets to $5,000', you would say, "I will pay 4x payments a month instead of one big payment, and since interest accrues throughout the month, this will save me a few dollars.' Make sure your company doesn't charge for extra/over payments, etc. Keep your emergency fund where it is, and also consider paying $50-100 / month into a car repair fund. You know your car will need repairs, so better not to have to dip into your emergency fund when it happens. If your job is stable or you work in a great industry you can likely fly with a small emergency net, but remember that the point of an emergency fund is an *emergency*. They can't be planned and it allows you to buy flexibility. You can consider refinancing, depending on your income, credit score, and whether the origination fees on the loans would cut into your savings since you're getting these down so fast.
Dispute it, either using creditkarma or otherwise. That's a pretty good defense: "I was 13 at the time, and didn't take out that loan," is almost airtight to get it removed. If that doesn't work, you might have to follow identity theft steps (search for identity theft. gov and ONLY go to the government webpage). I would consider freezing your credit and doing a pull on the other agency (Experian!) since Credit Karma only shows TransUnion and equifax. Look for anything else suspicious. Remember: you do not have to pay for your report, do you not have to sign up, and you do not need your credit *score*. www.annualcreditreport.com is the ONLY official credit report website.
You know that expression of "no such thing as a free lunch?" Yeah, this lunch ain't free. It's likely the trailer needs to be moved or comes with lot rent. It could have liens and as soon as your name is on the title, you're responsible for removal of the trailer from the property.
You have debt, so that's relatively straightforward. Click on ["the flowchart" here](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). You guys are basically in the purple bottom third of the flowchart: "Save for whatever you want. Houses, vacations, etc." If you don't "just blow cash", you could retire early, buy a home or three... who knows?
Look at the payment schedule: they're handling this really the best way they can. They're paying you every two weeks, then paying you one week's pay a week later, and then will resume every two weeks after that. You won't lose any money on this. You may have to budget in that there'll be a 2 two week period where you only get one week's pay, but then you'll get another two week paycheck afterward.
Because you owed it. That's it and that's all. That said, you have nothing to gain from paying it off. Financially, it's a poor decision, and this isn't /r/ethics. The only thing you'll accomplish is keeping a collections agency in business. This is 'bad debt' (it says so on the letter): no one can sue you for it, no one can forcibly collect on it. That said, if you were a sucker and didn't read that notice, perhaps you would flip out and pay them $5,000, and they would've gotten a huge payday for very little work. It's not illegal for them to try.
/r/churning does this all the time. This is literally what they do. It kills your Average Age of Accounts and you get multiple hard pulls, which hurt your credit for 6 months. If you're above a 750 or so, you can take those hits and probably silly qualify for most cards. Generally, the technique for this is get one big card (Chase Sapphire, etc) that needs minimum spend, figure out how long it would take you to meet the minimum spend, and then apply for the next card a week or two before time. The idea is that you're hopping from card to card to meet minimum spends organically. If you want to get into manufactured spending, that is very much an /r/churning topic.
If you're really lucky, the cards will have PINs that can be used for cashback. It's possible you can do something like Facebook pay, Venmo, paypal or something between yourself and your family member.
What does your contract say about delays on contingency?
When you buy the money order, the issuing bank will give you a receipt. Keep this. This will keep you from being out the money, it will allow you to track it, and it will allow you to cancel it. This is literally what keeps you from being evicted, so take a photo of it and then email a copy of it to yourself as soon as you get the receipt (that may seem paranoid, but it saved my roommate's butt). Just to confirm, you've met your landlord face-to-face, seen the inside of the property, and have a key in hand, right? There is a particularly nasty scam going around where people 'rent' an apartment from a distant landlord, and then the first day of the lease, find that the apartment has already been rented by its real owner.
You're welcome! Make sure to read the wiki over there, and ask questions in the 'beginners' and 'weekly' threads, because they get a lot of the same question over and over.
Your plan is fine. Look at your credit report (specifically this card), and see how it reports. As long as you use your card and pay the minimum by the due date, which you're doing, you will an "OK" report (actually written as "PAID AS AGREED"). You should get that paid as agreed whether you report $0 or $10 or $10,000 balance at the end of the month. There is a misconception that you need to carry a balance to "prove you're a good customer" or whatever, but those people don't understand that credit card companies charge 1-3% on *every* transaction, plus merchant fees, so they make tons of money even if you don't pay interest. There are some questions on whether you still get a 'Paid as Agreed' if you didn't use the card at all, but my cards all still report it.
Ok, that's fine. Sorry for planting that seed in your head. As long as you toured the actual apartment, this passes my sniff test.
Thumbs up. But question... why would you ever seen a radar detector in that thing? ;)
Assuming you're in the US: Do either of the letters mention deleting? If you pay them without a delete, they remain on your credit report as closed, accounts that were settled for less than owed. They will stay then until they hit 7.5 years total age. This is still a negative report and still hurts your credit. A pay-for-delete, however, is when you pay them an amount and they remove it from your score? This removes the negative marks from your credit. Other things worth asking: how old is this debt? What is your state / what is the statute of limitations in your state? At $150 per $1000, I wonder if the debt is already uncollectable (eg, they can't sue you to collect on it). If you do decide to pay this, make sure to keep a receipt to prove that this debt was paid and satisfied in full.
&gt; 7 years that activity ascendingly restarts That's not really true. Positive reports stay on your credit for ten years, and on top of that, age of account also reports. So if you are an AU on a card your parents opened in 1982, then you have thirty-five years of credit history. (My 28 year old best friend has this situation from her parents' Discover card). Really, you never know when you'll need credit, and it's a longterm game. Just keep 1-2 zero-annual-fee cards open and put a single purchase, paid in full, on them every six months or so. Boom, credit history. Ultimately, money, and more specifically credit, is about buying flexibility. You might not be able to afford this $30,000 car up front right now, but if you saved a few years, you could. So you use credit to buy the *flexibility* of buying the car now and using it in the meantime. Same with mortgages, credit cards, etc. It's part of the bigger plan of having a security blanket and being more flexible should an unforeseen situation arise. Really, it's just another option so you don't find yourself saying, "Well, I didn't plan on this in my perfect life plan!"
Yes, you should absolutely have a credit card. The real reason is for things like car rentals that need a security deposit. I travel a lot (work) which is nearly impossible without a credit card. I put $15,000 / yr on my card for work and get reimbursed the next pay period. I agree with everything redfire said. Just get an entry-level, 0% annual fee card. &gt; I am wary towards loans, but especially credit cards, as I don't believe in spending money you don't have and credit cards are a very easily-slipped-on-slope. Absolutely. It sounds like you already understand that credit cards are real money that needs to be paid off within 30 days, and you understand not to spend money you don't have. Honestly, the extra hassle of a charge card card doesn't offer many benefits. Go with an entry level card and put spotify / netflix on it, and then set the card to autopay. You'll have credit when you need it.
Can you afford it? Yes. You could almost buy it in cash. But know that there are much, much cheaper ways to get around (say, less than a third the cost) - namely, a 200x Honda Civic. That is what this forum would recommend, but you don't want a Honda Civic, do you? My estimate, very roughly, puts you at $900 / month just to *own* the car, plus gas and maintenance. That's with $12,000 cash downpayment. It is a luxury vehicle, and know that vehicles have tons of hidden costs: * First, tax, title, license, registration. Registration on a $45,000 SUV is gonna be hefty. Tax would be another $4000 in my area. * Insurance. nobody thinks about the cost of insurance. I would estimate you're going to be in the area of $250 - $350 / month insurance. Let me know if I'm too far off. You'll need comprehensive as long as it's got a loan. (Also, consider gap insurance. The car will depreciate a lot at first, so if it's totaled in the first 3 years, you could be out $20K). * Cost of gas * Repairs. This is actually one of the advantages of buying a new car: you really avoid repairs for the first 2-3 years (hopefully). Just oil &amp; tires. A lot of stock / factory tires suck nowawdays, but I don't think Land Rover has fallen in that trap. * All on top of a $600 / month car payment for 5 years. Take care of it, and you'll likely get a lot of money out of it in the end. Store it in a garage, keep good insurance on it, keep it maintained, and get it in black or white, cuz those look siiiick. I think it's a huge waste of money, but what's the point of saving all this money if you don't get the things you want? You're looking at $1000 / month to own it for five years.
Is it hypothermia? I've heard that it has something to do with oxygen (O2 - &gt; ozone? who knows).
EatMyBuscuits answered your question fantastically: our current methods of GMO placement can insert a single gene, precisely, with very high reliability. You nailed the second part though: we still have to do due diligence to make sure the rest of the genome remains intact, and that there are no unknown effects to the implantation. Thankfully, the price of genotyping a single sample is down to a very reasonable amount. You can now sequence an entire genome base-pair by base-pair for just a couple grand. GMO designers/breeders *want* to do this, since it means they ONLY get the gene they want in the new plant. One thing worth mentioning is that there's no current system in place for ensuring the safety of conventionally bred plants. Anti-GMO advocates say they need safety studies on GMO plans (ignoring the 20,000 studies that have been done)... while eating 'organic' plants that have never been studied for safety. One thing that drives me nuts is that we use the term "GMO" and "genetically modified" all willy-nilly. If I were to tell you that a specific grapefruit was bred by bombarding it with ionizing nuclear radiation to randomly induce genetic changes, would you classify that organism as "GMO"? The grapefruit is the [Star Ruby](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/28/science/28crop.html?mcubz=2), by the way, and [you can get them organic](http://www.organicproduceclub.com/Organic-GrapeFruits-Star-Ruby-redCalifornia-per-lb_p_1054.html). Then, companies will slap "Non-GMO Verified" on anything. Companies like the "Non-GMO Project" labels *salt*, which has no genome and therefore could not possibly be GMO, and charges money to do it. So, ultimately, our terminology needs work as well as our methods. We can label a radiation-bombarded grapefruit as organic, but who knows how many other mutations it acquired besides its deep red color? Meanwhile, you can very, very precisely insert *exactly* one gene into an organism, then *confirm* that it and only it was precisely placed. But then people say "there's no long-term studies!" on the safety of these plants - even though we just added *exactly one* gene that's been well studied into a normal plant variety. The term you're thinking of exists, and it's "transgenic". This means that a gene was taken from another species and added into another species. Common examples of that are BT corn, the salmon ("frankenfish") that got attention last year, golden rice, etc. I agree: I would like to see the word "GMO" replaced with "transgenic," especially now that GMO is being used very dubiously for marketing purposes. (Disclaimer: I worked in a research lab that dealt with transgenic plants - hay for animal consumption - after my undergrad. I've since moved on, but still have obviously strong opinions.)
Thanks for the link! CRISPR really isn't the best method for plant modification; it's highly experimental and aimed at medicine in humans, not simple DNA modifications in plants. As you're aware, it's also a brand-new technology (under two years old, really).
EvolvingWino had the best advice ever: stick to your budget. Make it a lifestyle rather than an exception. If you're not happy with that, you can get a second job. You can only make your expenses go down so much before you need to make your income go up. I work a second job that allows me to work in nearly all my free time during the summer. It's almost addictive to work more and throw every extra penny at my debt (student loans). They're at 6.8%, so every $1000 I pay off today saves me almost $300 in interest through the next ten years. Just down, get into the math, and take it seriously. It's a long road but it'll be worth it.
&gt; So should I open up a new bank account and have the pay from my Job paid into there and then send payments to my current bank account? If you can get a hard check from your bank, you can take it to a Walmart and get it cashed for $3 (under $1000) or $6 (under $5000). Do that to get back on your feet, and then get your bank situation figured out. Just remember that many banks charge a daily fee for being overdrawn. The sooner you take care of it, the better. Absolutely do NOT get reported to ChexSystems or you won't be able to open an account ever again.
We can't do the calculation for you without an interest rate, and an initial balance will help. [This calculator](https://www.calcxml.com/calculators/aut05) will do the math for you.
So glad to see that you get to see the actual benefits of an extra $30 a month. 6 months less on the loan and save you a few hundred bucks! Keep up the good work.
Sorry, confusing verbiage. A check being a normal check instead of a direct deposit. Some companies don't want to deal with the extra work of checks when they can pay a direct deposit company a small fee to do the work for them. I'm from the US, so I'm not aware of any laws the UK might have re: how a worker must be paid. Either way, I'm almost positive they'll be check (cheque) cashing places; just know that some are MUCH more expensive than others.
/r/creditcards might be able to help you, and /r/churning have some good spreadsheets of cards and rewards. The Chase Amazon card has 3-5% cashback. My coworker buys things like diapers and wipes on Amazon, since it's a bit cheaper than local stores. Then, you can credit the cashback to the account statement. You can also use Chase UR rewards points to buy direct from retailers, but then you miss out on the 3-5% cashback on that purchase.
You have management responsibilities, a college degree, and two years' service to this company? You deserve to make waaaay more than $13 / hr. Use something like glassdoor to figure out what an equivalent position in your area pays. Ask for that + 20%. It may be a good company, but this is a business situation and they're screwing you. You work there to make money, and they're not paying you what you're worth. Startups are notorious for this sort of crap. Expect them to make excuses, so have your thought process lined up and rehearsed. Remain calm and polite. Remind them of the 'promises' they've made.
This is a good question for /r/legaladvice. I think you nailed the crux: two different paychecks mean you're working for two different 'companies', and that's probably the important part. Owners are allowed to have multiple companies that operate independently. Alternatively, you could speak to your managers and let them know that if you're doing the favor of working in a second location, they can do the courtesy of paying you OT. Especially because it's going to cost them, what, an extra $50?
Ramifications? I don't think so, but... "I'm not giving you a raise because it would bring you out of poverty" says a lot about her employer though. She can ask for a raise and quit if she doesn't get it. The store sounds like it's taking advantage of the fact that she would struggle to find another position.
/r/legaladvice. Generally, if the error is verifiable as a mistake, it's not enforceable (eg, you'd be responsible for the amount that was agreed). Also check your lease for some verbiage like "$12,000 yearly, at a rate of $1000 / month". If one is "12,000 yearly, at a rate of $800 per month," it's easier for the company to prove they meant $1000 per month.
&gt; i need advice on how to better manage money and enjoy life at the same time. First off, get yourself out of the mindset that you need to spend money to enjoy life. I enjoy life a lot more knowing that I am not drowning in debt. Head over to the [wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and follow the steps. Make a budget to figure out how much you have to work with each month, and then go from there. 1) Build a small emergency fund (a month's expenses, or so) 2) Get your company's retirement match (free money, usually on the order of 2-3% of salary) 3) Then, tackle your high interest debts like credit cards. Remember that for $5,000 of CC debt at 22%, you're essentially paying $100 / month in interest *just to remain stationary*. You'll have to pay at least that if you want to tackle it; the sooner you can pay it, the more you can save yourself. $55K means you should be taking home somewhere on the order of $1700 / 2 weeks, or $3400 month. You said your expenses are $1600, so you should have $1800 / month excess (and more if you work hard to trim the fat). So, month one is save all the extra as an emergency fund (this means emergencies, none of which are of the late-night taco kind). Months 2, 3, and 4 will be paying off the credit card debt. From there, spend months 5 and 6 to building a 3-month emergency fund. From there, follow the Steps in the wiki! Congrats on the new job.
What state do you work in? Most states will have a Department of Labor (FL, for example, doesn't). You could file a wage complaint with them, though generally they focus on people getting paid wages before things like reimbursements. You could sue them, either in small claims or big-boy court, depending on your state's small claims limit (common is $5K, some are $10K, some are as low as $3K). You can add the cost of lawyers to the amount you're suing them for. Make sure to name your employer personally as well as his startup? Ultimately, if your company doesn't have $7,000 lying around (which really isn't that much for a business), they are on a shoestring and going down the hole, as well as poorly managed. I say find a new job &amp; leave, then sue them. But get the department of labor involved now, since they tend to move slowly. You can't be fired for getting the DoL involved, but you can be fired for some 'unrelated' reason and then have to prove retaliation (which wouldn't be hard, but like you said... you don't want to get lawyers involved). /r/LegalAdvice may have additional advice.
[Our wiki on credit repair has lots of good info.](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_bad_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_repair_it.). Yes, you can negotiate a pay-for-delete. You pay them, and they remove it from your file. If you pay them without negotiating that, they stay on your credit history and continue to hurt your history until they age off (7.5 years total), AND you lose all leverage you have since they've already been paid. Just paying the account doesn't help your credit score. Paid collections hurt just as much as unpaid collections. Definitely read up on [dealing with collections](http://www.reddit.com//r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). It has a lot of info on what you can and cannot do. Even if you owe some money to collections, make sure you're safe, fed, and stable before dealing with them. No one is coming to your house to arrest you and there's a lot more steps before they take before they start garnishing paychecks or bank accounts. If you get sued, respond, but deal with this before it gets to that point.
Don't worry about it. Deposit and use the funds as needed. If the money is legitimate and legal, there will be no need to make it look like it's not illegal. If the IRS asks questions, answer them truthfully. He's not doing anything illegal and doesn't need to worry about it. His parents will need to include this gift on their taxes, but it doesn't cost them anything.
Your understanding of cards is a bit off: If you buy $100 of goods in June, you get a bill for that on July 1st. You have three weeks to pay that bill. If you pay $100 by July 22nd, then it costs you exactly $100 to buy $100. If you only pay the minimum (say, $25?), then after that, interest starts to accrue on your $75 balance. So, no, it doesn't cost you $112. By the way, interest is given in APR/APY, which is interest *per year*. So 12% yearly interest is about 1.0% percent per month. Multiply your balance by 0.01 to find out roughly how much it would cost you per month. (eg: $100 = $101ish after one month). If you charge something to your card, and set the card to automatically 'pay statement balance', you will not pay any interest at all. So put Netflix or Spotify on your card and then have the card pay automatically. It will build credit history for free. As you said, some cards have 0% introductory periods. But, hopefully you now understand that interest rate *shouldn't* matter because you're not being charged interest. Leave your card open. The hardest thing to build in your credit score is Average Age of Accounts; if you've had your card open for several years, it's got a good Age of Account. If you close it, you'll lose that and it will drag your score down. If you don't want this specific card with WF anymore, you can *roll* it into another product, which should keep the account age but get you a different card (say, maybe not a student card).
No, purchase APR and balance APR are deliberately kept separate. Cards like Chase Slate and Citi Doublecash are 'balance transfer cards' that exist simply for the reason you mentioned. Slate has a 0% balance transfer fee and 0% intro APR on both purchases AND transfers, so you can chip away at your balance for free. As you said, keep an eye on these fees. Citi DoubleCash also has a 0% intro APR but charge 3% fee on the balance transfer. This can really eat into your savings.
Paying them won't lower the score more, but paying them without negotiating a pay-for-delete *won't improve* the score unless you get it removed. Your goal is to do a pay-for-delete: call the companies and offer 40% of their balance to have them *remove it* and consider it settled. Lots of companies will try to get you to turn over finances or balances to try to squeeze every penny from you. Don't bother: make it a yes-or-no offer. If they don't accept (and some companies won't, on principal), hang up on them. They could sue you for it, but nobody's going to sue over $300. Read up [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit).
Each bank is different, and banks are surprisingly secretive about things like this. My Chase Freedom limit was bumped up when I had a high utilization (80%) during the interest-free period. That said, in my experience, Chase grants a 'probationary' period of about 4 months after which they give you a big bump in credit if you deserve it (for me, $2500 -&gt; $4000, then -&gt; $8,000 a few months later on Freedom, and then $11200 -&gt; $20,000 on Sapphire Preferred).
Nope, just one time, and just while it is low. So, say your score would normally be 720 at 0% utilization, but then you make a big purchase that brings you to 80% utilization. That might pull you down to a 670. After you pay that purchase, the next time the card reports (every 30 days), you're at 0% utilization again and your score will go back up to 720.
I don't use WF, but both of my cards (Chase and Citi) had online bill pay. I just logged into their portal, and both have an option for "Automatic bill pay". There's some agreements and which account to take it out of, etc. Just check to make sure it's working the first couple of months. Also, hopefully you figured this out between my example and sandy_lyles examples: statement dates vary, but they're generally every 30 days. So one of my cards is 1st-30th each month, but the other is the 6th - 5th of the next month.
A) Depends on the card. It is possible on my card, for a one-time fee. 2) No, adding a AU means that this card reports to their history. The credit history doesn't flow the other direction. 3) It means they can use their copy of your card to charge things to your account. You and only you are responsible for the bill.
Yes, your understanding is correct. You can use the [IRS withholding calculator](http://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) to do an exact number that will not require micro-managing and won't change.
Yes, it will hurt your credit in that Utilization is a Major Factor in your credit score. Assuming you have a $4,000 limit and put $4,000 on it, it will report as 100% utilized on the next statement. For me, that would pull my score down probably 50-70 points. (0-10% optimal, 10-30% very little damage, 30-50% worse, 70%+ really bad). The good news is that utilization resets every 30 days, each time a new balance is reported, and there's not permanent damage to your credit score. No one here is going to recommend cryptocurrency. For every one that has exploded, hundreds have failed. No one knows what's they're going to look like in a year, just like all forms of speculative buying. in the end, you still owe $4,000 USD, regardless of what bitcoin is worth in 12-15 months.
Regardless of how it affects your credit rating, $16,000 in credit card debt costs you $300 / month in interest. If you qualify for a loan, get it and pay off all your credit cards. This replaces $16,000 in debt at 20-24% interest with the same amount at hopefully 6-8% interest. It will save you thousands over the course of your loan. If you make 'pretty good money,' there's no reason to consolidate at all - just pay off the credit card ASAP. If it takes more than a few months, consider the consolidation loan and make sure its origination fees don't eat up your savings. Last thing: the biggest trap for consolidation loans is that you take the loan, pay the credit cards to zero, then think, "I have no credit debt!" and rack up more credit card debt. This is absolutely the worst case scenario and you must not let it happen. If there's even a chance it could happen, cancel all of your cards and work off cash only.
No, the opposite - an authorized user *does* receive a copy of your card. It says their name, and has their own credit card number. But all of its charges go on your account and you foot the bill. They don't have to use it - you could shred the card as soon as it arrives, and the credit history should still report to their account.
Yep, that is fine and normal. Actually, a 20 pt drop means you probably have a large credit limit. Utilization has no memory and resets every time a new balance reports. So if you have $8,000 / $50,000 right now, and pay it down to $7,000 / $50,000 next month, your score will change accordingly (it will improve). When you get that balance back to 9%, it will be more or less the same as it was before you charged the furniture/move. The hard inquiries will stick around for 2 years but only drag your score down (a little bit - probably 5-10 of those 20 points) for the next 6 months.
Yes, it must be removed from her reports in 2019 after [7.5 years, regardless](http://rebuildcreditscores.com/what-is-re-aging-an-account/). (If there was a judgement, it would be on there for 10 years. Don't get a judgement - ie, if they sue, pay it off).
The difference between 9-16% isn't actually a huge deal (0-10% is optimal, then 10-30% is pretty good, and anything more hurts your score pretty quickly). I imagine it's the utilization increase paired with the inquiries that brought it down that much. Either way, your score will bounce back to normal when you get it paid off.
Good post. Another thing I noticed: some stores do ridiculously good deals on produce for their sales to get you in the door. Occasionally you'll get 3 / $1 bell peppers or 4 / $1 apples. Pay attention to mailers, especially meat, if you're trying to /r/EatCheapAndHealthy . The same store in different areas of my city have different prices. The Next-To-Campus Safeway is most expensive (Whole Foods level), the very ritzy area Safeway is next most expensive, and the one is the sketchy part of town is cheapest. All within 2 miles of each other.
Yes, you can pay it off. In fact, if you do, it saves yourself some money as it will limit capitalization of accrued interest.
It's not insanely difficult; it depends on what type of card you're trying to get. One of the hardest things to build in credit is your Average Age of Accounts. By opening a good card (with no annual fee) early, you can leave it open for a long time and give yourself a bit of a boost on that front. There are a couple of types a card available to a student: most credit unions offer a student credit card. It has a small limit (say, $200) but is great for the "buy a tank a gas and pay it off each month" philosophy that's the easiest way to build credit. Another option is a secured card, though your lack of income might limit that. A secured card has you put down $200 security deposit, to get a small credit line (usually $200). You get the security deposit back when you close the card, or preferably roll it into an unsecured card. CapitalOne Secured Mastercard and Discover It Secured are great secured cards with no annual fee. If your parents have good credit, you can ask them to add you as an authorized user on one of their older, best payment history cards. As mentioned earlier, the average age of accounts really helps, and hopefully they'll have a substantial credit limit as well. Just make sure the card remains paid on-time, and that any big balances are reported to your history as well as theirs.
Should you attempt to commit fraud against the US government? No, you should not. Buying a business computer for the sake of doing business can be an itemized deduction. You will be asked what percentage of time you spend doing that work on the computer. Since the company doesn't do work, the answer is 0% of the time and this computer can't be used as a deduction.
[Check out the wiki here](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico). 1) From here on out, don't get behind on bills. That's the best plan. Old items age off, but being behind on your mortgage hurts. That will stay on there for 7.5 years. 2) Pay down your revolving debt (credit cards). High utilization doesn't hurt permanently, and resets every 30 days when the card reports the new balance. Pay that guy off. 3) Older accounts are better. The only way to build this one is just to let accounts age. You shouldn't owe capital gains taxes on the $80K from selling your house if you re-invest within two years. There are other stipulations, like if you lived in the house for more than x number of years as a primary residence before selling it. Look into your local laws, though. Honestly, for $20,000 (.25 of $80k), don't you feel like talking to a CPA? &gt; What is the best way to make sure I'm on sound financial footing? Well, that would be to get on [secure financial footing](https://www.reddit.com//r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). Build a budget and stop living beyond your means...
It would likely hurt his credit a little bit, depending on how many other cards he has open. FICO wants 'credit diversity' and 'open accounts', and depending on his file, closing this card might hurt either or both of those. Age of Account is [one of the factors that goes into a FICO score](https://www.creditkarma.com/article/credit-score-factors). If you have a ton of 10-20 year old credit cards accounts and a mortgage, you'll have great history. If you've only got a three year old card and a couple young cards, it won't be good. Age of Accounts is the hardest thing to build.
If it's 6.5 years old, it will be off of your report in under twelve months away. Negative collections are required by law (Fair Debt Practices Act 603(c)) to be off of your report at 7 years + 180 days from Date of First Delinquency anyway. Once it ages off, it's as if nothing ever happened. It won't be on your report and no one sees it, not even you. Honestly, at this point, it doesn't sound like it's worth the stress.
Also, that's about $75,000 USD.
[See this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/6ie30t/a_yoga_class_designed_specifically_for_back_pain/dj5gh2m/) where you can download the guidebook. Not a DVD, but it's still free and available.
"Wait! You're telling me that strengthening, moving, and stretching my back is better than not doing those things?! I'm gonna need to do a scientific study..."
No. Physical therapy is a medically-regulated professional degree. To be a PT, you need a PhD or Master's in physical therapy (after your bachelor's). A PT's job is to help you bounce back from injury [or surgery], using a specific medical diagnosis and then prescribed medical treatments. They spend 40 hours a week diagnosing, treating, explaining, and rehabilitating injuries that affect the whole body, ranging from surgeries to car accidents to just general pain, such as the article talks about (general back pain). PTs need to do continuing education to maintain their license, meaning they attend seminars, classes, and read literature to stay on top of research throughout their careers. Meanwhile, your yoga teacher might have a weekend certification that he/she paid $80 for from Jim-Bob's Yoga School. There's a bit of a difference.
I worked in a PT clinic for several years (CSCS). Agreed, motion definitely helps lower back pain. So too does weight loss. If this study was scientifically rigorous, they would've deliberately *removed* anyone who lost weight, as that would be a 'confounding element'. That said, nobody doing an hour a yoga a week is going to lose a significant period of weight ('normal' yoga is about 200 calories / hour - a pound of fat is 3500 calories).
"Greater good? I am your wife! I am the greatest good that you are *ever* gonna get!"
I saw [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/BVc7lutF9Mm/?taken-by=fuckjerry&amp;hl=en) (SFW) the other day and that's what I think of.
It is a crime to claim to be a physical therapist without a license, and also a crime to say your treatment is physical therapy if you are not licensed. You can try to dance around the words as much as you want, but those terms carry legal significance. This is how professional licensure works.
Make sure he *keeps doing it* even after it stops bothering him. Consistency is key. Probably 5% of our patients were frequent fliers who had been injured then got re-injured. The first question you ask is, "How often have you been doing the exercises from last time?" And the first answer is, "Oh, I stopped those a week after I started seeing you." We live in a world where it's normal to sit at a desk 10 hours away, then hop in a car for an hour, then sit down in front of the couch. If you look at a human's spine, it's designed to wear weight asymmetrically on one leg at a time. Why? *Because humans are supposed to move*.
OP, just another voice recommending you go to the DoL. Just remember the more documentation you have, the more money you get. Don't just say, "Oh, they don't give me breaks." Bring pay stubs and document clock-in/clock-out times for weeks, showing that the pay stubs *always* short you *exactly* 30 minutes. This is systematic and needs to be fixed, and DoL will fix it for you.
Why was it removed? They can re-report it if they corrected information, the debt is valid, and is still outstanding. But without knowing why it was originally removed, we don't know whether it should be re-added again.
There's your answer. It was re-added because there was really no reason to remove it in the first place. What could've happened is the original report was made by Creditor #1. They deemed the debt uncollectable, and sold it to Creditor #2. Since #1 no longer owned the debt, the could've removed it in preparation for #2 to make a report. That's appropriate and I've seen it happen. It can take #2 quite a while to report. Remember that things come in big batches and information is frequently lost during transfers of debt. As for what you can do, I suggest [reading the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections) and following the standard steps. If the debt is more or less valid (eg, you had Verizon and you did use their service and the charges are legit), you should be shooing for a pay-for -delete. Another option, especially if you're strapped for cash, is just to wait. It sounds like you're keeping an eye on your credit, but not using it constantly. The debt will 'age off' after 7.5 years from the original Delinquency (first date it went 30 days late), so that would be 2020 at the latest.
63% of take-home. Amazing. Good job on nipping that one in the bud. Also, I read your username!
Can't wait for chicken and positive net worth! :-P
I knew the head gasket on my car was going out (and some other things), so I started diverting some extra money. I knew that my emergency fund would cover it, worst case scenario, but didn't want to dip in if I didn't have to. With two weeks' notice on the repair, some balancing on a credit card (charged in on the first of the month), and working tons of extra hours, I will pay the $3500 repair bill in full on my due date (no interest paid) and not touch my emergency fund. And I still made a double payment on my student loans this month. Thanks side job!
You can send the letter to the apartment complex with the collections agency CC'ed. Let them know that they made a mistake and need to fix it.
That varies by state, but no. You told your boss about it. I worked in worker's comp (in a state that statistically isn't yours). Generally, you provide written notice within (x) of days (my state is 48 hours / 2 days). That's pretty easy to get out of; explain that you spoke to your boss and he wasn't helpful (true). If you're going to be out of work for a month, I would *absolutely* file a claim. Hell, I'd file the claim even if I wasn't out of work. Your treatment will be FREE and covered 100% by insurance. Generally, the process: 1) You speak to your supervisor (usually giving them written notice: "Hello supervisor &amp; HR, please consider this notice that I had a work related injury on 6/17/2017. I tripped in a hole and hurt my ankle on the job site while working. Signed, spb1005." 2) They work with your worker's comp insurance. They open a claim, you get a claim number, and you go to the doc. Your company can tell you where they *recommend*, but they are required (in my state) to have 3+ different providers. If anyone asks why you waited so long, you can tell them that you wanted to see if it would heal before you made a big deal of it. That's true, that's factual, and it doesn't degrade your injury claim at all. 3) When you go to the doc, don't expect a ton. This will be very basic: he'll give you some crutches and possibly some ibuprofen. The important thing is the worker's comp doc will give you instructions on what your employer must do to help your recovery. This could be light duty; if the employer doesn't provide light duty, they *can* send you home. If that happens (in my state) you get 66% of your normal wages until you can do regular work again. 4) Worker's comp doc may also send you to a specialist, or order imaging: x-rays / MRI. In my clinic, we could have that turned around in 2 hours, but took 2-3 days if no emergency (as a non-medical professional, I would say your injury is non-emergency because it's been four days and you are already off work). 5) You follow these orders. If they tell you to see a specialist, go see him. He may also order imaging. He will make reports and referrals to your work comp doc. Your employer must also follow orders: if you say "My doc says I need to be on restricted duty," and they say "Too bad, you're loading trucks today," he will get into trouble for that. 6) Work closely with your insurance adjuster. This person is interesting: their job is to keep your injury as cheap as possible, but they are usually pretty smart and can be friendly. Be friends with them, treat them well, and work with them. They can make your life MUCH easier. 7) Take it as it comes. You *cannot* be fired for filing the claim, but you *can* be fired for not being able to work due to the injury. So if they're going to fire you, they'll fire you regardless of whether you open a claim or not. TL;DR: You got injured at work. Have worker's comp pay for it. If they fire you for it, they still have to pay your claim, but as least you'll get free medical treatment and 66% wages until you can work again.
Who is "she"? And regardless, "she" doesn't get to decide whether you're scamming them or not; she's not a trained medical professional so she can't make medical decisions for you. If your company doesn't help you open a claim (or is unwilling), you can go to your state's Department of Labor and tell them that your hurt yourself and your company wouldn't let you go to a doctor. From a relationships perspective, remind your employer that you don't have anything to gain from being out of work for a month. You want to work and you need the money and you can't walk. Just remember to not take medical advice from someone with financial skin in the game. In my area, companies had to pay about 10% of the total cost of a work-comp injury. The idea is it keeps them honest and makes them try to make employees' work safer. Also: If at any point you need emergency care, you can go to the ER first and deal with payment later. Don't let any employer tell you you *can't* go to the ER. I had multiple people come into a non-emergency doctor's office with major injuries (including broken bones, one guy had major concussion, one person lost a finger...) because their employer told them NOT to go to an emergency room. If it's a valid need to go to the ER, the worker's comp insurance will cover it.
Does your state have a law saying that you need to know about your schedule x number of hours ahead of time? (My state was 4 days). If there's an HR department, you can talk to them. Another option is to send an email in writing, ask to get more notice than just a few ours (so you can plan transportation?).
You can call the manager at the dealership and inform him his dealership is breaking the law. His/her response should tell you a lot about how you should proceed. You can report it to the police (non-emergency) but they really won't care. Honestly, a Google+, Yelp!, or BBB review might get some attention as long as you make factual statements: "When I purchased a car, someone at this dealership altered my numbers to state I made more than I actually do." Finally, big guns: write the brand(s) they sell. I had a bad experience with a local dealership and wrote a letter to Subaru of America and the car brand gave me a $500 voucher to get work done at any other dealership in the area.
Actually, California is one of the best places to be a wage slave in the US. :) It looks like they have [a seven day notice requirement](http://www.callaborlaw.com/entry/senate-labor-committee-passes-fair-scheduling-act) if you work grocery, retail, or restaurant: &gt; This bill is designed to require California grocery, retail, and restaurant employers to provide employees advance notice of their work schedules and to pay its employees “modification pay” for any unilateral changes that the employer makes to the schedule thereafter. &gt; SB 878, in its current form, requires covered employers to provide all non-exempt employees with their work schedule, setting forth all hours of work, at least seven calendar days prior to the first shift on the schedule. Find the full text of the law [here](http://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billNavClient.xhtml?bill_id=201520160SB878). I'm not a lawyer nor am I in California, so you might consider calling the [California Dept. of Labor](http://www.labor.ca.gov/) and asking their opinions on it. Usually, the reporter is kept anonymous, but it won't take much to figure out who it was. You can't be fired for that, but you can be fired for some "unrelated" reason not too long after, since retaliation is really hard to prove. The better documentation you have, the more money they can award you: "They routinely give me schedules the day before" doesn't matter as much as "on 21st June 2017, supervisor told me I had to be to work six hours later. This also happened on 20th June, 18th June, ..." Are you in any of those three industries? Retail, restaurant, grocery?
Click [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and check out the wiki. What is the interest rate on your student loans? Generally, your steps will be: * Read the wiki, where it recommends: * Build a budget * Save an emergency fund (small - maybe 1 month's *real* expenses, including rent / phone / util / food / car / bills) * Meet your employer match * Then pay off **high interest debt**. We normally define high interest as &gt; 4%. So if some of your loans are above 4%, pay those suckers off, highest interest rate first. Per the wiki flowchart, don't mess around with stocks until you have a 3+ month security fund and no debt above 3-4%. You want each dollar to go as far as it can, without risking going further into the hole.
Read the [wiki on collections](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). I would recommend the credit card as well, but see if you can get a pay-for-delete. You might pay a bit more, BUT it will come off your report. Some companies don't do a pay-for-delete. $2900 -&gt; $2100 is not a big reduction. You might have already spoiled your chances of a negotiation by saying $2100 is an option, but the plan is to haggle it down as far as you can. Normally, I say that paying collections doesn't help your score, but the bank said they won't give you the loan until you get this done.
Agreed: calm the heck down. Court takes *forever*, months to even get a date. No one is going to show up to arrest you or garnish your wages. Read through the documents, see what they say, and don't talk to this guy until you get it figured out. THEN go to court. Make sure you do NOT miss the court date. Look up the statute of limitations in your state. There's a non-zero chance that the debt is age-barred, and you might say something stupid on the phone that would allow them to reset that counter. Don't say things like "my debt" or "I will pay" or schedule a payment or event acknowledge the debt. DON'T. TALK. TO. THEIR. LAWYER. Read our wiki on [collections](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/collections). Again, what state are you in?
"Building credit" is not hard. Get a credit card and then pay it on time, in full, every month. Rinse, wash, repeat. If you truly have no credit, getting the card is the hard part. You have three options: * Have hubby add you as an AU on one of his cards. This card will now report to your credit as well. You don't need to use it (it can sit in a sock drawer) but anything that reports to his card will also report to yours: age of accounts, balances, utilization, etc. After this reports for a few months, request your own credit card since you now have credit history. * Have hubby cosign on your credit card. Apply for a card and add him as a cosigner. He's legally agreeing to pay the card if you don't, including all the penalties if you don't. It's as much his debt as yours. * If neither of those are options, you can get a student (are you a student?) or secured card. Student cards are preferred because you don't need to put money down, but you may not quality. A secured card is when you put down a $200 security deposit for a $200 line of credit. You get that money back when you close the card (or, preferably, roll it into an unsecured card). Good options are Discover It Secured or CapitalOne Secured Mastercard, because they have no annual fee so you can leave em open for a long time. Get a card with no annual fee. Spend some time on CreditCards.com, NerdWallet, or /r/creditcards reading up on which card to get (keep in my CC.com and NW get paid by selling you products - so called affiliate marketing). You want an entry-level, barebones card. All credit cards build credit at the same rate, and you don't qualify for anything with perks yet. If you go with options 1 or 2, consider a Chase Freedom or Discover It. They are 'mid-tier' cards with great rewards (cashback) and are just really solid. Finally: everyone worries about credit cards because they abuse them. Treat them like cash: understand that you should pay them off in full at the end of every month. If you do that, you don't pay interest (CCs usually have 20-24% interest!) which means you pay about 1.8% on the total *per month* if you don't pay it off at the end of your billing period. So, just pay it off in full! That's 'responsible' use that everyone talks about.
Normally, if you had a crappy boss, you would just quit. I would recommend getting this insurance case up and running (by going to your state's department of labor). You can keep track of her being overly abusive, or perhaps go above her head to her supervisor. Either way, get your case open sooner rather than later. Since you're not working anyway, she can't tell you not to come in, or anything like that. The Department of Labor will be able to get the worker's case open. Then, when she ultimately fires you because she's the type of person who doesn't take care of injured workers, you will continue to get paid until your injury is resolved and you can return to work... only, at that point, it sounds like you'll need to find a new job since she's really a piece of work anyway. You can always consult a worker's comp attorney in your state. You can go to your state's bar association (google "[my state] bar association") and speak with a couple of lawyers; normally, consults are free. You won't need to go to court, probably, but it would be nice to have someone one your side who knows how the system works.
Yep, it has a $60 annual fee and a requirement to maintain a balance in an associated account. I would close it if you don't plan on using it (unless you travel a TON, in which case the no forex could be helpful). Actually, a better plan would be to call the bank and see if they can "roll" this card into another one. Explain your thoughts: There's a fee, you have to maintain a balance. It's not worth it, so you're going to close the card... UNLESS they can roll it into another, more convenient product. It might be a 'downgrade', but you need to get rid of that annual fee. The importance of rolling is that it keeps your age of account history. If they can't do that, don't bother.
My girlfriend is from BC (we live in the US). I frequently mention Northern Montana and she has *no idea* what I'm talking about. That, and [if you die in Canada, you die in real life](https://xkcd.com/180/).
I'll allow it! And also, The Emperor's New Groove. THAT is simply the most quotable Disney movie ever.
["Well, you got me. By all accounts, it doesn't make sense."](https://youtu.be/jU8D-qK6uLk?t=99)
["Eh, he's doing this own *theme music*?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km40jvV5lhM)
