I would not be surprised. They let anyone upload things. Use to be very lightly moderated, but they've gotten better.
I prefer 0. This way 7 and 14, 10 and 20, 15 and 30, and 20 and 40 are all fine.
I did not mean throatfucking... lol
What amuses me more is that it lists absolutely no points of interest in rhode island.... sounds like about what I'd expect.
Why did you want sex left out of it?
I love you. So much... You understand my plight.
So... D as in Dog?
I was not when that was posted.
Except, who cares if she maximizes her dating pool... Women are the gatekeepers. If a guy can't step up, best they date no one.
Does not change the fact. You aren't being nice by blinding people.
Yeah... When you get a local anesthetic it still hurts a bit to be stabbed with the needle.
You seem confused.
Beer and cheese curds?
Maybe with a nice brown mustard and a thick slice of cheese? And, what kind of bread are we talking about? Rye?
This should really be /r/evenwithcontext
Really? I just lost some.
No, we know they're trashy. Allow me to explain: Trashy vs Classy is fundamentally about if you respect others or not. A truly classy person would realize that people do not like unsupervised children playing on their property, and stop them without a word having been said. Now, it's not that one is automatically trashy if one doesn't immediately stop the children... but, if someone has to say something to you and you REFUSE to do anything about it, yes... you're trashy now.
You know how it's getting a bit complicated? That's part of why you should be getting an attorney. Get one.
&gt;Don't take legal advice form the police. Best legal advice you can ever receive. Edit: formatting fail
Reading this made me wonder if I was having a stroke.
So... apparently Canada and Denmark have some kind of a territorial dispute. As a Canadian, would you please explain that to me?
Actually, he's probably being totally serious. Movies shot on film are done at 24hz traditionally because the human brain can only perceive 10-12 actual images per second, so anything above this starts to create the illusion of motion. However, the human brain actually works asynchronously to perceive visual stimulus so... higher numbers are not actually wasted, they're just not really needed to create the illusion of motion either. Tl;Dr: Film movies are shown at less than 30hz, so it's a common misconception and that guy is probably serious. Edit: Added the summary because some of you like to post huffy sounding replies to people you agree with.
I am trying to get the founder to agree to defaulting to 3 instead of 0 on the link that shows up when people forget context, that's nearly always enough to make sense of what's happening, and if its too much it doesn't really hurt anything.
never assume no lawyer would take it. Just call and ask.
Meh.. I've had been happier if he'd really linked it up in /r/nocontext too, but, I guess that's too much to ask for?
Ha... I personally use 0 pillows. No, I'm not kidding or lying just to one up you.
Yeah... so, had to figure out how to put NSFW because of this post, good job. It's probably not much worse than a lot of things, but reading this made me dry heave just a little... Still, think it's a good post on the context... but, maybe I just had a mental block that said "no, there is no way someone was actually trying to make vagina yogurt".
Nah. It's just funnier this way.
Bowl? What kind of D list places are you going. Mine always comes in a trough.
"What? My ex loved it when I did that!" Thanks... That went from awkward moment to mood killed quite quickly.
This is pretty typical. Expect those articles later in the day. This was announced probably less than 5 minutes before the article was published, they were racing each other to publish. Also, they will typically announce the ruling before the opinion is actually available to read, which will have all the details - down to which older cases they've decided to creatively interpret to explain how this is just a clarification of an existing law. Edit: accidentally a word
The sizes are: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, Trenta. They're 8, 12, 16, 20-24, and 31 ounces. And, I have no idea why Trenta is 31 ounces and not 30... that's just what a source I looked up just for this said.
Because it's $3 for a shitty cup of coffee, so it feels like $95.
That's still not service.
You also generally can't claim any type of tort for asserting a legal right... I mean, if you want to throw a hail mary at this, fine. But, seems like a waste of effort to me.
updated to include
?
Who is discussing fault? If one can control the situation then one can control the situation. Obviously, every moment a person might not have freedom of choice... But, there are usually warning signs and moments where one can choose not to accept the abuse after the fact. I realize it's easier said than done sometimes, but it still teaches a child about what is acceptable behavior when it is modeled by their parents.
people are rarely helpless.
So it is clear, that would not actually be legally binding... But, could be a place to start.
No. The answer was "Cat." Meow you are banned from /r/catsstandingup
A $120 ride is a ride to another city. Probably 80 miles. Most people are taking the ride out there then taking another one home. If you want that ride during peak times when that driver could have taken many many more people home instead... Seems fair.
He just posted his raw data.
Exactly. Lots of people do just date one at a time... But, not everyone. Hell... If I have a first date with someone, that is not going to stop me from making plans with someone else... And, I'm generally only dating one person too. First dates are relationship interviews, no one expects loyalty before them... And what if both people deserve a round 2?
I don't. He's the jackass who ... No, I cannot even pretend this makes sense. This is clearly just nitpicking.
While the words are the same in meaning, "Crouching" and "crouching" are different stimuli, and so are "dragon" and "dragon?", the brain generally looks at words as one shape, so any shape change is going to matter for this purpose even if you know that the shapes mean the same thing.
Its
Nah. One way I get a date and $20, the other way the chick does not pay for her trip.
You look like a fat pedophile.
I just do this manually. Sorry mate. :(
Maybe. If it is, they're fucked. Not sure who told them to do this.
Next time you're in court, just ask another defense attorney about it. Oh... And, you do not post shit about a client confessing to you anywhere. Seriously, wtf. Should not mention that to another attorney at all either.
Oswald is wrong.
Legitimately learned this today.
I had no clue he was that young.
So... You're saying that it's something I would realize if I gave a shit about music, but I'm also stupid if I give a shit about music?
Just want to disclaimer that I think there are a couple things I would disagree should be rape and I know my state would also count handjobs or fingering and some others probably do too... But, so many times that most horrific things won't stand up to this.
Would you mind giving me instructions on this? I do this, but my whites slowly become grey. Please include brands and temps...
That is correct. If you say nothing and do not resist, then it is not rape. How you feel does not make someone a criminal. What they do does.
The person he is replying to is not discussing the transaction from the article, they are sharing an anecdote about their own bank as part of a discussion about bank procedures.
It does not take a couple of days. A wire transfer takes about 4 hours in my experience. They are not even next day. Wire transfers move the money around in either the fed's or a large bank's accounts... Money is credited as soon as your bank has confirmed it is there.
Withdraw? Well, he owes me like $3.50.
I think what you're saying is accurate, but also want to point out that with the father claiming those things the OP will recieve no assistance from law enforcement in safely removing the property from the house without a suit.
Uhhh... Commingling money is not a problem if you change after the LLC is formed, and operating a sole proprietorship is one of the dumbest business decisions you can make... Only topped by using a general partnership form of business.
If there is no ownership of property, then its not illegal to take it.
To respond to your Edit, the police generally allow you to contact your own attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, one is going to be provided for you if you're charged with a crime which could result in jail time. Oh, and if you're ever being interrogated by police... you use the right to an attorney to make the interrogation stop. If you use the right to silence only, then the rules are much easier for the police to get around.
Oh, it is traditional to serve it with cucumber pickle and raw onion from my experience. Cole slaw is also traditional, and which of those is served seems to vary by region in the US. Oh... One tidbit I want to point out, barbecue sauce is a condiment designed to go with barbecue and not an essential element. The Kraft one is used as a base or emulated in a lot of recipes, but there are also varieties that are vinegar or mustard based.
Exactly why I just removed it.
One thing I sort of want to discuss in this topic is that I believe one of the root causes of racism is that people see race at all. As long as people define themselves in a group to which others do not belong, they will discriminate against those not in their group. One of the ways people can easily help make this change is to refuse to use the words to define people. It is not a young black male, it is a young person, a young man, or a man with a dark complexion if you need that descriptor. Saying someone is dark is fine... Saying someone is in a racial group is where this starts.
Code please. :)
They are fairly common if you know where to look. Of course, that is not obvious for everyone.
I would probably just keep it in mind in the future, see if she responds if you muse about what to do for valentines... What to get her for her birthday, and probably out that I knew to throw her off your trail for some surprise someday.
I think that feeling is correctly placed. I, personally, take it as a red flag. I mean, it's basically showing a lack of empathy and respect. Do not see how her relationship goes anywhere healthy... But, she has not yet figured that out yet, so scared for your sister that she will never see it and he will slowly get worse.
It is an unlimited spending limit. You want to charge a yacht? Go for it.
Coming Soon^^tm
I'm not sure how it worked... But they seem to have some function in place to prevent one person from monopolizing the conversation. The 18 posts were all one guy, I think.
So... Rarest problem we ever get - And, not deleting just so people see it - the quote you use should still mean something without its context.
One is generally required to have tried and failed on this before notice by publication is allowed.
Large plastic bag.
Acknowledging that steak can be thawed many other ways, and really should not be frozen... But,meat can also be thawed by moving to the fridge the night before.
Can confirm. Am ghost.
this is the right answer. No soliciting signs mean nothing. it is not trespassing to knock on the front door of a residence, might be some exceptions. Oh, and it might be illegal to require the permit for non-commercial speech... Just... That is not cheap to defend.
[Skeletons reveal their one weird trick for amazing weight loss!](https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/429jkt/im_a_mom_of_2_preschoolers_i_have_stage_3_breast/cz8x5n0)
SpongeBob squarepants!
Uhh... I used the language he used to communicate it back to him, and while I certainly covered this ad nausium in college the day to day I have used in the 10 years since rarely involves explaining basic economic concepts to strangers... So getting snippy because I chose to mirror language rather than assert intellectual superiority (like an asshole) is fairly pedantic.
I would actually disagree. He is unlikely to be assigned a public defender if he is financially able to afford a lawyer... Which it sounds like he is.
No. Just talk to your dad about this when you can.
People often do not think about it, but i also think having it acknowledges the value the stay at home spouse brings to the table. If something happened to her then you would likely need to either take a lower paying position and/or pay for services that you did not need to before because she performs them for the family. It would not be expensive but people just often overlook it.
So... I'm sitting here looking at the numbers, and I just can't seem to see how you arrived at your step 3. Can you show your work?
See... I am more conservative, so I love Scalia... And, Ginsburg is the one that pisses me right off yet seems like one of the sharpest legal minds I've ever seen.
Not wrong. I would not even fire the attorney. If he was having car problems, then he was. I would only fire if this had happened multiple times.
Yeah... Not something else... That was the only actual mistake. Not going to a pointless hearing where there is no opposing side is not an error. I know this is hard to understand as a client, but as an attorney it is pretty easy to forget that there are clients. Your job is to solve their problem, but most clients want to be involved as little as possible. Is it right if the attorney forgets to keep the client in the loop? No. But... It's sort of just... An easy trap to get into.
The attorney did not go to a pointless hearing... He saved the client money by not going. The only thing he did was not call the client. This situation is not like an oil change. This is more like if you're scheduling an awesome paint job, and when you place your order to have it done they tell you it can be brought in in two weeks because that is when they will have the blue sparkly color changing paint in that you custom ordered. Well, day comes and you bring your car in. After some initial confusion you get a phone call from the owner of the shop letting you know that the paint did not come in on time despite their best efforts to get the company to ship it, and in this call me mentions he is at the hospital with his daughter who has a broken leg. Should the paint have arrived? Sure. Is it likely the shop did their best to make it arrive? Yes. Did they forget to keep you in the loop? Absolutely, but that is their main error. If they called before you left the house then you wouldn't really care that the paint was not ready yet.
That is really dumb. They're fiduciaries. If you try to fuck someone over that blatantly then you're risking a lawsuit.
I agree with you, just feel like some of the other people are making this out as this guy being irredeemable. Frankly, you're paying more money if you drop him... Might not be worth it for this.
It is not a logical leap at all. 1. The spouse has not waived service. 2. They are bothering with a temporary orders hearing. 3. She is currently not receiving support at all. If it's uncontested, usually the spouse is already stepping up to offer some assistance, but even if they're not... Waived service and dispensing with temporary orders in favor of a hearing immediately after the waiting period is much more normal.
I would contact them before attempting to work it out, but before filing taxes.
Because it was hotter than coffee is normally held, and the cup was basically defective. It was just shy of boiling and was not drinkable when served.
Actually... While it is still possible for it to be legal for an NC-17 movie to be seen by a minor, most movie theaters will refuse admission. R is the rating where they will not sell to anyone under 17, but the theater still defers to parents. In practice,an NC-17 is likely to be pornographic and it may very well be illegal to allow a child to see it.
This is my current position for the purposes of moderation. If morons want to upvote the shitposts, I can't stop them. I just remove the real garbage.
Not to be a dick, but realistically we can tell when a dog is stressed or confused... we can hypothesize why, but we will never know why they seem to be that way - even if it goes away after we act on our hypothesis and that correct the problem. It could've been somehow tangental. Maybe the dogs were just feeling over worked? Maybe the handlers were feeling distressed, and the dogs were feeding off of it?
This did not belong here.
Idk, why does cutting onions give me an erection? Some shit does not make sense.
Well, she better... She has boobs that are a cup and a half apart in size. How many other guys were going to settle for her? But, no... I kid. I've had almost 150 sexual partners... Only one had boobs that were actually unattractive, and those were about 2 1/2 cup sizes apart. Also, her personality sucked... Actually, I might have overlooked it if her personality did not suck so much.
Oh. My favorite ones: Where else have you lived? Do you like it here? If they are in the same place they have always lived, they are really telling you how they feel about their life, there is nothing else to really base it on. If they have lived somewhere else, they might have reasons to feel better or worse about another place.
Like
Stop
Eh. Not crappy design. While it is not crappy design there is not really another way to show that it's a mirror after the photographer decided the mirror should be shot from that angle. I don't think there was another way to do this. They need a pose that gets the girl's face, highlights the toy, shows her enjoying the toy, and shows that that is a working mirror. The combination is impossible without using photoshop. Frankly, this is another instance of a decent design not being understood by the people of this sub.
: A
Diarrhea
Asshole
When I'm typing this, the top comment doesn't really answer the question so I'm going to just answer it really quickly and hopefully people see this still.... First, while computers do do some of the trading autonomously much of the time there are still people inputing trades into the computers for the computers to execute when the trades are done on computers. Second, I want to point out that while the markets do close there are exchanges open in a viable way 24/5. It's only something like 2 hours from when the New York markets close until the ones in Asia open up, which are actually filled with some busy after hours trading. And, before the Asia markets close the european markets open. And, then the market in New York open again before the London markets close. The only time there are no markets open is on the weekends, well... except of course the markets in Asia are open before it's even really monday in the US. Finally, the people on the floor at the NYSE are trading large blocks of stock personally. Basically, the way it's set up... There are traders and market makers. If you're trying to buy a particular stock, you go near the market maker and call out that you're wanting to buy/sell a certain amount of stock. The other people there are likely looking to do the same and you may be able to make a deal with them rather than the market maker. Or even for larger amounts than you might've been able to do otherwise without moving the market. For instance, it might be that 1000 shares are available at $20, 1500 at $20.01, 700 at $20.02, etc... but, you're needing to move 100k shares. So, what do you do? Well, you talk to the other traders there and you might be able to get that abnormally large trade moved without pushing the price up as much as if you just took all the relatively small amounts of stock that were available on the market at that moment.
Puree
Same thing happened to my dad, only it was a shrub in the front yard.
Yes.
Exactly! You just never message them. Most women are not proactive anyway.
I mean, you're using a word meant to group them together... And they do have some things in common, but they still experienced different levels of acceptance at various points and different struggles. I mean, lesbians never had to deal with having to conform to a mocho image. Gay men were always allowed to vote. Today, in Texas, a lesbian can have a child that legally does not have a father. Same state, a man cannot have a child that does not legally have a mother... Gay or straight. It's just... Different. I could see how not wanting to be grouped up is a thing.
Thatsthejoke.jpg
That is not allowed in the UK. Coke Zero simply has sweetener that is not digestable.
Depends. I think some sweeteners are absorbed then peed out, others go out as poop or farts... Not 100% for Coke Zero.
Trump is not Anti-gay. Not sure why I am the first person to point this out. I understand that republicans have been in the past, but Trump is a moderate on most issues. The closest thing to a racist comment he has made is saying he wants to enforce immigration law, which is the president's job.
Did you even read that? My point is made.
I am. Read it. A single, 5 year old quote? He has said nothing his whole compaign. Hillary has more [anti-gay quotes than that.](http://www.deathandtaxesmag.com/278350/hillary-clinton-chris-matthews-gay-marriage-2002/) He said that he thought the bathroom thing in NC is a mistake on their part, that transgender people are welcome to use any bathroom they like at his properties, but that he thinks it's a state law issue - which is a factual statement today. Think about this... Supreme Court just ruled on gay marriage recently. He says nothing about it his whole campaign. Roe v wade the republicans were still complaining about over 30 years later. But trump is silent? Trump is the nail in the coffin of this issue even being a public controversy if he wins. He'll show the republicans they do not need hate monger sin their constituency anymore.
You can not previously supported and not have supported anyone. I voted for trump on the day of the primary, but I did not decide on anyone until that week... And I originally had thought that trump was just running as a joke.
Feminism
Sucked
And
chest
your
inside
That was not why Clinton was impeached. He was impeached for allegedly purgering himself in an Arkansas courtroom.
Bernie is a socialist, assuming Bernie supporters are socialists is not a dramatic leap in reasoning.
You know, this was the first time I ever thought to look that up, but it was a federal court.
Addiction
Yes
I'm an Attorney, so just going to go ahead and back this up. People often seem to think that illegal immigrants cannot get benefits. Well, it's actually considered unconstitutional for a state government to deny benefits to someone based on immigration status. The federal government is absolutely allowed to, yes. Most government social programs are actually administered by the state governments, but obviously there are exceptions - such as social security. Do illegal immigrants pay into social security without getting any benefits? Yes. But, also I've seen illegal immigrants who have stolen people's identity stopping people who legitimately are claiming social security disability from receiving their benefits. See, the IRS and Social Security share information. If the IRS sees you have reported income under your social security number, then the social security administration also sees you've been working. And, if you've been working, then you don't need that disability check, right? So, they can cut that check off while it's all being sorted out. Totally sucks for someone who has significant injury, put in years of working and paying taxes, probably fought to get the benefits in the first place, and now has to fight again because some jackass thinks it's cool to report income under his number.
Yeah... except in those other sports it does not confer any real advantage. In racing, it is possible to physically block someone from passing you.
Btw, I really don't have a problem with people discussing how they felt about being cheated on or asking questions about what goes through the minds of people who cheat. Those sorts of things feel like topics that would be excellent to discuss. The most important thing to me about this community is that we always allow people to talk about what they're doing in a way where they feel like they're not going to get attached for admitting it. Most of reddit just downvotes anyone who admits they've ever done it... and, while I don't think EVERYONE does... I think a lot of people have done it at least once.
Oh. I know why they made the deal. It's not why the paper is implying though. Still, looks pretty bad for Clinton to be involved.
Not now. Frankly tired of trying. Not sure what I prefer.
I remember that being discussed on the history channel. Do not recall where thr history was from, but I want to say it was Eastern Europe? But yeah, so far all evidence was holding that the oral history was true.
Honestly, sounds like getting the tacos took longer than either of them expected. Also, I would also like tacos.
Look at this fatcat, not only does he have money he has enough time free to throw it on a cat and take a picture!
You need to talk to an elder law attorney to fully understand the full implications of this situation. Super complicated.
The problem is, when a company wants you gone for a reason they're not allowed to fire you for suddenly the smallest provocation becomes a fireable offense. Late 1 minute to work for the first time in 10 years? Oh, I'm sorry, but we have to let you go.
Austin. I'm suspecting only Texas has them all. I don't think Whataburger is in California, and In-N-Out is only in California and Texas last time I heard.
Would be local ordinances. Also, no way you're insured properly unless you have a commercial policy.
Nah. He's better looking.
It's already been to the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, which is the highest court in Texas that handles these issues, and they've upheld it to mean what I'm telling you. &gt;Some confusion arises regarding the applicability of section 43.25 to mere "sexual conduct", due to the section title "sexual performance by a child" and other provisions that seem to suggest that the intention of this section is to criminalize commercial sexual performances by a minor. However, in Summers v. State, 11-92-057-CR, 845 S.W.2d 440 (1992) **the judge dismisses the appellant's argument that the legislative intent of the statute was to apply only to sexual performance** as defined by section 43.25(a)(1). &gt;If the victim is under the age of 17 (subject to a three-year close-in-age exception), then underage sexual conduct can **also** be prosecuted (without requiring proof of inducement) under section 21.11 of title 5. Sex with a child under the age of 14 is considered aggravated sexual assault Section 22.021(a.2.B).
The
Pussy
For
You know that's mostly for you, right? Like... Google still sees what you're doing, it just doesn't log you in because that's a separate program...
Eh. The definition of first world country is being friends with the United States. Attempting to imply the United States is not is just... strange. Edit: Someone else trying to prove me wrong linked a full definition rather than an excerpt: http://imgur.com/jZjEKZQ
Step 2 is not the mystery. Step 2 is clearly "Have your parents murdered in front of you." Step 3 might be "???", but frankly... It's probably something with bats.
Thank god someone I said this. Was getting a bit upset at the talk of just men needing this class. Look, I accept that men commit most reported rapes... But that does not mean we cannot stop women having an attitude that sexually assaulting a man is okay. Definitely seen that before.
You ever wonder if maybe Kevin and broken arm guy are the same?
Well, that's just it... A pun by itself can be fun and interesting... A long list of them quickly blows through every decent one and ends up with the same shit constantly.
They are the same law. It's just changed to 18 from 17 later. The citations are the same if you look, except for the year.
Not kidding you. Did you think we were arguing for men being sentenced to less time?
I'm really confused what you have issue with.
Not convicted vs light jail sentence is apples to oranges. People with all the facts decided that the state could not prove George Zimmerman was guilty, same with Casey Anthony.
I don't think you just don't love them. The thing is, love is not a single emotion. I subscribe to the [Triangluar theory of love.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triangular_theory_of_love) Its possible for everything to be there except commitment, or just a lesser feeling of commitment. Personally, I don't have a moral issue with it. I have a... Aversion to being caught and when I feel a relationship matters enough I don't.
Fuck them even more then.
These do not get reported on. Happens that often.
Fucking fat cat with his education.
Shrinkage is product that goes missing, if you're really calling it that then your business ... well, i guess they're not doing a shitty job but frankly I would never set it up that way.
Cage
Blood
Sure.. Just as sexist as a woman saying all men are sexist.
That's because it's bullshit. The deregulations in the 90s are what built the bubble that popped in the late 00's. You can blame the clintons or you can blame the republican house, but pretending that didn't happen is just fucking bullshit.
Thomas Jefferson did say that: &gt;The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants Edit: messed up the quote a bit
when
Cock
Go
/r/The_Donald is the most active sub on Reddit right now.
Hum... Well, dating gets easier as you get older. You look MAYBE mid 20's... And saying now... I think the peak of dating for a guy is late 20's. I'm not super attractive, but it started to seem like I had at least a 20% chance to get a date with any given woman that I might want to date at that point... which isn't bad. The ones who say no... well, it's not even really a reflection of you. It's just you're not what they're looking for, you know? I think most women are actually looking for someone who seems interesting but safe. The safe bit is... kind of a crap shoot. You remind them of their favorite cousin, older brother, dad, whatever? You're in. You don't? Well, meh. Oh... And, Keep in mind that dating stays easier for men than women. Lots of women are into graying hair, so... you got that going for you too. Eh... plus, lets be honest, you don't have a biological clock or anything that requires you to settle down by any real point. You want kids some day, well... realistically you just want to nail that down sometime before you're in your mid 50s, right? Btw, Sorry if I offended anyone with this. This is mostly meant for OP.
California is a community property state. Money your dad makes is money your mother makes. Edit: accurate statement of law... Not sure why this is being downvoted...?
Health
Urine,
Joke, followed by serious comment.
Binks
That was part of what was said about the F-22 too, so... When are we actually replacing the previous generation of fighters?
That's essentially untrue, regarding the quran. My understanding is that it makes an exception for christians and jews. This is why islam spread in the directions it did, but not into europe at the same rate, for instance. The bible says to kill the same people: If there be found among you ... that ... hath gone and served other gods, and worshipped them ... Then shalt thou ... tone them with stones, till they die. - Deuteronomy 17:2-5 If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers ... thou shalt stone him with stones, that he die. - Deuteronomy 13:5-10
If I just gave compliments, they would all lack any real value. This is not a compliment factory. I think you're 6-7, and he's more like solid 8. Not like everyone can be a 10.
Public? You're able to leave your farm? Fucking filthy fat cat with his free time.
&gt; stalactites That's a pretty big word for someone claiming to not know things. **WE HAVE A FAT CAT SPY!!!**
Was recently looking at something that concluded that the fires in California were because of human interference with the natural environment. Essentially we were over correcting for attempting to stop fires, which destroyed certain species of underbrush which were fire resistant, which then caused more natural fires. This was, of course, all government mistakes.
So... Either he gives no fucks, he deserves this, but you cannot make it happen because he gives those no fucks. Or, he really cares, you're basically killing him, and he does not deserve it.
Islam is an idea. Facism is an idea. Murder and treason begin with ideas. People have died for their ideas. People have killed for them. Race is not an idea. It's how someone is born.
Depends on how it is implemented on if it even works this way. Can just have employers pay the basic income amount as an employment tax, I mean... Then they will definitely do it, but we expected them to.
Never heard this one before, but I am a lawyer. 1. Trump has never paid me, but I've also never done work for him. Legally, a business is not the same as the person who owns the business. If a business trump has his name on contracted with them, then that business would have been responsible. 2. People will often refuse to pay for subpar work. If the contractors did not do a good job, then it would be totally normal not to pay them the full amount owed. This is more complicated than I'm implying, but yeah. 3. Trump has had a few companies file bankruptcy. When a business goes under, they do not always pay everyone. There is a court case, everyone usually gets something, but not everything. Just saying, if trump owed them money... Small claims is not that complicated.
Yep.
Yeah. I can smell it from here and it does not even exist yet.
The congress is the representatives of the average voting citizens, this is why congress actually has most of the power. The reason the house is elected so often is on the theory that this will force them to do what the people do need them to do.
I know this might be a little unpopular, but personally I think part of the reason the constitution included that amendment was that they intended people to occasionally engage in armed rebellion. If it's intended to allow for an armed rebellion, then why are we even limited on what we can acquire? If I want an F-22, and I can afford it... why stop me?
I know, and I disagree.
Get
Bitch
Not linked to context.
Step
/r/MaliciousCompliance
Does your username work, and would you please share?
I'm a lawyer. It's all.
What the fuck!? How is this even legal? I call fraud.
This sounds most likely to me.
No deleted message found. All I can assume is he misread one of the messages that tells him that if he links to a post then he should be putting context=0.
So we're clear, are you equally okay with being called the love child of Stalin and pol pot?
Sell
Sell
I don't think you understand how that works. Preexisting conditions are covered now, and the use to just not be covered in the beginning of a new insurance contract.
Yoir argument does not make sense to me. It is not typical for people to gripe about problems that have been fixed as if they still exist. Your theory about why it still matters I have already debunked. The old system did not cover preexisting conditions for 6 months. For the extreme majority of people, if they had been caught in this problem then their treatment was covered long ago. Do you want to talk about slavery next? I mean, it still exists in the world a little, but the US use to have laws that allowed it. I mean, we can compare the US to a country that did not actually exist until the 20th century and shame the US for not having had the foresight to have disallowed it from the beginning.
Ahh... I too remember when my father showed me how to suck a dick.
Can confirm. I have minor health issues.
1. You're confusing the term income. Income can mean profit or it can mean revenue. If you take it to mean revenue, the numbers work - And, I assume he is not lying on government filings. 2. It does not say he spent $5.87 million, I did math. This is actually an estimate, as ethically he should've reported the first set of numbers using a different set of accounting rules than he used in the second set of numbers because the UK and the US use different accounting rules. 3. If you want to look up how much he spent on the golf course, have at it. I don't personally consider a business a failure simply because it has not yet turned a profit. Amazon went 6 years before it turned a profit.
Is your mom even fat?
Why do you even know that?
Globalism benefits corporations more than anything. It needs to die.
The thing is, Obamacare did not make health insurance cheaper... It just made it more profitable. If it were dynamited, then you could still get a similar plan, just would require more work on your part. However, it would remove the requirement that an employer cover any of it... Which should really be negotiable.
Some part of my brain just feels that the grinder should've known better. Did you rub its nose in it?
\#HillaryForPrison
I feel like you do not understand... The purpose of ground meat is turning tough and/or lean meat into tender and/or fattier meat. Of course kobe beef makes a decent burger. It's already tender and fatty. It's a waste of good meat. The thing is, what you had was probably the American Kobe beef, which is still a fine product, but it's generally viewed as inferior to wagyu beef.
Eyes
On
See, I thought the other way. Thinking they're pretty close.
We
Bullshit.
That's both genders.
No one cares except you.
I agreed with you. My comment about being pedantic is targeted at the person you responded to.
Oh god, you have never hit on a woman if you don't think that statement was true. I get the flack over some of the other things I said, and how I'm being a bit pedantic... But, if you cannot see that some women might go for some of the things said, you lack empathy.
Not deleted by my view, so... Mod. Edit: I guess that explains why you think what you think about me. That post was fairly clear that I only objected to a couple of these.
&gt;#Is harassing? Is stalking? No objection. &gt;#That leaves... What? One or two? Or, did you think more were not harassment or stalking?
Defending people who are willing to sleep with married women?
Stupid Texas. Stop being embarrassing.
Nah. Texas Supreme Court was really close to overturning the gay marriage law, and there was a case in the pipeline - I was hoping they would do it before SCOTUS... But, no.
I live in Texas. That is why it's embarrassing.
No instructions have ever been that unclear.
Nah. Probably did not happen.
We need to send this straight to the front page!
I think you can get surgery for that. I'm currently awaiting surgery, and I'm a trans-attack helicopter.
Uhhh... They only get ad revenue on tv based on what a small sample of people watch, not everyone. Still, the rest seems valid.
Legality is a human social construct. Just because something is legal does not mean it is moral, ethical, fair, or just. Many people have been killed in ways that were legal but morally reprehensible. The easest example of this is the mass killing of Jews by the Nazis. These acts were perfect legal by every law that existed at the time. If you're one of the extreme minority who agrees with the actions of the Nazis, then I would point to the nerumburg trials in the alternative.
Eh... I figure sorta like a meatball, but crunchy.
Benson and Watson rhyme. Johansson is a different vowel sound for that final o, so that ruins the rhyme.
Absolutely.
Nah. The first two are, the last one is a schwa. I already checked myself. We probably are using slightly different dialects, but personally I view how the person pronounces it themselves to rule when we are talking about a name, and they certainly do not rhyme.
I mean, I would probably say that first line to my gf. Not sure when it becomes acceptable... Probably when you actually know someone. Still, it has never seemed acceptable to me to shout at strangers, unless you are warning them about danger...
Oddly enough, this is not actually a legal requirement in Texas. Repairing broken unit? Yes. There being a unit in the first place? No.
What does the contract say? Commercial lease can shift the responsibility to repair to the tenant in Texas.
Btw, please please please take this to a lawyer if you don't get the notice in the next few days. You can get your deposit back even if there is damage, and attorney's fees. Should be able to get an attorney to take it on contengency.
For
Well, why is porn a problem?
I think you're confused about when the crime should be said to occur. It's not when one cheats. Perhaps that should be a crime, but that's really more a derailment of this discussion than anything else. It's when the child is born and a non-biological is permitted to think they are the parent. Do you really think no valid scheme exists to address this? I doubt that deeply.
Hardcore is actually a standard term within the porn industry, and just means sex. Most of this sub is actually "softcore"
I think that would be the easiest way to handle it by far, actually. Of course, I think if that were done holding the mother accountable does not feel fair anymore. Mandatory testing would help alleviate any stigma about the test while moving the onus away from the mother to reveal onto the father to bother to read the report.
Michael Cera and Ultra Panavision
Oh. Okay then.
How are pills a joke? Stay the fuck out of my pharmacy.
Of course sir! Meme usage is a totally different matter. I am not disappoint.
Yeah, that is just the name of the legacy system. Most people aren't even sending those regularly. E: grammar error, can't be a hypocrite.
yes, you are the only person to ever pull this. I have had two people claim that I'm lying about being a lawyer on the basis of a joke post made like 18 months ago, but it tends not to even come up much anymore. Don't think people have the patience to go back that far for someone like me who posts multiple times a day. The joke was pretty clear if you read the full context, but opens with something about being a med student because the OP was talking about something embarrassing in a hospital.
I was talking about the three times people on Reddit seemed to have a vendetta against me. You, and two others. All for reasons they have just made up in their heads.
I know Russia bans some. I believe there was a post in Russian that... I think they explained how to make crystal meth.
I kept hoping he would understand what I was telling him rather than argue the point. I considered what he said significantly worse than anything I've ever done, but was able to see how he might have been confused. I guess I have hope in people. I was not using "dyslexic" as an insult, though... I did assume he was misusing while not actually having it. He describes himself that way so I used the word back. I've never thought of it as a debilitating disorder, honestly. One of my friends in high school had it and it was at most a fascination at one point... nothing to be ashamed of. I am not obligated to be clinical with someone just because they are being a dick.
Chicken fajita meat on a bed of shaved Brussels Sprouts, sautéed in bacon grease... then crumble the bacon over the top for good measure. I sometimes also add cheese, but not always.
You're a liar. You were banned from the subs you posted on, and re banned on subs you were banned on last time you pulled this. Deleting your account and recreating it does not mean you are allowed to post there. You were banned on no other subs. You should realize this because I mod a lot of subs and you were only banned on 3 in this round.
This one. So, could you list which subs you were banned from on this account and why?
Okay, so... you did not know what I was talking about so you assumed? What was your old account name?
Zero. I don't lie. Not for years now.
Don't worry, they're dead now.
Yeah. I was looking at that after I commented. I think 24 might make sense. That would probably retire three of the current justices. Scalia was just short of 30 years when he passed.
Oh, I know. It just takes time to pass and she's only like 8 months or so from 24.
Yeah. I never have felt good about those. The more they're sliced, the more it bothers me too. I think we were allowing them thinking that we might get the odd good one, but I cannot recall any good ones, especially with a partial sentence. Taking one of the last sentences from a long text post feels better, but eh... Like this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/nocontext/comments/5m5rui/im_sorry_if_i_just_ruined_your_memories_of/ Feels acceptable even though it's part of a post.
Yeah, have not listened to this weeks episode yet, but they have done this before. Sometimes they just assume the audience knows things they don't always. They do usually explain, but yeah.. sometimes it gets skipped. I think if they just assume the audience has not played hearthstone that week would be better.
I mean... I use to work in the service industry. It basically means that it's harder to lose the tip, but if you fuck up my service you are going to hear about it.
If they didn't do that, why do we care?
Context is more in the OP. Not sure why it's not showing...
&gt;It would be for the public good which is clearly part of Eminent Domain. How? &gt;And the 5th Amendment only guarantees him just compensation, which is by definition the most he could get for it himself. Less of course the billion-dollar debt he carries which would need to also be satisfied. How is this different than what I said?
If you want a rule change, put it in the meta post. That said, yeah... fuck. I missed that. Removing post.
I mean, sorta. But, the fed is who is lending it and the treasury is only tangentially involved.
It's not normally like this. And, I am not assuming you're hiding something at all. It could be totally innocent on your part, but a good portion of attractiveness is symmetry. In your picture you have one half of your face in a position that makes it impossible to compare to the other half. In the absence of information, the brain just fills in gaps so... if we have never seen you we just give you a pass. My point was not that I think you had some major facial deformity... but, the difference between a 6 and a 10 is actually not a lot, and your expression was nearly a perfect storm for making it impossible to judge. I did say I like your hair. And, yeah... you do not look nearly as good in that second picture than the first, probably for the exact reasons I listed.
Nah. Way hotter in the first picture.
r/relationships r/advice r/answers
Removed - Not linked to context.
In the world, Dijon Mustard. In the US, Mayo.
Except, that is the one that lines up to make the state flag.
Maybe they assume you're going 5 over?
It's still there for me. Do you have your preference set to hide things you've up or down vote then do so for that thread?
You argued it defeated the purpose. I argued it did not. Why do you think I don't understand you?
Removed - Not a complete sentence from the source.
Removed - same meaning with or without context
What is a "council house"?
United States. Just never called that. I suppose that was what I figured it was. I think we just have a different system and terms. I think we would call that "section 8", which refers to which part of a federal statute it's in... but, just realized I'm not sure which act that was a part of.
Yes.
It's 404. Try again?
I enjoy taking liberties in the name of humor.
Removed. Context not linked.
Removed. No alternative context.
Removed. Not linked to quote.
Removed - context not linked.
Instructions unclear. Put my dick in her coffee.
r/nocontext
Because distracted people make mistakes and it's graded on a curve. The tests never stressed me out. My lowest grade was a B+ and I knew I was starting my own firm right out of the gate. I did graduate in the top 10% of my class, but it's not like I needed that. Besides, 3 hour exam slot and I am done in 45 minutes? Yeah, read it again... but, I'm still out of there in under an hour.
How is this crazy?
... Unless you're discussing study habits.
Hush, you're lucky we stopped burning your creepy asses at the stake.
Nothing is shittier than Justin Bieber.
It sounds like paste flavored cookies... it's pretty though.
Had the opposite impression, honestly.
Removed - quote does not appear in the target post.
Austin lawyer here. Frankly, oppose. The majority of divorces I do have fault grounds we could plead. We just do not do it because the documents are public record. Cheating is probably the most common reason from my experience. Beyond that, keeping people together who don't want to be together isn't really a good thing.
No child ever benefited from seeing an unhealthy relationship.
Why what?
I mean... I do. I see about one movie a week in the theatre, rarely seeing anything twice. Often the new Pixar movie is the best thing that is available. Hollywood manages to release a lot of crap together sometimes,
Hum... looked into it. I was under the impression that it caused cancer if it got hot, but it looks that was a finding in the 70s that was later disproven. It's apparently not safe for rats and they did not prove this only applied to them until the 2000s to the FDAs satisfaction.
You just described the same thing I did. Except, no amount of flirting or speaking to someone makes it okay to kiss someone who does not want to be kissed! No means no!
Your math is wrong. It's ~0.3%. You are forgetting to push the digits over.
Oh, the irony. I was thinking you had no idea what a strawman arguement is... but, you shock me. See, the thing is that you keep going on and on about a normal social situation but, no one has argued that a person should be kissed in the crazy situation you imagine. I did not. Trump did not.
Why not?
&gt;Trump is clearly not talking about a normal date situation... That is absolutely not clear.
It's not. The % sign has meaning. Also, he's now edited his answer. You can tell because of the * next to the "hour ago". See how he has it, but you and I do not?
You should just tell her how you feel about her and tell your sister about the relationship.
If I could get my dick in her belly button, nose, or ear; I'd do it.
Quite high. You should not use that scale! You should also disconnect your door bell and your telephone. Avoid using door knobs as well. They could shatter and get in your eye.
[Here is an image that appears if you click one of the links in the article.](http://a.scpr.org/i/b4508e62d0ee61d4fe35998b0472feb3/77775-full.jpg) Sorry, I was considering just linking to that, but I wanted more backstory.
A cat is not fine too. Fuck cats.
Honestly, I think that Clinton voters are the only people that really have a right to complain about it. If you didn't vote in the election, but could... yeah, you screwed up. If you voted third party, then at most you were trying to make some kind of statement... you weren't really doing anything to stop him from getting elected. If you were too young to vote, then why do you think anyone trusts your judgement... even online? If you aren't a US Citizen, then... this election wasn't about making you happy. It was about making the US Citizens happy. A lot of us know who your politicians are. We just don't comment on your elections because it's fucking rude to think our opinion matters to you.
Removed - No different meaning with full context.
A handful of people die every year from elevators. Most of them from something similar happening. The chances of it happening are extremely small, but ever since I first heard of this I still try to be quick in the transition.
Well, are you going to spank her or just stare?
Oh gosh. Don't down vote this guy. I knew the name but not the face.
One money, please.
You know... people talk shit, but Miller High Life is actually a great lager if you're intending to drink a lot of beer. The really hoppy stuff is good, but when you're planning to down 32 oz of beer in the next hour, Miller High Life an excellent choice.
Obama did relatively little during his 8 years. Obamacare is not something both sides agree on and will be redone. He took office near the bottom of the economic recession, so some of his economic numbers had no where to go but up. He stirred race relations by focusing national attention on many local incidents where a police officer was forced to shoot a black suspect He allowed ISIS to form. He gave up on passing immigration legislation so he used executive orders to do what he wanted.
That's complicated. First, I think we need to realize that oil is a part of the natural environment. Oil leaks out of the ground from time to time. Second, humans are part of the environment. If humans pull oil out of the ground, that is just as much a natural occurrence as the oil being formed there in the first place. Third, the national parks are not all the same. Some are extremely large. Some are desserts. Some are swamps. It's really a case by case thing on how much the enrivonment would be damaged by drilling or a leak. Having a blanket policy is hardly appropriate. Fourth, even if you say no to drilling on federal lands that does not stop drilling near national parks. It can leak near a park and end up in a park. Fifth, oil is an important resource. The survival of the nation's energy independence is equivalent to and therefore equally important as the nation's independence itself.
So.. report it? It's removed, but it would have been faster if it was reported.
&gt;I do not mean to sound condescending, but your comment does not show that you know much about the topic at hand. Below are a few things I think you should review a bit more, so you can have a more informed opinion. You may not arrive at the conclusion that oil sanctions should stay in place across the board, but you'll at least be able to have a more informed opinion. I am probably more informed on these issues than you are. &gt;How the are national parks are spaced out, why they are protected and what is considered when the decision is made to protect an area or repeal the protection of that area. This seems totally irrelevant to the points I made. &gt;The damages that oil drilling does to land compared to the presence of natural oil deposits. All oil deposits are natural. I also stated that I consider human activity to be natural. &gt;Economic viability of the oil industry and why its even lasted this long in the first place given the value of emerging industries in the energy and fuel market. A good place to look is the countries whose economies depend on oil and how they've been doing over the last 10 years. These are two separate issues. First, drilling in the national parks has nothing to do with propping up oil companies. The US oil companies are actually doing relatively okay right now. They do not have whole countries dependent on their revenue. Secondly, YOU seem extremely misinformed about the international aspects of this issue. For starters, have you ever sat down and compared a list of countries who have their economies tied to oil production with a list of countries that are on the shit list of the United States? Shocking how many are on the same list, eh? Oh, and the US achieved energy independence in the last 10 years? Wonder if their economies being in the toilet is connected... /s Edit: formatting adjustment.
Removed - this is nonsense, even with full Context.
I'm a fan of r/keto. It's the less gimmicky version of Atkins and paleo. Idea is just low carb and low calories. I've lost about 5 lbs per week on it.
I actually took a course by a guy who also trains the FBI on interrogation techniques. We learned that you cannot tell if someone is lying or not. You can tell if your questions are making someone uncomfortable. The technique we we learned was to watch body language and ask our questions. Change the subject and then come back to topics we had covered before so we could watch the changes between topics.
Post that appears to be about kicking children IS about kicking children.
And all the middle schoolers on Reddit just stare in confusion while the rest of us be like "damn, that's a mad reference".
Your brother deserves a medal.
Nah. Men care more about their wallet.
r/lightbulb
Speaking of the American worker, you hear Missouri became a right-to-work state today?
Hum... this backs up what you said, but does nothing on my counter point.
https://taxfoundation.org/2017-tax-brackets Under Bush the 39.6% bracket did not exist, but the other brackets were the same except the amounts people made to be in each bracket were lower. They simply automatically adjust for inflation. So, if the average rate people pay is lower... it's because they're making less money in real (inflation adjusted) terms. Seriously, not a good thing. Edit: grammar correction
Already linked something explaining my point in another post. https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/5qew5d/i_know_reddit_thinks_trump_is_the_atheist_version/dcypg54/
That's not a thumb, it's your dick. Stop shoving it in everyone's face.
Not me. I'm hoping he's serious and we get an AMA that destroys the souls of those lucky fuckers with a conscious.
Personally, I've never seen it... but, it's still technically illegal. So, quite worth the punishment.
I mean, I think it's cheating. I think it's hard to know if he will do it again with a 1-off thing. Oh, and I think not telling is about as good as telling. You knowing can only possibly hurt you. Really no up side for anyone... although, obviously there is the flip side that it would be nice to just trust him to tell.
I agree. Please report in the future.
I never masturbate to pictures of naked women. Videos only. Not that weird...
Smoking weed is still illegal under federal law. The DEA is just letting the weed companies go for political reasons.
I drained someone's bank account recently.
Approaching scene of a suicide. Shotgun to the mouth. One eye has come out of socket and is dangling there. EMS guy says something like "Well, looks like you had a bad day... Fuck man, can't even look at me while I'm talking to you? Rude!"
Idk, but if you want to do criminal, I would start at the prosecutor's office. Spend your baby lawyer years there if you can. Then you'll be in court often and you'll get moved up slowly with plunty of support. You'd probably be able to spin your non-profit experience as wanting to be ethical/make a difference. Then, once a few years has passed you can move to a small firm or go solo.
I mean... it's two references, so did you really?
She is very proud. So is my father and my girlfriend. Do you think they would not be?
It's almost like you have no idea what Trump actually said he wants to do. Or... that's probably exactly it. The election was months ago, didn't you at least get around to doing some research on the candidates before you voted?
Removed - no alternate meaning.
You want to do it in the butt?
Green card holders are not really suppose to leave in the first place. They have risked deportation from leaving and returning forever.
Green card holders risk deportation for leaving and coming back. It's not a free pass.
People without visas are already blocked... that's how visas work.
I'm a lawyer. It is not illegal. The president has the power to block entry like he did. Also, many rights in the constitution are only for US citizens. The right to enter the United States belongs exclusively to citizens. Everyone else asks permission.
I am not answer your question because that's an absurd question. The entire point of the freeze is to halt things while a better solution is found. Why do you think I would have the better solution? Stabbing: http://nypost.com/2016/11/28/active-shooter-reported-at-ohio-state-university/ Rape of boy: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3860168/Iraqi-refugee-raped-10-year-old-boy-Theresienbad-swimming-pool-sexual-emergency-conviction-overturned-Austrian-court-didn-t-prove-realised-boy-saying-no-incident-Austria-December-2015.html
In Texas. Barbacoa is actually all the meat off the head, including the cheeks.
No subs are banned. I would personally recommend against posting anything from r/relationships because that is against THEIR rules, but not really against ours.
Report these fuckers when you see them. Comments like that do not belong.
The sad part is you don't get to see what my freedom flavor condom tasted like. Should have just gone with the program and we could've talked about a BJ instead. :(
Can we ban Jews too? Asking for a friend.
Looks like I am not paying for obamacare, Medicare, Medicaid, or social security anymore. fucking glorious. Edit: My taxes are cut in half.
r/guitar seems active.
I see no distinction. Corporations are merely groups of people.
Oh? What about when it comes to being able to do things involving caring for children?
Most of the discrimination men experience is in regards to parenting. Paternity leave tends to be a problem. And, most of the time women end up with the kids in a divorce. Edit: Decided to rephrase so I didn't come off as a total jackass.
Well, of course I'm trying to get you to recognize discrimination you've experienced. I just think it's ridiculous to claim you've never seen it in a male dominated industry when that's actually where it tends to be the worst. If I was going for things you readily wanted to admit you'd seen, I don't think I'd have had to ask at all. And, I'm an attorney. Honestly, if you've experienced a divorce without having seen it with children... you've barely experienced it. Without children, the chance of getting through everything with an agreement is pretty high. With children, it can get heart wrenching.
Yea is similar, sure... but, it's a different word completely. "Yeah, I'd love a Klondike Bar." "The vote passes with 56 yeas to 44 nays"
I'm not going to provide cites to things that would be found in high school economics textbooks... Look, no one else is reading this except us anymore and I literally don't care if you change your mind at all. Have a nice day.
You spoke up
I bet she tastes like peanuts now though...
I know, why didn't he just say "Black"? It's not like we don't all know what he's talking about. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^this ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^is ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^joke.
Yeah, but then how would I know who to vote for when I haven't read up on that particular race at all?
Of course, it's my duty as an American!
Stay out of my kitchen. I don't need any special sauce added to my lettuce.
Wonder why?
Instructions unclear. You want to be downvoted if I agree with you...?
If you jerk off in the shower, you need to move your hand away when it's time for you to cum. Just aim for the drain. I suppose it depends on their exact age... eh, whatever. I am fine with being the creepy uncle, I guess?
We can not allow them in the country, with a travel ban... I feel like you've forgotten the context of the conversation.
Is it just sleeping if you shit on his chest or is that fucking?
Respectfully, if you want to learn how to approach women you ask people who do that then try things out until you find something that works for you. Some of the stuff that sounds super romantic if a 10/10 guy did it is the stuff of nightmares from the average dude.
Gay friend and they have an excellent steak sandwich.
I'm naked right now. Are you jealous?
IDK, JJ produces their own bread. I wouldn't be shocked if they had a couple bakeries that they ran. Although, you might be correct. Idk, I do think that Keebler cookies taste similar, but they're not as big or soft.
Court hearings are generally open to the public. If you want to watch a proceeding I would recommend calling the courthouse to speak to a court admin or clerk then just go down there when you're told they are. Just explain what you want to do. Just so we're clear, full blown trials are relatively rare. Over 90% of cases will settle. You might need to go to 2-3 before you see a full final hearing but you will likely be able to see the more minor hearings along the way. Also, most hearings are going to be bench trials. You don't see the full pageantry unless it's for a jury, and jury trials usually take 3 days or more.
... But, cheesecake is custard?
Because the sub only has 5 subscribers.
Vodka Martinis while the local DA drinks beer.
Isn't ketchup originally from china...?
The closest I get to shaving around my dick is shaving a clean line on my neck so my beard is well defined.
This idea is too good for crazyideas
Probably for the best if you think alcohol "goes with" firearms.
Rule 4.
&gt;Half the things I read on here is "I know a person who... Two wrongs do not make a right.
I mean... a special prosecutor was appointed right after Comey left. Not before. That is the correct procedure for a real investigation into the President or the White House.
At this point, I think the UK should. Massive censorship of the internet? THAT'S what their prime minister wants!? HA HA HA
In n Out. I'm done in a day. Menu is seriously basic.
Please do not do this. Just report.
For those fortunate enough to not know about Bill Millers... it is a barbecue fast food restaurant in the sense that the food has barbecue sauce on it. It does not taste like it has actually been smoked, with a couple exceptions.
Eh... they do not have a legal effect in the US at all.
Exactly. Time to cast fireball. ;)
There is a big difference between after the fact and while it's happening in this situation. Don't think there is any backlash "seen here" at all.
Yeah... this is just for New Jersey. Wish that was mentioned before I clicked.
Have you tested it? Often the target change ignores the rules of what can be a valid target.
So... is using the prostitute included?
I just bought a house and I think every 3 bedroom I looked at was at least a 2 bath situation.
Who is speaking of prosecution?
What? Not going to accept barter? You rapscalion!
You monster!
Great, now I am craving a corned beef sandwich.
What?
So... How does this in any way dispute what I said?
My understanding is that the leaking occurred prior to his being fired...
In this sense? Treating others like they are people. Not being rude just because this is the internet.
I mean... that literally would explain it. Get crucified, decide you have had enough of living in the Middle East, visit your buddies to tell them you are going, then you just walk off into the sunset.
I assumed that was just the tip.
Could just claim "The Adventures of Milo and Otis" inspired it or have the audio playing nearly unintelligibly.
Except I was keeping everything in the abstract to specifically avoid discussing the specifics of my sub. It's going to be more controversial if we discuss specifics. Nothing of my point is lost by not discussing it.
So... you seem to understand yet not. The concept of rules is common. The concept that rules make a community better is pretty common... my rules are not necessarily common and can remain beyond the scope of discussion without anything being lost to anyone except someone with a bone to pick.
Lol, not only is English my first language but, my job relies on precision of language. It seems you both have a problem with understanding others, but also understanding boundaries. I feel this has been pretty close to a situation where I said that my gf and I are having bedroom issues then you insisted on getting her bra size...
Cool runnings team? No one competed against them from their country, then they lost at the olympics.
It's 9 months old. It's not dead, it's new.
That which has yet to be born is not dead. It has never existed.
9 month or 9 years. No sub with less than 500 subscribers was ever a thing. A subreddit is both a spot on Reddit and a community of posters... that subreddit never had a community. More to the point, declaring a subreddit "dead" discourages people from ever going there.
I am assuming Op is referring to [these](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71PqXNAzIJL._SY450_.jpg), not a literal ball of cheese.
It's possible this was grandfathered in. All images are reviewed when they are posted. The text you are quoting was updated ~2 weeks ago.
&gt;Sell "cock flavored kool-aid" Would not be surprised if that got him into even more trouble.
Only if it's on a bun.
Yep. Believe the average is something like 24th cousins, with virtually everyone being 50th or less. Hell, it's totally normal if you have 10th or less cousin pairings in your own lineage. It's literally required because the human population has been increasing, not decreasing.
Give me the money. I really don't give a fuck about others.
Amazing Race.
sigh... my point is that there is no "and". If she was required to do two things, there would be the word "and".
Where?
It's illegal there too...
To convert you need your whole transcript then you recompute. A ratio does not do it. 5.0 and 6.0 scales use quality point bonuses on some classes but, not on others. The normal 4.0 scale is 4 for A, 3 for B, 2 for C, 1 for D and 0 for F. Convert your grades to numbers then find the average. If you were only in classes that gave quality points, you can subtract 1.
This is the correct answer. Sort of drives me crazy when you see questionares asking how often people drink, as determining a health level varies a lot. For instance, I went 6 months without drinking but then recently my GF and I started playing a drinking game so... I think we both drank a lot. Neither of us has a problem, but if I was asked how much I drank last weekend I think I would have to go with around 18 beers.
She was already late before... just now everyone recognizes it too.
Some fences are just born aggressive.
One? Sure. But, at some point you hit a character limit and choices must be made.
Trump's stances have been against 6 specific countries (started as 7, but none were Brazil) and illegal immigrants. If you handle everything properly then you should be able to move your family no differently under Trump than you would have under Obama.
Obligatory "this is a penguin, not a seal situation". I think only a small number of us care, but I'll set up the clubhouse since no one else has.
I just stay naked anymore. Saves time.
Eh... Catholicism is better. Drinking is fine. Dancing is Fine. Condoms are a sin. I mean, yeah... they want you to be married to the the person before you have sex but, that's as far as christianity goes that's pretty good.
Not Compliance. Clearly not ahead.
Actually, the reason anheuser busch gives is that the dalmations would guard the wagon while the driver completed his deliveries.
If it's not an acceptable situation, why would people accept it?
Do those really count?
r/personalfinance would be my first stop. Stay away from r/legaladvice. First, it's primarily American. Second, their advice is unreliable.
Nah, if 4Chan is sex without a condom... Reddit is a firm handshake. We can't even try to get dubs over here.
Same only... I think it started 9 years ago, but... I do sometimes do Rick and Morty or Family Guy just to switch it up.
Well, yeah... my mother dislikes one of my uncles. My parents specifically chose to live about 20 minutes drive away from him but, are about 10 minute walk from another of my uncles... but, both of my parents like him. As I think more about this, 10 minute walk distance is super close. 10 minute walk is like 3 minutes by car. It's close enough that you see them while grocery shopping, getting a hair cut, etc... wanting to not be THAT close feels reasonable.
Money please.
So, if it's not attached to a church... like, if I put bury people in my backyard... is it then a cemetery or a graveyard?
Nah. You are thinking of my basement.
You know that you can give feedback privately, right? Does not have to be on a review website...
That's because even the managers know they are just cogs in a machine and the guy 2 levels above their manager, who they have never met, will not hesitate to can their asses if they do not bend over backwards for the customer.
How do they have such a big menu and be that consistent?
Live in Austin... we have both. As well as steak n' shake, in n' out, five guys and hopdoddy's... Honestly though, I still think the best place is a place called Hut's that is downtown with barely any parking. Has been there since the 30s and their burgers are perfect. Yeah, I am going to come off as a hipster... I just moved around a lot as a kid then agreed to move here when my gf wanted to because, idk? Fuck it.
Individual voters is what's left if you restrict donations to PACs by unions and corporations too.
I mean, you're assuming that your perceived race makes you superior right there... even if you identify as "none of the above". Lol
Consider how far from the sea people lived and how long one had to travel.
They're near the top...?
Requesting an attorney is the way you get cops to leave you alone after an arrest, btw. Just be very clear in your request.
They need to be able to read them from something that is not the sidebar...
Enjoy your ban.
This. Long face, not ugly. No one is everyone's type.
Average. A bit of acne and a bad haircut. Edit: Oh, and I like the nose. It's a little big, but you do not need plastic surgery. It's cute big, not "are you suffering from nose cancer" big.
Gf's mom recently died of alcohol related heart issues. She was 61. Not super young, but still early. The Mom's father then died shortly after. We honestly think he just gave up after his daughter died.
Btw, it is "town lake" not "ladybird lake". Also, pronounce "guadaplupe" like "gwadahloop".
Sounds like your problem, not mine.
Like the hair, love the eyes, average looks. Problem is that your face is too angular. Look just a bit mannish.
Oh, I forgot about San jack. Lol.
Yes, I do... as do most native austinites I know.
I meant Mopac, research is the access Rd. Are you really suggesting we take the access Rd?
No. Research is the name of the access road.
Except, is that what happens if you let a witness take 5 minutes to answer every yes or no question?
English muffins and crumpets are slightly different, but IIRC the English muffin is intended to look a bit like a crumpet.
Want to discuss something that goes the other way too. Sometimes an appeals court can go the other way too. Now, I am thinking about a family law statute for this, but I recall that as a matter of law raping a young child is considered grevious bodily harm. At some point a judge did not think this qualified, but an appeals court says it clearly does.
Isn't that illegal?
Not the United States then, I take it?
Now don't have me break this thing down for nothing. I want to see y'all on your badest behavior. Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor.
You monster!
Lol!
Went in Republican. Came out republican.
Where is Reddit's door and how do I slam it?
Yes, I actually asked for it about an hour ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/Lawyers/comments/6i12yg/just_created_rask_lawyers_id_like_to_gauge/djlokg4/
