I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
&gt;Why? Because things change. I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting. I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be. just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
Required sign in I'm not doing on mobile. Can someone paste the article here?
OP, did this happen to you?
Sit in a straight backed chair instead of on the floor.
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
Ibuprofen is for reducing inflammation, acetaminophen is for reducing pain.
Calm down there sparky, this isn't politics this is logistics for a meet-up and info for a FB page.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
http://i.imgur.com/0tCz6ZJ.gif
and that's why they make [THESE](http://www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Window-Screen-25-1-White/dp/B00395J2IE)
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
&gt;underdone they are still in the pan cooking.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind. I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them. Also maybe a visit to /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
this is an advertisement.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
We eat 3-4 whole eggs cooked different ways in about 2-3teaspoons of butter with a large side of sauteed greens (kales,arugula, spinach, bok choy) using a tablespoon (or more) of coconut oil. This is our standard and has been for a few years, virtually no carbs, plenty of healthy fats and we don't get hungry for at least 4hrs.
how about the whole track instead of 2min of it?
Yep, /r/asexual is waiting for you.
Eric could be a nod monty python as well, eric the half-bee.
Isn't 123 a bit underweight for someone 5'9''? I'm 5'5'' and that's a low end on charts for me.
&gt; Only to the caffeine in coffee. well you might want to consider that you could also have a reaction to the caffeine in tea as well.
Its too bad everyone thinks that sub is a huge joke.
Isnt voat a thing as well?
&gt; homeless in a Siberian winter. Yep, I never have and I never will. Me and the type of person that wants an HOA are destined to never get along.
I remember back 20yrs ago when we would go to Landmark because it was good.
&gt; subscribers of that sub decided that anytime a brand or corporation name is mentioned that should make a post about it Actually no, it's been that way from the beginning. It was always in the sidebar that any mention of a product can be considered advertising. Just seems people want to think it was different for some reason.
Has nothing to do with paranoia, just dealing with reality. The marketers and advertisers have known these things as facts for years it seems it will take a while before everyone else understands it.
Totally a bro.
from the wiki: *Recent studies of Allegro's work have given new supporting linguistic evidence and led to calls for his theories to be re-evaluated by the mainstream* http://www.egodeath.com/WassonEdenTree.htm http://www.amazon.com/Failed-God-Fractured-Fragile-World/dp/1583942742
True as your statement might be this probably isn't the right place for it. Psychedelics haven't quite acheived their due in the mental health or medical field, though things do look very promising for the future.
My short experience with snakes has been two rescues one of which was neglected, ill-fed, and never handled in 8yrs. This one, an albino King, came to me emaciated, scared and very bitey (bit me several times two not letting go for over 20min). Now after 4mon she has doubled in size, is calm, likes to be held and is very curious. My second I've just gotten a few days ago is a 2y/o Ball who was given up because of being nervous and bitey as well. This one seems a breeze compared to the King, gives plenty of warning when it's not the right time to handle, defensive postures, hissing, and tail rattle. Balls are very docile in general and most people say getting the right environment with proper heat and food will do much to calm down most any of them. There are plenty of 'used' snakes out there being passed on because of other circumstances besides temperament; people moving, family members don't like them, too much work, not what they expected. It's pretty easy to find a snake with a full set up for less than half what it would be in a store. There are health concerns you would want to be aware of so do some research. I think I've been lucky with mine that they haven't ended up with any issues especially since they were free.
&gt;spacedicks they're just gross and crazy with no direction not something most people want to partake in but not really harmful to a specific group so not really the same as the other subs.
I'm on here more than most people, been here for several years yet have not seen this until today. Go figure.
&gt; posted on twitter oh my.
which is crazy to me when people are at an e**D**m show.
Dangerous Liasons
This is the correct explaination, too bad people refuse to hear it.
&gt;Please direct all inquiries to contact@reddit.com What does this mean? Should we ask why we can no longer post in this sub?
Actually 40 is near the end but even then there are plenty of women who have children in their early 40s and beyond.
This is cool, thanks.
I don't think I could dig up an actual instance of this, like I said this was years ago. But even so these skeptic-tards as they became known still creep out into other subs, they are obvious. They haven't researched a topic but from one angle they don't know about current studies and continue to nay-say certain topics since their favorite blogsters have done this.
I see two fish and water with lots of currents.
can also be low C or A, thyroid issue, and don't forget lupus. But ya low D can do it as well.
She did profit by holding two jobs she clearly obtained by being perceived as black and more than likely would not have been hired for if she were white.
are you being sarcastic, OP? if so we don't really get it.
Used to love HT when we had them here in ATL. They've all closed long ago unfortunately.
&gt; can go two weeks without cleaning Some of us just don't think it's that important to do more often than that. My tub definitely doesn't need cleaning every two weeks, maybe every couple of months unless I'm going to take a bath sooner then I will clean it.
Kravitz is christian. the joke still kind of works because kravitz.
&gt; Can you imagine how fast that shit would be protested against and shut down here? I really doubt this would happen. You are probably thinking of that one campus where it did happen but that was an insular case and a college campus isn't the real world.
Why would it matter what gender is committing assault? Probably easier to prove a male rapist than a female especially if it involved anal penetration but rape is rape regardless of the gender of the perpetrator.
Proceed at your own risk past this comment, it gets stupid real quick down there.
How the fuck does someone have the patients (or time for that matter) to put each fucking utensil in the washer separately?? My BIL has a dishwasher like this and I've tried to load and just given up on the silverware. Fuck that fiddly shit. Mine get completely clean every time with the old fashioned silverware caddy.
I would need some help with the fridge.
looks like a miele is 1k-2k depending on the model, isn't that in line with bosch?
fans, lots of fans. if you can install a ceiling fan.
It should be easy to cover.
&gt;I've been eating rice, pb and j, and cereal with almond milk for a few weeks now Where's the protein and fat? there's a bit of both in the PB but I can't imagine you are eating enough to fulfill your fat and protein requirements. this is probably why you are 'always hungry'.
Have you been to TX? Chock full of fat.
and yet they still can't get their pants the proper length.
they have anything new?
shitty wedsite aside here's the info in oils and fats you need: http://paleomagazine.com/paleo-cooking-oil-fat-crazy-unhealthy edit: here are the oils broken down a bit more: http://www.marksdailyapple.com/healthy-oils/
Proper mental health practices. We have none at the moment, going to a therapist is still stigmatized, there is zero required mental health screening for children or teens. Availability/ accessability for mental health care providers are shit, there is no place to simply walk in and talk to someone.
I was fired from the worst, most soul sucking job on the planet and given the opportunity to get my mental and physical health in order and I have been doing just that.
Taupe checking in.
Are you suggesting laying the fridge on its back with the door facing upwards?
&gt; coworkers, or boss Yes, it was systemic in this place. Just a pervasive sickness from the top down, it cultivated a paranoia that lived and breathed. It was disgusting.
If it's not maroon it's just wrong.
I keep thinking this week could be the one where cops don't shoot an unarmed man but it just doesn't work out.
that *is* meditation.
how in the world would this happen unless the animal was complicit?
how do you get in and out of the bathroom? those door handles are never cleaned.
Call the cops on the loiterers, call the county/city about the foliage, about the walk. And keep calling until they do something.
&gt; confederate flag stands for racism Well good sir or madame, I have yet to see someone flying a rebel flag that wasn't racist, I'm sure it's just a strange coincidence though. source: resident of GA for the last 25yrs.
&gt; here's the really racist part I'll just go ahead and say it was already really racist before this.
&gt; "You're cute/hot for a black girl/guy" I don't know about micro anything here, this just sounds racist to me.
wow, I have no idea what's going on.
The parade seems a bit sparse this year.
I'll try to relax and pay attention then.
As a strawberry eater, those do not look ripe.
no need to rub it in.
Sink plunger for clogs Keep your roof and gutters clean
HA! GA is way ahead of you, they've already passed a law making it illegal to ever expand.
&gt; these are national companies There are local companies that are new or smaller and cater to specific states but your coverage would be nationwide, I know these exist for auto ins. but not sure about RV. Do some research on states with more permissive insurance laws, the more lenient the more likely you will find what you need. Since all you are looking for is liability your chances would be better at finding someone that will bend their own rules to get your business. Smaller companies that are looking for business will be more willing to bend rules to get a new client. I've just obtained liability for my car doing just this, my broker found a company that is charging half what my former one did. They are a small no-name company from out of state that doesn't have nearly the criteria that the big ones do.
Not sure why I didn't think of this before, how about check with some local Burner groups (burning man) since they have many, many alternative vehicles and there are numerous buses, trucks and RVs of differing abilities being driven there. SF is burner capitol and has many local groups, I bet they will have a line on insurance for alt vehicles. try a google : vehicle insurance for burning man quick search gave me; http://www.reddit.com/r/BurningMan/comments/2ztwrl/i_know_about_insurance_ama/ this name came up ; https://www.hagerty.com/
Not satisfying at all, why the hell would they cut it before the eyes were chewed up??
&gt; post climax self-loathing I don't know what kind of victorian, sex- negative world you came from but my post climax is nothing but rainbows and happiness.
Dry shampoo can extend this for several more days if you are so inclined. I make a mixture of cornstarch, baking soda, cocoa, and cinnamon (use the cocoa to make the mixture darker for my dark hair).
I usually downvote anything with a product that isn't specifically in a product oriented sub, I also very often report the post as an advertisement. I don't come here first and see them and then downvote. So it would seem that many people are downvoting what appears as advertisements, could this mean some people don't like ads disguised as content?
[Heeyyyy yourself](http://img.tinychan.org/img/1415773646128437.jpg)
I just don't have the energy to get worked up for this crap any more.
I'm thinking its a mass issue and that it just plain wouldn't work even if you did manage to ingest enough matter. Why don't you just get your own piece of cactus and process it yourself?
&gt; 1 gram of 10x extract is equal to 10g fresh cacti. But you don't consume the fresh cactus let alone the entire body of the cactus so this doesn't mean anything. You trim the skin then cut away the bright green(the part you want, the chemically active part) you cook it down to a thick paste then dry it to a powder. This you can store for a very long time. You then take it as a powder in capsule form, straight powder, or mixed with water and drink it. As far as I know you can not reproduce this method with previously dried sections. But of course you are free do what you want to with your money and not do any research on method or what thousands of other people have been doing for hundreds of years.
might want to look into a rice cooker/steamer instead it will cook much faster and is more versatile.
I have zero clue why you've been downvoted, this is exactly true. Florida's wildlife is in serious danger from these guys since they have no predators above them, they will flourish and eventually wipe out many species if not kept under control.
&gt; releasing a snake into the wild. And not just any snake but one that can grow to 20ft long and eat decent sized mammals.
&gt; the sport "sport", Nascar is a sport like monster trucks and wrestling are sports. Edit: the butthurt nascar fans in here are adorable. :)
Why wouldn't it make sense? Seems to me it would make perfect business sense to make sure certain outcomes were likely to happen vs some random occurrance.
Oh little one, I clearly am talking about WWE type wrestling not the olympic sport.
Have you looked up the dosage for it? Its quite a bit higher than '2pills'. Most things I've read put it in a much higher range (1-2kmg) in addition to multiple times per day. There is a destinct relaxing effect so that isn't surprising and for me this is why I take it. I also noticed a large increase in libido which dropped off pretty quickly after the fist two months. I haven't bothered to increase my dose since this isn't my primary reason for taking it.
"The population of Burmese pythons presently established in the park is the result of accidental and/or intentional releases by pet owners. " http://www.nps.gov/ever/learn/nature/burmesepythonsintro.htm and looks like they've been there since the 80's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burmese_pythons_in_Florida
&gt; Also, are temps, humidity correct? I think so, its right at 80 and there is a large bowl of water to generate moisture also we are in GA so there's plenty of natural humidity, I don't have a humidity gauge yet. &gt;two hides yes but I'm not sure s/he like the cage set up nor one of the hides, I'm going to work with it a bit but I'm apprehensive to cause more disruption just yet.
Why? They are scared.
That definition is making it sound much more grounded and logical than it is when in fact it really boils down to religion and control over women via religion. That definition has been arrived at after the emotional/religious arguments already happened. They've made it sound more paletable and reasoned after the fact when in reality it is no such thing.
Um, no. That would not be acceptable.
Not sure what your point is since you picked one of the notoriously drier spots in AZ. Annual snowfall in Flagstaff - 100 inches Annual rainfall in Tuscon - 11.59 Annual rainfall for Grand Canyon North Rim - 25 inches Aqua Prieta (near the mexican boarder) 13.89 inches San Fran - 23.64inches I don't even know what my point is here aside from the fact that some states have a wide variety of weather conditions in different regions and AZ is much wetter than people think it is.
wonderful movie.
lovely movie, I've seen three times so far and each one I've seen it from a different perspective.
&gt; one of the best movies Robin Williams [The Fisher King](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101889/)
&gt; travel trailer A goddamned heavy trailer.
you haven't even been together for a year yet and its long distance, you two barely know each other.
Is this really scary? I find it fascinating.
Mel Brooks Blazing Saddles? it's definitely not in B&amp;W. Do you mean Young Frankenstein? That was by Mel Brooks and is in B&amp;W
&gt;a few hundred dollars You seem to be forgetting the amount of labor you have put in as well. If you were to have hired someone to do this it would have been a couple of thousand or more when everything was done. Yes you should go after every dime and maybe a bit more. I've purchased 6 houses over the years and have never encountered anything left in the houses at all. I or my realtor did a walk through a day or two before closing to make sure everything was ok, which you should have done as well, Did you have a realtor working on this or was it a fsbo? If you did have a realtor they definitely should have advised you to do a walk through and if it wasn't up to par then you don't go to closing until it is or you make a deal for them to pay for it.
Cucumber martinis
Where does the mud come from at these events?
It's a form of community and a shorthand communication with a common group. Its cute, funny, and a shared experience between peers that all are in on the joke. Its enjoyable.
&gt; progress this word seems to imply that someone took an initiative themselves rather than they were forced to do a thing.
If GA were to even think of fighting or balking at this every single movie, tv show and video would pull out of the state tomorrow. This is purely a financial decision on GA's part, but I guess whatever it takes to get us there.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4046332/
&gt;who..? Bogart circa 1941
People are idiots. Where I am I would say about 10% of the bang noises tonight were gun shots. source: I shoot guns.
Whoa now, everyone here does know that Donald doesn't exist right? He's Charlie's imaginary/alter ego/other self he can't stand this other part of him but desires some of its base crudeness for his simplicity and easiness in life. In the end he says fuck it uses all the silly tricks in the script. He hates himself for it but it works. It also works to unite aspects of donald into his psyche then Donald can die and Charlie can be more whole. Donald was the deux ex machina, the revelation, and the thing to overcome. Essentially charlie getting over himself.
Die, heretic.
I think I'm seeing donald as an extreme bit that Charlie has seperated from himself in a bout of anxiety and mental breakdown in response to the pressure he's put on himself to create this perfect artistic film. If he can seperate all the trite/silly/pandering/banality in himself then he can make the perfect film. In the end he sees this can't be done within the time frame alotted (or maybe ever for that matter) and relents to Donalds ideas. Those ideas were so outrageous Donald had to pay the ultimate price for it. Such a wonderful movie, I just recently rewatched it as well.
so many great scenes in that movie.
So what exactly happened that is newsworthy here? If I'm reading correctly it seems it's mostly low level gossip and speculation about more of the same.
Which is strange since this happened after The Station Agent, an amazing movie.
&gt; spoiler alert? Are you planning to watch this movie?
corrected
&gt; Station Master Peter's character explores the darker side of S&amp;M and fetish as a Master of domination. His submissives live in small huts around his house and care for him and his property, he in turn takes care of them nightly.
heretic
&gt; just go to another stage ya, and lose your place then when you come back you are at the very back and can't see shit unless you fight your way back up front, which is a dick move afaic.
awesome, I spent ages 14-29 binge drinking.
&gt; It really isn't about race. It's about social status. Black people routinely receive more serious charges, higher fines, are arrested more often than whites for the same crimes, receive longer sentences when convicted than a white person. It ain't just about being poor.
I have a mediteranian cafe that has a grocery in the back and they have some decent oils from Turkey and Armenia. The first time I tried one I was amazed at how much flavor it had, I had never taste olive oil like it before. I will take a guess that I might not have ever had the real stuff before that.
It was already used about a year ago when reddit was sucking the pope's schlong. #Pope for life @Big Pope'n. Bernie for Pope, Straight to the Vatican.
I would watch that.
&gt; just slip out the back door. Yes! The Quick Dip. This is perfect for people you see all the damn time anyway.
&gt; It isn't crime rate rising necessarily In the US crime has steadily decreased over the last 40yrs, in particular violent crime has decreased the most. It's never been lower actually.
&gt; Play cher's believe This is far too cruel for the surrounding wildlife.
&gt; How do you feed yourself when you live in a van? Camp stove can work for most anything, a coleman two burner should work for most cooking you would want to do. They also make stove/oven combos that run on propane which are portable though they do take up some space. If you have a fridge and a bit of room for some essentials you can provide most of your own food without eating out. Though if you are camping somewhere you shouldn't be cooking might be more difficult.
&gt; spending an astronomical amount of gas running the engine all night to stay warm nobody does this, they make very small heaters that run on propane and are made for small spaces (leave a window cracked) also you could heat a van with a couple of candles and terracotta pots since it's such a small space.
This is simply impossible where I live, 90degrees with 90% humidity and you are sweating the second you walk out of the house let alone with any movement or exercise you might make.
It seems you read zero of the links I provided, I'm done with you.
The wiki page for toilet paper direction used to be the longest page on wikipidia.
OP, I'm twitching with your allowing the cat on the kitchen counter. Those paws have been in poop.
One of the smokiest places on the planet, be prepared to have your clothes thoroughly cleaned after visiting. Last time I was there I couldn't last more than 10min before I had to leave.
Documentary about this is Let the Fire Burn, [on netflix currently](http://www.netflix.com/search/let%20the%20fire%20burn?jbv=70274329&amp;jbp=0&amp;jbr=0). I am in no way defending what the authorities did it was reprehensible, disgusting really. Just wanted to say though this group was more than a littlle wacky and seemed to be a terrible scourge on the neighborhood. If you want to do a back to the land movement its probably a good idea to get out of the city. edit: link added for movie
And not a source for miles. Op, this is gossip.
Alabama still holding up unconstitutional ideas well into the 21st century. #KeepingitRealintheSouth.
&gt;so long? It's been a handful of days, not really a long time at all especially if the gov't is involved. I will also take a guess that if they thought about this for even 5min then they brought along a propane heater, if they didn't they are bigger idiots than they appear to be currently.
&gt;using Krisco found your problem. I've used a variety of oils and there really is no substitute for bacon fat.
&gt; a gimmick that also cleans the shit out of my oven without chemicals, don't overuse this and it won't break the oven.
Not sure what this has to do with bananas but l-lysine is the best for cold sores. 1000mg twice a day. reported for spam.
A booster seat? no those are for sitting at the adult table when you are still a kid. you must be thinking of someone who is overly confident and always going on about their accomplishments.
In reference to evolution: "Everything has 5 fingers."
It's not 'terrible' to dislike your family, this is a misconception that needs to finally die. You are not obligated to like them or even keep in contact with them if they are harmful to you.
money can't buy taste.
She's absolutely right, if everyone hadn't completely slacked off on this issue during the 90s and 00s we wouldn't be having the problems we have currently. So many thought 'well, that's settled' and didn't do a damn thing about it and let too many on the wrong side make headway and now we have states with virtually no women's clinics at all.
bit insulting to bjork to compare the two, bjork who writes and produces most of her own work.
&gt; creativity Maybe I missed this part. I see nothing creative in the video, the music or singing style, perhaps it's in the lyrics?
this would have been better without the music in the background, battling dialog and song lyrics.
&gt; But it appears they cashed it and then called the cops. And this is a bunch of horseshit right here, if they think it's bogus then they should put a hold on it or stall or whatever bullshit banks do. You don't act like everything is normal then report a crime when technically it would have been the bank committing the crime by cashing a bogus check. The guy didn't take any money he hadn't been given in the first place.
I'm not really the person your question is targeting but I'll throw in my 2 cents anyway. I regret not sleeping around more as a sober person, I did an ass load of fucking when I was drunk and it was terrible really. I would love to go back and be educated, self aware, and sexually liberated, pretty much none of the things I was at the time. I was sleeping around for many wrong reasons and I would love to go back and do it in a healthy way to learn about my sexuality as an aspect of who I am not use it as a rebellion, diversion, or a false sense of control.
I have the same problem, we've had more rain this year than ever (really is the wettest year on record). I have an old non-working window unit that I'm thinking of replacing with an exhaust fan. As it is I've had to leave the doors open and run a big fan for ventilation, it helps but everything is gross again when I close it up. I definitely need a better solution.
use it for your stash.
No it wasn't. Or are you being sarcastic?
It's soap it isn't unsanitary.
Guess that's why he put so much effort into doing something about it. /s
He would take her in the bathroom or bedroom to do it if someone else was there. If she came home and went directly to the bathroom he would follow her so he could check before she had a chance to wash up.
&gt; 100 people This is literally nothing in the land of studies especially when you are using self reporting on both ends (to find your subjects and to assess reaction)
&gt; the divorce was a cruel abandonment. Welp, from all accounts of her friends this was exactly what it was, most of her friends at the time say that she told a very different story than their being 'friends'. I did quite a bit of reading on this topic back when he was running because I was seriously thinking about voting for him before palin. That nice sanitized story of it being amicable and them remaining friends is a bunch of canned pap for the press and her doing him a serious solid for his career by not outing the dirty details. She is a stand-up gal in ways he will never be.
Pasta, spaghetti, or gnocci
I actually wasn't trying to be an ass or even imply there was a thought about money on his end or any other angle. It's just a thing that is happening in this case and for many other artists when they die, their stuff is more sought after.
&gt; re-freeze a rat once You re-freeze? I didn't know this could be done. I take it this works or you wouldn't be doing it.
Quality is about the same as it's always been and I've been here for a while but the goddamned stagnant front page is the pits. Being forced to vote on things to move them out of the way is tedious.
&gt; doesn't explain what's happened in Georgia. Atlanta is the explanation for GA, plain a simple, this town is booming right now with people coming in from all over.
looks pretty much the same imo
so with your study sample of 1 OP should just go ahead? why are you even commenting?
Live in the city or burbs and literally never take your vehicle off the pavement but yet need to haul things on a very regular basis. And live in a climate with no snow and less that once a year freezing. source: 2wd truck owner for 20yrs.
citric acid and stevia or other calorie free sweetener. or [THESE THINGS](http://www.walmart.com/ip/34730043?wmlspartner=wlpa&amp;adid=22222222227022935000&amp;wl0=&amp;wl1=g&amp;wl2=c&amp;wl3=40891553192&amp;wl4=&amp;wl5=pla&amp;wl6=78821157512&amp;veh=sem) sorry for the wally world link just keeping with OPs shopping habits.
chlorine and genitals do not mix.
"Online"
&gt; We are not all rapists No you are not but the uncomfortable fact that most rapists are men does cloud the issue for many people. And it's damn hard to distinguish between a rapist and a regular guy just by looking at them or even talking to them for that matter.
St. Pete is full of eerily quiet crazy.
Oh shit, c'mon and ride it, this brings me back. I worked in a club and this was played *all* the time, I actually have many good memories from then.
That I can't lift the other end of the goddamned couch.
nope, still tea since the word 'tea' has more than one meaning.
Looks more than a bit like Ruby Rose.
OP was pretty clear not sure why you're having a problem.
Happiness has killed many comedy careers.
I'm not a fan but she's no hack. She's has a specific act that makes sense, is consistent, jokes that work with one another and weave back and forth throughout her routine, she has all the elements that many accomplished comics possess so I don't think hack is in any way the right word here. All that being said she has never once elicited so much as a chuckle from me.
If there is a large amount of sex in a movie its probably a shitty movie, if there is lots of sex or romance in a book its probably not very good either.
I think we should define what 'force' is, I think we can all agree if you physically restrain by holding them down then that is force. But what if someone just lies still and isn't resisting anything, isn't saying no, or doing much at all? Is the person pursuing sex with this person forcing them? What if they were actively participating before then stopped, would an inexperienced person understand this body language? What if someone verbally harasses someone into a sexual act or uses peer pressure, coercion, or mild extortion or threats of social embarrassment? I think this is where there might be some confusion especially with young or immature people. I'm of the mind we need to teach sexual navigation to everyone (male and female) starting at a young age so everyone can be on the same page and there isn't any room to be able to say 'they should already know this'. Once it's been taught there are no more acceptable excuses.
/r/theoryofreddit
it only takes one
Those fuckers are worse than the salesmen on the shittiest buy here/pay here used car lot with the auction reject cars. They prey on people who are trapped with grief and use this to get them to buy 'the best' for their loved ones. They are disgusting in every way imaginable. Fuck them. source; dealt with some funeral people on many occasions.
There should have been a walk-through a few days prior to closing to verify these repairs had been done, this should have been arranged by your agent, it's their job. All work should have been verified to be completed. This will come down to state law, you might want to contact your real estate attorney used during closing.
They can't hear you over the sound of the jerk. GMOs don't solve hunger this is merely more pr/propaganda that serves someone's purpose.
Depends if they knew the repairs were needed and ignored it and just wrote a check for whatever or if they wrote you that check in good faith based on the estimates they received. Keep in mind roofers prices and estimates vary WIDELY and I would guess they took the lowest estimate when they got them since they were paying and you are getting something much higher. I've seen repair estimates vary in the high thousands. I'm not saying the sellers weren't shitty but could be the roofers actual estimate they were using. I can call the fancy roofers with the glitzy ads and they will quote me 15K for a new roof or I can call a couple of dudes with a pickup truck and they will tell me 5k. Ya there will be differences in materials and guarantees but it totally depends on what you want. If I have a 80k house I'm probably not going to put on a 15k roof.
Most staples that would alleviate hunger don't really need longer shelf lives ie wheat, rice, beans, other dried grains. 'Shelf life' is another sales pitch by big business.
&gt; Solving hunger just isn't filling your belly. Well if we are talking about true hunger then wheat, beans etc it's exactly about filling your belly with these. Good nutrition comes later when things are stabilized. You don't worry about getting veg and fruit to people who are truly starving you get them things that are calorie dense and get the most bang for the buck. Someone is paying for this stuff somewhere and shipping a truckload of bananas or cucumbers isn't going to do shit to keep people fed. They need a truckload of rice and beans and cooking oil.
http://imgur.com/6z3ljQR op, what the hell are you talking about?
Totally depends on how much you will use the tool. I've never had a tool break aside from a couple from the dollar store. If you are a casual user then it your big box store tools might last a couple of lifetimes or more. Personally if I know I won't be using a tool very often I'm won't spend top of the line prices for 'the best'.
How high were you during this?
Yep coming on 10yrs myself. It's much easier to focus on what I can have than what I can't, granted it's a bit more difficult in a resturant but when I have the option to choose where we go I always look for somewhere GF friendly since it makes things much easier. I'm finding lately places are marking their GF options or providing a seperate GF menu entirely. This saves so much time for everone involved, I don't even need to look at the things I can't have so there's less opportunity for any sense of missing out.
I have one exactly like him/her. Taken in as a very mistreated rescue and he's now a healthy and happy little (big) guy.
what do I think? It's one of my favorite movies and I believe it's QT's best. He spent so much time fleshing out back stories with subtle queues and asides and even glances. The actors were perfectly cast and all did an amazing job. The rockford files/quincy/cop show coupled with the perfect heist then washed in a 70s blacxploitation asthetic is amazing to me. He had the moods, lightening, milk crates, torch lights, wood paneling down to a tee. Love this one to bits.
Why is there some secondary method that should be learned? What's wrong with bunny ears? It there another method that ties a superior knot? This would be the only reason I could see to change methods.
What the hell are you talking about?
Look up Warren Jeffs .
HA! Little do those tourists know that 60% of the year the weather will suck balls.
George Micheal - Freedom
&gt; local head shop in exchange for merchandise. Exactly how high do you need to be for this to seem like a good idea?
I read the post and there wasn't any proof he was on the plane, simple verification from the airline should solve this though.
&gt; common alternative. mostly the only alternative too
Third World Kroger on Buford Highway
thats what I needed, audio.
A renovated, vintage Airstream can be had for 25-50K
They're going to offer whatever they think they can get away with that doesn't insult someone so badly they storm off and won't work on the project, it is then your agent's job to negotiate a proper amount.
Demons without Borders.
If its in PR it will be in FL soon.
How are they doing that? They aren't too keen on sex ed, birth control, or abortion down in those parts. Is the plan to just tell people to stop fucking?
Difference is putting rice to cook and walking away or leaving the house and not having to deal with it or setting the timer and have it start cooking an hour before you get home and having fresh rice when you want it. Also rice comes out the same each time and a cooker doesn't heat up the house like a stove top cook would. If you eat rice often it's a game changer.
needs new potting mix made for succulents ( you can mix your own) and more sun
&gt;5% there is way more poop in that pool.
Seems there are two volunteers but if you two don't work it out I have a garage they can hang out in for a few days. I have a cat already and can't risk him contracting any diseases.
He's made more than 2 good movies, more like 5 or 6 but he is an ass and half. What did it for me was when he incorrectly tweeted what he thought was Zimmerman's address and said 'you know what to do', brought on a barrage of hate and harassment to innocent people and it could have ended up with something more serious. Seems like the only time he comes out with some strong opinions is when he coincidentally has a movie out.
I didn't see Inside Man but Summer of Sam was incredible afaic, really hit home with the vigilante mentality. Too bad he seemed to have forgotten about that when he tweeted the Zimmerman address.
&gt; Jackie Brown is entirely forgettable And here is where I understand you have no ability to judge what is a quality film, Jackie Brown is easily one of his best. edit added: no
&gt; Buying a ticket at the box office will not give ticketmaster the fees This isn't always the case, it depends on the venue, show, and promoter as to whether there are TM fees or not. Always call and ask.
&gt; Takes years to get rid of lead levels in the body. For children the damage is permanent even if the levels return to normal eventually.
Usually the 'I'm-an-adult' set, criminals that want to brand themselves as outsider or the rejecting/mad at society group. All of these fall into the temper tantrum category afaic. Ya, there are those who have other reasons for face tattoos but they aren't who I'm talking about atm.
Well I suppose it is now that I'm looking at it, I didn't know about the diamond meaning. I've always heard people reffering to a lozenge as in a cough drop, mint or the like not speaking of a particular shape especially since cough drops aren't all shaped the same. This is also one of the definitions.
thats some pretty exicted talk for Noam, he's not the most emotional of cats.
Distribution, collection create a market for CP. Someone is creating this garbage which is directly harming children, the larger the market is the more CP will be created. No, looking at pics isn't the same as touching a kid but it does create a larger market and indirectly harms kids.
&gt; That's what 911 is for? people with no insurance usually don't call for an ambulance with a non-emergency, 1- 2k for a ride to the hospital is a little steep.
&gt; watches a video of murder Those are called snuff films and those are illegal as well since, you know, murder is a crime and all. You do understand that child porn involves actual children, not actors. right? so people are actively harming a child to make a video or still shot of child pornography. These aren't 'actors' or animation these are real kids being gravely harmed by an adult.
&gt;Why not? I think the problem was originally people/media/tubes gossip were couching this as a humanitarian project and something that had already taken place when in fact it was only in development and it was an investment/for profit endeavor. I don't know where the original misinformation came from so I'm not faulting Akon since I don't know I'm just offering an explanation for why the interviewer might have been aggressive and challenging to him.
Quite of bit of the work you've mentioned could be done piecemeal by an accomplished handyman.
concrete, stainless steel, wood. the first one probably isn't in the budget unless you diy (which is do-able), stainless is a possibility depending on size, wood countertops from Ikea are their cheapest.
at least they put the garage on the side.
Yes.
&gt; This is a legitimate plea So far no it isn't legitimate at all, there is one user here who is willing to take in the cats you've posted and you don't seem to be willing to let them do that, they have been attempting to do this for days now. What gives? Either you want help as requested or you want something else, which is it?
Every big corp with potentially controversial/harmful/distasteful products has something like this.
The funny is the huge chasm between tech of mom's time and the daughters, the sad is the implied destruction of the environment and the wistfulness for times gone by when we read the funnies in the paper.
this started on 4chan
Pearl S Buck Kurt Vonnegut Edith Warton And a slew of others, I attended a crap school and wasn't required to read much.
After the golden era with c&amp;h, farside, bloom county, and boondocks the only thing left was doonsberry. May as well say there arent any 'funnies' any more. And the fact that no one reads a paper leaves us with a fallen tree question.
:( Listening to his podcast about it now.
totally off topic but try some kelp, zinc, charcoal.
pretty sure it was the site and not the story itself. known biased sites tend to get taken down.
&gt;much richer Probably because most store bought chicken eggs are factory farmed and most duck eggs come from ducks that are a little less fiddled with.
who the hell are these people and why does anyone care? dude fucked around, he's a piece of shit, stop giving him money.
&gt;close Me too.
&gt; bush bush-el is what you meant.
Mega church pastor with multiple franchises in the US, his main church here has a capacity of 9000 and they fill it up a couple of times each sunday and during the week. Him and other like him are Prosperity Preachers. The more you donate to the church (seed money) the more you will get back (by some unknown way in the future), this shit is is similar to The Secret only with more jesus.
If he could live out the rest of his life in jail I would be happy.
&gt; when he was more cranky All my favorite comics have been better when they are miserable and cranky. Happiness very often kills comedy careers.
big ass rug that goes almost wall to wall.
yea that's a perfect snack. /r/lowcarb, /r/paleo,
It's actually a recommended thing for older people to game, it helps keep their minds active and staves off dementia. It also helps people with brain injury rewire neural pathways that have been damaged.
&gt; drinking carbonated-water Squeeze in half a lemon/lime and add some stevia and it's pretty much a soda but totally healthy and natural food based vit C.
It's not whether you're paranoid it's whether you're paranoid *enough*.
psychology today is often not a very good source for info.
If you're in the south this is pretty much the only way to be in your garage with the door open for 4-5 months out of the year. Mosquitoes suck.
Alcohol is the original gateway drug.
guarantee for a grand there's a doohicky to prevent that from happening.
maybe that's why the vid kept showing the docs arms rather than the actual popping.
&gt; Mr. Fancy Pants that's *Ms* Fancy Pants, thank you very much.
wrong sub
I'm going to need a vid of him running asap.
I'm apethetic about brie, if there are other cheeses available I would eat those instead. If it were the only thing available I might have a bit or maybe not.
I'm almost embarrassed for Dawkins, how would someone look at this video and think it would be a good idea to pass it around. It's really quite terrible.
Ya when you're in denial about the abuse you've gone through the mental gymnastics to preserve the delusion can be quite extraordinary. He also came from a different time where that wasn't actually considered all that bad. And here I am making excuses for him. Anyway he should probably pack it in and take up gardening.
?? If you kiss someone on the lips and the have çosmetics on their lips it will then be on you lips. Unless you stopped having lip to lip contact this is unavoidable.
You probably don't want to run it indoors with vinegar I do this to clean my machine but I set it outside. The smell is nasty, hot vinegar is no bueno. What kind of odors are trying to get rid of anyway?
Wait a minute, where do rats cost $25??
you're not doin' it right.
I already hate a good bit of humanity these things help to make it honed to a fine point at least for bit. Tightly directed hate seems more cathartic than widespread scattershot type hate.
Ya, I just looked up retail for rats - $10-$14. Dude (ette) this is ridiculous, look around on craigslist and see if there are any wholesalers for frozen rodents in your area or even a couple hours from you. I'm paying $1.70 each for medium-large rats. I'm buying 25-30 at a go and don't have to worry about food for months at a time. Even if you have to drive a couple of hours once every 6 months it's better than what you're doing atm.
Women tend to be more religious than men, so there's that.
&gt; release the hinged bottom of the full canister. My question is why you havn't shown use this part?
Yes, its like the Ganges over here. Slowed down a bit now that I'm older but for 35yrs it was ridiculous. Nothing to be done for it really.
Unfortunately most of the education a dietian receives is based on bad, outdated, or misinterpreted food science.
The 'knowledge ' of food and how it works in and with the body has been an amazing pile of shit and is only just changing right now. Its incredible to me how this large subject has been ignored, misinterpreted, and flat out falsified for a hundred years. The changes will be coming even more quickly over the next decade.
&gt; They're not related They can definitely be related. I and numerous others have had gluten issues along with lactose issues then quit gluten and a few years later dairy is back on the menu.
&gt; celiac disease can affect many things This is kind of the point though, it doesn't matter to OP if the gluten issue directly caused the lack of lactase or if it's a symptom of a screwed up gut that needs to heal. For many of us with massive allergies, lactose intolerance, anxiety/depression, joint and connective tissue issues when we quit the gluten and give things a chance to heal many of these other ailments clear up. &gt;it ain't related but you can't just quip that they aren't related when there is a sizable number of us for whom it was directly related and changed drastically after our diets were changed.
and /r/felinebehavior
B12 and magnesium, people with gut issues/absorptions issues often have deficiencies in both of these.
This one is better than 75% of the crap on HPC.
oh come on now that channel is so overhyped it's ridiculous, there's 1 out of 10 that's even decent. most of what's driving that channel is the desire people have to see shit smashed unfortunately that doesn't really translate to what actually takes place.
&gt; Most of it is actually pretty boring. it's clawing-your-eyes-out boring IMO, I get mad that I even spent time to click on that shit let alone watch for almost a minute sometimes.
&gt; could learn a thing or two I would say they couldn't learn anything from them. The skill level divide is so incredibly vast that to our US teams this looks like magic and simply unreal to them.
/r/toomanypillows
He literally pulled one of the mechanism on the clock.
You know you've done your business model right when you can open a new store and not sell the thing that started your business in the first place.
Every single mutherfucking christmas eve around 1am the roads are amazing, you can do pretty much anything you want.
Released in 2002 and more relevant than ever. I saw him on tour around this time with Mitch Hedberg and Dave Attell at the Tabernacle, backwards fucktards in the audience didn't like his 'left' leaning humor.
we should have a minutia day, today could be that day.
Pretty sure those are the 4channers that started the whole thing and they just think its all a big joke though some have probably come around to being a tiny bit serious about him they are still just there 'for the lulz', as they used to say.
wow, there is so much I dislike about this house.
Why do you need a rebuttal? If someone thinks a candle helps them with the test so what, why bother with it? Placebo works whether it's a sugar pill or a candle. You're only going to make yourself look like an aggressive asshat if you push your ideas on someone that isn't really interested in the first place.
&gt; the greatest thing ever the first time Actually it's great for the first few months if you don't go off the deep end straight away.
anyone have a tl;dw for the lazy?
Frozen eggnog with brandy or whiskey
Stanhope
The refined coconut oil has no smell to it, this is what I use for an after shower moisturizer. Had to switch from the virgin because it was making my clothes smell funny.
It's not just their work culture, don't they have some pretty deep divides with gender? Seems as though many women are just opting out rather than getting stuck in a skewed marriage where they have to give up autonomy and career.
FINGERTOES
I with the author here. Ya, this one was just not there for me it was choppy, disjointed and the story didn't have enough body to it. Some parts were done well but I feel like the whole puppet thing was too much of a distraction for everyone involved and made it easy to miss the fact that the story line was seriously lacking. Like all Kaufman movies I will give it another go (or two) but as of right now this one is not on his greatest hits list afaic.
You better post a pic of that pig right now.
Not really, gun violence is much worse where gang problems are worse.
I dont think anyone here is talking about a situation with a language barrier.
Or they understand it perfectly and have it there for comedic value.
Jesus merch, decorative refrigerator magnets, religious knick knacks, greeting cards, t-shirts, hats, posters, crosses etc.
You can mean whatever you want but that doesn't mean you will be understood.
nothing wrong with salt unless you have a health condition that precludes high salt intake.
&gt;his head that'll do
[Yoga or Vodka](http://imgur.com/gallery/182iq)
&gt; cutting fucking mental health programs in public schools This statement implies there are mental health programs in public schools and for the most part this is completely untrue.
&gt; not the case elsewhere Because religion. I'm being snarky here but for many places this is exactly the reason for others there would be arguments of funding, what type of social worker, custodial interference, CPS something or other. I don't know what all but the arguments would be loud and numerous from many sides.
This was me as a kid, I knew by age 11 or 12 I would never physically have a child, I toyed with the idea of adoption since kids seemed to be the natural way of things but as I got older I saw that kids were just not in my future. Ya, I heard the 'you'll change your mind' song over and over but guess what? I'm 50 and didn't change my damn mind.
it should affect both parties approximately equally. And one would think it wouldn't be quite so finely tuned in on physical areas that are largely democrat. Seems a bit odd to quite a few folks.
It's not like it's a mystery here, we know what it does to people. Coke shuts you down to the outside, it's a 'me' based drug - strictly ego. Seems to me about the last thing you'd want to do out there.
&gt; provisions so that you can still vote. If you are talking about provisional ballots those are to pacify that person standing there trying to vote, those ballots aren't counted. If there were the problems occurring for the Reps as they were for the Dems don't you think we would have heard something about it? People would have gone to the media, posted on blogs or social media but we've heard nothing.
Yes worth its worth it if you need it. Get one that is sold in the refrigerated section, powdered is best imo, and take on an empty stomach about 15 min before eating. If you've had long term stomach issues glutamine is also belpful for healong the gut.
'Really bitter' very often means you are drinking crappy coffee.
meetup.com hundreds of groups meeting all the time doing all sorts of things non-religion based.
&gt; must be a southern thing. Can we guess the roots of this thought process? It won't take much to trace it back to why you wouldn't want to have free foods in your front yard in the south.
Thats part of it but we also have had a huge influx of people, more people more accidents.
And it still ends too soon, need to see the whole thing play out and they hit a second time.
As someone else said it sounds like this particular pile is important, let it go and move on to something else. Put those screws and such in a 5gal bucket put a lid on it and leave it for last.
No, this is part of the Darwin Olympics.
But where did they expect that ball to end up? There is nothing to stop it from doing what it did. A dude trying to push a 10ft dia ball with two full grown people in it won't do much as we saw here.
There are a few places that have an increase in crime over the last 2 or 3 years.
&gt; women and men have been covering themselves One in cool, heat/light reflecting white and the other in heat capturing, sweltering black.
&gt; People should be able to wear what they want Aside from any talk of religious attire pools have always had clothing restrictions of all sorts from no cut-off jeans, no t-shirts, no street clothes in general, no hair oils or body oils allowed in the water. Most of these have to do with debris, dirt, lint, thread/strings coming from the clothing and mucking up the filter system.
Well, I'm sure that there are legit businesses that have outside sales people working parking lots, malls, door-to-door selling cologne as their business model, I'm not guessing here. I obviously don't know the particular guy in OPs tale but I have encountered dozens of these people over the years in my daily life and as a door-to-door sales person when I was younger. They typically carried a large, black, block shaped sample case that contained boxed bottles of cologne. They target people that are decently dressed and look like they buy knock-offs (tjmaxx/marshalls/target parking lots). Their pitch starts with what type of perfume/cologne do you wear? Then they have a similar product for you to try and they extoll the virtues of their product.
Used computer stores very often take this type of recycling along with other places, I just did a quick search and came up with several for my area.
how does a 3d printer use ceramic?
&gt; He raped her with stuff he found on the ground. I don't think this is what happened, I think the dirt and debris were collateral damage from being outside and on the ground.
Saving this for later boogie time.
Our recycling will not take broken glass.
Monty python did it first https://youtu.be/Yz2LaJOVAiA
"Nothing to do with religion" my ass, why would you have any problem with gay people unless your religion told you to?
&gt; It can sometimes be combined ~~with insanity~~. ..with homosexual feelings that become too conflicted with their perceived reality.
Actually no it isn't, the *old testament* talks about death to homosexuals (though this can be debated due to translation and intent) but after Jesus came/died/rose from the dead it made the old testament mostly obsolete, it's good for reference but those are no longer laws, his entire purpose was to help people move forward from those archaic ways and to 'see the light'. So most christians shouldn't be tied to the old testament so much though there are the strange sects that seem conflicted about which parts of the bible they should follow.
what container did you use to brew the tea, what container are you using currently? what type of sugar did you use? Have you used this tea before?
your skin can split and cause an open gash because of this, it can take a long time to heal. soak in water then use a pumice stone and moisturize asap .
No it's not you, I have a small kitchen and it's a one at a time deal, no other way to do it. Aside from that you two need to work out who does what in the kitch for cleaning and cooking. In our house we have specific designated tasks that are always ours, we don't switch and it isn't arbitrary. It works great since there is no question who does what. I load the dishwasher and he empties, I cook and he packs up the food, I clean the sink and counters and he does the pots and pans. This way if the dishes are stacked on counter it's always on me, if the clean dishes aren't put away it's on him.
welp, since the only thing you've changed is the tea that's probably the thing cause the problem.
Actually there really isn't anything unhealthy about large quantities of butter. Obviously we are talking about a resturant version of a dish vs OPs home version not sitting around eating multiple sticks of butter per day.
&gt; but he tends to not take responsibility for the chores that actually are his. We have ours on a spreadsheet so there's no confusion. &gt;I'd end up cooking on every single pot Ya, you two need to talk about this and find out why he thinks that as an adult person he shouldn't have to clean up the shared household messes. Quite a bit of this comes down to what his house/family was like when he grew up, did his mom do all the kitchen duties? Then he just might subconsciously think you should be doing all of that. I dealt with this in my current relationship (still dealing to a certain extent) but we had some talks and found some middle ground though it took a long goddamned time to work through it. The spreadsheet posted on the fridge really helped us since there was no question about what should be done.
&gt; There are definitions professionals use. This doesn't mean those definitions are correct, plenty in the DSM has changed dramatically over the years.
Could be to prevent arguments like "they are fully clothed, why can't I wear my tshirt, jeans, socks, hat, gloves, belt into the pool?" and then the pool manager standing there like an asshole with no answer.
&gt; people who believe their rights and opinions are better than others Someone sitting there believing this and voicing it vs someone committing violence in its name are two very different things. Undertaking a violent action against another person is very often coming from a place of mental illness.
Clippers, nail file, and pumice type callus stone are essential to my not going completely bonkers on my nails. I have a set of these in multiple places in my house, set in my car, and office.
I might still do it if I were able.
How long do they live and what else do they eat besides delicious jelly?
Oh, gawd I used to do this too, then I started thinking through the amount of dirt on my feet and decided that wasn't a very good idea anymore. Now, I clip the excess skin from around my fingers and chew on that! mm mmm.
It would take just as many steps to get that garment in the right position on the clips as it would to fold the damn thing yourself.
Op, try your post here as well: https://www.reddit.com/r/nashvillejobs
&gt; Selfish people are dense don't assume selfish when just dense will do.
you seem to be just repeating a phrase you've heard. this isn't clickbait nor is the title.
R/DAE used to be wildly popular several years ago until everyone realized that any single thing you can possibly come up with there's a million other people doing that same stupid/weird/gross/bizarre thing too.
Just fyi that stock seat will probably be a mild torture device. Ya your local bike shop can definitely help with a seat fitting and to get your bike more fitted as well. If you won't be riding too much at first the fit wont be as important but as you move up to more riding its very important.
&gt; weird as fuck. No it isn't, it's been done for, well forever. It's only just right now that we are thinking that maybe we shouldn't place so much importance on looks since it's entirely superficial. Don't make it sound like this idea has been established and accepted as canon for decades because it most definitely has not. Yes, making observations about someone being superficial is probably good but calling someone a piece of shit for them making a very tame comment is just you being a piece of shit asshole yourself.
Can you post some pics of the inside?
cool, can't wait to see it.
&gt;Back pain. Jesus, the fucking back pain was hell. I ended up with 4 herniated discs that I am certain were from the gluten. The pain was immense and overwhelming and went on for months at a time. Quit gluten and now only have intermittent issues that are from overwork in the gym or yard mostly.
This isn't any sort of fight it's merely masterful editing.
Lennon is not fine afaic, he was a shitbag abusive, hypocrite.
&gt;Chris Brown for being an abusive asshole, but John Lennon is just fine. where is there sarcasm in that comment? This is a true statement though I might disagree with Brown being all that condemned since he's still selling quite a few records. I was just in a thread yesterday where people were strongly defending Lennon. I could start a new one now and there would be more people for Lennon than against. Maybe you just aren't keeping up .
&gt;crunk I remember the movie Rize and how it was pretty awesome, other than that it didn't touch my world.
Plenty of Buddhist sects that are deep in religious dogma, totally depends on the brand.
BUT LOOK AT ALL THIS MONEY I HAVE!!
You can get another 100k on that car easily, fix the ac.
Definitely not the best, he's ok. He does what he does pretty well but it just doesn't make me laugh very much (actually none).
what a transformation, he's beautiful.
Here's my list but none of these are very exotic. Rabbit, buffalo, Snake, alligator, dear, ostrich, kangaroo, cricket.
&gt; Damned if I know why 1. Rural, completely isolated areas with zero police/law enforcement it literally takes days for someone to get to the location. Some villages can only be accessed by plane and that's only happening if the weather is right. 2. Alcoholism rate is very high. 3. Criminals, escape to Alaska since they know it's easier to evade law enforcement. 4. Male to Female ratio is skewed and in some places wildly so.
scary fingernails wouldn't go anywhere near my vag or butt.
But McDs still gets front page of reddit every week with crap. Still an advertisement and you guys are pushing it for them. bravo.
..calloused vag..
this one's a bit weak since it has the full name of the main character.
/r/autism, /r/aspergers, /r/aspergirls might have some more suggestions for you
Not that I need it, but they make dress zipping doohickies that hook into the zipper head and use a long ribbon to pull it up from over you shoulder.
There already is a group of folks with asd experimenting with diet some are getting great results others not so much.
here are these http://asperger-employment.org/assistance-for-individual/ https://www.autismspeaks.org/news/news-item/these-4-big-companies-employ-people-autism https://www.thespectrumcareers.com/ http://www.blogging4jobs.com/hr/companies-hiring-adults-with-autism/
&gt; very intolerant to anyone who's different, just the fact I'm gay upsets quite a few people around here. Stop talking to these people, do not associate with them.
Oh thanks this looks great. I did 23 a few years ago and it was awesome but then I didn't know what to do with most of the info other than a 'hmm that's interesting'. I'll dig around what you've posted and see what turns up for me.
I got a 98 (honestly), this is my only accomplishment today.
great list, thanks.
A couple of years ago they 'fuzzed' the voting so you don't actually see the real votes, this was said to be done in the name of avoiding manipulation and spiraling. In many subs there is no longer a vote lower than 1 or 0, this is done to make things look better to the outside world and put a nice shine on things and to prevent the brigades from decimating a sub. This week they altered the voting even further to keep certain subs from flooding the front page (the donald in particular), so essentially the voting is all but meaningless at this point.
I think you've posted the wrong link here, this is going directly to /r/keto
It would save qite a bit of money by streamlining all of those ridiculous departments spread across multiple cities and counties.
I spent a good bit of my earlier life pissed off and annoyed, now that I'm older there are far fewer things that annoy me or maybe I should say I am much more aware of what annoys me and do my best to not let it in to my world. I don't drive in traffic, I don't go to loud restaurants with tvs, I don't shop in crowded stores, I don't go to places playing shitty music, I don't eat bad food, I don't expose myself to close minded yahoos.
If I were a parent of a kid with ASD there seems to be more than enough data for a change in diet to be worth a shot. GF and casein free seem to be the way to go, this diet isn't easy for anyone just starting out let alone trying to monitor a kid and maybe a kid that isn't so easy to communicate with. I could see where compliance would be an issue and length of time as well. Many folks think that 2 or3 weeks would be enough to get results but it usually isn't so there are probably many that give up and never really find out if it would work or not. In addition there could be other gut issues aside from diet that need to be addressed such as absorption issues, vitamin deficiencies etc. https://www.autism.com/treating_diets http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0066155 http://aut.sagepub.com/content/3/1/45.short http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1179/147683010X12611460763922
They scraped the numbers from their patient files about demographics and then tacked a bunch of meaningless words around them. This 'article' is kinda crappy and a bit spammy since it's for a rehab center.
Yes, its to lower the stess levels of the cheetah.
&gt; t's not like they can tear town the construction and have him start all over again, right? Yes they can. Call the building inspector for you area this is who handles these things. Talking to this person directly is you best bet.
It's not that common, I'm 50 and have been in my share of hardware stores and have never heard this a single time until right now.
Why not? Because the abortion theory doesn't hold up in other countries whereas the lead theory has worked repeatedly in different regions showing the same tesults.
You seem to be talking about the US exclusively we are talking about regions all over the world. Most truly poor people in the world cannot afford abortions (at least the medical procedure you seem to be referring to) and very often their cultures have been so disrupted they have lost any folk/herbal abortifacients they might have had so these women are usually stuck having an unwanted child.
What does this have to do with recycling?
I just looked this up and had no idea people were doing this for their skin care and such. Brushing your skin is also used by people with sensory processing disorder (lots of people on the spectrum have this), people that have a hard time with things touching their skin use this to make things not quite so crazy making. So I can only speak to this aspect but yes it works.
OP, how have you been here for 5yrs and are unaware of this: /r/birdswitharms
But they have all those left over dogs after they are no longer trendy. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/18/world/asia/once-prized-tibetan-mastiffs-are-discarded-as-fad-ends-in-china.html?_r=0
Is he trying to push against the sides and/or top for comfort and is dislodging the whole thing? Maybe he needs one that's more stable with a bit of weight to it.
Might be he pushed against it trying to secure himself it moved and came back down so he thought he was being attacked, rinse repeat. A more secure place for him to hide would probably be better.
They've probably seen them already, that sub was huge a couple of years ago I actually had to unsub because the new posts were clogging up my front page it's calmed way down now though.
Good info there, I will definitely be more prepared the next time mine gets in a mood.
&gt; i suffered from severe insomnia for 7 years This is what I'm am looking to alleviate, I've been going on 10yrs w/o proper sleep and it's wrecking my life. I know if I could sleep regularly that so many other things would be easier for me to deal with. I've tried prescriptions but am left so hungover for the next 24 hrs it's not really worth it. I've tried all sorts of herbals and otc supplements some with a decent effect, they've at least managed to get me to 3-4hrs of sleep in one go, but nothing that has gotten me over that 4hr hump that I feel would really do the trick. Thanks for replying.
It seems like he really needs help understanding he shouldn't put the goddamned needle on the floor of the public restroom. This is grossing me out far more than any thing else in this picture.
/r/photoshopbattles might like this
Hey it's 115 outside, I'm from Germany, I want to hike, and I have no idea what I'm doing- LET'S GO!
No, but my fictional european person is vacationing AZ and the US uses fahrenheit. (actually not too fictional since I believe one of the hikers that died was from germany)
&gt; just calorie dense so you probably don't want too much of it. This isn't a good reason not to eat fat.
Need to get these down to SA and prevent those zika babies.
My SO is the same way, hates that yeasty-vinegar smell, meanwhile I love it. But lately he's getting me back by making the foulest smelling pickled daikon on the planet, it smells like death in the refrigerator atm.
Yep used to happen to me routinely. I have to shower (or wash the lady bits) immediately prior to putting on the riding shorts, I also dab a bit of virgin coconut oil on my parts as well (it has antimicrobial properties). Both of these seems to have solved the issue. Obviously plenty of water post ride. Also if you run into UTI territory again get some D-mannoes from the health food store, take twice per day for a few days and don't eat any sugar (this feeds the bacteria in the bladder) and it should clear things right up w/o going the antibiotics route.
God, he has a fit when I deglaze a pan with vinegar as well, he thinks it smells like a garbage dump but he certainly has no problem eating the food when it's done. :) whadaya gonna do?
&gt;Hallejula or praise FSM (ra-men)
&gt;I feel fidgety How about walking meditation? This made a huge difference for me the last time I went through a fidgety phase. I sync my footfalls with my breathing so my whole body is integrated. It's a very slow deliberate pace that doesn't allow much room for anything else in your head.
I see no problem with this at all and if I were able to bike to the water would love to be able to use this with my canoe.
And it's been used to make paper http://www.treehugger.com/green-architecture/who-knew-tasmanian-wombat-poo-turned-into-handmade-paper.html
&gt; a poor choice ..is not buying the car your neighbor was selling at 15k below bluebook, going to the nascar race with your known alcoholic BIL and him getting you both arrested, going out with your old college buddies to the strip bar, getting wasted and doing coke all night and into the next day. these are 'poor choices'. I don't understand how anyone could not recognize 115 degree heat as a deadly situation especially for anyone who isn't acclimatized to that type of weather. If you are not from the desert and don't go outside in that kind of heat on a regular basis you are putting yourself at risk for death. This isn't a remote possibility that you would suffer a heat injury it's almost a certainty. This is similar to having no experience with swimming other than your local pool and then saying fuck it, I'm going to swim The English Channel.
Both my personal front page and my /all are curated by myself, I don't see it. If you don't like it filter.
Now this is a perfect post, title talks about poop and there's a vid with actual poop. The future is here, my friends.
This looks like it could be used for a prosthesis.
ohmy, the VR possibilities..
&gt;can't think of a scenario ...dorm shower, hostel, camp ground shower, you're buddy's gross shower, the truck stop shower.
still better than fungus growing on your feet.
&gt;festival pride what is this? are you proud you've bought a ticket and attended a music show, or are you talking about some other sort of festival? I'm confused about what pride you are talking about.
too much, those cabinets are way over the top by themselves but with the ceiling it's kind of tacky.
i've read this 5x's and still have no idea what you are saying.
I have a big fat, older scoby and my brew is going at warp speed right now.
pull out the fridge and see what's happening if you have an ice maker be careful of the water line, don't pull it out too far. you don't really need an exterminator for a mouse just go get a trap, put some peanut butter on it and you should have your critter by morning.
Do you eat beforehand? Maybe make sure to have food in your stomach when you start out. I've found I'm hungry as hell when I start the comedown, keep something soft and easy to eat around (maybe a few things) instant oatmeal, grits, or other hot cereal, yogurt, ice cream you get the idea. Oatmeal is a big fave over here; warm, soft, comforting, a little sweet and I can always add a bunch of water and drink it if the chewing thing isn't working out so well. Oh and for some fat add some butter or peanut butter too. mm mmm. Also hot herbal tea, peppermint or ginger are good ones, if nothing else hot water with lemon and a bit of sugar can do the trick.
I'm wondering how in the heck you can lump those three together, Clinton is more right than Obama.
Pain relievers don't work unless you take enough at the outset, its not nearly as effective to take a small amount and then more later on as it is to take enough to do the job in the first place.
&gt;gut and kidneys Ibuprofen's upper limit is in the 20k mg to 30k mg range and you would need to take that for a many days (or more) before incurring damage. This stuff isn't like acetaminophen that can start doing damage in the 10k mg range in a couple of days. These two are very different.
might be the muscle relaxer class of drugs just isn't for you, did you ask if they all have the same mechanism and would cause a similar reaction in you? what about anti-inflammatories? Is there some reason you aren't taking one? What about a tranquilizer? this last one would be for short term use only but could at least take the edge off for a bit and let you get some rest. I'm not sure of all the interactions here so you would need to talk to your doctor and they might have good reasons for not giving the others to you but it's worth having the conversation with them. Maybe make a list of question before you go in the next time so you can have them address all of your issue and get definitive answers.
I would say there is quite a bit of difference between a pride fest and a music fest. One is a celebration of identity, culture, and politics and the other is a commercial music show. Now granted the music show can have components of culture, identity, and camaraderie (very often fueled by intoxicants) and yes people dress up for both but I would say the two are different enough to warrant different conversations.
Easily my favorite Atwood book.
&gt; GHB doesn't give you the blacked out walking around thing It does when it's mixed with alcohol, this part happens right before you black out. I worked in a club where I saw this happen repeatedly, took care of the women it happened to, and talked with the women the next days afterwards. It was the same story over and over. Many of these women did it to themselves (took G voluntarily) many were drugged unknowingly.
Really? I watched some shit of his on netflix and I did even crack a smirk. He used tired worn out premises, delivery and timing were awful. Seemed like he was one of those canned vegas acts that all sound the same.
And he opened for the Pope
&gt; he's ever been 'happy' Oh come on, after he'd been in his relationship and he know she was the one, he was practically beaming, I could see the happy in his eyes and in the way he spoke about his lady. He had an upbeat tone that just wasn't ever present prior to her in his life. &gt;the two albums I mentioned I will check them again, could be I wasn't so happy when I saw them.
That second thing you are talking about is 'election fraud'.
I dont think they forgot the movie just wasn't that good imo.
Did you watch this video? He said that there are no votes of dead people being cast at all, the idea has been completely debunked. So he said the exact opposite of what you have claimed. Is this what you wanted me to see? The only dead votes or rather voting impersonation are happening at a legislative level and seems to be happening in Texas in particular. The election fraud that the sanders camp is claiming is based on voter rolls being manipulated; thousands of names deleted in key areas and parties switched leaving these people unable to vote.
This took me a while but I finally got it. Good one. and fuck you to all the knuckle draggers that can't act right.
Oh I get what you mean, I'm questioning the efficiency of the process. Most things of this type in libraries are old and outdated if they exist at all, ya you can order something from another library and have it sent but this isn't always an easy process and can involve quite a bit of time (at least in my system). I'm saying yours would be a time consuming endeavor that may or may not be fruitful. It's probably a pretty good bet that most info would be available online within a few clicks.
Toilet paper, paper towels, laundry soap, dishwasher powder, liquid dish soap (this is also my hand soap in the house), kitchen sponges. I buy all of these to last for at least a year and many of them several years. I do not want to think about this crap more than that.
http://geckocare.net/leopard-gecko-food/ http://www.reptilesmagazine.com/Care-Sheets/Lizards/Leopard-Gecko/ http://geckocare.net/leopard-gecko-care/
where do they come from?
Need some morning after and abortion pill drone fly overs like they are doing in Ireland.
or maybe I have an aversion to speeded up vids with choppy editing.
stop with the crap story already.
I would like to see it in 6months.
Quite a bit of recycling gets tossed in the landfill here, Dekalb recently announced they will no long recycle glass. They will collect it if you put it out but it will get dumped in the landfill.
Technically if you get 'rolled you are supposed to watch the whole thing, that's kinda the whole shtick. That's the reason people used to get so made at being rolled in the first place. Now the anger is just a carry over from days gone by since most people don't follow protocol and watch it through.
&gt;Why not Because it's part of going out to eat in the US, don't like it? Don't go out to eat.
That driver works almost exclusively on tips though.
This article doesn't seem directed to anyone that would be subbed here. We are probably already recycling and aren't in the group that would be just tossing out perfectly good clothing into the trash heap.
3-4cups of pop corn is around 18g carbs pretty good deal if you ask me. start counting your carbs and you will know if this fits in with your plan. /r/lowcarb /r/Paleo /r/keto
&gt; Hillary Clinton set up a personal and private server in her home, in defiance of her training and the rules. On which she conducted all of her government business. The server was configured to be her mail server, at least in part, to avoid FOIA requests. None of this is enough for a criminal prosecution or even more than a firm 'looking into this' and then ending with a change in policy to prevent this from happening in the future.
We will see but we probably shouldn't hold our breath.
If you give someone money and they give you cologne how is that a scam?
Actually this was a legit business model for while, the company bought speakers and literally sold them out of vans in parking lots. Stuff wasn't stolen. I used to sell encyclopedias and we knew all the other outside sales people.
So I guess craigslist's entire business model is just a really bad idea.
/r/frugaljerk
2-3 weeks isn't long enough and I'm baffled where this 2-3wk thing is coming from, you can still have antibodies in you system for a month following exposure to gluten and with this your body still reacting for the entire time. 2-3 months is a much bettter time frame and should be followed if someone really wants a definitive answer.
You can definitely still get a negative and be gluten intolerant.
Nestle has been allowed by the state to take all the water they want to the entire time. Nothing nefarious here just shitty state officials allowing stupity to continue for decades. Can't really demonize a complete amoral company for asking to take something and the people in charge saying 'sure go right ahead' .
&gt;unless you have some sort of bug spray The bug spray in this case should be city/county officials that should have the better interests of their area in mind rather than supporting the ticks in their endeavors.
Personally I think this is an improvement, it's not like they took a decent car and did shitty things to it. They took a shitty car and did cutesy things to and made it differently shitty. Seems like this is either a lateral move or slight improvement.
I bet he didn't do any such thing.
Glad he made it out of there in one piece.
Great work, Dr. Grossman
You do know there won't be any 'payoff', right? This will spin right up until the election and then will fizzle out.
got a source for that? pretty sure you are way outdated with your info here.
Not to disagree that High Sierra sucks here, they clearly do but is there a reason you didn't contact the retailer you purchased from and see what they would offer? This is always my first call because very often they will want to make it right since it's a reflection on their company and after all it would be a simple exchange for them then they deal with the maker or write it off.
more please
From your first article: "*But law enforcement sources did say that investigators have not uncovered any direct links between Mateen and members of Islamic State.*" second article: "*Several men came forward in the wake of Mateen’s June 12 massacre at a gay nightclub claiming the man who slaughtered 49 people frequented the club and used gay dating apps.*" "*The officials stressed that the probe is ongoing and no formal conclusion has been reached on the question of Mateen’s sexuality.*" You do understand that you don't have to have been in a physical relationship with someone to determine your sexuality. Were you gay or straight before you had sex? I'll take a guess that you knew the answer to that question while you were still a virgin.
Alimony is already a rare event if there are no children and even more rare if there is no time accumulated in the marriage, there is no reason here for any money to be awarded.
&gt;why because it isn't funny and gets the name of the hot sauce on the front page.
&gt; tracks shovel usage statistics. You mean for just this particular shovel, right?
