This was on the announcers. Cole and King should have been calling him something along the lines of a "no good rotten scoundrel"
Just fyi you got downvoted because this is a place for questions.
Blue pants was a "jobber" that Zo &amp; Cass brought out to put Carmella over in her early days on tv. Blue pants either looked really awesome/won (I can't remember if she won), but the crowd really got behind her. She's a good worker.
I didn't know it was Corpus Christi until I was finished watching and looked it up. I didn't pay attention to the beginning and didn't watch the pre-show. They were definitely quiet before the last two matches. I was on patrol for spot calling last night for some odd reason so they seemed loud. I thought the crowd was good for the finishes of the main event and Owens/Cena. Other than that I wasn't impressed.
Thanks couldn't recall
I'm sure that didn't hurt lol
It seems like the only explanation they give is that ..."Kane and HHH have been wrestlers and in the business for a long time, so they are friends". This may be true, but it's not like Kane was in the Kliq or anything. I don't doubt that Trips and Kane are friends, the reasoning just seems a little too simple/(slightly) lazy for my taste. I'm not losing sleep over it or anything...just sayin'. Edit:/u/twinightstream7 below is more accurate than me
Ah yeah I forgot about that whole deal.
The bath totally worked for me. She didn't ballup once and the nails are clipped
Hey now both Orton and ICP have appeared at Wrestlemania. So....there's that?
I wasn't around for it but I'm sure Mets said the same when compared to /u/Dolphins1982
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted, but *IF* the kid was a plant, that's horribly shitty by WWE. I'm going to assume a company I devote at minimum 4 hours a week to isn't that shitty.
&gt; I used to be the biggest Wyatt mark and now I have to watch him cut promo, after promo, after promo only to job to a guy like Reigns! It's not the losing to Reigns that's the issue. Reigns is slotted as a main eventer right now and Wyatt isn't. It's the "Bray lost to a guy who went through 2 matches and a post match beat down" that is the mother fucker of it all.
Your comment isn't making sense to me? are you just saying basically you're done with Bray and done expecting him to ever amount to anything thanks to shitty booking?
No worries. Just curious. Cheers! I would say follow the buzzards but evidently they lead to mediocrity
Not a chance, but I sure do hope so.
They all speak Spanish anyways. No big difference.
I'm going to have to respectfully disagree. You may disagree with me which is fine too. But stating that it induced real emotion and positivity nullifies any cheapness one may perceive. That's just my opinion.
I get the one that /u/billyK_ posted below, but this one I don't understand. I get that venison is the culinary term for deer meat, but not how this is a joke.
I'm going to have to politely disagree. Regardless of them playing characters, if owens goes at a kid with cancer, it's going to make headlines in a negative manner
Yeah I understand homophones, but venison's dear doesn't make sense to me. This (using deer) just seems like someone checking facts
Maybe that's it. I figured mine didn't want to ball up to prevent her face from being submerged. Either way it worked and that's all that matters :)
You might be right about America not caring, but I don't know that the heat (which would be fucking nuclear) is worth the risk. I think I saw something on the post raw thread (could've been elsewhere) saying Owens could have said something like "Kid I hope you beat cancer like I'm going to beat your hero". Not near the same amount of heat but definitely no backlash from that.
Yep things went downhill just before they went public
Seth Rollins sucks, and Great Khali was the the most under utilized talent EVER!
say car rambrose! I wrote it on the paper!
His face may not be great, but size-wize I think Wun Wun is the top dog from GoT now.
Ah FOR FUCKS SAKE -Adam Bibilo
Owens versus Cena, it surely was a treat. The way Owens pinned Cena, certainly was neat But during the rematch, Owens pays for his sins. As every fan remembers LOLCENAWINS
Staring in the store window, but he knows what to do. It's a puppet store. [](/henry "YA'LL A BUNCH OF PUPPETS")
IC match homes! Still funny though
What's the deal with being the 1 behind the 1 in 21 and 1?!
Jeezus. Had to Google that age. Dude does not look 37. He looks younger than Orton but is 3 years older!
Read the text on the post again. Xavier is smarter than the wording here.
Well I don't want to say her past work was worthy of that but..... I also felt bad for her. That had to be brutal to go through. It was brutal to watch.
He looks so old now.
Best spinebuster I've ever seen. Didn't see a lot of Arn but better than Farooq, Trips, Batista, the best.
As best as could be expected. Holy hell that was fucking rude.
I'm guessing she cried after this too. I would've.
Baby Kane is back on tv
The best heels in a long time
Couldn't agree more
*slow clap* I think you have the best hoe down today
With the instagram videos (or whatever outlet it was) of her working with The Brian Kendrick, I'm pretty confident they were attempting to show that she's working on her craft. It was definitely done to garner that reaction. I would be willing to bet that (knowing the nxt crowd is a bit smarky) they thought she'd get a decent response. People saw those vids and complimented them highly. The motives behind releasing them were questioned but not her work itself in said videos. I'm going to have to respectfully disagree
I'm ok with being worked. Not being a complete smark really allows me to enjoy wrestling instead of hating it. I don't mean that as a shot at you, just speaking for myself
I bet you're fun at parties
where's that guy that points out that literally has be colloquialized (i know that's not a word) to also mean figureatively? fuck it's me now. I'm going to go sit in a corner.
At least they're not calling him "the rattlesnake"
I missed out on Leo Kruger. Can you recommend an episode to start at to get some knowledge for him? I don't mind watching another 3-5 eps of NXT after that either. Just want to see what all the hype was about.
I've said this on here before, but Wrestlemania is second Christmas for me. I didn't want to know anything going into it, aside from the event card of who's fighting whom. I avoided /r/SC and my fbook groups like the plague. It was awesome. I've trimmed down my time here somewhat but have been here more since WM, but not reading spoilers and shit or possible future angles, really helps me enjoy the product like I used to. Not completely like being a marky kid but it's close. Give it a shot, it might work. Good luck in your journey.
That throw he does where it looks like a fall away slam is about to happen but he just tosses them to the side looks to be incredibly safe. no chance of landing on the head or the neck, or directly on a limb or shoulder. The worst you might get is a friction burn from skidding across the mat. I also think that move makes it seem like Titus is thinking "I'm strong as fuck and don't care where I toss you" in a kayfabe sense. I'm sure Titus the person cares where/how he throws his opponent.
Just remember you're only hear from those that comment. I'm not disagreeing with you by any means either. I don't know if you have any friends that are wrestling fans, but of my group, I only hear from the ultra-smarky (in the sense of the asshole ones you're talking about) from the asshole ones. They hate Cena and Reigns regardless and give no credit when it's due. Just based on my experience with those I know IRL, the people that like wrestling just watch it and don't say much, but the ones that only like their "indy-darling" and hate the Cenas and Reigns of the world. Just keep that in mind. You'll only ever hear from those that comment. Seems obvious, but it wasn't to me when I first found this sub. Cheers!
I wouldn't mind them ditching the chanting thing. If the announcers ever explained it, in kayfabe or shoot, I might think better of it, but I don't understand it and seems to just hype them up more than anything. If it was something the crowd could participate with (a la New Age Outlaws or Enzo&amp;Cass), I think it would be better as well. To the uninformed (i.e. me and some others I'm sure) it's Samoan stuff I just don't understand.
Yes I think it would be
That can be arranged. My dad sharpens metal professionally
Why does her face look broken?
Cute! However it almost looks like he had a bifurcated tongue and is locking his nose from both sides lol
Just a character named **H**unter **H**earst **H**elmsley. Proceed watching cuz it's awesome
Miss him more than DB and I fear for Cesaro now
That would work I just prefer regulated myself
Glass shattering I definitely agree with. Hell's gonna break lose. Brock's music (even though I get really pumped every time I hear that dolphin/guitar noise) doesn't really say anything to me. I mean I guess it's a hard rock/metal/whatever genre you want to pick, but Seth Rollins, Roman, and Dean Ambrose all have themes that I would say are similar to Brock's. Obviously not the same, but similar still. That being said, I don't think those 4 guys are similar. Maybe Brock fits it the best, but I think guys like SCSA, HBK, and Taker fit much better. Sorry I took the scenic route in getting to my point.
Taker and Flair, yes. Macho Man's theme always seemed weird for him, to me. He had the sparkly robes like Flair, so that kind of fit. However, he always had a wild side, and crazy eyes. I think a rock tune would have fit Macho better. However, I will never forget his theme, because of how out of place I thought it was. So maybe there is something to that.
This probably fit him better, but This Fire Burns, was so fucking intense and awesome. Probably my favorite "non in-house/Jim Johnston created" song ever used for an entrance.
Which Edge? Which Dolph? Edit:folks they've both had multiple themes and I was questioning which themes. Thanks
They also can test out new spots/moves/finishers what have you to see if they'll work or will get over. This is better than broadcasting some huge botch of a spot you're trying for the first time on national tv
According to Game Grumps own Arin Hanson, Birdo is a guy according to Nintendo.
Fucking Reddit. My mind read it as "Azrael represents the 'Cat Facts'"
I'm not sure what you want to draw, or what medium you want to use. I'd recommend starting in pencil. It's easy to erase and cheap to buy. As for what to draw....when I was in art classes in high school, Our teacher took a roll of white paper towels, and other various things (books mostly I think) and wrapped them in white paper. This helps you see shadows really well. Shadows contrast really well off the white surfaces. Also if you're going to try this, put everything on a white piece of posterboard or a large sheet of white paper. Also if you're using natural light, and don't complete the drawing in one day (which is no biggie) make sure to draw at a similar time of day as the shadows will change with the angle of the sun. if you're using a lamp as a light source then draw whenever you please. However, if you're wanting to do cartoons or animation or stuff like that, this could still help, but likely not as much. I found the hardest part of learning to draw, was teaching my brain to see things properly. Once you looked at something the way you needed to, getting it on paper was easy.
Regular match. Ref stopped it due to zayn being unable to continue. Maybe I misunderstood the original question. Owens pummeled him too bad.
Another masterpiece by Mr. Al Yankovic
Think of it this way. If someone HAS to get hurt, I'd rather it be a diva. I absolutely don't want anyone to get hurt, but I think a guy like Rollins or Neville could take that bump properly. I don't want them taking it though. I don't mean this to sound sexist/chauvinistic but the divas aren't as interesting unfortunately. I don't want one of the main guys out taking a poisoned Frankensteiner
I completely agree, but that's a move that will always worry me.
It makes me think of Foley's car crash sound.
You are correct. Joey Mercury is younger than both of them, and Titus O'Neill and Sheamus.
I'll agree with you that he was MUCH better tonight, with some back and forth. I just can't get into him. I want to like seeing every character, but he bores me and feels clunky in the ring.
This is pretty on point how I feel but I didn't know it. You're right. Strength is obviously his main appeal, but Cesaro is billed at 60 lbs lighter and probably functionally stronger than most guys on the roster. I find him (Ryback) more entertaining on social media than I do on tv.
If you hate grinding you ought to look into Jamaican daggering. It's hilarious Here's a link: https://youtu.be/cRE5X-H3MsI
I lost my 15 year old dog, on a Tuesday in 2011 and my cousin killed himself 2 days later. Hugs to ya.
No he means Avatar.
Good thing he's not in the MITB match then. It'd be tough to climb when your feet stick to the rungs.
There was also a run where he was just called Scorpio I believe. Minus the "Too Cold" bit.
TIL on Barry Horowitz's Wikipedia page, one of his nicknames was "The Winner". Good for you Barry. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Horowitz#In_wrestling
Don't go switching them out, when you know damn well they're different moves. Similar but different.
She looks thinner with her clothes off. Might be the pose she's in, but that's a rare thing
I'm aware. I love most of the running jokes on Wreddit. The redacted joke never made me laugh though
Bravo!
2,700 a month for rent?! Google told me this is $2011 USD. Holy shit that is a lot. $3,700 USD on the high side?! damn. that sucks
I am from a st. Louis suburb so that's a lot to me
You got it!
Oh come on. I'm ok with most of the blindly follow punk stuff that I see, but as a big hockey fan myself, I can't stand for this. The Blackhawks are a team with quite a few hateable guys on the roster. I don't like to hate on teams because they win, but it happens to the best of us. I don't know who your team is in hockey, but don't cheer for the Hawks just because Punk does. Stay strong brother/jack/dude. And another thing... I obviously don't know Punk personally, but from what I gather I would think he'd want you to hate who you hate and not compromise your beliefs. ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^care ^^^who ^^^you ^^^root ^^^for ^^^I'm ^^^just ^^^bored.
I don't care if it'll be historic, pls win TB.
Want to wash it down with some Surge? or perhaps a Jolt Cola?
I am a Montreal fan who lives in St. Louis, so yes you are required to hate the Hawks. On the other hand you picked the wrong team lol. Constant playoff disappointment. Why did you choose the blues out of curiosity? My dad raised me too be a Montreal fan. Love my habs.
Ah I understand now. I'm not familiar with the other Blues but the logic works
&gt; -huricarana driver By this do you mean the poisoned frankensteiner (huricarana with the receiver facing in the opposite direction)? If so, I don't want her doing that. I dont know if any of the women can pull that off safely or convincingly. It seems difficult to pull off safely by anyone.
Civility in /r/SquaredCircle ? I won't stand for this!
I mean this with the utmost respect, but he's got 4 days to heavily mourn. It wouldn't be enough time for me personally, but maybe Dustin and Cody can comprise themselves in that time for a tribute to their father. If not, I don't blame them.
oh my bad. I thought you meant the top rope huricarana. in which the opponent is facing the ring post/crowd
I find its like 75% nice. Nice username btw. Miss that guy
That's coming from a habs fan too so count your self lucky
Baxter? You ate an entire wheel of cheese? !
Dem feelins pop up you gon' hafta hop on you bithickle and ride yo' ass on outta heeyah daddeh. Also, nice flair. lol
Half decade? more like half century. So much good stuff from his time. RIP Dream.
&gt; He seemed too big for death Damn. Well said. He was before my time, but I've watched a bunch of Dusty material. By far the hardest a wrestling death has hit me.
Maybe he banged the gimmick and the offspring of Ambrose and the gimmick is what we currently see on tv.
I agree with you there. Especially since I imagine (and I think I've heard this on podcasts or something) he got a lot of heat coming in. People saying things like "oh you were on TV and think you can be a wrestler", and things like that. He can tap into that kind of sense of entitlement angle of it.
Kind of took the easy way out here, but I cannot argue with you. Have an upvote.
I don't want to burst your bubble friend, but Mark Henry never won anything on a world level, be it powerlifting or strong man competitions from what I can tell. perhaps i'm wrong but here's the wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Henry#Powerlifting_career
I did a quick browse of his wiki, but I don't think Mark Henry as WSM fits, becuase he never won anything on a world level. Lots of US National titles in powerlifting, but nothing on a world scale. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Henry#Powerlifting_career The Lesnar and Angle gimmicks I love
Only child here. I don't want kids. It's possible I suppose via accident (defective contraceptives and such), but I will be wiping out 2 lines!!!!! BWAHAHAHAHA Also I'm assuming my parents have no other children I don't know about. It's HIGHLY unlikely but I suppose not impossible.
Some smells better than others. I've smelled some nasty stuff though
Holy hell that post match interview made Seth and HHH look gigantic. The woman interviewing them (Jo Jo?) must be very very short.
I think I like seeing "Sheamus speech" typed out more than I like reading "Dusty speech" typed out....because fuck Sheamus.
I've never seen such a finish, nor have I heard a ruling on something like that beforehand. I guess being an NFL fan, the whole "Rollins came down with possession" bit of it made sense. As soon as I saw Dean let go, I thought "Damn Seth won", then the bell came. Was it the best finish? I don't know probably not, but to me personally it wasn't unclear.
The only thing that's good about that is a Rollins face turn.
I wish he would appeal to me. He's got a decent moveset with white noise, the irish curse backbreaker, brogue kick, razors edge. He's fucking strong, and while he's on the bigger side, he's not gigantic like Show/Henry/Brock (Brock may not be gigantic, but he always looks huge) . I really try to enjoy everyone on the roster be they heel or face. Sheamus just doesn't to it for me. It's a bummer, because Mr. MITB is somethign I love having loom in the background. However, it's Sheamus and for me personally that's not a good thing.
I'm the same. I like some of his moveset, but not enough for me to want him on my TV. The thing I've enjoyed Sheamus in the most was the tea party with Santino. I wish I had more of an explanation, but all I can come up with is that I AM NOT ENTERTAINED!
So does that make him the New roman Reigns or the Roman Reigns before Roman was Roman?
Well you had a question in your comment, but no. That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
I love when /r/SquaredCircle starts leaking.
is he a genetic freak or more of a genetic jack hammer?
what a fucking reference! Bravo!
I suppose more than anything, refs haven't ever checked under the ring because there usually isn't a reason to. Now....as to why they never have before a Bellas match, you'd think they would. I would question more why someone like Paige last night, after having Twin Magic pulled on her already, didn't request the ref to check under the ring. Seems like it would be reasonable considering the events that transpired.
Like /u/HammletHST said. If they don't get pinned or tapped out, then they lost the match but weren't "beaten". Still a loss but a huge difference in kayfabe. Also lets another match come about in an easier fashion.
Tamina is mean and beats up people for no reason. Bayley hugs people and is nice until she has to have a match and even then she occasionally shows compassion. There's your reason
I wouldn't think the ladder matches would give them logical reasons to look under the ring. However a Bella twin coming out alone is a logical reason given their history. I suppose could also say that checking for Big E and Xavier (since they hadn't wrestled yet) as reinforcements for Kofi during the MITB match could have happend. Again we're arguing logic in pro wrestling. It's a losing battle.
I haven't watched consistently since the 90s (Ferrell Katan Parnell era)
She went to grade school with my mother who is about to turn 57. The math checks out
I assumed the actions taken upon the aforementioned appendage was due to them thinking someone was sneaking up on them or trying to attack them/steal food in the dog's case. I know it's not a fair comparison, but I just imagine eating some french fries or something with one hand and my other hand creeping up towards my mouth. I would think it was weird if I wasn't intending to do it, but I wouldn't bite that wandering hand.
this is cannon.
I think an old polaroid of the a TV screen would have been hilarious as well.
Man Chuck Taylor is a way better wrestler and in much better shape.
That's fucking awesome. I like to think Ron Simmons was watching, shook his head while looking at the floor, and quietly whispered "damn".
Maybe Truth is VKM in blackface. I suppose he would've referred to Byron as Shelton if that was the case.
"What's up Coach?" -R. Truth My choice for quote of the night.
I thought they were his fireflies. Also your flair made me laugh and want to throw up a little.
His belly's just a little beeeg. His hiney's just a little beeeg. But he's bad. And they know he's bad. Sunavabitch, I've gone and choked myself up.
I could've sworn Dolph was from Florida, but then they said he was from Cleveland. Thank you for making me realize I'm not completely crazy. Edit: According to his Wiki he was born in Cleveland, but I know he's billed as being from Hollywood, FL. That's fucky.
When that day comes, don't go back and read tweets from NXT wrestlers. It won't help the tears stay back.
Happy trails to you...
I'm not disagreeing (I mean I still don't like him), but after him having the briefcase for roughly 40 hours, how has him having it changed your initial opinion from the time he won it? all he's done is scrap with Orton a bit.
Mine hates Seth Rollins, the Bellas, pretty much any heel. Such a fucking mark that one.
Lemme just grab this quick pop right chyea
Maffew would probably love it. That episode would take little to no work on his part.
I'll take Overs for $1000 Alex
I admire any non wrestler who takes a bump like that. I'm going to sound nit-picky here, but two things: 1 it looked like he freaked out and got squirmy. Made me a little nervous for the guy 2 Am I mistaken or did HE WALK OUT OF THE FUCKING ARENA?! I hope I saw that wrong, because that right there makes no god damn sense.
They don't have a sponsorship deal with Samsung. Maybe hold up a Diet Mountain Dew with the picture on the label?
because /u/ybatman2k said so? That's a shitty bottom line
Thats what they do with the World Series, but to be fair, there are other countries represented, just not by a team.
Baby face and Torso face
WEEE-OOOO-WEEEE-OOOO-WEEEE
Because he's now holding a briefcase? I'm not here to just but I disagree. You however have found a way to enjoy Sheamus more than before Sunday. More power to you brotherjackdude.
Who was/were the first person(s) to win a championship at a WWF Pay Per View? Bonus Points for naming who lost the title(s)
Well done!
Ted Mosby was in the Suite Life of Zach and Cody?
Dat walk of shame tho!
Jerry Briscoe?
Can we cast Brock as Steve Urkel so Carl finally gets his come-uppance for being a dick to Steve all these years?
That's not a knife, ITS JUST A PICTURE OF A KNIFE!
I know the Shelton joke was the easy route, but you made the rest of these responses look like a bunch of jabronies well played
Your username after 16 German Suplexes
Face turn incoming, fella?
Despite all the passion he claims to have for the business, I really don't see him staying involved in wrestling. He's made enough movies at the point to know a little bit there. Once he hangs up the wrestling game, he can devote himself to becoming a better actor. I really see him following in the footsteps of the Rock. Seems to make the most sense.
Vitiligo=Michael Jackson disease. Glad you don't have that other disease that Michael had that apparently also afflicted Jerry Lawler.
In my experience a large portion of the community online follows the "if I couldn't smoke here I won't vape here". My dad does in bars and I yell at him even though he always asks if it is allowed inside. I hate it. I vape and I only do it inside if I'm at home or if I'm at my local dive bar where they have requested me to, in their words "just say inside and smoke that thing dummy. You don't have to go outside". The inside people that look like trailer trash often are.
&gt; he bullshits a lot I read this as buttshits a lot It's been a rough day
He's not exactly wrong. Torito will make a channel surfer stop and say WTF, but then if he does something athletic, they might stay.
My daddy Waaaahhh My daddy.
Same here I'm dumb
That coffee mug? I would imagine these were poured or casted in some way. Leading me to believe that they made a few (dozen/hundred/thousand) like this.
[I want you to have this. Could prove useful](http://i.imgur.com/ZqQcaVV.gif)
I bet you're fun at parties
Everyone who goes in there "did it for Damien. They did it all for him"?
ok good to know THANKS! :)
Ric Flair (the one who gets kicked) is an icon of wrestling, and was a hero/role model in the business to Shawn Michaels (the one doing the kicking). Flair wanted go out on his own terms and wanted Michaels to be the one to retire him if he could. Michaels was having an Old Yeller moment. He didn't want to put down his friend, but he knew he had to. As a wrestling fan, this is a gut-wrenchingly sad moment, but it was performed and scripted so well.
Thanks!
You win the thread today. Before his death, I had seen 2 of Dusty's matches, roughly 3 promos, and an interview. When I heard he had died, I got unexpectedly sad. I couldn't explain it. Reading tweets (especially from NXTers) made it worse. I missed the whole Renee Young bit you mentioned because Live Discussion Threads distract me from watching the show. I think the reason I got so sad (considering I barely knew anything of his work), was that I've never heard anyone say anything bad about Dusty. He was a huge part of the business both in and out of the ring. When people I care about (and since I'm talking about wrestlers, so "interested in" may be a better phrase) are sad or grieving a loss it makes me sad. That's the bottom line (for me anyways)
The let's go cena/cena sucks chants would be lower pitched male voices followed by shrieking children. That'd be hilarious.
I'm still lost. I was thinking mid 20s was old enough ogle. Her gimmick makes ogle-ing(sp?) her make me feel creepy though so I don't do it.
Gotcha thanks
A similar point but different to the other responses. The guys like Finn Hideo Zayn Owens etc. aren't developing their in ring skills per se in my opinion. They are developing their ability to work a WWE styled match, and to develop a gimmick for WWE. Just because someone is a seasoned veteran in the ring, doesn't mean they are ready to plug and play into WWE. I think that's the part that the aforementioned wrestlers (and those with similar experience) are developing.
Instead of attacking catering, maybe he could attack creative/booking so he doesn't become the next meal for the guy they want to push.
&gt;and took multiple finishers to put down. Agreed Wrestlemania 14 Taker gave him 3 tombstones and Kane got pinned but still kicked out after a 3.25 count, which still gives him some credibility as a monster.
I agree with you, but if you're going to ride someone's coat-tails, it may as well be the best ever's coat-tails.
X-pac or Go away hate/heat isn't good. If I hate a character in the correct way I should want to see him/her in the hopes of that person getting their ass kicked. So in summation.....no Sheamus.... I am not entertained.
I think he's pretty good oncommentary, but I hate his promos. It's weird how a simple change in audience can affect his performance. By that I mean in a promo he's speaking to everyone, but on commentary he's not being focused on by the in house crowd.
Did he rip off anything besides the name nature boy? I know nothing of buddy Rogers except that
Just a giant mattress/pad/airbag thingy
I just wish a guy as strong (or looks as strong) as Reigns does, could incorporate a fucking suplex or two into his arsenal. I get it, you can punch kick and spear. He does a Samoan drop, i suppose, but even that is lack luster IMO
This is the correct answer. With Seth vs. Dean they kept hyping that Ambrose "wanted revenge on his former Shield brethren". It didn't seem at all like it was about the title. Maybe to Seth it did a bit, but it was more about proving himself, than wanting more than anything to hold on to the belt. And Ambrose wanted his hands on Seth again. The title felt secondary to me.
Eric Stonestreet's theme?
Yum Yum eat em up eat em up eat em up
Like in stead of "One of a kind"?
This was my personal favorite. I didn't notice it the first time, but I double taked and was like "well played Mr. Punk"
I fart every where. I try to be discreet about it but I fart in way more places than I would vape
I also think them working the knee is cool. Because now J&amp;J/Kane don't have to interfere, even though I'm sure they will. But now, one quick shot to that knee and the playing field is more level for Seth during the match. Then there's a chance he can win. That's what you need. Seth doesn't need to win for this match to be good, we as fans just need to believe he has at least some chance to win.
Him and Rosa in a relationship talking about love/being in love. They were saying how their relationship is superior to whatever Dolph and Lana are. I didn't see the ESPN thing, but this stunk to high heaven. Probably because Rosa isn't very good.
I would argue that the latest incarnation of Goldust is better than any incarnation of Goldust. All the weight he lost really helped him go in the ring.
Undertaker's matches didn't really get to be too memorable until American Badass (which I hated that fucking gimmick) and after that. But of course this is a subjective matter and only my opinion.
Fuck it. Embrace the downvotes.
Which Shawn Michaels match are you referring to? Also I'm assuming you mean King of the Ring 1998. While that was an awesome match, Taker reportedly had a broken foot. I didn't find him overwhelmingly awesome in that match. Mankind was the show stealer that night. Taker did a good job of looking like an absolute remorseless killer, but as far as athleticism I thought it was pretty standard Taker. Nothing out of this world.
Yes yes yes.... I didn't state that but that's definitely what I meant. My favorite was his feud with Val Venus I think. The two characters were made to feud.
For a guy that we all say has a limited move set, the guy often jumps and lands on his ass (springboard stunner and that weird top rope fame-asser he does). According to wrestlers that's terrible for the spine to do night after night. You'd think if he only had 5 moves to preserve himself (which I'm sure is part of the reason), he wouldn't do those ass bumping spots.
Can we get a yelling fast talking Hogan to read some shit that NDT says on Cosmos or something. That sounds like it would be hilarious.
Hogan has to just turn into dust instead of a pile of bones. All that might remain is his leathery alligator hide skin.
Throw Away "Sell"? [X] Yes [ ] No
*Goodbye Horses*
"You're good enough, you're smart enough, and gosh darn it people like you"
"On a scale of 9-10 how much do black people like to dance"
He's French! Why else would he speak with that outrageous accent?
Sweet boys. whatcha gonna do? whatcha gonna when they come for you?
A paper cut on your urethra.
Where my title blunt?
Oh..... :(
This took me longer to understand than I'd like to admit, but damn well played.
This is definitely funnier. I always took it as like the physical weight just slows down things. In the way wearing ankle weights would make you move slower.
Can we get an edible arrangement sent in the shape of a cat?
&gt; "Where's my Title Shot?" "WHAHS MAH TITUHL SHOT" ftfy
I'll be sitting in a river, drinking a beer, and peeing on myself as I see fit. Ahhhh float trips.
If you have a dog waiting for you, have someone film the first time he/she sees you. They're always good for a few thousand youtube hits. Also have a safe flight and welcome home.
That's good that you're psyched. Glad rocky is getting his dad/mom (assuming you're male but didn't notice if it was clarified) back,however I don't think his reaction will be overwhelmingly intriguing. Lol. Congrats again
Ice version minus the puck handling surface https://youtu.be/H8A_-avtxDw
Triple twisted does mean 3 strands of wire.
Daniel Bryant. Sorry guys he just doesn't excite me.
I prefer that to the version outside the ring where his sits and spins back to the floor.
Some guys are good punchers. SCSA, Owens come to mind first. you're right though. most can't do it....looking at you Ambrose.
End of Days from Baron Corbin (aka Rock Bottoming myself)
Do you mean a Frog Splash? Eddie Guerrero and RVD's looked awesome.
I can't tell if you mean the figure 4 hurts or doesn't hurt. If you actually get put in it and actual pressure is applied it hurts. (at least from what I remember. It's probably been 20 years since me and my cousins did that shit to each other)
Ok just checking. I'm with you then.
You're a heavy sleeper of they can get that on you without waking you
Got anymore of these stories? that's funny as hell. Not for Batista, but maybe....just maybe she was the savior the IWC needed. Trying to answer the ultimate question...."How big is Batista's dick?"
I think what he meant was.... Vince/HHH/creative/whoever you want to blame, isn't going to move her away from the spotlight, so unfortunately we're stuck with either her improving, or stuck with shitty womens wrestling.
I'm not disagreeing with you here, but I'd prefer to watch Owens, Neville, Rollins, or Cesaro take a DDT. I'd also throw in Alicia Fox taking the Rampage (I think that's Paige's cradle ddt finisher thing). She just goes limp and looks dead. It's great.
"DO YOU THINK THEY'LL TAKE HIM TO A CHINESE DOCTOR JR? HA HA!"
What about when Kurt nearly broke Brock's neck on Brock's SSP. Wait....something's off there.
He always rotates slightly off center which A.) looks bad and 2.) is dangerous.
I think she was ok on that Edge spot, all things considered. Now had she gone about 3 inches further, she would have Joey Mercury-ed the back of her head on the corner of that ladder.
Didn't X-Pac tear his anus on a bronco buster once? That's close but not as bad as "torn urethra"
It's time once again for another bit of "Bossman Behaving Badly"
I think Lita was just up for anything. So impressive
I don't think it's an injury to be taken lightly due to (what I can only assume since I am not a doctor) a severe risk of infection. Though I don't think it was very life threatening for him
I think he was another great one. Anyone who can spike themselves (safely) is A-OK in my book.
Nice Shot!
Hopefully the /s was omitted. I have ShamWows and they are shit for cleaning up spills. However I do at times do some work with small wire and other various smaller screw and such. Doing the work on top of a shamwow is great for not losing small bits of metal.
Yeah but when you're 30 and you click a "milf" link, there's a chance you're older than the "milf" (I know milf only means that she has "supposedly" had a child, but we all know there is a connotation that milfs should be roughly mid 30s and older.
NO GRAY AREA! FOREVER!
look up "grannies" you might find some gray.
That's correct. Evidently noises and frequencies that are similar to dial up modem noises, are capable of telling another printer what was on the paper.
only pictures. They are terrifying. Seriously. Google it.
Based on this answer, you had to have been born between like 89 and 91 right? (old enough to know who Marge Simpson was, but not old enough to know she would have a terrible singing voice and also is not Celine Dion)
Or alternatively "Hey Mr. Peterson"
I'm not a big FPS player nor CoD fan, but Activision made CoD:MW1. It is by far the most fun I've ever had playing an FPS. I don't frequent gaming forums, but I've never heard a bad word about that game. Maybe that's why? I don't know. I'm not big into gaming news. I just play games I think I'll like.
They make a great hockey game every year. I also don't play it, but I rarely hear bad words about the playbility of the Madden franchise.
I have never owned Chucks due to me thinking they're ugly. Wore them once in a wedding as part of the groomsman attire. I thought they were uncomfortable (but also not very broken in). Why are they good for weightlifting? Is it similar to people using an exercise ball as a desk chair? The whole "using your own muscles to provide stability" concept? My cousin also only wears Chucks, and owns a power lifting gym. Can't remember if he wears them while lifting or not though.
20+ miles a week? Are you being chased? Do you need help? OP SAY SOMETHING!!!
I understand that things weren't talked about as openly as they are today, and I hope what I'm about to say doesn't come off as chauvinistic or sexist. In my mind, it just seems that homemaking as a skill/job would still be heavily instilled in women in these times. I would think that would include motherhood, which in turn would make me think the birthing process would be at least mentioned. As I said not trying to bash your aunt, it was just very surprising.
If this is a serious question, then I would say yes. As long as the conditions are right for the virus/bacteria to survive in, then I would think it would be possible. I'm not sure what temperature these various diseases survive in, but I would think once the body goes cold (and is obviously no longer fuckable at this point IMO) that the diseases would die off shortly after. I however am no biologist.
You can have fun without being a stupid fuckhead.
Unpredictable? The most surprising thing about his comment from you is that ATM it has less than 1K karma.
Arin Hanson?
I am that guy, it's just not known to my circle of friends.
This is the best and the worst all at the same time.
I didn't think I could see another variation on rekt. It didn't make me laugh as much as the first time I saw... oh say... Tyrannosaurus Rekt, but god damn I will give you props for creativity.
I own all three (found a cheap box set), but still haven't found time to watch them. Since I already own it should I really not watch 3?
I'm going to agree with most of the others that have replied. I prefer Hot Fuzz, but that may be due to the fact that I like zombies as a premise, but I don't really love them. Hot Fuzz however is fucking stupendous
I don't know how you plan on "I've"-ing me but it sounds painful.
I guess I was kind of asking.... "does watching 3 put a damper on your feelings of the first two
God damn that was a weird playthrough
This is definitely the weirdest one in the entire fucking thread.
If you're the male in this situation and have ever tried to jerk it in the shower, you'd know water makes a horrible lubricant. I'm also guessing it would also assist in the dissipation/washing away of any natural lubricants. I've fucked in a pool. It was good. Not great though. Also had to stop due to her being in some pain.
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of? Not sure but it's close. ~~Alicia Keys~~ Jay-Z- Empire State of Mind.
Just change the whole lyrics to "Who's been stepping on your feet?"
TAKE A BATH! and wash ya'self!
Is this to replace "Sing us a song you're the piano man"?
It's jizz guys! /u/Diabols is talking about jizz.
I would imagine the chemicals of pool/jacuzzi water getting thrusted into a vagina could really fuck up the pH balance.
Are you Arin Hanson?
If you wanna take the girl, and blast her face.... Take a tug on yourself and make that paste.
It's the.... RYE or THE KAISER. -Weird Al
CHEERS FRIEND! Wait....are you a bear? I can't be friends with no bear.
Uhhh I don't have one, so I don't know why that would help. But that's why god gave us conditioner. It's not for soft hair bruh
You're right my bad
Hair conditioner works great and it's there in the shower already so discretion is built in.
I don't take baths I shower. I also don't stand in the flow of the water. I turn my back. Then turn back towards the drain to finish. This is also too much detail for the Internet.
I'm sorry you got swindled. I was asking him/her about this. Glad it didn't happen to me. Good luck to you. Hope all works out well.
I have no idea the science behind it. I just don't think it's AS slippery as vaginal moisture or lubes. Even when it rains and roads are slippery, a lot of the time that's due to the rain water mixing with oils and greases on the road already to make a slippery mixture.
Being forced to watch the bit of the Jackass movie where they paper cut the skin between their toes and fingers.
92 goals that season in 80 games. Pretty good. I guess he sat two games out that year [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_NHL_players_with_50-goal_seasons) He also scored 87 goals in 74 games played
Ratings have been sub par the second half of 2015, but January to April is the Road to Wrestlemania, so you typically have some decent stories and higher levels of viewers.
I don't personally use it, but as a way to describe blindly believeing/buying into something, it's not inaccurate. Sometimes misused to mean that someone just likes something.
I am a white guy with only two black friends. A few more black acquaintances/co-workers. I've said it along with a song in front of my black friends, but they knew I had a few beers and just laughed at me. As far as using it casually, it seems like it may have been to help take some of the power away from the word. However now with the "only black people should be allowed to say that word" mentality (which I agree with), it seems like it has somehow made the word more powerful. Not necessarily as a slur, but as a way to make ignorant assholes stand out more.
It's more obvious as a loss if you have the 1b and then have to go purchase the tickets. Could've just taken then money and ran. But with one billion tickets and the odds of hitting the jack pot at 1:292million+, it's likely you'll hit the jackpot plus other combinations that pay out handsomely. Still I doubt you'd make that money back up seeing as the jackpot is usually split when it's as large as it was this week. Last I heard there was 3 jackpot winners (I think) with a 1.5b jackpot. That's 500mil per winner. You're only half the way there. If you can ignore the fact that you had a one billion dollars which you used to buy tickets, then yes it's all profit.
Yep then hooked back up with Messier in NY though both were past their prime.
care to explain the last sentence?
The article I read didn't make this "experiment" sound very scientific, but Airplane! tested at highest laughs per minute. I'll link the article, which I read a few years ago. I don't recall it being a huge sample size, but it's at least worth noting, I suppose. Either way Airplane! is hilarious. [Article](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/film/9525372/Airplane-funniest-film-ever-research-finds.html)
posted this to a replay figured I'd post it here too: The article I read didn't make this "experiment" sound very scientific, but Airplane! tested at highest laughs per minute. I'll link the article, which I read a few years ago. I don't recall it being a huge sample size, but it's at least worth noting, I suppose. Either way Airplane! is hilarious. [Article](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/film/9525372/Airplane-funniest-film-ever-research-finds.html)
Not to be a one upper, but yesterday, my girlfriend and I came home. We were both exhausted. I needed to shower, and she was napping by the time I was done. I snore, so as to not wake her, I slept in another room. I had asked her to wake me up in the morning for work when the dogs woke her (they always wake her around 5 am for feeding and pooping but don't wake me because they know I'll sleep through it). Anyways, she wakes me and says "I thought you'd be mad if you slept any longer, so go on and get up". I was not happy about it, until I realized it was 6pm. It was unreal how happy I was knowing how I had time to be awake, eat some dinner, watch TV, and then go back to sleep before having to wake up for work this morning.
Not to be a one upper, but yesterday, my girlfriend and I came home. We were both exhausted. I needed to shower, and she was napping by the time I was done. I snore, so as to not wake her, I slept in another room. I had asked her to wake me up in the morning for work when the dogs woke her (they always wake her around 5 am for feeding and pooping but don't wake me because they know I'll sleep through it). Anyways, she wakes me and says "I thought you'd be mad if you slept any longer, so go on and get up". I was not happy about it, until I realized it was 6pm. It was unreal how happy I was knowing how I had time to be awake, eat some dinner, watch TV, and then go back to sleep before having to wake up for work this morning.
I love this game, though when I am the guesser (or whatever you call the person with the phone on their head) I tend to focus on the one person in the group who I know will give the best clues to the category. After about 2 or 3 words are guessed, everyone knows I'm not listening to them and it's a 1 on 1 strategy.
They make silver tequila, that is clear or if the silver tequila you buy isn't really really clear, you could put a sheet over the shots, but that could lead to spilling.
From Illinois, can play Euchre. Though it's surprising/disappointing how many people I know that don't know euchre.
Holy shit, I watched this on Game Grumps (a let's play channel on youtube for the unfamiliar). They played it with an oculus rift, and a controller (steam controller I guess?). They had two people working the manuals (which seemed like enough for the basic levels, but maybe not enough for the advanced levels). It seemed like the most fucking fun I've ever seen.
I think that would also depend on how much space you have. If I was a manual reader, I would want them spaced out, so I wouldn't be flipping through pages.
I know it's great, I just wish more of my friends knew how to play. I'm not a very patient teacher, and if you don't have people that want to learn, it's a tough game to teach. Once you have them hooked though, it's great.
Except it was Seal on the SJ soundtrack. :(
As a hockey fan, I think the rule is necessary. However, as a hockey and (American) football fan who later grew to understand soccer and watch a bit of it, I found where I think the problem lies. The problem is that if you're like me (raised watching football and hockey), offsides is determined by a definitive line. The space you occupy doesn't change its offside-edness(?) based on anything. Obviously the line of offsides in soccer moves with the deepest defender. Also I feel like it's hard for the linesman (I believe that's who calls offsides in soccer, forgive me if I'm wrong) to determine offsides, because he has to almost look in two places at once. To see when the ball is being played and to see whether or not the offensive player is deeper than the deepest defender. It's obviously not a subjective call, but I imagine it could be quite difficult. Take hockey, as long as the puck crosses your opponent's blue line before any of your players has both skates over the same blue line, all is good. It's mostly (un)familiarity that breeds this argument IMO. Neither side is right, it just varies in difficulty to understand, based on what you were brought up with.
I only really watch World Cup soccer, but yes it's rarely wrong. Major League baseball recently implemented replay challenges, and while the umpires aren't always correct, the speed of play is so high, and the umpires are pretty great considering they're only human.
From the sidebar &gt; We have spoiler tags, please use them! /spoiler, #spoiler, /s, #s. Use it [like this](/spoiler)
A fun drinking game would be to scroll through this and every time you see "to be fair" you drink. I don't disagree with most of the "to be fair"s but it would be a fun drinking game.
It's better than most of us could do. I don't know you personally, but odds are you don't speak Dutch as well as him/her.
Damn, and all that time I wasted quitting smoking. Tobacco was good for me this whole time.
There are "General Studies" degrees. Or at least there used to be. I've been out of college for awhile. Undeclared, definitely not the same. Maybe that TV show fucked up her mindset.
I realize that, but it's not that hard to do. I know people who haven't seen it yet, because they have things to do. Kids and life get in the way, and just because you haven't seen it yet doesn't mean you don't want to. I didn't get to see it until Jan 4th because I promised my buddy in the Navy I'd wait until he was on leave to see it with him. It'd be one thing if someone found a TFA spoiler in a movie or starwars related sub, but if I read one in a thread like this one, I'd be pissed. I didn't mean to sound petty or bitchy, but I was in that boat a couple of weeks ago, and was on pins and needles every time I got online. It's nerve-racking. Yes you're right though, it wasn't a great comment.
Well English is notoriously one of the hardest languages to learn. So like someone else said, give him a break.
I'm an Illinois resident (which is in the center of the USA if you're not familiar), and we have many beaches, but they're mostly lakeside and riverside. That would make the question much more valid.
Right on. Yeah not too many ocean-side beaches in Iowa :)
Oh I totally agree. I guess my mindset is, as a thank you to those who didn't spoil anything, I am trying to protect those that haven't seen it. Sort of a pay it forward. I try not to spoil any movie, and always ask "Have you seen it?" or "Do you think you'll see it?" or "Do you want to know what happens?" before I talk about any movie though really. As a pro-wrestling fan, I run into spoilers a lot (but sort of my fault for going to wrestling oriented sites), and I hate it, but I don't get as mad as I used to. Does everyone know who Luke Skywalker's father is? Almost everyone. Am I going to be the one who possibly spoils that for someone? no fucking way.
[This one](http://imdb.com/rg/an_share/title/title/tt0273028/)
I am the same age as Super Mario Bros
300 portrayed them throwing them off a cliff/into a pit.... I believe. (Note: I don't think 300 was 100% accurate)
&gt;That’s James Lucas, a convicted bank robber who took queuing almost as seriously as he took having dreamy eyes. When Lucas saw Capone trying to cut in front of the two dozen or so men patiently waiting their turn, he strode up to Capone, grabbed him by the throat and told him to cut it out. When Capone responded with the obligatory “do you know who I am?“, Lucas, without missing a beat responded with, &gt;“I know who you are, greaseball. And if you don’t get back to the end of that fucking line, I’m gonna know who you were.” &gt;When Capone tried to regain his composure and perhaps assert his dominance in the prison, Lucas’ response was to stab Capone in the back and face with a broken pair of scissors, an action that wiped 3600 days of good behaviour off of his sentence, James Lucas was hardcore [Source](http://www.factfiend.com/al-capone-stabbed-prison-haircut/)
&gt;That’s James Lucas, a convicted bank robber who took queuing almost as seriously as he took having dreamy eyes. When Lucas saw Capone trying to cut in front of the two dozen or so men patiently waiting their turn, he strode up to Capone, grabbed him by the throat and told him to cut it out. When Capone responded with the obligatory “do you know who I am?“, Lucas, without missing a beat responded with, &gt;“I know who you are, greaseball. And if you don’t get back to the end of that fucking line, I’m gonna know who you were.” &gt;When Capone tried to regain his composure and perhaps assert his dominance in the prison, Lucas’ response was to stab Capone in the back and face with a broken pair of scissors, an action that wiped 3600 days of good behaviour off of his sentence, James Lucas was hardcore [Source](http://www.factfiend.com/al-capone-stabbed-prison-haircut/)
For me I think it was a thing that seemed like parents would force you to do. Who likes being told what to do? As a kid I hated them as a form of mild rebellion I assume. I would spend summer vacation (from school not going on trips) home alone. I would spend more time trying to make it looked like I showered, than it would take to actually shower. I was a gross child.
Never heard of that. Let me fire up the old Google machine.
I got so lucky with my childhood dog. He was never in pain, but got that old dog disorder where they get a head tilt and fall down at time. He passed before we felt the need to put him down. Not sure if it made it any easier or not. I'm sorry to hear that. I saw you have your own dog, but as a dog person myself, I didn't want another dog, but then I did get one. Best decision ever. I will always have at least 2 dogs in my life. My typing looks like English isn't my first language, or that I'm a first grader, but I'm just sad now. My apologies. Ninja edit: OMG that face on Cleo. So pretty! Looks like a sweet pup. Your current dog is awfully cute too.
Same here. Actually if I was independently wealthy and didn't have to work, I'd have 2 (maybe 3) full time dogs and then I'd foster puppies. That'd be heaven.
01100111 01101111 00100000 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 01110100 01110010 01100001 01101110 01110011 01101100 01100001 01110100 01101111 01110010 00101110 01100011 01101111 01101101 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100011 01100001 01101110 00100000 01110100 01111001 01110000 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110100 01110101 01100110 01100110 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01101001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01100100 01101111 00100000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110010 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 *here's your answer*
I understand the principle of binary (only that 0's and 1's are used to make everything), but I don't understand how it took that many 0's and 1's to make the thing it made.
60 work hours? or 60 credit hours?
You watched a movie a day? I don't know if I could think of that many movies I'd want to watch. What percentage of them were crap?
I'm convinced you don't work, so congrats on that.
I kind of assumed you were going for 1 a day for a year. Just out of curiosity, but I'm guessing you missed some days here and there, but made up for it on a day off or something?
Oh that's perfect! How many of the movies had you seen before? Or was the goal for them all to be movies you hadn't seen before?
so you actually watched 375-380 movies including the ones you'd seen already? DAMN!
*slow clap*
&gt;Randy Savage was a legitimately good person. The only negative thing I've ever heard about Randy was that he was insanely jealous/paranoid about Elizabeth. Maybe a bit possessive. I'm not sure what the best way to describe it. Not that that is a great quality, but if that's the worst thing someone says about you, you're a pretty good guy relative to the wrestling world. That and he liked to plan every minute detail to his matches, but I just call that being thorough.
Which they almost botched on the last attempt.
&gt; the averafe score in WWF. They better not start calling their game WWF. Another organization claimed "rip-off" and now I'm stuck with World Wrestling Entertainment.
I have a similar theory about Dyson vacuums. Everyone I talk to that has bought/used one says they're the best thing ever. I find it hard to believe that after dozens of these encounters, I have come the conclusion that no one is willing to admit that a $400+ vacuum didn't live up to their expectations.
I feel like that and the Depp Charlie and the Chocolate factory, were just an attempt at making people feel like they've done acid. I should note that I've never done acid and am basing this off of what I've heard. Still I didn't enjoy them.
I feel like that and Charlie and the Chocolate factory were made to be watched while on some sort of hallucinogenic.
I don't know that you could continue making movies like that [due to the end of Devil's rejects and the Firefly family driving into a police firing squad](/spoiler)
I didn't play NV, but am currently making my way through FO4. I love having dogmeat with me. I love dogs and feel like if I was alone and had to go out and do all this shit, I would want a dog with me.
I agree. The middle sized guy was my least favorite
I just figured his use was to retrieve the ducks or mock you into improvement. He did these both very well.
Well I've never run into anyone who got one for free. Interesting perspective. I'm still suspicious though.
Jack
Just like Lemmiwinks
I just received a ~10% raise to my hourly wage. My direct supervisor campaigned for it on my behalf. I just thought I was doing my job (not overly going above and beyond). going from 14.28 to 15.71 an hour almost made me cry.
That was nice of them say it in English for you!
My mom makes an icing that is somewhere between buttercream and whipped. Made with powdered sugar, condensed milk, Crisco, and some other shit (it's not a secret I just dont know), and it's fucking awesome. Not overly sweet. Not overly airy (my only complaint with whipped icing, feels like I'm eating nothing). Somewhere in the middle. She covers a store bought cake-mix cake in that shit and people rant and rave about it.
How is it pronounced?
Is it Shool-kil?
I thought bubbler was a Minnesota thing.
I think you mean "I'm Reddit famouus, look!"
I hold mine between my index finger and middle finger, with fingertips pointed down and to the left (because it's my right hand). Similar to a cigarette.
So after you knew the answer you then thought you were supposed to tell the joke as "what's black and white and read (pronounced reed) all over?"
puns are sometimes "cute". I think they were aiming for more of a cute feeling than a romantic feeling. Women like cute things. Women also like sparklies.
I figured there was something like this in there, but I never really knew, and didn't bother to investigate. thanks
&gt;Also, did not know relish was made of pickles, not cabbage. There are some places that will make a "relish" out of some sort of cabbage, as a topping for a dish. I think I once saw something on some fish tacos referred to as a relish, but it was a shredded cabbage as the main ingredient. [Sort of like this](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/duff-goldman/sweet-hot-cabbage-relish-recipe.html)
I figured this would be hard to explain. Thanks! Makes a little more sense I googled "what colorblind people see" . Don't take this the wrong way but it made me a little sad but also grateful I can see the whole spectrum. I guess if you've been colorblind your whole life though, it may be a "don't know what you're missing" thing. Thanks for explaining things to me
I have seen this before on Reddit, but didn't you know it was pronounced "Diz-nee"? or no? or if you did, how to your thought process make Disnep sound like Diz-nee?
Well at least you're aware of it, for your wardrobe's sake if nothing else. :)
So you're Gloria from Modern Family?
I gotcha. I guess when you put it that way, I can accept that. Let's blame the word pneumonia. :)
Your friend is an ass. Sorry, but there is a lack of respect here. I vape and the only place I do it indoors, is at my house, the vape shop, and my one friends house who smokes inside said house. If you wouldn't smoke a cigarette there, then don't vape there. The shop I guess doesn't fall into this category, but when the employees are puffing away, it seems like an obvious exception.
People's cars and homes are their property, so normally I would disagree with you, but based on what you said, that sucks. I don't understand why you'd want to hotbox the vape while driving anyways. My personal device, provides a lot of vapor. If I do it in my car with all the windows up, I can't fucking see the road. Also the next time you're in his vehicle, check his windows/windshield. I bet they're dirty/foggy looking. That shit will show itself on glass. I frequently have to clean my windows even though there's usually one cracked while I vape. Also if he knows you're having trouble breathing, it's a bit inconsiderate as well. It's not like he's a stranger. He's your father, and should care if he's causing you discomfort. Barring you're not a whiny hypochondriac (definitely not saying you are, I just know some people who complain about insignificant BS), then it seems like a simple lack of manners. If I have friends over to my house, I still vape. They know I vape, they don't care, and I keep it out of their vicinity, and also turn on a fan to keep the air moving. I'm not going to change my behavior in my house. I already put on fucking pants so your dumbass could come over. STOP TRYING TO CHANGE ME! Edit: after typing this and re-reading it, I hate using "vape" as a verb. Douchebags have made it feel douche-y. "Oh you vape? You got sick clouds bro?"
I think that was just an unnecessary detail in the story. Try this on for size... "I saw this guy vaping in the middle of an aisle at Target once. It was amazing." Also it was only amazing if OP was amazed at how dickish this guy was. Source: I vape as politely as possible. If I can't be polite about it, I don't do it.
I have had it maybe 3 times in my life. I figured this was the solution. It didn't work for me. Obviously dealing with a small sample size here, but the pain was still real for about an hour afterwards.
Pneumonia and Pterodactyl are the only one's I can think of, so I wouldn't call it a habit. ^Don't ^worry. ^^I ^^won't ^^tell ^^anyone.
Just saw a youtube vid of what I believe you're talking about, and I have NEVER heard this chant in my life. Odd.
Also from IL. After watching a youtube vid of what OP was talking about, I have never heard this chant.
&gt;They're talking about a Greek food which looks a lot like a Donner Kebab. It looks more like a taco, you silly Brit. Everyone knows kebabs come on a stick. HEY GUYS LOOK AT THIS GUY! HE THINKS KEBABS CAN BE IN A PITA!
Yeah that's just a person speeding through the word. Kind of like saying ya'll instead of you all.
aww-ctagon is an option for you? Found the Bostonian.
Nice
I know it's accurate still hate it
Have this on my phone. Came through on the shuffle. It inspired this thread. :)
The wall posts I received in college show up on my "On this day" on Facebook. I definitely missed hints IN COLLEGE. I was too drunk to notice I guess. I don't know that I would've dated any of those girls but definitely missed out on some bootay. It pains me to see those.
&gt; left handed screwdriver The fuck is a left handed screwdriver?
Hold the oven door?
If you want legit Popeye it should be a pipe not a cigar.
I work 9 hour days with no every other off. I just get 2.5 hours of overtime everyweek. It's not so bad.
I thought this analogy was mind blowing for about 3 seconds until I realized I don't eat, scratch, open doors, write, etc with my asshole. It's not that big of a deal to wipe it clean until your next shower. Just do a good job and don't let anyone near your asshole until you shower.
I think the sexualization of transgendered (I think that's the right term) is even worse. I know in my area (near St. Louis, MO) it's more acceptable to be homosexual, but as a man if I brought home a woman who had only male genitalia, people would be looking at me weird. However, there is plenty of pornography out there. I myself am guilty of it, I watch trans porn ocassionally, and maybe could go through with a one nighter if a lady sprung it on me (no pun intended) that she had a penis, but I highly doubt that I would be able to date someone like that. I suppose that makes me hypocritical, so sorry internet. Just being honest.
I could be wrong here, but I'd say it's because the female form is "prettier". Generally there is less visible hair. Sure certain areas here can vary (pubic, armpit, facial) but you rarely see women with thick dark hair on their backs or chests. Hair has seemed to gain a negative stigma (more women are hairless save for their heads, and manscaping is more popular than ever). I also am just guessing about all this. My only evidence is anecdotal. Most of the women I know would rather watch lesbian porn than two men going at it. I don't know if it's honestly how they feel, if they want to fit in, or if they think guys will think they're "cooler", that's just been my experience.
BECAUSE IT'S DIRTY VAGINAS OR GTFO IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD!
or just decapitate everyone before closing the coffins, you know in a respectful way.
30 minutes everyday is removed (2.5 hours per week) for unpaid lunch breaks. Also my OT is 1.5
I don't care one way or the other about sock and sandals, but is your username a Friends reference?
I do. I just get 30 mins a day deducted from my check every day for unpaid lunch break. I don't have to clock in or out for it though, so sometimes (read:most of the time) it runs longer than that.
&gt; facebook groups which post mugshots of people immediately after their arrests. Because a surprising amount of people don't know the difference between jail and prison, and arrests and convictions. More the former than the latter. I just a few years ago learned the difference and I'm 31. I used the terms jail and prison interchangeably. No these groups shouldn't be allowed to do that, but others should know a mug shot doesn't mean a ton.
No I have no problem with one nighters regardless of identidy as long as you make that clear and don't lead the other person on. I don't feel ashamed about my preferences, just being honest that I don't think I could date a trans person.
I've had it run down for me before, but it was confusing as I don't have much exposure to the community first hand. I just try to be polite, and assume I'm going to offend a few despite my best efforts not to.
yeah the little doses part makes sense, because that's not the type of porn I like exclusively . I like a bunch of different stuff. just depends on what mood strikes me.
Truth. I would be interested in someone opening a door with their ass. Or holding a fork, but only if they then attempt to eat from said fork while holding it in their cheeks.
Thanks Internet friend
Yeah I have never seen one either, but I hear there is a pretty famous one in England.
You did it!
Hexanol.
Are you sure it's not Fritos? Every dog I've owned has Frito paws.
You're lucky. My Lab's ears smell like something nasty that I can't identify. Yes we've been to the vet for this and for routine check ups. His ears always get a clean bill of health.
My fiancee and I are both dog lovers to the extreme. Our dogs are our babies (no fucks if you think we're weird). I love puppy breath but she doesn't like it. I don't get it. It's not a smell you want in an air freshener, but it's so good.
Not with all that fire. It was probably pretty bright.
Original home of Stag Beer
The mom from The Goldbergs is similarly manipulative, but at the end of most episodes, she realizes the error of her ways for a nice heart-warming moment. However, in almost every next episode, she's back to doing something similar. I like the show, but this is a repetitive trope.
Well shot. I bet that felt great
The entirety of the HH Holmes series. Also the deeper in the funnier it gets Source: I'M MINNIE!
Buddy Ebsen, of the Beverly Hillbillies. Lea DeLaria of Orange is the New Black (Big Boo). Jaimee Foxworth, who is the little sister on Family Matters that later did porn ([According to this page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:People_from_Belleville,_Illinois)) . Putting Belleville, IL on the map. That or the priest at my school who got caught engaging in sexual activity at the Jefferson Barracks Rest stop. Or the cross dressing man who just got arrested for slashing tires. I'll let you decide.
I know reddit lacks tone, but you seem to say this like it's a bad thing
As a Cardinals fan, fuck off (because I gotta). The Cubs are fucking scary this year and I hope they get exhausted come October, from all the winning. I'm glad to see the bandwagonning at a minimum (at least in my day to day). &gt;You know who's a REAL fucking fan - die hard Cubs fans. This means you were pissed as fuck in 2005 and 2006 yes? If not you should've been lol. Congrats on the success and fuck off. Glad for the die hards they have a good squad for once. But seriously fuck off.
My main exposure to minions is them slapped on shit that has nothing to do with their movies.
Cards fan here. I imagine as good as it was for us, it was equally bad for you. I was concerned that Texas was going to become the early 90s Buffalo Bills. No one deserves that.
2005 was way more telling about people's fandom. Of course they're going to be mad if the Cardinals win the whole thing. However, I was attending Illinois State at the time, and I saw so many "Cubs fans" get excited about the Sox winning. That ain't right.
What's really impressive, is the roster the Cubs have put together, and they're not too far ahead of the Cards in payroll. I guess some guys like Bryant and Arrieta haven't got their big time contracts yet. That could hurt if you'd have to lose them, but the Cubs have the money if they want to spend it. Could help to build a nice long stretch of winning ball for you guys. That being said, please shove a red hot poker up your ass.
&gt;That was the ~~Jim~~ Gin Blossoms with Hey Jealousy FTFY
There was a lot of jocular humor in that series
TIL me and my fiancee are DILDOs
Ah yes. The Thursday of March Madness aka National Vasectomy Day
Ruv it* FTFY
I'm an only, and whilst I still game a decent amount, my best gaming times were local and online multiplayer with my buddies. Did I play and like fallout 4? The god of war series? Assassin's creed 1 and 2? Sure they were good. But for me COD mw1 until 3 or 4 am online was infinitely better.
As a Catholic who has had it all but beaten out of him, I'm with you. I'm a science guy through and through. Non-practicing guy, whose religion is now boiled down to 1 commandment "don't be a dick". However I am (for some inexplicable reason, probably some residual Catholic guilt) terrified of no afterlife. I know there's no logical reason to believe in an afterlife, and it's probably semi-conceited to be scared of my consciousness not existing. It's something I can't shake. I want there to be a place where I go after I die where I can see my friends and family and my past dogs. I don't need a hell. If the truly evil people of the world are in an afterlife, hopefully they're just transformed into good people, so their families can be happy. I know I went a little off the rails at the end there, and there's no logical reason to think any of that is going to happen. That's just where my beliefs are sitting at this time in my life. Also, thanks for not shitting on believers. More often than not, they're good people at their cores.
Milfs are totally a thing. it's just anyone aged like 24-40. 40-50=cougars and 50+ seems to be gilfs/granny porn.
Nah we turned it off to preserve an element of surprise
Was hoping to see Bryz in the comments
[In case you were unaware of his Bryz-ness](http://reddit.com/r/RocketLeague/comments/4ncux3/i_see_your_0_second_dribble_and_counter_with_my_0/d42u943)
&gt; I feel like not enough people talk about "Four Brothers" I don't know ask the Dickologist in the shower.
Saving this for /r/popping too many portrait vids
This mother fucker right here is a diabolical genius
God. Fucking. Damn it.
I was confused for a second what /r/exjw was. I thought you misspelled jew but also repeated /r/exjew for some reason. I'm not a smart man.
Always had a milf thing. Enjoy it while it lasts, because at 31 I see a lot of "milfs" that are younger than me. You'll soon be moving to cougar/gilf (the words that find what I'm looking for) to satisfy your kink, if it's the older woman thing you're into.
well as far as my porn tastes go, they're a wide range. I do enjoy women my age, but I ***really*** enjoy older women in a motherly role. Definitely not attracted to my own mother. I think everyone's porn tastes are a bit different from their IRL tastes, though I'm sure some are equal.
a few years back I got with this ~47-48 year old woman. Kinda chubby, extremely busty, big blond hair, kinda trashy, wanna be cougar (I say "wanna be cougar" because in my head cougar implies hot, and she was not hot). It was awesome. though I wonder what it says about me that this woman who was a little trashy, but not a drug addict or alcoholic, did it for me. Maybe I should re-evaluate myself. Meh fuck it. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Shout out to /r/trashyboners
lets hope not! :D
THANKS FOR ACKNOWLEDGING MY FUCKING GRATITUDE YOU PUSSY ASS MOTHER FUCKER!
http://www.doesthedogdie.com
paging /u/crucifixions
I could be mistaken, or just pulling a bad example, but I think in Illinois it's 15 feet from the door of the building.
how many times does your dog shit per outting?
Excuse me Egon? You said crossing the streams was bad!
neighbor weird
Punk goes Crunk is my shit. Still Fly, by The Devil Wears Prada is one of if not my favorite cover of all time.
Ah the pancake drawer
Cigar-chewing, man-fighting, Johnny Mae Young! She'd whoop the dog shit out of /u/EyeSightToBlind ..... you know if she was alive.
two quick things. 1. GILF is acceptable and easier to say than GMILF go check out /r/gilf 2. It's Mae Young not Maggie Mae. 3. I want to know who actually fathered that hand, because the hand was straight up white. Mark should be asking questions.
It's a shamful thing.
Huh, I can whistle on my own, but I tried this and after a bit of adjustment, and speeding up my pace it worked for me.
If you're dead set on it, look up a youtube video and just keep practicing. follow the instructions, but modify them a bit. Keep toying around with it until you get a noise you're looking for. my biggest tip for those wanting to learn to whistle, is to practice while seated. All that exhaling will make you light headed, and being seated is helpful if that happens.
Aww you're no fun.
As a guy who is highly entertained by /r/trashyboners I'm going to respectfully disagree. Sure it looks skanky, but I feel you think that is a bad thing.
My dad has had botox. You can't tell. It was to fix some sort of weird eye twitch thing he had going on.
Yeah you should
Is that Henry Zebrowski wearing the rift
In the horror podcast genre he certainly is. Also great on roundtable of gentlemen
That's disappointing
31 checking in.
Thank you kind stranger. I believe you're correct. After reading your comment those words are clear as day, though horribly executed
Go to work. Pay bills. Love my dogs. Pretty content here
St. Louis, MO here. I'm with you. I've had some gaps that are a little bit wider than I'd prefer, but even those were 1/2 in at best
You are correct. In my time as an Anthro major, I learned that due to the position of the larynx, we can make many more sounds leading to elaborate speech, however we also are much more susceptible to choking. Many animals can breathe and drink water at the same time, not us.
Zubaz pants. Despite the comfort they will always suck.
&gt;What pisses you off about your country? This was OPs question &gt;It stopped growing cunts a long time ago Where would you grow cunts? On a cunt tree. Cunt tree sounds like country.
Damn, I ain't hurd Yousta could inna hot minnit
I took the bait when reading everyone talking about DE safety razors, so I got all the supplies. It's definitely not quicker than a 3-4 blade razors (Mach 20s or whatever your big name players are). Also at first I was cutting myself much more. Nothing catastrophic, but slightly annoying. That was my fault though. Now that I've got the hang of it, I'd say my DESR was definitely worth the cost, as I'm set on blades for the foreseeable future. I also now plan out time to shave (because I have to) which makes the process more enjoyable. 9/10 would buy again.
Including with what /u/aidyfarman said, I believe(it's been awhle since I've heard it) it's partially over shadowed by a slow build to the "HEEEYYYY YAAAA" part, and also it is at a volume and type sound is different. It's almost like he's at a live show and pulls away from the mic to talk to the first three rows so you barely catch it.
Get a smoking skull belt, that way you're legally within your rights to kick them in the gut and hit them with a stunner. Then drink 2-8 beers over their unconscious body, because they are SORRY PIECES OF TRASH!
Redesign. Rebuild. Reclaim.
TL:DP (too long didn't play) on Splinter Cell is stay stealthy, kill, only using gun as last resort.
You made a good choice last time. Just keep counting the number of tiles in the ceiling.
#YUP!
you sure it wasn't 11 nine year olds?
Come on over to /r/saggy where we appreciate any amount of the effect gravity has on your bosoms
That's what I thought. Thank you very much!
Cool thank you
I'm not a big Angelina fan, but I'd allow it just to get at Noelle. Fuck Frank the Clown.
That's hawt. The size difference alone between the two is staggering.
Rob Gronkowski
Austin would just stomp a mudhole in you and it'd just be regular sex between him and Hermoine.
You think you can handle the people's dick? ^^^pun ^^^intended
I mean I'm a straight guy, and I'll admit this is quite the attractive pair. However fuck Joe Mang, for bagging Sofia.
I like this one best.
El Pollo Loco
It's ok /u/bigtom726 everyone has some performance anxiety at times. You'll get through it.
Kunis and Louis (pronounced Lou-eee) do not rhyme. Try again. (I'm assuming you mean Julia Louis Dreyfuss from Seinfeld fame. If there is a Julia Louis then my mistake. However there is a Juliette Lewis, of Old School, NBK, The Other Sister, and that sort of rhymes with Kunis. She's not too bad looking either)
Rob Gronkowski?
Oh like when somebody smokes too many cigarettes? Or when somebody eats too much chocolate cake? Or when somebody eats too much chocolate cake and the throws it back up?
Sofia (Vegara) Manganiello and Camila Cabello? Works for me. I don't care if sofia took his last name or not.
Minecraft. I know I'm late to the party, but I finally bought it for my ps4 to see what the hype was about. I get it. I'm a 31 year old man who feels like he's back playing with Legos, that exist outside the laws of physics, but I have to gather said Legos first. It's so great. I have been hooked on either playing the game, watching tutorials, browsing /r/minecraft, or talking to my buddy about what we're going to build next.
That's only 2 hours and 38 minutes a day. Sure that's a lot, but I wouldn't say you're dangerously obcessed. Good on you.
I really want to get into it, but I'd want to play with my friends. None of them seem to show any interest.
as /u/Stunning_Riposte said, it's a lot of work. As someone who is not in great shape, I watch Ultimate and love it. I've played it before and had a blast, but my stamina is shit. I would love to play it for exercise, but I don't have a group to play with. Such is life.
[Alex Gologoski](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Goligoski) ?
Depending on the type of bean, that's more of a Mexican food thing. I enjoy corn in my Mexican food. Pair it with pintos or black beans and some tomatoes, and you're set.
WHAT?!
another question for you. Since you said I was the host console/computer, if I exit the map before he does, I'm assuming it will boot him off? Just asking in case we're playing and I want to stop before he does.
That's the problem. You probably have all kinds of space to play in but no one to play with. The places with people to play with probably have limited space to play in.
WHAT?! ^^^^yes ^^^^I ^^^^am
right on. Thanks again.
