See you l8er boy
Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
20 male California
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
MVP, Shelton and Kofi have incredible workrates. Ahmed, Lashley and Ezekiel all had relatively comparable traits based on skill and look with Reigns
Thanks el Jefe
Sunny re debut eminent
Whoa, Abyss, Ron Killings, Typical Florida man, Crazzy Steve and Dustin Rhodes it's like I'm back in TNA all over again
If Mr. Stine isn't his surprise guest on his Coachella set this year, I'll be disappointed
Yeah the writers for that episode were really bad.
I really like Smith, and I feel like it would be a fantastic feel good story for him to turn our defense around. I'm a USC fan so I traditionally dislike ND players but Jaylon is special. As for Ragland, it might be a little early but I feel like he might still be around in the 2nd come Spring time because of his lack of speed will be on display during the combine. Cravens is a bias pick, but he is one hell of a player and I think he'd actually be better at safety
Honestly at my high school, the ones with the highest grades tended to get 1900~ish scores. The issue was most didn't actually study how the test worked but instead focused on knowing the correct answers. The test is very forumalitic, I was a pretty bad student who received a 2400 because I memorized how the types of questions asked, their probability of showing up on the test and figuring out the best way to quickly answer the question without making a careless mistake. For writing, I found that Forrest Gump, the Giver and the Truman Show examples you could use on your essay for almost any prompt because they had so many diverse themes and could be seen through almost any lense
I had the unfortunate distraction of baby sitting a child last night while watching the show. Anyone knows what Cooper didn't want Aram to tell anyone else?
Honestly I think it comes down to value. If we trade him after this season he becomes an expiring contract, thus a lot less valuable on the block. We probably already have to give him away at discount, but we can at least pull something substantial. Or else it ends up being a Josh Smith situation. Had we traded Smoove around this time of his contract we could've fleeced someone big time
He's still a backup in Detroit. We can run our same system with Teague and Shroeder but run it more 50|50 rather than 70|30 that we have now. Jennings is an expiring contract so unless he becomes a major upgrade over teague, we probably will use that space on someone else
No u scare me
Funny how pre-recorded LU is yet they still found a way to be mainstream relevant with all the "Fuck Draymond" shit going on.
Chowdah and Crowdah?
I killed him for his officers outfit
Just give us Trey Burke we will become the Atlanta Wolverines
Oui noice
Big AL has declined a bit today but when he was younger he was one of the better centers in an albiet sparse Era for big men. I think Okafor is even more polished tho, if he can expand his range and get some good defenders and jump shooters around him he can be very, very good
It's okay to feel lost sometimes about these things, you're young, having your first taste of the strange world of romance. As a guy who has been on that side of the breakup, I can understand how he feels but as an adult with more experience today, I can see that guys like me who couldn't fathom how she could move on before I did. You did nothing wrong, he didn't either, but he just doesn't understand that at your young age, things change fast and all. There's nothing you can really do to fix it, other than letting him have some time to settle his heart down. I don't really suggest staying friends because he's basically remaining friends for a future chance of getting with you and when he enevitably attempts again to, he'll think you lead him on. Good luck with everything!!
It's okay! It's trial and error, I think at your age, who loves who is what matters, and I totally understand. I still sometimes feel glimpses of that myself, but honestly, focusing within your own personal boundaries is most important! Do a fun puzzle, drink some coffee, smile a bunch and just be as happy happy as you can! True love or whatever the closest thing to it, will find you if you love yourself!
I hate you. But they're pretty good.
No a doggo is a big pupper
I'm not sure about top picks yet, but none of them are busts so far. Jury is still out there whether or not Randle and Russell are better than those drafted before and after them but they've absolutely killed it with their recent second round picks. Both Nance and Clarkson are tremendous prospects as well.
Okafor and D'Angelo are both exciting prospects to be honest. I think both aren't complete products yet, unlike KAT, and that was their knock. Outside of a slight lack of athleticism, and by that, I mean mostly that he isn't Westbrook unholy athletic, Russell seemed like the more complete prospect, compared to Okafor, who seemed to be an offensive center that couldn't shoot free throws. Okafor has shown some really impressive polish for his post moves, and of course Booker and Krishaps have been incredible during their rookie years, but D'Angelo is still a solid pick.
Get the fuck out of our sub
I think the difference was how much people just didn't want Roman to win his first championship at WM 31. Whether it be Brock or Seth, people just didn't want Roman to win because of how unrealistic and forced it was for a guy who was messing up speeding train promos to the most legitimate draw that WWE has possibly ever had. The ending was so perfect because it kept all 3 strong and gave us the result we wanted that we didn't know we needed. 30 was basically not how much we didn't want Batista to be champ, albiet badly, but rather how much people wanted Daniel Bryan to finally climb on the top of the mountain. Cena, Orton and Batista, guys who normally get tons of respect, were rejected for Bryan, that's how strong the sentiment was for this to happen.
Exactly. The Hawks should know best, we got Shroeder from the Anthony Bennett draft
Probably in the mid 20s even though he's averaging 90 points a game and 30 rebounds as a point guard.
You better stop worrying about trolling on another teams sub and start worrying about PG playing in another Olympic game
My dad actually went to school with Shabazz's dad who played at USC. My dad still calls him a traitor for going across town. He also thinks Thon is 15
Here we goo
Wow. I like the trade for both teams, to be honest.
Why not both. Fingers crossed Beasley will be there at 21
Probably someone who we've never heard of.
Marquesse Chriss went to the Suns for less than the picks we had. Damn it!!
Thank God DeAndre isn't here or else those shit heads at ESPN would be playing 20 questions right now with his dead relative. Fuck ESPN
Sarcastic 22 year old DeMarre Carroll is the best Carroll
Didn't his mom forget that he played basketball?
Finally got a picked I'm really excited about and we gave it for cash.
Thanks, I'll take my golden hot pocket now.
Which one of the Cavs ~~trolls~~ guests that we hosted this postseason do you think is the guy who ate the poop at the championship parade yesterday?
Too soon *rips off Roman Reigns grown up sized onsie*
Jabari Parker tho
Bucky Barnes
Can't stump the hump!
He's ours now!!!! Pls Hawks FO
Is lie
IS LIE
During this down-time, I realized what real life was.
He lost a bet about the Cavs sweeping us until August. Half our sub admires his dedication the other wants to strangle him, and I have no idea which half I'm on.
IS LIE
The secret to being good at posting shit is to actually consume it. Good luck student
How about just making the Pelicans our developmental team?
Yup. Broadcast and shitposting go hand in hand!
Quality of qualitative posts &lt;3
We are on pace for 70 😂😂
Ronda Rousey put up a better fight 😂😂
This day keeps getting better. 2017 starting off strong af
Wait...there's still another half to go?
Dwight's significantly raised his trade value since the Celtics offered him. Realistically the Celtics wouldn't be able to take both Sap and Dwight without sending us back Horford's contract, which would be ironic to the least. But I don't think we want Horford if we rebuild. Realistically I only see us sending Dwight and Sap together to a buying team. Portland would be the probable one because of how much stronger their backcourt is. They would have to fork over McCullum but it would be the most beneficial mutual trade. Also they have a lot of large contract filler with Crabbe and and Turner. We'd probably ask for Plumlee and Von let. The Nuggets would probably be another decent target. Faried/one of their SFs as well as one of their big three prospects (Mudiay, Jokic or Murray) or Gary Harris+Nurkic/Harris. I think the Bucks could also work. They really want a center badly, and Two quality bigs along with Giannis can seriously cause match up problems with the Cavs. We'd definitely demand Jabari Parker in return as well as hometown boy Malcolm Brogdon. We'd probably have to eat the bad contracts of Plumlee and Henson but we'd still be coming out with more assets. The last buying team that could help us out would be OKC. They need some talent to pair for WB'S prime and they have some good talent and contract filler. We'd probably ask for one of their centers, Payne +and Sabonis before we even field Dwight. OKC might do it because they really need talent to field with WB because the only remotely possible star to pair with wb is Griffin because of his hometown and even that seems out there. *edit: adding on, if we did trade with the Celtics, we'd definitely need Brown and Smart. We'd probably not do it unless we also get one of their wings. If they can find a way to salary dump with us without giving us Horford we could have a deal with them e/I a 3 way trade
He actually took less money to join us. He was a consolation signing for losing Smoove he's gotten significantly better since his Jazz days
Read our top self posts. You'll know who we want on your roster
I honestly think Dunn will turn it around. Dude has all the physical tools, he just needs to develop an offensive game, and with three fantastic offensive players around him meaning he will never have to be burdened with being the primary scorer. He can easily be the Big 3 Rondo role once the Twolves go full sp00k
He's 22 years old. And also, he's not a normal player, he's a pretty dynamic athlete with speed, vertical and hustle. A similar player like Conley developed his shot into pretty consistent.
I hope you guys do, especially if you guys continue to build for the future. Even if he is making rookie mistakes, it'll be fun as hell to watch (like the Napier what-ever-the-fuck-that-was)
to the same guy
Super big respect to how your fans handled yourselves in the Rose Bowl. You guys were loud and assertive but remained polite and classy throughout the game. Most of the bad PSU fans were LA bandwagoners who had a little too much to drink. GG, and appreciate all the time you have with your superstar Barkley. Those were the best days :)
I can't wait, I'll be back in Atlanta for the first time in over a decade and I'll be going to both Hawks when Snek returns to Phillips and possibly the last game at the GA Dome. Psyched af
Roger's is graduating but Burnett is gonna be a star. He was a filler blue shirt recruit who is really making use of his opportunity
There was a LOT of fans leaving when we closed within one touchdown.
Fuck the Saints lite
Run by the same group of incompetent idiots that overpay players based on a canal street chronicles article
I'm wondering if we can make a move for Wes Matthews in a package around Bazemore contract. We could get back that shooting with defense on the other end
Bears are the best if you can find some. They usually wreck your low to average dinosaur and also rarely eat your prey because they're omnivores
Papas back! Maybe
Zaza vs Korver NBA Finals. Two titans collide
You're basically looking at a guy already nearing the level of Avery Bradley or Wesley Matthews with a significantly higher ceiling. Honestly, if he can use his athleticism better and develop slashing and midrange games, which he has the athleticism for, he can be a very highly regarded guard
Big Z rule
He's one of those good "best player on an average college team" players that disappears after he graduates. Cool part was that he made it all the way back to the NBA 5 years later. Quick, shifty guy with some.impressive skill. Of ciurse, he's still getting used to the pace of the NBA but he reminds me of Shelvin Mack as the likable, talented career backup
He got into Buds car
What about the Hornets? 2 #2 overalls, #4 in Zeller, and Lamb Kemba and Kaminsky
Inconsistent but still a quality starter
u kno i would
#VoteMikeDunleavy
WOOOOO
Serious question, what does Dunleavy have to accomplish to surpass LeBron's legacy?
Dunleavy is the greatest Hawk in history
They better pay Dunleavy tho
Might be biased when I say this as a Hawks fan but I seriously feel that tanking for a higher pick is not a successful way to build a team. There is rarely a transformative talent that can make you into a contender like LeBron or Shaq. Shit, Sacramento and New Orleans have the two best big men in the league and aren't close to contending for a title. Neither team has a lack of draft picks each year. Outside of OKC, no team in recent memory has been able to build a contender with straight top 5 picks, unless you count Cleveland who basically had two no-brainers for a top pick with LeBron being a can't miss prospect and Kyrie being a star in a weak draft. Shit, the process that all 76ers fans are enjoying right now would've never happened if they didn't find a transformative talent in Embiid. Even then, they aren't winning too many games.
Doesn't that prove my point? Even if they weren't winning they were at least trying to be competitive with players like Monta and Stephen Jackson. They got compatible pieces and a good coach as well as some key trades and free agent signings. The only high pick contributing to their teams was Bogut, which they acquired from trading Ellis, a second round pick
Keeping your picks is the most promising thing but what happens when you don't win for a significantly long time? Take for instance a team like the Nuggets. They've done a pretty good job drafting since the Bynum Howard trade, but they're basically log jammed at shooting guard, small forward and center because they've taken too many talented assets without any of them developing into true superstars yet. Now they run the risk of dropping Nurkic for Jokic or Barton/Harris for Murray. Obviously, they can trade them for pieces but even drafting as well as a team like Denver while keeping all your picks doesn't necessarily translate to building a contender
Honestly? A wing defender can seriously be the difference. Roberson is good perimeter defense but if they can get a guy like Winslow or Jae Crowder who can lock down some serious real Estate on defense, WB cans dominate on offense. Grab a good rebounder to complement their three face up center rotation and a guy who can shoot off the dribble when WB is on the bench and I think OKC is a contender. Look at houston, if you surround a top5 player with the proper role players and a system to succeed in you can do some serious damage without being forced to craft a super team. I just think they have too many moving pieces right now and not all of those players are complementing WB
His tape doesn't look good, you're right. He does fit into the mold of Derrick Rose clones that rely solely on motor and athleticism and quickness, just a little more of the later than the others
No problem. I think WB is an alpha dog so another Durant or even a Griffin is a bad idea. Guys with similar mindsets, like Kobe and Jordan, found success in their primes with a great beta dog, a wing man of sorts. Pippin and Gasol are HoFers, but they clearly respected whose team it was. A second tier star that can do things that WB doesn't provide as much ( defense, glue guy, consistent spot up shooting) would be awesone. I think Khris Middleton if he fully recovers would be honestly an awesome fit for WB
The thing is despite the revitalization of centers, guys like KAT Embiid and Cousins can legit create their own shot. They slash, fake and hit contested jumpers. I don't know if this is an anomaly that we are seeing with three groundbreaking talents but we might be seeing iso centers in the new future
That's true. Iso ball is rarely winning basketball no matter how talented the player is. Thankfully Embiid has Simmons and KAT hopefully has an improved Dunn or a revitalized Rubio. I think if Boogie gets John Wall or even Bledsoe, he significant improves (despite already being a top 10 player and the best center in the NBA).
Let me preface that I despise tanking. But New York isn't gonna hoist the Larry Obrien with Rose and Melo. Both players are not only past their prime, but aren't the leaders that two iconic players should be. KP is the future and possibly the scariest prospect out there if he hits his ceiling. The thing is, you have to take into account what's going in NOLA. The fact that they're trying so hard to win right away by trading assets and picks for players that can immediately contribute like Holiday means they burn chances at players like Noel who have the same time line as Davis. They're learning the hard way now because it's very hard to find a skilled young player with the same time line as AD now because a 19 year old in the draft is too young and a proven star like Millsap is too old. If a team does have a good 23-24 year old player, they don't want to trade them unless they get something substantial back because they are typically on team friendly deals. They got lucky that this year's draft had two good upperclassmen in Hield and Dunn but neither had any NBA experience. All in all, you want at LEAST 1-2 prospects that you can feel confidently putting alongside KP for the next 10 years. Think about Dirk. Had he had a consistent #2 instead of a revolving door of Josh Howard, Jason Terry and Tyson Chandler, how many more titles would he have won.
Wouldn't Kyrie be considered Australian. Also Tabuse has had probably the most impact on for an Asian player outside of Lin and Ming. Dude is a legend and Japan despite not really playing that much in the NBA
I would highly be careful of foreign league PGs. Ntilikina looks very promising but guys like Mudiay and Exum were the top true points in the ir class. The thing is the athleticism and quickness if NBA guards are very hard for non college guards to keep up with. I would much rather rely on Ball who has shown he can ball up against high level players
I watched every USC game the year we had Dedmon. He was no where ready to play in the NBA, but he worked hard and he is also more athletic than Bennett
Antic &lt;3
Fab Melo is GOAT
It's a pretty bad contract. I do think because of his age, lack of injury history and effort, he can still improve, unlike Noah, though
Wooo first game off of work to watch since KC let's go
Fuck Jimmy Graham
Freeman is running mad
I'm glad we tanked Julios stats until playoffs. Trust the process
100-10
That safety was the turning point
I'll take things Greg Harry's wife doesn't say for 200
Michael Bennet is asking for another low block
Seattle's mad because we are showing them what you're supposed to do when you're on the 1 yard line
That man is very fat
Leave Mike Dunleavy Jr alone
Poole killed him
YESSSSSSSSS WOOOHOHOHOHOHO
:,)
Cowboys
Debo once again
succ me
We may have memed Dunleavy into an MVP candidate
So is Isaiah Thomas after every play
Metu is starting to develop into an elite college player. He has athleticism off the charts
He can knock some jumpers down. I remember when I watched him at the game in Pauley last year, he hit several jumpers. Reminds me of a higher ceiling Ibaka with his skill set
No, we aren't as close to good as the Raptors or Cavs but better than that other team
Kris Middleton
:'). Let's do this for mother, BEAT THE PACK
Dunleavy probably has ring worm. Idk if that counts
Pls
The guy who looks like NBA rookie Justice Young
Eh, Clippers have a very strong core. They sort of gutted some of their depth. A decent 3 and D player is what they need
Dwight owning Snek. As is tradition
Succ(essful) me(me)
Succ me
Thrashfan has as many all star games starts as Isaiah Thomas
This whole sub probably. How do you think Zaza almost started in the all star game
Hey! That's the GOAT Mike Dunleavy
RIP Chicago
King of being the fourth best point guard in the East 😂😂
He already is
Literally the PF version of 3 and D
Imagined if we shut the out even tho they drive it down field every drive??
Yup. You should've seen our sub after week 1. We literally were worried about going winless (not even exaggerating)
Toe tackle1
I bet Rodgers wanted a flag for unnecessary roughness for that sack
THIS IS THE BRIGHTEST TIMELINE
WOO HOOOOOO
It was harder for the Packers to score today than losing my virginity in high school
Julio is GOAT
Wac wac
After how Von helped turn Vic into the next LT, we will do you a solid. Also last year denying Cam a ring was also enough
Dude got elbowed harder than that Alt Right guy
He along with Patrick Patterson were upperclassmen who came back to play with Wall, Bledsoe and Boogie
I wonder what Matt Ryan's legacy will be. With the likely MVP, and a SB trip, this will elevate him to elite,unless he has a Cam Newton-like collapse this season the next few years. It's weird, because back when he was on those Michael Turner-Roddy White teams, Falcons fans including myself thought he was for sure a HoF. The past few years, his prime has been sort of wasted, and that talk has easily fizzled. Ryan still has a lot of time to develop a legacy, he's around the age that Brees became elite. I think it's too soon to say how this will rank in a QB match up all time, but I do think we can say right now that this is the most exciting matchup between just the QBs (not counting anything else) in quite a while.
And give up 100 /s
Have to find someone to fuck me first :(
We'll bang, ok?
He's a rich man's Bruno
Let's hope NC States Smith JR is a better driver than JR Smith
That's the GOAT THJ thank you
He's definitely not a guy every team will feel comfortable drafting high. On the other hand, the most talented undersized white guy slot receiver runner to come out of college seems like the perfect Patriots player
I think Collins and Alford will split at corner #2. Even though Alford got paid, Collins was obviously his eventual replacement when we drafted him. We need a big corner for Tampa and Carolina 2x a year
Or even Justin
Workplace sexual harassment is no joke /s
Alternative sports!
Chris Hogan played Penn State Lacrosses
He's a 26 year old superstar putting up unreal numbers. There are all these super teams, most teams with TWO superstars struggle to get through the west
Lonzo Ball of all people got me chic fil la today thanks to the missed free throws promotions
Honestly, that's the one move I really liked by Haden. Enfield was a fantastic hire compared to the usual, hire a journeyman coach who is proven to be average
Burn him to the stake
There's no way they trade away their entire team basically for our entire team. Something closer would be Shroeder, THJ and our 2 rookies as well as a few picks for Paul. At that point we would need to make sure Sap and Paul were resigning and that we win a title within 2 years
Leonard, but he was more pro ready than Giannis as a prospect. I think once Giannis developed ball handling and shot creation he flashed some unseen level of basketball
Literally every team has former Kentucky players. The leagues 3 best domestic big men if you count Towns are from Kentucky (Process is from Cameroon I believe)
he disappears in thin air after the trade
Dude, that's cold. He would've started for the Sonics
The sub called him the Pink Panther because we thought we heard them call him that during the Celtics series last year.
He played with Lil Romeo, now that's tragedy
He's shown that charisma and confidence that Otunga and Byron lack. I think he and Corey don't mesh well together because Corey is smarkier and more heel based color guy while I think Watson will have more chemistry with a comedy or baby face announcer.
That gimmick would be amazing for LU
Going from the Dark Knight to Brandon Knight real quick
After Goldberg wins the title, have Lesnar go after his son. At least do something that makes a little sense pls
2K Baby Harden!
Many NBA players came from wealth. Guys like Andrew Wiggins and Mike Conley come from the upper elite class. You have your LeBron's but typically, NBA players need someone to sponsor you at camps during HS so you get drafted higher. That's why there are so many more lower drafted players feom poverty these days that succeed like Jimmy Butler
S W I N D L E D
The NBA finals is cool and all but you guys are missing out. The Scripps Spelling Bee is lit
Because for most of these kids, it's more likely that they'll end up working as a underwater basketweaver than playing basketball professionally
LeBron most likely. He overnight turned a borderline playoff team into the best team in the league while he turned most likely the top two team in the East into an early lottery team. Then after, he turned an early lottery team into the head above heels best team in the East while turning the dominant Miami into a borderline lottery team. LeBron's impact was bigger because GSW was already 1A as the best team in the NBA. They just got a bigger advantage over Cleveland when they probably already were slightly better. LeBron basically made Boston Big 3 obsolete, and up and coming contenders like Chicago and Orlando into teams that ended up trading their star players away.
I'm still sad the Bucks drafted Parker over Embiid. Parker is gonna be a star if he can get healthy but we were robbed of a Greco-Nigerian/Cameroonean Magic-Kareem combo
Adding on, (American sports fan so I don't know much about soccer) baseball is nowhere close to basketball in modern popularity and it's more team sport based so even big free agents don't change that much (like when the angels signed two iconic players for both to be average). In football, the only position to really completely change a team into a contender is QB and a great one will never ever move teams. Transformative defensive talents like Suh or Revis moved teams in their primes with barely a bat of the eyelash
Who are we trying to get? Isaac or Mark- to replace Sap? I personally wouldn't mind if we grabbed either but moving up in a PG heavy draft sucks since I'm guessing the one piece we won't move is Dennis. Also both top SGs are super undersized OG is very similar to Prince
The twin towers were very overrated as a unit. While both were prolific big men individually, Bynum's peak coincided with a significant decline for Gasol. It wasn't like both big men were dominant at the same time. Bynum was still a large kid who didn't fully grasp his talent until after the back to back titles where he blossomed into the 2nd best center in the league. By that time, Gasol was traded for that voided CP3 deal and Lamar Odom was in Dallas. From that trade, Gasol just played much worse, and basically quietly left LA for Chicago
I'm with her
Chris Handsome
It's the Big Cat's yard now
Well, had LeBron not pushed for guys like Thompson, JR and Iman to get 8 figures a year, they could've brought in someone to counter the Durant signing. They abused the bird rights system and LeBron basically made Gilbert pay the luxury tax for decent roleplayers
Exactly. Shaq didn't join Chicago or Houston, he joined LA whose best player was a teenager. LeBron joined with the 2 best single players in his conference
What if he really was a scam. Like he's a former obscure baby faced NBA player who washed out to Europe but ended up a really good player so he re-enrolled at LSU (who was in on it) which is why he didn't go to class. Then he would destroy some college kids and have someone generate a fake following for him over social media. This is like the soccer guy in TIL
Did I stutter?
Just need Larry Nance Sr. for a great father-son starting lineup
And regular season Lowry
Finally have someone to trade for instead of signing Super Mario Chalmers to a 5 year minimum contract
If that happens, basically the Kings traded away Demarcus Cousins so they could have cap room to ~~sign~~ grossly overpay Marco Belinelli.
Which one is the borderline superstar, Lopez or McCullum?
Kevin Durant is figuratively Kevin Durant. Brandon Ingram is literally KD
They gave out free tickets to inner city black fans during our bad years and in turn they've remained the most loyal to our fanbase. Because of that the Hawks in turn promote more hip hop culture. Almost every week, there's a famous trap artist performing at half time
X
Lebron needs to know when TT hits him so he doesn't bother flopping
LeBron signing his own toaster
Paul Millsap won the popular vote tho
KORVER DUNK
DeRon Williams please retire *clap clap clap clap*
Cavs role players. And by role, they mean complete dead weight.
If you're a wrestling fan and love seeing people hitting bricks like JR Smith, tonight's episode of Lucha Underground is definitely for you.
Silly Cleveland Cavaliers. Only Prince Puma can win after hitting those bricks.
It makes me mad that I have to spend all this time chatting a girl when all the Cavs need to do is sweep the Eastern conference to get fucked 4 times.
She's a baaad mama
Nissan paying for 100x a commercial that is geared towards younger girls and middle aged house wives. Marketing geniuses I tell ya.
When is LeBron just going to give up. I don't mean the series, but he just needs to shave what's clinging on.
foul
The last time something from Georgia was burned as badly as Zaza, the I 85 bridge collapsed
DORITOOOSSS LOCOS TACOOOSSS
Now I can put my free taco into my toaster
The meme that keeps on giving
I was shocked when you guys passed on Winslow given that he fit both a NC school star and good college player. He is a pretty similar to MKG but you guys had Zeller who was younger than Frank the Tank.
But Tyreke is big like Klay
1. Kevin Durant healthy would elevate a team just ad much as LeBron. 2. DeMar DeRozan under Pop would be a better player than Kawhi under Casey. 3. In 5-6 years team USA will not be dominate like it used to. Almost every franchise changing young player is foreign, even Wiggins. 4. Players like Derrick Rose and Russell Westbrook ruined the PG position because every top prospect is a weaker clone like Smart Dunn Mudiay or Payton who can't shoot and don't have the world beating athleticism to carry an offense. 5. When LeBron declines, The Cavs will be in ages of rebuilding after being tethered to horrible contracts for aging role players. 6. Kobe could have surpassed Jordan had Lakers fans not been so keen on trading away all their talent to build a super team of every homegrown prospect that the fickle fanbase fell in love with. 7. I have shitty opinions but I feel like there is a small justification for all of them
What if by telepprting Prime Melo, they tear the fabric of tome and space and the GSW cease to exist? So yes
And we have hundred of thousands of Trojans to cover those Cocks
Lamelo reclassified?
For a second I was like Curry has only been in the league for 6 years?? But the i realized Rubio spent time post draft overseas
Ayton is a one year rental and is unproven. If Michael Porter Jr. isn't worth not firing Romar, I think it's very fair. Fultz and Simmons showed that just because you're a great NBA talent doesn't mean you're going to be leading a deep tournament run
Not only that. The community looked like entitled that Vince needed to be writing essays to accomodate them.
That's like THE meme team. Also Malik Monk
They need Rudy Gay
I remember when Vince Staples went on LA radio saying the same thing to defend Lavar at the height of his hate. He's got his sons back no matter how much hate he gets. Meme but what is he supposed to say, his son is not good enough to be a star? Also it's not like it's rubbed off on Lonzo he's humble af
He'd go undrafted and sign with the new Chino Hills expansion team and get the 8 seed and eliminate the warriors in the first round via sweep before winning back to back to back to back to back to back before selling BBB and buying the Lakers, signing himself so he can fulfill the prophecy
Kind of sucks for them because they want a PF and the best power forward draft in a while is the year Brooklyn gets its picks
He's perfect for Seattle because they both used to play basketball
Rudy Gay is more valuable than MVP
Can relate. My son is also a Sixers fan because of the same reasons. Silly Timothy Luwaffle Cabinet
/u/ludabot
Haitian*
Winslow has star potential. Besides his shooting he's skilled at almost everything else for a young player
Barnes and Conley would literally be the most likable 1-2 punch as human beings.
Aminu for Bazemore swap?
Plus Holmes and Covington are locked in for quite a while too. Idk about McConnell but they have a stacked team
Clout
&gt;barring major missed time
So like their last GM
Need someone who can go again Barea
You guys and the Celtics both passed on a player literally named Dragan
Eh, similar trajectory, second round pick from a small school. Millsap was a backup face up 4 similar to Holmes until he was in his late 20s.
Good underrated rapper. Going to be very prone to the annoying "this is better than radio" fanbase liking him tho
DeAaron Fox's dad coming in to ruin the one major advantage that his son had over Lonzo.
I'm so happy for you guys. Honestly, it's even funnier given that the past 3 years, you guys still ended up with the best young player drafted between you guys and Boston. Also, Mozgod might mean that we can keep THJ
We gave up a center that doesn't fit into the NBA for a center that doesn't belong in the NBA at all. Also traded down 10 picks.
Not nothing. They literally gave up toxic assets that can hurt the future development of a team salary and skill wise for Howard and move up 10 picks. Lol
Do you have a video? The Rudy Gay highlights are getting a bit stale for fap material
I'm super liberal but I would secretly vote for Trump if it would unload Baze and Cumpee
*Error
GIMME A MIC
Make a Tinder. Apparently half the girls on there are just trying to meet new friends on there
Apparently when the Lakers got Hibbert he couldn't go on coasters at 6Flags because he was too tall
This is literally my iPhone screen when it was 14
And Bill Walton
&gt;he uses it to develop young kids and ship them out for some mad cash Hold up
In his first season too!
Glorious
Josh Jackson got both In n Out AND Whattaburger tho
South City Kitchen imo
He's also younger than Kris Dunn and Buddy Hield. He's a month younger than Clippers rookie Sindarius Thornwell. Depending on how old Thon Maker actually is, the Bucks may have drafted two rookies older than him last year Keep in mind he was drafted with players like McCullum, Alex Len and Steven Adams who seem like they've been in the league forever
**Davis, KAT, Embiid, Jokic are untradable** Davis is obviously never going to sniff the trade market unless he wants to leave NOLA. Age and talent means that you can build a contender around him in his prime and still get winning basketball out of him now. KAT is barely around the legal drinking age and is already a top 3 center. He's a franchise player who just needs to continue to grow and develop his defense. Nothing offered will be close to having cap flexibility while having a 20 year old superstar. Embiid is tricky. Injuries mean that nobody is going to offer all their chips for him because there's a risk that one day he won't return onto the court. Philly overvalued him because he's brought hope to a dead franchise. Other franchises undervalue a potentially generational talent because of his injuries so the stars will never align and Embiid will remain in Philly. Jokic is not as big as a name as those 3 but he's a very very promising elite prospect. Denver has no reason to rush a rebuild and trade him for a win now star. He provides something similar to Giannis: because he has exceptional playmsking abilities as a big, the Nuggets, which are stacked with 3 and D talent but a little weak on true point guards, can roll out another wing because the offense can be run through Jokic, similar to how Brogdon began starting at PG when Delly proved to be a bad starter. **Overvalued: Gasol, Millsap and Kevin Love** I don't think any of these 3 will be moved because they're overvalued by their franchises, unless Sap doesn't re sign. Gasol is an elite center but given his age and while he's arguably the best center in the NBA in terms of today, there's a big gap between best center in the NBA today and during prime Shaq Wilt Dream and Kareem days. He means a lot to the Griz and I don't see him or Conley ever moving because of that. **Expiring stars: Demarcus Cousins and Brook Lopez** Obviously two vastly different players in value but both are offensive juggernauts with issues in defense. Despite that. Cousins easily has the talent but lacks the effort. On the other hand Lopez lacks the talent but has the effort. Both are looking at massive money and unless you see Lopez as a major price for your teams title run, you don't make the trade. Cousins is trickier because he flashes franchise player potential but the drawbacks are obvious. A team desperate for a big 3 might be willing to put together a trade, especially if they're willing to go over the cap given that he's currently on a team friendly 16 mil contract and bird rights can help you bring a few other stars unless you're the pelicans then good luck paying Hill and Asik.
I agree. The Process was the same way OKC was constructed. The Sonics were a middling playoffs team on the decline as well so they traded Ray Allen for Jeff Green, pawn or cast off core pieces like Ridnour, Rashad Lewis and Reggie Evans and embrace the rebuild and drafting the best player available. Philly is trying to create a super team with homegrown talents.
Alpha
Gus??
If she wears a shirt that says proud bisexual, then probably
Depends on the Grizzlies 40 time
GOAT- Alpha Kaba
I'm crying right now.
Exactly. It might be intiatilly tough but at the end you'll likely have your cake and eat it too. There will always be other girls for this dude
Because they kept slapping against your mom's butthole
Eh; you see racists still love themselves a top notch running back or shooting guard because it benefits their self-interest. I also don't think Vince actively hates white people, just rich white people. Dude seems genuinely good to his younger white fans as long as they're not dicks
Haha why are you posting this one everyone comments? Thank you regardless, and congrats on getting traded to Minnesota
The average /r/NBA **shit**poster would make better choices than this guy
Filtering /r/askmen to new and answering every question with cynical, sarcastic answers as an attempt of comedy.
Shh, I'm trying to find you an intern
Now all they need is for Dolan to fire himself now
:(
T.T
Literally just saying hi. If you want to get laid, put some more commitment into it. In all seriousness, giving a good lasting impression to a girl usually entails either being funny or good looking. Don't take yourself too seriously, which you seem like you're doing.
Fathers Office in Santa Monica, CA. Fucking love that burger
Hinkie games a broken system, West is the greatest talent evaluator potentially in all of sports. He turned a bottom feeder into the Golden State Warriors. He turned Divac into Kobe. He turned a shit trade for Pau into one of the greatest Grizzlies players
It's 2017, motored vehicles deserve love too.
Your user tho..
Some rapper who raps for Def Jam. Used to hang out with Odd Future just like Seattle used to play basketball.
He's signing autographs at a club tonight right? I saw him during the Hollywood and Portland shows this year, met him after the Hollywood show, nice dude, but he will make swear off smoking and drinking.
As a USC fan Julio would be awesome here. I think we've done a good job churning out serviceable WRs but a freak like Julio would've killed it
Michelle Wie is 1/3 of a foot taller than Isaiah Thomas. Lol
You saw you open /r/NBA and the #youweird intensified
I totally just remembered who he was. It's been such a long time all I thought was that he was a generic jobber
I'm sure you guys are struggling really badly on that end if the court
Kris Dunn. He's worth a Jimmy Butler
Big man yes point guard no. Big men today are so ridiculously skilled. 10 years ago a guy like Andre Drummond would've steamrolled through the league. Today, with how skilled guys like KAT, Jokic and Embiid are, there's no way you can masquerade as a top defender just by blocking shots and rebounding. Point guard seems to be over-saturated with pure athletes. Most of the top prospects as of late not counting this draft have been Dunns and Mudiays who rely more or being faster and stronger than your typical PGs. Of course this will probably end as every high school PG now wants to be Curry
With Chris Paul being traded, it'll be crazy to see 3 Clippers legends at point guard moved this year 😂
I dont think there are very many Pops out there
Kyrie was drafted with the Clippers pick
Didn't need the help today but still bless you guys
As someone living in LA: FIRST PLAYOFF GAME LIVE RISE UP LETS GOOOO
That was the most awkward cheerleading ever
I work at a furniture store, Uber XL has helped us get several mirrors to customers from the store
This season had the greatest last second possession game between USC and Texas 👀
It's Florida so they get Ski Mask and Denzel Curry
I remember when 2K had guys like Dion and Al Jefferson read off a script and pretend to be your best friend on MyCareer. I believe half of the scenes Dion was slurring his words. Still better than B Fresh tho
We won the popular vote!!
KIELBASAAAAAAA
This man must have a win rate of a Cleveland Brown
I think the exposure may have worked too well. He was most likely banking on outrage and hate (that's how he and his brother are huge anyways) and then falling back on his mindless horde of preteen fans without consequence. However he fucked up because too many people are talking about this stunt, with real celebrities (not just YouTube personalities) commenting on it and media outlets like TIME and USA Today criticizing it, parents will likely start pull his fans off of his videos. To people who already dislike or like his content nothing changes, but now to the general public he's the guy that verbally desecrated a human corpse
White Jake Paul
What I wouldn't do to see Fred Hoidberg play under Thibs in 2018
Speed boosting cheese
DeMarre...nvm
I know, filthy casuals, Kyrie is easily the best PG in the league /s
People who don't think Atlanta's undefeated record is the most important narrative in NBA history
Most likely no
Justice rains from above?
He has the same sort of goofy look as Teague too
It's pretty insane. Candido passed away roughly around Khali's peak run with WWE.
Still the 3rd worst investment of 17 million by the Lakers though
What about Derrick Rose Cavs money?
Good bye
Gg! Thanks Angelenos for making the experience very clean and fun. Hope we meet you guys again last year
To be fair there were Raiders fans at the game and they were nice too 😂
Bagbak was in the second trailer as well. Dude is making waves
Dedmon has more long term Hawks potential than Plumlee. He's really embraced Bud ball. With that being said, if we can get Bud to make Plumlee look good, we can trade him away and clear the books. Baze's play has turned him from a negative asset to someone we can potentially use to swindle some assets out of while dumping his contract. Hopefully Plumlee can do the same, especially given that we have no sentimental attachment to him
It was a horrible idea to trade a young talent like D'Lo just to open up cap room. The reason why Brooklyn got out of not having picks was by developing youngsters and using their cap room to take players like Mozgov for assets. If they turn out decent like DeMarre you can flip them for even more
That's why the Timberwolves caused global warming, so it would be easier to attract free agents
Vince Staples brought our expectations all the way up and this is all we get?
Very likely that AD Boogie see time with Liggins, Miller and Rondo on the floor. I'm still sad you guys didn't get Bledsoe
DeAndre x Chance mixtape please
You guys are getting to /r/atlantahawks levels of shitposting and it's glorious
He's so great
When both your step dad and your biological dad look the same and you start to think your mom has a type 🤔🤔
That was so fucking annoying
GET FUCKING SET RISE UP EVERYONE!!
That bullshit catch in the 2nd quarter cost us the fucking game
Didn't really work out too well for Ricegum or Rodney Hood
Saints are God's fans
He's much better. More confident speaking, significantly better in-ring and a lot leaner than his WWE run, despite still being monster-sized. Probably a good guy to keep strong and book as a realistic opponent for Brock or Braun
Lol a large portion of their fanbase are USC fans because of Carroll ironically enough
I think Lashley could be a good monster heel, but I can also see him doing well as a face, especially since a majority of the Ruthless Aggression stars are either part time, retired or putting younger talent over on their way out, a guy who was very well protected during that era and has improved can definitely be a similar act to Cena or Reigns, albeit shorter due to his age
Tobias and Oladipo are pretty religious guys, I can definitely see it
Shammy would've gone
Alternate title: Dewayne Dedmon defeats racism
Barnes is up there with Lin, Isaac and Conley in NBA player Sainthood
I mean guys like Lin, Conley and Barnes are solid af even with years of NBA experience. It just depends on the person. Dwight was just too immature
Do you want the Lakers to get Lebron? That's how that would happen.
Young sir. I dont think you realize how much we hate the Celtics. I would rather Lebron bang my wife then watch the Celtics hang an 18th banner. I would rather Tyronne Lue take a pass at my mother than watch the Celtics have a championship parade. I would rather the entire Cavs team, including Kyle Korver fuck Patrica train my first love then watch the Celtics at the White House in July. I myself would drag my nuts across a field of Jae Crowders than watch the Celtics drop a banner next year saying "2018 NBA Champions." Truthfully, I would kill you if it meant I could stop the Celtics from even playing in the NBA finals and I like you. Fuck the Celtics. Fuck Boston. I hope that entire city burns to the ground by the crotch of Brian Scalabrine's firey pubes. That ginger fuck is so fucking good I hate him and the entire state of California because of him. I dont even know which Scalabrine he is from but fuck them both. And dont get me started on that young Republicans campus president looking fuck Brad Stiff-on. His hair looks like it was combed by an army of tiny dicks. That loser POS. Bring back Doc Rivers, at least with him, there was always the chance he'd die of thirst by half time. We haven't beaten the Celtics in like 4 fucking years. Fuck you for asking this question. But fuck Boston more. Go Cicadas. Edit: Succ me
If Boston wasn't racist why would the Brotherhood of Steel settle there? Checkmate Celtics
&gt;No one in Boston thinks ~~about Atlanta~~
We're winning too much
Actually to the Hawks and he got released. Then signed with the Bulls and got released as well
Burress would be talking about how betting on NBA games until his mic is cut while Vince makes references to gangsta shit Demar and Kawhi did in Compton without actually telling us the story
Dexter Pittman is available
They want that Kendrick money
Not to the level of the Pels. They have a maxed Jrue Holiday, Rondo and Tony Allen, then dead contracts, players on two way contracts and players that should be on two way contracts.
College basketball is hilarious for this. I remember VCU students singing Wrecking Ball during free throws
&gt;seat all the players' ex girlfriends This kills Pau Gasol
Marvin Williams-esq
E
Hang out after the show. OME hangs out around the venue and if you know the secret word he'll teach you the handshake
Falcons respect women in 2018
A Dwight-Gasol front court would be unstoppable! It would work for sure
We need a 2018 Nuremberg Trial
So if we never win again in SA, Wilkins will be immortal? Time to retool hard
Wolves!
Dude has a picture with Tupac
Got'em
With their partnerships with TNA, imagine Brock on Impact. Incredible
Americas gone morally corrupt
Kevin Durant and James Harden
Things can exist through social construction. I can see someone with a Swatstika tattoo and recognize that he is a Nazi because we've socially conditioned ourselves to interpret the symbol towards nazism.
Race is a huge part of identity but it's not totally self-administered. Most people are socially assigned race based mostly on their appearance. The only difference scientifically in skin color is melanin, but it has historically been used for much more nefarious reasons. But there have been major flaws with race-based medical care. Asian Americans in particular have had issues because of how many ethnicities there are in that race. For example, Asian Americans have the lowest rates of obesity and obesity related diseases. East Asians are on whole social-economically better off than South East Asians, and therefore they have significantly lower rates of obesity, heart disease and diabetes. In fact, groups like Cambodians and Hmong have higher rates of those diseases than black or Latinos in the US. Because the largest Asian groups in the US are Chinese, race actually has a negative effect medically on these smaller Asian groups because their medical treatment differs from groups that have significantly higher amounts of capital on whole. Much of the science behind medically treating race is about ethnicity/culture, basing treatment off diet, socioeconomic status and medical sensitivities. We do classify race based on skin color but very loosely. In fact, even the racist scientists in the 1900's determined skin color was not a determining factor in determining someone's race for citizenship. In fact, one of the cases literally changed the definitions of white to include middle easterns, who traditionally were considered Asian because of dark skin, because a Syrian man argued in the courts that he was from the same geographical region as Jesus. We see the same with groups like Irish and Italian getting considered white and groups like Indian flip flopping between white and Asian.
Race tells us to view human differences and determines societal definitions from them. Asian is not genetically passed down, but what we consider Asian traits are. Asian parents have black hair and Asian eyes so plugged into a punnet square those features will be passed down too. But if the Asian parent moves to the US, what isn't passed down to that child is Asian culture, Asian languages, etc. Those are learned behaviors. Now back on the swastika being used as a symbol: socially, we look at black hair and Asian eyes and we determine those features mean the person is Asian. More deeply, we then associate the meanings behind how Asians are viewed socially.
Well if you want to play for the same team on in a different geographical direction we have a place for you Kawhi
Easily Bagley. Ayton has more size but if Bagley is available at 3 it would be as good of a pick as Doncic or Ayton at 1
Different coast! Observatory in Santa Ana! He had a show in LA the day before. Damn that sucks, my one gripe was that we sat through a barrage of openers when the doors opened at 7. He got smoked out several members of the front crowd during the show for us
Nah the Cavs are ripping you guys off
Nick Young
I wonder how Aminu would react to that
Greek freaks
The problem is that he's balled out this year, raising his value just enough for us to potentially trade him as an asset rather than a net negative. I would love him to retire as a Hawk but if you see what happened to the Grizzlies, trading your overpaid vets are best for rebuilding
Big Krit, Young Dro, Bankroll Fresh, mixtape Jeezy, Rocko, Pastor Troy, Gorilla Zoe, Blood Raw, Big Kuntry
And they had 2x chances as every city listed besides NYC
It's Lebrons fault for politicking himself a team of bad contracts but it's also why the Cavs won a title to begin with.
It's pretty ironic how the two players (Crowder and Korver) that had fans blame Cavs players for purposely injuring them are both Cavs now.
Smh signing with an undefeated team
So would CJ if he was in the east and on the Cavs imo
Need another Malice to bring fans in tbh
I would love Vanfleet's seed for sure
It's more because the Cavs don't have the franchise ability to change a star player's mind like the Lakers or the Spurs. Look how dysfunctional they are post-Kyrie. The Cavs got the best possible deal in a sellers market. We all know both IT and Crowder can play when healthy and under a good coach and with an all time high amount of teams selling the Cavs should hypothetically find a lot of value from a high lottery pick. The problem isn't Kyrie, it's the lack of coaching to make guys like IT and Crowder valuable.
Before he went black and never back
Kevin Love for Andrew Wiggins + sign and trade Anthony Bennett
I feel like outside of SA or Cleveland, Lebron would only sign with a big market team. Giannis and Lebron would be an awesome passing of the torch though
She gets mentored by Lorcan and Burch and has the greatest face turn in NXT history
I think Kaep fans would watch to support him
"But u said I'm cute tho?"
J
I
I would say crazier. I think LeBron is regarded as the best player by most outlets, Kobe had coverage in the second biggest media market in the US, and was huge in countries like China.
I hate my life. Boogie was one the guys you wanted to root for. Now that he's finally turned the corner on all of his detractors this shit happens. Jeeze, it hurts to see him on the sidebar as I type this
We're not a great team. We're not a bad team. We are a team.
It's like Batman where he embraces his fear to save his city
No the Hawks subreddit MVP
Someone turn this into a Big Enough meme
&lt;3
White big men shouldn't have such a bad ass name like Killian Tillie. What happened to all them having goofy ass names like Cody Plumlee and Spencer Zeller
It was a fairly young class. There wasn't very many upperclassmen in the draft, so it was mostly 18-19 year olds. Most of them are now hitting 22-23 and getting it together.
Former All Stars IT and Derrick Rose
Ahh the old Cliff Alexander route
He would leave the dysfunctional ass Spurs for the pristine class act organization known as Spurs East
3018
Brown+Tatum+Hayward+Sixers Pick Swap+1 Unprotected Celtics pick Edit: Celtics would probably also have to take Gasol's bad contract to make salaries match
I mean they're not getting Kawhi anyways. There's no way the Spurs are trading a top 5 player on the most team friendly long term deal of any superstar in the league who happens to be 26 years old for anything but a King's randsom
I hate his snek ish ways but Horford should really be considered a favorite.
Agreed. He's locked in for 18 mil until he's around 30. That's an insanely good contract for a top 5 player in the NBA. I don't see Kawhi being moved unless they get a huge return, their bad contracts dumped and direct signs that Lebron will be signing with them
I think top 4 you guys are set. This year's draft has MPJ, the favorite for #1 before an injury, Bagley, the favorite for #1 in next year's draft class before reclassification, Ayton, an elite center prospect and Doncic, one of the most unique elite prospects we've ever seen. Outside of that, there's a very good but very risky grab bag of guys like Jaren Jackson, Collin Sexton, Trae Young and Mo Bamba, who are all top 5 material in weaker drafts. A good front office could easily nail that pick but I don't think the Cavs have the departments to ensure that pick is used to its maximum value
It was mostly from the value of those picks. Had the team done a better job at drafting they would have more trade capital to build a team around Lebron. Instead, a top pick in Bennett was basically a throwin instead of a valuable asset in the Love trade.
Hawks West
Poe is probably gone unless he takes another discount
When memes here happen they just happen.
The best way to add talent for the Knicks is by tanking
No ballgame tonight
lol
And now he's most likely spending the rest of his career as an above average NBA player on a team he had no interest in otherwise signing with
Didn't do bad. 3/3 and 6 rebounds
Double-agent Jeff Teague
Jeff Teague is being misused as a starting point guard, dude would be a perfect live action stunt double for Sandy from Sponge Bob
Chris Paul is gone
:)
Yes, @Bucks won last 4 games VS a 17/34 Suns, 18/32 Nets, 18/32 Bulls and 24/23 Sixers. Maybe you should hold the crowing till you beat another PLAYOFF bound team?! Not saying it won't happen, but Coach @RealJasonKidd deserves credit for your development.
This is really inaccurate... Boban is on the Clippers now
I don't agree with being violent to racists. But as a fellow Asian American who has been harassed in the streets by a racist asshole, physical intervention is justified, not for the vile opinions, but the actual physical public harassment. Especially for a woman, an ~~large~~ unstable man getting in her face and following her around screaming shit unsolicited needs some sort of physical intervention.
A cocktail of ignorance, insecurity and meth
I think the potential issue isn't with the video. It's with precedent: Migos have used the word chinks in their music, and unlike Denzel Curry, they were using it to refer to Asian Americans, most likely in a derogatory sense. I feel like they've had their Asian culture card revoked until further notice
Not really. Shinsuke has been booked like an eccentric, flamboyant bad ass. It's a very Japanese character but not stereotypical. Doesn't hurt that he's a phenomenal wrestler (Japan is a hot-bed right now for really good wrestlers). Asuka has been absolutely bad ass. She was known as Kana, the biggest Joshi (Japanese women's wrestling) star in Japan. She's been given a Goldberg-esq run, and hasn't lost a match since she debuted almost 3 years ago. She might be prepped as a future opponent for Ronda Rousey, that's how good she's been. Thankfully, she's been also portrayed tastefully, with little to no overt sexualization. She comes out in colorful, Ultimate Warrior-esq costumes.
Fapped to
*late
They have a really interesting path to the NBA. Marcus was seen as the better twin coming out of Kansas but Markieff was the much better rookie. Marcus got on the Suns and both of them had a resurgence until they goofed and beat that guy. They're similarly built and aren't too different skill wise, yet Markieff (who is slightly bigger) is a more traditional 4 while Marcus is a prototypical 3
TNA lets departing talent keep their names. It's trying to rebrand as a wrestler-friendly promotion. Spud is just not a WWE name. WWE likes "real" names for their talent these days
Csun is a rough representation of LA. It's in the San Fernando Valley, which is out of the way of Hollywood, Downtown, Santa Monica and Pasadena. You're going to need to have a car out here if you want to feel like an actual Angelino. Dorms themselves are not bad. The meal plans are pretty bad. The food sucks, and the halls are closed during breaks like winter. You can also get a double apartment with a kitchen, so you can cook. The campus itself is not bad. People are really friendly. Students are a little bitter and disillusioned, but they're usually approachable and helpful. The professors are a mix. Usually lower division professors are pretty bad; most teach part time at community colleges and treat their job at CSUN the same. Usually upper division professors are pretty brilliant. Many become friends after graduation. I would say if you really want to try LA, CSUN is a cheap, low-risk way to try, but you do need to go out of your way to experience much of what the city has to offer. The students are probably the best reflection of Los Angeles of any campus. It's a diverse population of mostly working class students, many who work multiple jobs. It's not going to be UCLA or USC but it's a unique experience.
I would say no. It's a lot of money without that much payoff. Meet the clubs lasts until 2 I believe so find a club, their fees are 15-60, and many like FASA have parties anyways.
RIP
&gt;In this study, Asian American women engineers were significantly more likely than white women to report that they were held to higher standards than their colleagues. Taken more broadly, this suggests a pernicious bind: Though Asian Americans might be seen as having a specific set of technical skills, white men with identical skills may be assumed to have a broader range of skills they haven’t demonstrated. So, like women and other people of color, Asian Americans in stem may have to be more skilled than white men to be seen as equally competent This is a very good way of understanding the difference between white and Asian candidates. Terms such as "more well-rounded" and "more than just an employee" are terms that often excuse picking over an API candidate.
He could probably block Iman's record 3 point shooting with his massive dong
Two-way contracts are an awesome edition to the NBA. They're literally NBA internships, and a lot of guys we haven't heard about for a while, like Jacob Pullen and Larry Drew II have gotten opportunities to play on an NBA roster
Idk but Phil Jackson almost got his 7'3 unicorn stolen by the Celtics
Found out that it wasn't one of his
Crazy how Mitchell's perceived ceiling went from Avery Bradley to D Wade that quickly.
&lt;3
Goldberg-Bischoff Dudleys-Hardys Henry-Big Show
Smh
Can't even hit a wide open six vowel word
Hawks are my favorite team and Reddit my favorite time-waster. I wish all of the circle jerkers would STFU and go spam some other sub. Scrolling here feels like a day back in middle school most days. Post real content and go blow each other somewhere else. Is it too much to ask??? Queue the ban and the bullshit comments
All good lmao it's a fresh one
Cawception
🙌🏿
InDefibetly-Kawhi Leonard
No u
Just because we like to shitpost doesn't mean you're allowed to literally post shit
I don't think anyone has felt good having a watermelon sized person come out of their vagina...but I doubt you know enough about the female anatomy for that to make sense.
HEY! I checked advanced stats AND MAREESE SPEIGHTS IS LITERALLY WORTH ALL OF OUR ASSETS. Hey GM have u made an offer for mareese speights yet??? Your job is on the line if u don't trade for mareese speights Btw I'm in debt, peace out. ✌️
Dude is one of the All-Time greats for a franchise that hasn't had many consistent All Star level players. Still the wise, cold thing to do is what West did in a time dominated by GSW and Lebron. A lot of these contracts imo are going to look really bad in a few years (John Wall, Conley and WB could be really bad if their athleticism wanes).
Honestly, maybe the earliest raiders will be rogue dwellers. That would be cool
That sort of doesn't make sense. Wouldn't the whole point of being a plant be someone who a major label sets up?
/r/accidentalwesanderson
