I felt the feels
I just hope it's not another cat :(
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy. ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
This is a retarded article... Come at me xir!
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority. I have to be doing this right by now.
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now. I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ; who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works; If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2). I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute. PS: Sorry for your loss
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
I think a lot of the posters in this sub are like: http://imgur.com/gallery/WaZGn
How is it compared to a MKIII?
I am guessing it is pretty heavily armored so even if you are getting your ass kicked you can jump away.
Not every company does this. Just look at Activision, especially the CoD series. Unless you think paying more for a 4 year game than a 1 year game is sale. I actually think Bethesda is doing more so we forget the whole "paid mods" debacle.
While that was one thing I thought of, I thought that having the ring would be even more dangerous if they know she was the ex-khaleesi
Are we really sure? It's almost too perfect. Even if not, it's kind of like MisandryMermaid at this point? It is just like fishing in a koi pond, just too easy and there is no need to get the fish out, you just go to the pond to visit the new fish.
You do have to remember that movies take some time to make. Just the actual film shooting was over 70 days. Then there is the prep for the role (he had to get more tan than he normally is, maybe work out to be more buff as he had to appear 'alpha') Then there is post production work (often actors will re-dub their voices for the film or even do reshoots after the main filming is done). Then there is doing the pre-release tour to get the word out (even for a film like this, they need to do the press run and everything) Basically an A-list high profile movie can take almost a year of work, so even getting the scale fee is money earned. On top of this, there is no guarantee there is another movie lined up right away. Some actors can get steady work right after every film (Samuel L Jackson). Others will do one movie a year, like Tom Cruise. Now if you are in a b-role and don't get steady work or really high pay like either of these actors, 60,000 can hold you for a while till you can hopefully get another job. Not to mention that the pay comes without deductions so they need to pay their own benefits and taxes (remember what happened to Wesley Snipes?).
See another dentist. It shouldn't hurt. I had one done, it was painless. The only thing that happened was at about 1am that evening I woke up, felt like I had a really bad toothache for about 10 mins, then it stopped and never felt anything in that tooth again.
Basically it takes a few episodes to get into it as it doesn't go for flash and it is setting up the whole series. As such, once it hits it's stride, it rarely lets go and it becomes one of the greatest media experiences you can encounter.
Looks good, but wasn't supposed to be released 2 years ago? I am worried that we are going to see a repeat of WatchDogs and it will be some great ideas, but won't live up to the hype they are projecting.
I feel as if she has been in the longest "friendzone" ever. She was willing to live a shitty life just to be with her love, even if not returned.
I noticed that a lot of it is perceptions and what you already have. I just think it was a shitty sale because I was expecting GTA5 to have at least a 20 dollar drop and be a highlight. Adding a "money card" and selling it for the same price is just insulting. Nothing else really looked worth it to me as money is tighter for me right now. Hopefully things will be good for the winter/x-mas sale.
Good ol' Cobleskill. If you ever want to see the most pathetic State University Campus, go there for a visit.
no spoilers, but will say it is one of my favorites and it will be one of yours as well. Edit&lt; I watched it early because I have work related stuff later today and was going to miss it anyway.
Unless you come out as Transblack, like the ex NAACP chick.
Basically every restaurant I have ever seen on that show was so close to death, it would have taken a miracle to keep it open. Let's face it, we should celebrate the fact that the show has kept ANY restaurant open, even if by accident. The worst one was the Indian food place with the roaches. It kept me from eating out for a while afterwards.
Yea, I don't watch it. I just watch the Adult Swim shows to fall asleep to, and for regular times only SU, Adventure Time, and if it's on and I am working Gumball. That's about it.
What happened was they were forced to give up their tips. It's scummy because people were giving it based upon the service of the waitress. A lot of people would not have tipped if they knew it was going to the house.
The fact it was in front of Greg. And Greg's reaction was amazing, just starting as he tried to remove the record stylus from the record.
Not sure. If I recall it was in New Jersey if I am recalling correctly.
Well let's face it. The police are made up of a larger percent of high school graduates who couldn't do much else. Of course they are racists. I feel the cops are more like the crew shown in Generation Kill. You have a small number of elite people who are smart and know what the hell they are doing. A whole lot of people who will do their jobs and follow orders even if retarded. They also are usually racist, but not mean people in general. Then there's Dave "Captain America" McGraw, who is going to end up shooting first and asking questions later.
Just think about this, most of us have flash drives larger than this HD.
You just fucked up my day :(
The comments remind me of the scene in Jaws when the Mayor is talking about the bounty on the shark and Quint scratches the blackboard to get everyone's attention and to remind them that he is the professional and stating how much it will really cost.
I think this is expected. Some people are grab one popcorn at a time type. Others are grab a few or a fist full at a time.
But they are not immortal (at least not how we take it). If the gem cracks, they are no longer the gem they were. The shards might live in some fashion, but it's not the same. This is why Garnet was so overcome with horror and grief when she realized that the shards were forced into fusion (also that they were former friends as well, but they are nothing but monstrosities now) Obviously however they view themselves, they don't understand organic life and most gems probably see it as a nuisance. It was Rose who first realized that humans were something to fight for and might have intelligence. In terms of reproducing, this is what the Kindergarten was. There is probably something special about Earth (it is rich in organic material maybe) that lets it be good for this, however it is at the cost of the planet which would die out. It is similar to a Virus that reproduces using a host cell, but doesn't understand that it's reproduction, might also be it's destruction. Sugar is very aware of this and it's why the vessels in Kindergarten all look like virus. So in this case, Gems are like Virus. They are set and very few will ever grow in maturity beyond a dumb virus. Who knows what that means for their society, I guess we will see in future episodes (too bad we don't have future vision)
While one of the weakest Marvel movies IMO and easily the weakest of the first phase, it's not BAD. Just partly bland (except the Hulk scenes themselves). Also who's idea was it to get Omar Little in the movie and not even give him a speaking role?
The original cut was bland. The Director's cut is literally one of the best movies of the year. Also Norton does such a great job, he kills it, even though he wears a mask the entire time.
The first one was decent. It was a bit of a side step as it didn't really top the previous pixar movie in terms of quality and it was done during Pixar's Golden Age (where everything they were putting out was 5 star, top 100 movie quality). It was more marketable to kids, even with some of the adult themes, but the adult themes were more innuendo type to go over kids heads. This contrasted very much from the current crop of pixar movies which are more adult movies if you think about the themes yet they were family friendly. Then the 2nd movie came out and it was clearly a kid's fart jokes are funny type of movie with very little for adults to enjoy. As such, they get a lot of hate as it was the first 'chink in the armour' for Pixar and showed they were not some perfect studio that can do no wrong, but they were like any other studio and that they can make mistakes, cater to the dollar, and make bad films. Had these movies came out during the era when Brave came out I think people would be more understanding about the quality of both movies.
First thing you should check is the head gasket for leaks. A lot of car parts places will rent it out, but you can buy it for cheap (about 25 or so).
Make sure there is an inconvenient self destruct button that will easily be pressed though. Also make sure whatever it is will help Phineas and Ferb get rid of their latest summer creation before they get busted.
Toy Story 2 and 3.
There is a lot of Nietzsche philosophy in Alan Moore's works. V for Vendetta is one of the darkest books I have ever read in this regard.
Probably not, but A lot more enjoy the stupidity of it.
Most of the sex-positive feminists I know are bi and play mostly with other woman. They PICK who they have sex with. They are not into forced servitude. Also, the ones I usually interact with in the kink community are not the raging psychos I usually see on tumblr, but the more logical types (although there is always overlap) This is why the sex-negative feminists are the worst. They are just as bad as the social conservatives who want to control anyone else's sexuality (against gay sex, kink, ect). It is all about control and nothing else. These are also the psychos who argue why gays are terrible tools of the patriarchy. Two guys having sex has nothing to do with feminism, yet they find a way to make it their issue. In almost any other capacity, these people would be ridiculed, yet in some academia, they are exalted.
Broker in CT. The exchange is fucked. I know dozens of people who were kicked off both their regular insurance and Husky because AccessHealth said they requested more information, but nothing was ever sent out (till they got their letters saying they are being kicked off). What's sad is that the CT exchange is one of the better state exchanges. I believe the ACA is in a lot of trouble and if things don't improve it will not be around for much longer.
Seeing that the CT exchange is the only one to remain profitable, it's not surprising. They actually just got rid of all their own brokers and they will now handle Husky applications while pushing regular applicants to companies like mine (or they can just apply online which is an even bigger disaster). PS: If you don't want or need subsidies, don't use the exchange, it's just extra red tape. Also use a broker, they are free (paid by the insurance companies) and the costs of the plans will be exactly the same.
Basically. I didn't mind the whole twist though as I enjoyed it for what it was. Hopefully they will do better with the next movie.
The books were so much better, but it was still a great movie. Yes it was the right thing to do. You might not like it, but it's a fucking cruel thing to do to steal someone else's kid because you can.
I was just thinking if I were to just buy a cheap fridge for my room in such a case, I would probably have to fight over it later anyway.
Well lots of fucking and sucking of course both strait, gay, bi...threesomes, foursomes, moresomes to start with. Think of a kink, it gets indulged by someone. I have seen sploshing, piercing, bondage of all sorts. There is a rope place where people just enjoy tying and suspending people. Pet play and age play are standards there. There is some primal type play (think about burning man, but much more highly sexualized than it already is) Then you just have people walking around naked or in leather, latex, spandex or whatever floats there boat (even the occasional furry, but whatever)
Remember kids, they did fuse pretty easily. Rose is kind of like a 60's hippy though with the free love if you think about it. While not one sided, the level and type of love was probably not the same though.
My speakers are great. I also use a logitech mouse for my work laptop that so far is great. I also have a spare keyboard in case my Amazon Basics craps out (I will eventually get a mechanical, but money has been tight as there is only one income right now).
I enjoy both a great deal. My favorite tea is Earl Gray. Right now Twinnings is my go to (it used to be Rishi, but it is now way too smelly now and taste wise not as good as it used to be). For Coffee, Melitta's Vienna Roast for a nice tasty morning cup in winter.
Just a line, one measly little line could have saved this and been okay.
It's never a question of IF, it's a question of WHEN. I lost a whole shitload of media on my external (which uses the internal). 95% was/is replaceable, so not the worst thing in the world, but I am still building back up to this day.
It's an amazingly well made snuff film, but that is all it is.
It's actually one of the few movies that transcend the "misfits become champion" movies, in that they are winners and they have to integrate and yet not lose. It is one of the best movies in the genre. I respect your wish to not see it, there are a few movies I know are great which I just never seen (mostly because I have never been in the mood to watch them)
There are a lot of amazing movies in the genre. Some are not really scary, but they have a horror tone to them.
Not here, not in /r/movies like a dumb animal.
I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. It was better than Red State in that Red State feels like it should have ended better. Tusk was a perfectly made movie of it's type.
I hate his personal life. I still think he can pull off any role he puts his mind to.
If it doesn't lose it's momentum, it will easily be a top 5 of mine. I am always afraid of shows that are still on as the chance of the quality can always go down. 10 years ago I would have said Simpsons and even then it was not as great as it once was, but it was still awesome. Now the later seasons just ruined the show for me for the most part.
I was happily a vegan. I started because I got really bad food poisoning from something I ate. I think it was pizza if I recall correctly. Once I was able to eat anything ever again 2 days later I just ate things with no animal products (except honey, I kept it in my diet). Cue 6 years later, I met my now ex-wife. She ate meat, she would cook a lot of things with meat. I slowly started to eat meat again. I kind of regret it as I don't feel as healthy as I used to when I was a vegan.
As an american who cannot get the real thing here (just can't find the cheese curds to even make my own).... I sooooo want this to try
Jose Caviezel did die. Jim survived and is continuing to make movies and shows.
I still like salty bird mom
Holy shit, I forgot I had this as well. It was pretty sweet (as well as a great game I was glad enough to buy again). This game got me through 9/11 when I just had to stop watching TV and would play this to forgot things.
Things happen. Our thoughts are our greatest strength and weekness. Can you recall your thoughts at the time? Did you just get a bad feeling?
Some of them have good fresh local meat. Most others carry the one in opaque packaging so you don't see what you get till you open it. NEVER get meat you can't see.
A wedding ring.
I liked a lot of the training scenes also.
in conjunction when he finds the scrapbook and realizes she was still updating it for him.
Michael Bay is the master of this (I guess his films cost so much to make as it is just CGI and explosions). Transformers (especially the last 2) were just loaded with ads.
I think if they just did that for most of the movie, it would have been much better than what was released.
The credits scene of The Watchmen. It told a lot of the backstory parts of the comic with a great song and great scenes.
I wonder how much Feminists would have loved the book/movie had the wife gotten away with setting up the guy and he went to jail/put to death for it? Because obviously if a guy cheats he deserves to go to jail, deserve to die or more. This is why I often see them show so much love to the posts by girls who destroy every worldly possession by guys they 'think' cheated on them.
I choose male as my gender because I was born with the sexual parts and chromosome of a male. I don't feel dysphoria and I like how I was born. I only recently was bombarded with the notion that because some men in the past treated women like shit, I should feel like shit even if I treated them as equal to me as human beings. As such I did not grow up hating myself for being born. Does that answer the question?
Well, I kind of do agree with the point she made about Tim Roth (it's both true in fact and how he played the character as well. I think Roth was passable in the role and he usually excels at all the roles he normally plays, but this felt like it was not for him). However, (spoilers ahead) it was a great movie that had racism because it was set right after the Civil war with people in the Southern States who fought it and had a major character who was black and wouldn't kowtow to the racists. Also one of the racists still turned out to be a good guy who ended up helping the black guy. If Samuel L Jackson (who got his start as a major actor and still works with Spike Lee) has no problem with the racism QT puts in his films, then neither should this person or anyone else. He does it for a reason and every time it is purposeful.
I loved how Days of Future Past erased it and a few other movies from existing though by altering the timeline.
It's my understanding, but I might be misinformed. Edit: I was misinformed. I heard that Daniel Craig was tired after filming because he did two movies in a row and I assumed they filmed two Bond movies together.
Pretty much, Blofeld is supposed to be an ongoing character (like in the original bond films). In this case, he was arrested so it's just a matter of him being broken out of jail and continuing on.
So this is how a horse wears pants. I guess it's settled guys.
I poop in #myCalvins
Oh dear god, kill me before I get to work like that.
I don't mind being productive, but I have a tendency to get shit done and quick. Then I have too much free time on my hands and hours to go till quitting time. What else should I do?
Unless I am guaranteed sex by the person and they are attractive (especially if it doesn't matter how bad I dance). Then I will just give in and enjoy.
There is one in CT I go to because I have a step daughter and I like having her enjoy the rides. I don't care anymore myself, but it's not for me, it's for her. Also they have a water park and it's fun to just chill in the wave pool for hours while she does her thing.
This is the only time I can enjoy watching sports actually. Watch anything on TV? Fuck no, I don't give a shit. Take me to a game...GO LOCAL TEAM. Its the enjoyment of being with other people and their energy which I enjoy.
"I know" _ Towlie
Those mother truckers turned down a 1000 dollar loan when I was buying a couch for my new house. I guess I had good enough credit for a home (after the 2008 housing bubble burst), but not a couch to sit on at home.
Steve Carell deserves the Oscar for this role. Once again he proved he is an amazing actor who should get more dramatic roles.
No, I wouldn't mind having a kid, but it has to be with someone at least somewhat responsible. I knew I didn't want kids with my ex at one point because I realized she took no responsibility for either income, house maintenance (other than cooking dinner), or being a moral center for the family.
When my father died I lost it at the funeral and cried up a lot (I didn't wail, but my tears would not stop flowing). There were fucking assholes that came up to me and told me to be strong. Could you assholes give me some room to cry? I think I became even more socially inverted because of these asshats. If I can't cry at my dad's funeral, when can I cry?
The Killing Fields. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087553/
I am in a state with one of the better run exchanges and it still sucks (and made me leave the industry because they fucked up and had me lose a shit ton of clients when they dropped them for stating they never got the required documentation, yet they NEVER sent out the mailers to them). Even when I started scanning in documents for the clients, there would be issues.
Kill Bill is a pitch perfect film. While a lot will say Pulp Fiction, there is some wear and tear for me and I won't leave it on if not in the mood to sit through it. I feel a lot of it has to do with how people tried too hard to emulate it and we got clones (some good and some bad) of this exact style of film. KB however is just perfect. There is not a single bad aspect to it at all and I just see it being more watchable in 50 years than Pulp Fiction will be.
It was in the Breakfast Club Soundtrack. Sorry I took it and gave it to your Nephew.
I just left the insurance business (for the most part, keeping my license so I can still sell occasionally). I have seen a lot of fucked up shit. One company still puts out those boxes you see in the pizza store or Chinese food store where it gives out 'free' child safety kits. Once there they put on a video which tries to scare you about funeral costs and sells shitty whole life insurance. The problem with this is most people don't understand the different types of life insurance and are not sure which ones to get. Simple whole life is the most expensive vs. what you actually get upon death. The company I worked for before I left was more about pushing it's supplement insurance on every other sale you made. It was good insurance and a good alternative to Aflak (which is only for groups) while theirs was only for individuals and families, but I hated how I was supposed to push this on people who usually came to me for Health insurance after they just had their hours cut by whatever job they work for so the company couldn't pay their insurance at all.
I had a manager who learned to say "It's nothing bad" when he did this. Every manager should learn how to do this.
What's best about the "getting the other person to change" is that if you acquiesce, they will break up with you and say "You are not the same person I fell in love with".
You have to look at the whole industry and problems it has. Sorry to say, but the thousands of frivolous and fraudulent law suits drive this. I tapped a fender in my only accident. And seriously, nothing happened. Yet the asshole still sued and claimed nerve damage.
I wish InFamous was available for the PC. The PS3 is in the living room and I don't like to hang out there.
On another note: FUCK HOAs
So Basically it sounds like:, rather than understand Charlie made the show the success it was they decided to be assholes and kill him as the finale?
It was a great show to watch once, but I find no repeat value to the episodes (and we make references to the best parts anyway so no need to see it)
I would say start with the Meeseeks episode and watch the rest of the season then go back to the earlier episodes. Once you get a feel for how much better it gets, you understand why the first few episodes were missteps (still better than most everything else on TV, but below par none the less)
I just started to re-watch it for bedtime (I need something to watch to fall asleep to). It is consistently awesome. Even the worst episodes are better than 99% of the crap on TV.
I must be one of the few people that thinks it was an awesome movie. I know it gets a lot of hate for winning best picture over a few others, but it's no reason to hate the movie.
Same answer I gave to a question yesterday: When Marge Gunderson is driving Peter Stormare back to Brainerd in Fargo. Her speech just tugs at my heart so much: So that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money. There's more to life than a little money, you know. Don'tcha know that? And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day. Well. I just don't understand it.
Lola Vs the Powerman and Moneygoround is one of my top albums. When I play it for people they love it and start to groove. Then Lola (which everyone should know) comes on and their eyes just light up.
The problem with these sales is they probably cannot really afford said vacuum and bought it because of high sales pressure. They would have been fine with a 200 dollar model for a few years .
Not go to the local High School and go to the better one you have to apply to. The difference in my outlook on life would sure as hell changed and I wouldn't have been so cynical about my prospects on life.
My camp used to take us at least twice a year. At least once an outing some kid got hurt pretty bad and dozens of burns from the alpine slides from kids falling off. I miss those days.
"are you sure your not a Hobbit?"
Nope, when she got sick, she went to the best American doctors and took the same painkillers we get. That is hypocrisy for you folks.
I saw the midnight show the Thursday before the actual release because I really wanted to see it ASAP. I think I was kind of shell shocked most of the movie, then when I was driving home I just fucking lost it and cried for like 30 mins straight. It really fucked me up good for that whole weekend.
People forget that some dealers are good at their job for the most part and being good means not be glaring targets. They are dealers so they have money to pay their bills and other necessities. Also they treat it like a job just like most others treat their jobs (just with more risk). So being a decent tenant would not be a surprise.
When I got a PS3, it was the same. But then I remembered I had a laptop and would do the same with movies and browsing while playing PS3. I might actually go and play something this weekend (it's been a while since I played Journey or InFamous which I can't get on PC)
Seriously, I don't spook easy at video games and find most "horror" genre games to be terrible because they are not fun and not scary. Alien Isolation was one of the few that worked for me.
Just like Aerys Targaryen wanted to do.
I am usually one who can't tell the difference after being on this sub and reading stupid shit all the time. But there is no way this is not satire. It reads like something 4chan would do for shits and giggles.
He should play a bad guy. It would be like passing down the reigns and give him some really good publicity.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-MiF8_7xJIfY/URbFMoXHTxI/AAAAAAAAAKU/nWMEvEtnFe8/s1600/MaggieGWhyNot.gif
How about honors (listed along with honors from college)?
Something funny in /r/funny, awesome.
I'm not surprised. I have seen WAY too many 'hatchet guy' juggalo tattoos than I cared to ever see. Although I still want to go to the gathering as an observer, kind of like Dian Fossey with the chimps.
This is actually dependent on the context. Some people will just say I am sorry with such contempt that you can feel the "I am just saying this to squash the argument". When someone is saying sorry with that type of contempt, I have no problem saying "No, you are not."
It's an art house type movie with Hollywood backing. Truthfully it should not have been enjoyed by so many, but thankfully was.
Everyone wanted one. Except the people who pay the money to make movies.
It wasn't awful...It was soulless. There was never a feeling of excitement or anything else, but it's not as bad as the clone of Sin City which was "The Spirit".
There were so many time when they could have made this as great a movie as the first two. They could have kept the original story and kept Tom Hagen in by paying Duvall the money he was asking for. They could have gotten ANYONE to play the role given to Sophia. There was a few other things, but these two are the main problems.
I remember a youtube video where they point out that younger males are more likely to be snubbed or just be nominated and not win (and explained why DiCaprio still didn't win). I think Michael Jordan will eventually get an oscar, but it is going to be years from now when he is older.
Too early to tell, ask again later.
&gt; Guns, drugs, porn. That's what you get on the Dark Web. Sounds good to me.
Eggs 8/10 with rice 10/10
Mine must be defective because he acts retarded a lot of the time.
I though Uniqlo had them a few years ago again, but alas, no one bought them.
The cold war turned into a cold acquaintanceship.
Super happy with my V-Moda crossfades and they were like 75 dollars on sale on Amazon one Xmas.
Lollapalooza and when it was a traveling venue. Yes there is still a festival, but lollapalooza will always be associated with the 90s to me.
I tried through the media server itself which opens up a tab in Chrome (my main browser). I also have the Windows media center (I run win7), but I found it difficult to use (mouse would disappear and I have a multi screen setup making it cumbersome to use) Edit: I just tried the media center again and so far I got my mouse back on the secondary screens and it seems to be playing directly (as I didn't sign in). Does that mean once I sign in it will continue playing directly or will it try to stream it (going back and forth through my internet?)
This is good. Sometimes movies should NOT have sequels that bring down the original. Did anyone see Dumb and Dumber 2? If so, did you actually like it?
left over steak with eggs is awesome. The only acceptable substitute for Bacon
The Abortion is the director's cut..
Very much so. The scenes that were put back in were great scenes, but they KILL the flow of the movie.
Nah, still hate green peppers. I will accept roasted red peppers, but not order it per se.
/r/android ?
Actually when it comes to Ubisoft, I will now "test" out games before I give them my cash. Last one I spent money on was FarCry 4.
close enough.
You sure do use your tongue prettier than a 2 dollar whore.
Jedi Academy for me was awesome. I forget which one, but there dozens of cloned Jedi attacking for all sides at one point and it was just bad ass.
And it's time to get ready for work/school and you missed bedtime again.
The problem is, they keep giving it to people who are not good writer/directors (at least for this type of movie). STOP giving it to directors who have no large scale movies to their name and writers who have mostly worked on television.
I have my slingshot ready for my first free gift...
Cause nothing really matters to meeee....
Bad as it was, it fit the shitty TV style at the time. TV was really a wasteland during the 70s. There is a reason only a handful of shows really still get mentioned and shine in all that shit.
I only saw it on youtube on a channel making fun of it. WOW, What happened Kirk?
People are free to speak their mind, but other people don't need to remain friends with someone who says hateful things.
Never forgave Rivera after that. What a waste of time that was.
I am still very liberal on social issues, it's just that I understand the difference between certain issues and don't equate one with another...
tacos and movies/tv shows
Number 4 seems to be more for weed. The vial holds keef or ground up weed, the aluminum bat has one end that you pack and you smoke through the other end.
Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale...Very tasty, but stronger than I really wanted (a good 4% would have been a bit more relaxing and I could drink more and just have a nice warm feeling)
A lot of people pointed to spotlight as the surprise of the year, but The Big Short was more entertaining while still going about uncovering an important historical issue.
And rightfully lost. I think Steven Spielberg's name always gets sympathy, especially when it is a more serious movie (which I will agree this tried to be)
There used to be insults and now jokes that Atheists eat babies: https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/33fi1g/why_do_people_joke_about_atheists_eating_babies/cqkesrt The person who made the comment was just making a joke based on the actual video of the sim eating a baby. I think he/she knows that you can make the Sims anything you want.
Yarp!
And then they made a quick cash in movie... I hate when they do that.
I am an IT reseller...Chromebooks are great for schools or companies that use it strictly for their environment. Otherwise, they are very limited.
Both have some issues that are important, but OWS movement seemed more like a tailgate party during a hippy concert (and I have seen Phish and the Grateful Dead enough times to make this comparison). the BLM movement is even worse in that they take important issues (unfair treatment by police, racial profiling, ect) and turn it into a "Fuck white people" rally.
They do have more privilege, but unlike Caucasians they don't get told to check them..
“I swear to god, you could drown a toddler in my panties right now!"
Same, I feel like that Gandalf.jpg but I don't even know what to reference.
Let's face it, His casting of Eric MADE True Blood. If it had been anyone else, the show would not have even made it to 7 seasons.
Jazz hands is the new clapping.
Well let's discuss this. I will give the movie credit for one thing: The casting was AMAZING. Let's face it, Ryan Reynolds is Deadpool (and the recent movie shows this again) among other casting choices that were great: Sabertooth, The Blob, ect. The writing was ham fisted with so many cliches that just didn't work. Oh, and speaking of Deadpool, they basically went from making Wade bad-ass awesome, to a lame mute Deadpool. Unacceptable. The CGI was also a factor, it was VERY poorly done. There was a scene with a motorcycle and a helicopter and for the life of me, there was not a single part of it that felt real. Here's a hint to movie makers: if I am watching an action scene and if feels like CGI, then I will not be amazed, I will be bored.
Had it once. I am in the same boat. I don't even like bedsheets anymore because I think it hides them. I check my bed every day and threw out hundreds of dollars of items and clothes because of it.
Follow any type of sport or famous sports star. I couldn't give a shit if someone is going to break some other asshole's record, it doesn't excite me AT ALL.
CT here: they are more passionate about the Yankees/Red Sox rivalry than people from NYC or Boston
Same. Until the Disney shows came on (Duck Tales, Gummi Bears, ect), most cartoons were just commercials and poorly made. I mean, I loved them, but nothing got close to the quality of the cartoons like Looney Tunes or Tom &amp; Jerry.
Can someone explain WTF happened to John Carpenter? He made some of the greatest movies ever put on celluloid, then he started to make crap like this.
Yep. I use my desktop every day, it replaced my TV and I can just relax and enjoy looking at stuff while a movie or TV show is playing on the secondary monitor. I bought a Fire Tablet a few years ago and I don't think I used it more than a handful of times. Such a waste.
If mine wasn't stolen I would still be enjoying it. It had a few good solid re-playable games on it. Too bad Sony sucks and they make the overpriced proprietary storage for all their shit.
Porno for Pyros..... I had seen Jane's Addiction play before and they were amazing, especially the concerts they put on before they hit it big were just raging and fun and musically pleasant. I went to see PFP and while it was not bad musically, it was 50 minutes long and that was it. I guess I got used to seeing bands play for like 2 hours or 3 or 4 hours with a break between sets, but holy shit did I feel suckered. Also there was very little improvisation of the music, it was straight up, no variation.
I've never seen a more self destructive asshole than Billy. He could have been one of the greats. Instead, he just shits on his fans and thinks: well, they just don't understand me. You know what Billy, we don't want to understand you. It's been ages since you made music which resonates with anyone and then you act like a fucking diva on top of it. Fuck off.
Yea, I had bedbugs so fuck that. I hate them and fear them with a passion. Doesn't mean it's irrational. I have dart frogs and feed them fruit flies which are crawling all over and get loose a lot. I have worked also with crickets with no problems. Some insects just are so disgusting that they deserve a place on the hate and fear list.
Soooo, wait till you get home? Got it ;)
I used to do this when I had Demonoid. I don't any longer because every time I got an email from my ISP it was for things I downloaded and forgot to disconnect before I was uploading over a certain amount. I guess I can use a VPN, but I don't even have enough money to make it till my next paycheck right now.
He has a wife you know... Incontinentia...... Incontinentia Buttox....
I always used a backpack. It's great and usually comfortable and no one will give you shit and it holds more than any bag as well as being compartmentalized for easy access to your stuff.
/r/mgtow I discovered them because I was looking for inspiration to love myself even without being in a relationship (I had just gotten out of an abusive marriage where I unfortunately am stuck living with). if you go there, be prepared for some fucked up shit.
This one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSFYFVCFEyc
Especially in the US...they have so much persecution. I mean, it's not like there is a church or 20 in every town. Imagine wearing a cross open and freely in the US? that would be amazing. Also a politician or 99.9 percent of them stating they are christian? I can't even imagine.
Because you both want to fuck JGL..I understand...
I thought you meant banging and I was thinking how much easier it is now as so many more are open about their transitioning.
I don't know why. Most of them being sex positive understand asexual behavior. I know a lot of kinksters who are asexual, but enjoy some activities (and are the only activities they enjoy)
Both are great...I would also want to add 12 Monkeys as many younger people hadn't even heard of it surprisingly. I am sure most everyone here knows it though.
I mean, this was my answer and I knew someone beat me to it before I even began.
Every few weeks I binge another season, but I can not handle them all together. It makes me mad because they are all assholes.
The Price is Right failure tune: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytCEuuW2_A
Not against divorce here, but still married to someone because we bought a house together and don't have enough to do anything else yet. If I sold the house, I would still end up owing the bank money so I would still use a lot of my paycheck to pay off a mortgage, but now I don't even have the place to live anymore.
Any cute large feline gets Archer quotes: Baboo... He remembers me.... It's like meowshewitz in there.... Tuft eared asshole...
It was already appraised, the housing market where I am went down all over. I cannot break even at this point.
We already have a lot of potential personal information on our phones. Also a simple solution was proposed: the actual camera would be physically closed until you opened it with a switch, thus enabling the camera. The real treat of the GG was to give you a HUD that you can have up while still having your full vision and attention. The GG that was available was for tech people that wanted to play around with it and create applications for it and test it out. Nothing is perfect the first time (my ex had the first android phone and it was a terrible phone, even for it's time, yet I am a die-hard android user because of all the phones I played with it's the best for my uses).
Yes, both are staples. Also since he/she is malnourished, get some waxworms (they are a fatty treat and will help fatten him/her into better shap)
GTA5...I have been waiting for a while. Maybe FarCry5 (love the series, but never enough to pay full price)
Watching my step-daughter ask her mom (my ex) can she go to a therapist.
I have 90 dollars which has to last me till next Friday. I already earmarked 30 dollars for gas so I can get to work next week. It really sucks when you get behind or get some unexpected charges (I thought my Prime membership payment was in September, not June).
That's because Popeye's is where it's at.
cockatiel bites Kan be pretti nasti..
Movie: Cell Word: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
I am pro gun, but at the same time, I am absolutley for background checks and for guns being taken away if you have done anything that warrents a psychiatric check. I am sure there are a majority who feel this way, but it seems like we are stuck between "leaders" who only see black and white on these issues (as well as EVERY fucking issue we have in the states).
I imagine it is because beds are comfortable and it's easy to change the sheets after all the fluids have been expunged.
&gt; Then she said "I want a divorce." Same here. I was the abused person the relationship (even her daughter has said as much). I kept trying to make it work. In the end, my apathy to the relationship grew too much for her and she initiated the seperation.
My father in law did this.... He left his first wife (my ex-wife's mother) and left to go back to Cambodia..While there he meets a very pretty young 30 something and marries here while in Cambodia. (mind you she is about the same age as his children)... Cue to a few years ago. He just got his second wife pregnant and starts chatting with a 19yo in Cambodia and is professing his love to her and all that jazz. He left his second wife and plans to retire soon and go back to live with the 19yo in Cambodia and leave his second wife. WTF is up with some people?
A lot of fucked up parents with control issues sabatoge their kids so they can stay with them much longer than what is normal or acceptable.
&gt; once Twice...But the North Remembers
&gt; gear I would want some kink gear myself.
I think it's so close that while being very awesome and will be the number 1 item on many internet sites, it's not going to be shockingly mind blowing.
That will do it...
I think everyone should watch Going Clear (The documentary about scientology). It talks about a relationship that happened in between Nicole and Katie. It was completly set up by the heads of Scientology and when it went under, he lost his shit and she was punished and treated like shit. She also went from a promising acting career to obscurity (at least for now, hopefully we will see more of her).
It's more about getting married before you find yourself and get into a working life....
I agree with the original core philosophy of feminism. Women should be treated like men and have all the same rights as men.. NOTHING is wrong with this. The problem is that the name has been hijacked by many factions and groups with their own agenda and this creates a skewed view of how feminism works. For example, there are the TERFs...who believe transgender people are the worst. MtF transgender are males invading their spaces and FtM transgender are gender traitors...these are usually the same ones who are more against men, rather than wanting equality. There are feminists who use the label to shut down ANY discourse. There are women who are also using the label of feminism to make money (I guess this is inevidabel as in a free society there will be people of any group that will take advantage of their own). I guess the rub with me is that when I had opened up about my being abused by my ex-wife most people were understanding and sympathetic while the only two groups who were assholes to me were ultra right wing assholes who would just bash me for being abused as a male and the online feminists who would wonder what "I" did to make my wife get drunk and violently attack me.
I think that hacker known as "4chan" started it. In seriousness.. it was probably started in 4chan and went through the interwebs that way.
Are we including VoiP or no? I love having a home phone, but I hate paying for it. Google Voice is my VoiP. Great thing is that it will go to my phone when I am not home.
The Sweet, sweet call of death....Just take me already!
nope, not me. sounds hot though
It was when they actually "flame broiled" their burgers instead of just using chemicals to 're-create' the same taste.
Let's face it...it's just easier to get your lube, tens unit, and butt plug attachment in one shot.
I raise fruit flies for my dart frogs. Those fuckers reproduce fast and plentiful.
I would still take this job.
It was cringe worthy, but that is because some liberals are just as disassociated with reality as some right wing conservatives. Bill said it best: hating a religion, or all religions doesn't mean you hate the person.
You usually have to get them from breeders or certain herp stores.
http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/steven-universe/images/c/c6/Chille_Tid_143.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150620031646
:) top or bottom?
Don't worry, once their oil starts to appear to run dry and they refuse to give it to us for free we will be there dropping freedom like nobody's business.
Before it re-aired on Adult Swim I saw "Home Movies" playing on a shittly little channel on an odd time. I tried to get people to watch it, but it never came on regularly. A lot of people at the time probably thought I made it up. When it started to re-appear on Adult Swim, I was such a happy camper.
Sales here: Our job is to fuck over other people by being slimy. Nope, our job is to know the products and get you the right products for your needs/wants. Most sales are the same. There are slezzy salesman in certain sales jobs, but not every sales position is about fucking over the customer. In fact, it's usually pretty good to have a repeat customer so fucking them over is not good practice.
That's how I picture killing my enemies.
I was one of the few to love that movie. It was so fucked up and I loved it so much.
This is great example. The only new episodes I watch anymore are the Halloween episodes (as those are always good). But I also don't even watch the old episodes anymore because of the decline of the show.
I miss cocain fueled Pam. Plus, she was hardly used this season. Very disappointing.
I still love her soliloquy to Peter Stormare at the end: So that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money. There's more to life than a little money, you know. Don'tcha know that? And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day. Well. I just don't understand it.
&gt; "what are those pink pieces you have sprinkled on top?" If they were Bacos and not bacon, then they are vegan...
If you are a guy, don't get married. All the laws are pretty much against you if there is a problem.... If your ex is abusive and a liar, then you have to get proof if they make any accusations against you (basically what they say, you are guilty of and need to prove innocence). Oh, even if there is nothing wrong and you just seperate with no ill will, you might still need to pay for the 'privlege' to do so.
It really depends on the sauce. There was a place in Brooklyn that had great sauce and I used to take the leftovers home and it was good enough to eat cold. Most store-bought crap has to be hot.
Again, I was more joking with them (they knew me well). There were times I could have gotten a movie pass for the reasons you described, but never did because I know the people there and never complained (and had gone to the projector booth to chat with the projectionist who knew me well).
I lost it at Pearl's pearl necklace....
Funny thing was I sided with the song on this one.
This is such a hugh one for me. Such a romantacized song about two shitty people who only belong together because they are terrible human beings.
I plan on doing a thanksgiving in July, just to cook up a turkey and sides
&gt; windowless iron boxes below the ground mostly as the saftest place is usually the basement.
That sucks. They are a bit better now I heard, I still just download the shows I care about.
why not, were they cute?
Question, why would you post this, asking for help, then go ahead and post a similar story on a sex story sub? PS: If you are 17, the pictures of you are illegal on it's own and enough to get your brother arrested if this story is indeed real. If so, go to the police
That was even worse than the bowling ball strike sound in the Matrix reloaded movie.
http://rs707.pbsrc.com/albums/ww72/Diana_Wolfskill/Funny%20Stuff/aardvark.jpg~c200
The Wire is still considered one of the greatest shows that ever was on TV. I think we will be looking at GoT in the same way longingly. Also in 10 years the final book might come out so it will revive the show popularity again.
I think it has been about 5 times just this thread alone.
Churches are a big one that is overlooked. I live in Harlem NY for a few months. You could throw a stone blindfolded and hit a church. I lived in a building that was across the street from a militant black church where they dress like Sho'Nuff's minions.
She probably mods /r/popping
I went to a school that had both a culinary school and a farm tech school. Because of that, we were perhaps one of the only culinary schools with a full slaughterhouse. it was divided up to two sides, one is the side where the cows were killed and eviserated. Our side took the body and cut it down to it's prime cuts.
As was Bill, yet he was not the worst president (he was the first one in my recent memory who had a budget surplus as opposed to a deficit if I recall.
&gt; TPD insurance It depends on your situation. Also a lot of life insurance companies will have some TPD insurance included. But the chances of becoming disabled are not 100%. Your chances of dying are 100%. Statistically, one makes more sense than the other, but yes Disability is very important for people as well.
Third one today by my count (although I am sure I missed it in a few others) On the other hand.... ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
"I was in the unenviable position of being for the war, but against the troops." _ Bill Hicks
To be fair, that was one of the last times I found her attractive in the normal sense. I think she had too much surgery afterwards. However her sexiest was when she was in Hackers.
Seeing how they are all from the same state they have a better idea of the politician he is. They have always talked about how much they love Vermont, I would think the politics would be included in that.
He also wrote "Natural Born Killers" which surpisingly is not brought up as much. edit: sorry, he wrote the idea for the story and others wrote the actual screenplay. My bad.
I switch so I love it. As long as it's not done with hate which I too often see in femdom with male subs
On my head, about an inch and a half. I was playing tarzan and grabbed my window shade cord and tried to swing on it. My forehead hitting the radiator gave me my most bad-ass scar.
Let's face it, I'm getting GTA 5 today. I'll have to wait for Winter to get the shittier games when money get's a bit better. Edit: I know GTA 5 is not a lesser known game...I was stating I am skipping the lesser known games for GTA 5 now that is at a decent price point.
I also see it as projecting....They think you would cheat on them, because in their head they have no problem with sleeping with someone else while being with you.
I guess I can buy 100 homes in Flint MI.... But I would buy a car instead.
Chick Flick?...how fucking dare you.... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sandman_(Vertigo)
Great movie, but not this (guy dies and is in limbo...he has to defend the decision to go onward in death or get reincarnated to try again. He falls in love and it's clear that the woman he loves will go onward while he looks like he is going to be screwed and reincarnated).
Prolapse porn...I just don't understand...I guess I was never meant to.
I've never seen a person on a Jet ski or snow ski unhappy.
Preferablly both.
Sansa Stark....She let the dogs out..
I would post there, but I doubt it will ever be seen...
He played the main role in the swedish movie versions of the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. He was also the bad guy in the 4th Mission Impossible movie. Great actor.
Butthole surfers: Human Cannonball https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URhJP1DEbE0
Same and I don't know why....
At least till I get home.
So many people saying Jewelry, but then they find out the resale value is SOOO fucking low. You might get a fraction of the 'retail' price. I would go to the apple or microsoft store and grab as many item as I could. Even at a reduced price, the profit would be much better for resale if factory sealed.
Grab some iPhones, great re-sale value for unopened.
Imagine how much worse his life would have been had he stayed and then realized how crazy she and the rest of her family was?
http://wac.450f.edgecastcdn.net/80450F/banana1015.com/files/2013/03/Cobra-Commander.png?w=600&amp;h=0&amp;zc=1&amp;s=0&amp;a=t&amp;q=89
Also a new user for one day.....something fishy is going on here. Edit: It even appears as if the submissions are one STILL on the front page...This has to be a new bot.
Well, BoJack, surely, even you would agree that the troops are heroes. I don't agree to that. Maybe some of the troops are heroes but not automatically. I'm sure a lot of the troops are jerks. Most people are jerks already, and it's not like giving a jerk a gun and telling him it's okay to kill people suddenly turns that jerk into a hero.
Try to cold brew it. Much like cold brewed iced tea you get the flavor w/o the bitterness.
I would like to watch an updated version on a channel that could show you the sex and nudity.
Well that's just to big a gang bang for me, so unless I get in under the 100 in order, I might have to rethink this whole thing.
&gt; a really decent person. I love his movies and see them all but this is debatable. He can come across as charming and decent in his 'public' persona, but a lot of stuff about his life within the church of scientology.
http://i.imgur.com/jv9MUY3.jpg
It was not a slog for me either, but once you get into the rhythm of the show, going back it's even better.
I have been on and off myself. But they say it is worse if you were overweight as a child. It also fucks you up mentally when you are an overweight kid. I still have social anxiety because of it.
Poussey's death hit me hard, especially since I watched it after watching Season 3 of BoJack Horseman....it was too much man.
It's an actual stone with writing on it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosetta_Stone
Just got the idea reversed, a perfectly logical mistake.
If I recall from both the book and movie, they tried the scenario (probably altered a bit) before. It had worked for some time, but then he reverted back.
It was a last push effort and he knew it, even the wildlings who followed Jon knew it, they went with it as they owed their life to Jon. The few houses that did side with Jon understood it was probably a futile push, but knew their time was up anyway as they would not pledge their allegiance to Ramsey Bolton. Jon's only acted foolish when Rickon was killed, seeing your brother killed in front of you would make anyone a bit crazy.
Truthfully at this point in my life I just want to be a third, I don't want to get into the full, every day relationship dynamic at first.
At this point he will have already appointed one, I am sure he will get a second shot towards nominating a second one. In addition, by the time a law comes up that can reverse the decision, it will be later in his term so this is why it is a good prediction. PS: I put original "can do anything", it was supposed to be "Can't do anything"
Out on the streets, yes, less obnoxious. At his rallies? well, that was one of the best ways to turn me against him.
Hold up, I'm still tying this noose for myself....
I have sensitive skin so I have a shit cat...I just pick him up and wipe my butt with the cat. Now the trick is you don't want to get the shit everywhere so it works better with a really docile cat, don't get one of those crazy cats that thrash otherwise he/she will escape and get shit everywhere and you don't want that. Trust me... Once your butt is clean, you need to throw your cat in the shower. Make sure you have those showers that close, not just one with a curtain. I did have a washing machine in the bathroom for a while, but you start to lose cats quickly that way (those docile cats seem to be pretty fragile).
&gt; Yojimbo I was going to say the Seven Samurai myself.
He used to creep me out when he was on "Head of the Class", to find out that he was the producer of those Nick shows just made me realize that he probably did diddle those girls.
I know, but the movie was less interpretable than the album and more in-your-face about what everything is about.
You first got to the minor leagues, aka, the casting couch. You do some seedy porn, then the big guys look at those tapes and decide if you are ready to take on James Deen.
I think they are trying to focus on quality (or some form of quality). At least they will do better than the first attempt (I think there was a shitty Dracula movie that was made and then they abandoned using it as a springboard and decided to try the Marvel route by caring about the quality)). They already have Javier Bardem as Frankenstein's Monster and Johnny Depp as the Invisible Man and I stated before, they have Crowe as Jekyll in The Mummy already so I think they will make a movie with him. They do seem to want to make quality and since they are not running against Marvel like DC is doing and playing catch up, there is a chance the quality will be there.
&gt; Underworld: Blood Wars. No one wanted, no one cares, it's dead already. I have to say that it depends. They don't make them with a lot of money so it is easy to recoup their money back. Their last movies made money because there is a loyal group of people that like the story (even if it sucks now).
And I'm trying to hold on to my past It's been so long I don't think I'm gonna last I guess I'll just try And make you understand That I'm more horse than a man Or I'm more man than a horse (BoJack!)
At that point, I would get a home system that is much more (range between 2k-5k dollars)
&gt; slytherins are in the dungeons No one else was into kinky playtime I guess :(
Yea, but to be fair, there are many jobs people have that people don't think about in your muggle world...
That 40L backpack is now a 50 gallon backpack.....
&gt; pay attention I mean, Michael Caine is saying this RIGHT in the beginning...
I still think Kubo and the Two Strings was the better movie this year, I think it deserved the Golden Globe.
"God was testing me" _ asshole
Fuck....every day I see my step daughter and am so grateful I ended up being the step dad rather than some fucktard who would want to molest her (considering how my ex was, it was a possibility)
Reminds me of what happened at my step daughter's school: someone photoshopped a guard's head onto a porn hub screenshot...It was obviously a joke, but kid was found out and expelled (then changed over to a suspension for time served out of class)...
/r/meirl
Shhh...I want to live in my fantasy fast travel/teleportation world..
The best was the parody speech she gave in Gremlins 2...
Not strange, but funny.... I was going out with my roommate to go pick up some food. She grabbed some old sneakers that were under the kitchen table and she started to yell at me: "why is your dog putting his dog food in my shoe?!". I told her to slowly put down the shoe just in case, she looked at me with wide eyes when she realized where I was going with this and threw it in the air and ran a few feet away. We have had a small mouse problem the previous couple of months and the dude must have been storing it in her sneakers for later...
scarves...it got a lot better when I switched to neck gaitors
I'm 42 and still get no recognition as EMPEROR of the Galaxy...
I have a pizza cutter and it is super sharp and great...The thing is you need to spend the money it takes to get a good one and keep the case so it doesn't get dull.
Grindewald?
You guys already had Emperor Norton who I concede was the Emperor of the United States
So if I visit and rent a car and get the car rental insurance I can basically play like I am in GTA real life?
My ex keeps telling my daughter this. I want to punch her every time she does this.
My dog can jump over my backyard fence...I think the fucker is part rabbit.
I do, she already stated to her doctor that other than her friends that I am one of the only people she confides in and talks things out...
Great, now she's dead because you didn't go out on a second date...ARE YOU HAPPY?
So can being in a place where you are an easy target for rape, intimidation, have your food taken, or just beaten up because you are a nobody.
Alt.sex.bondage was the shit, too bad my connection sucked.
Most people are saying it APPEARS to be mostly consensual sex, but as someone else pointed out, you might be compelled to "consent".
Girls have anuses as well, maybe YOUR the gay person here...
Maybe I am the gay one.
Maybe death would be better :(
Oh, I agree with that. It pisses me off just here on Reddit when the gloaters come out. At least I understand WHY Hillary lost than go crazy blaming it on EVERYONE is Racist or that Russia was COMPLETELY at fault.
Do you still need help or did you figure it out eventually?
Until the sweet death of alcohol poisoning releases me from this hell that the world will have to endure for at least 4 years.....
For some reason I was put into a normal English class one semester (in a school where normal was below the grade level in other schools)...the teacher realized I didn't belong there so instead of doing a report on the other books in the list she "recommended" this piece of shit. Wrote my essay straight w/o saying how fucking terrible it was and got my "A" and made sure I was able to get into the better English classes in the future.
You need to adopt them out otherwise it will overcrowd the habitat. Sometimes the mother will eat the young if overcrowded.
The ones from Walmart are amazingly cheap and have been rated a bit better at keeping drinks colder.
It almost felt like a fuck you to him...oh, your going to quit the show to go on and do some important political work? Fuck you, you're dead to us now.
I use vet wrap...it's really cheap if you live in a more rural area and can go to the feed stores..
If I gave you another idea would it kill you?
Well I am what I eat :)
Reminds me that RR Martin was asked why his females seem so believable in his books and his reply was "I treat them as human beings" (I might be paraphrasing). A lot of shows have few women writers and a lot of male writers might have some baggage that carries over to their characters.
I don't know....if you only look at it from when the show starts, then yes, she had a reason.. If you go back to earlier in their relationship and if she was just as bitchy, then no, Fuck her. Walter sold his stake in a multi-million dollar company to provide for her and their kid who was just incubating. She should be feeling guilty and humble that he would drop everything to get a more steady income.
I think a lot of critics just felt that it was the same movie and based it on that fact alone...kind of unfair, but it's a truth that repetitiveness is frowned upon.
I remember liking this as it was my first single malt...I guess it was more safe for a first timer than anything..
It goes from interesting to pretty depressing/creepy pretty quickly...
Didn't feel like that in English...
Don't be surprised when it turns into physical assault..
Watch it again with the notion that SHE was responsible for why he was a bad kid...
Remove the scene with Christopher Walken from Pulp Fiction....The scene with Bruce will make no sense...
That's okay, I'll let my 20 dollar snake loose and he can take care of the problem eventually...
Ted 2 was a great movie...
There are certain tarps that can go down to the ground for those that would be more comfy that way...
150 for labor is not a bad mark-up...
Law Abiding Citizen...Jamie forced them to change the ending and we got no satisfying closure. I'm sorry Jamie, your character was an asshole and didn't deserve to live either...
Nope, the DNC underestimated how much Hillary is HATED by most of the country. They may have thought Trump was a joke, but a lot of the RNC did the same themselves.
As a member of Hufflepuff, I am greatly disturbed by this video...
I caught it on PBS one Saturday evening during a blizzard...such a great movie. I have told people La La Land was the best musical since UoC...
What was it supposed to be about?
My company's HQ is in NH. I would go there, but again, there is the house issue (and it's not just up to me, I co-own it with my ex. We haven't even gone through the divorce yet because of the house situation)
Yea, a better actor would have at least made it enjoyable to watch despite how dumb it was. Also Will Smith was terrible in it which is something he normally stays away from being...
Yes...season 3 is kind of a snoozefest, but season 4 makes up for it. I hope season 5 is good. I might find out the next weekend we have where the weather is bad.
Yea, once I hit 40 I became a lot more selective on what I can go on. The human body was only meant to take so much when you hit a certain age.
my sweet summer child....one year on Reddit and this is your JR cherry pop?....you should check out the Swamps of Degobah
It goes: "Boooo, not cool" first...
No Cyril Literally!
A lot of The Police songs are dark as hell....
http://imgur.com/Br00TCn
I was thinking a tricked out Subaru that is set up for racing would actually look pretty good if it matches the car colors...
This is good. I will boycott them and make sure that we get the internet involved...let's see if they will continue to support them when sales drop and people lose jobs..
I met my ex-wife and switched from being poly to being monogamous because she was mono and expected the same. As a guy I was okay, I had no problems. After the relationship, I found out she cheated on me while I had been faithful the entire. Mayim has NO clue what she is talking about in this subject and should stop before she embarrasses herself anymore...
It doesn't mean HE didn't have anything...it's a lot harder to transmit certain STIs through oral.
I've had asshole cats, smart cats, dumb cats, the greatest cat in the world and if you ever say anything against her I will CUT you.... cats are like human, very independent, but they also pair bond and will bond with a human very well and can be great companions.
Jewish background here....I can't really recall WHEN, but as a lover of science I just couldn't rationalize believing in a 'supreme being'. Especially when the books keep treating him as an asshole with behavior problems...
The original FarCry....I heard nothing about it, just decided to get it one day....it was such a strange first person shooter, but had some of the best graphics for it's time in a tropical paradise. When I got to research lab and had to deal with monsters I was floored.
The gift that keeps on giving....
Optimism gets shit done. Pessimism stops stupid shit from getting done.
Sorry, but they start "Thinking" about sexual thoughts much earlier. For many 11-12 yo is the age the hormones start coming in to change their bodies. If you don't do it at that time, then you risk your kids becoming sexual before you have a chance to talk to them.
I'd feel bad for Barron and his wife (to a degree)...but such is life....also I think the vice president would be a lot more willing to allow congress to declare the President incapable of continue office and announce him as president.....
No, he would have went to the rescue pod without a care in the world. Do you think he would sacrifice himself for his wife or kid (other than the model daughter who he wants to bang)?
There was this random girl who got on the train I was in (it was not rush hour so it was just me and her). All I could think about was I hope she's a lesbian because the thought of any guy who is not me being with her would just kill me. I also don't know why I thought this. I am a very open polyamorus so this thought was alien to me...it was just she was one of the hottest girls I ever saw and as I kept looking (trying not to stare) it hit me was was NOT wearing any makeup either. Nothing. I hated that I didn't go up and talk to her, but I would think going up to a girl on an empty train, even being her height, would be creepy and possibly scary.
As a guy, I don't think so. If it doesn't work out, you are going to get fucked one last time by the courts if not...5 years sounds right to me before you commit to something that can ruin you if you find out that you shouldn't have gotten married..
I have a feeling that this question is just to see if you can think on your feet.
Why do we fall Master Wayne?
hot
Yea, it made me sad. I don't know if I want to watch it again. Much different feeling than Steve Zizzou which cheers me up at the end.
Everything I have read about huskies is that they are stubborn mother fuckers...
Really OP, I need to know as well, this shit is really fucking with me and will affect my work today...
Just go, Well I was thinking how hot it would be if you made out with her....gauge her reaction...
Then I would start planting drugs and child porn in their cars and call the police on them...then pay other inmates to make sure they die as horribly as possible.
Get excited about going back to third grade ^/jk
didn't see what the fuss was about till that gif...
That's the thing that was closer to a carrot...your coworker is the thing..don't let it take over anyone else..you should kill it by flamethrower...
I thought not...it's not a meme heard much outside of Reddit...
Window shopping for the shut-in
I refuse to say on the grounds it can held against me, but let's just say I put on eyepatch when I do venture there...
When you are eating a girl out, play with your penis a bit. It keeps you hard and ready to enter when it is time.
I wonder whats on TV right now?
Incontinetia Buttox
To put this in perspective of people who don't watch Futbol (Soccer here in the states), it would be like the Yankees playing Boston in Yankee Stadium and losing 35 to 5....not just a blowout, but a ridiculous high scoring blowout....
Outside of celebrity endorsement, Hillary didn't have many 'open' supporters who were flying her flag or putting her bumper sticker on their cars. Most people who voted for her saw it as a vote against Trump, not a vote for her. She was the best choice at the end, but a terrible choice. She might have been the establishment choice, but not the people's choice and she lost because of it.
I remember following everything online from NYC...it was a surreal experience and I have to admit, Boston was calmer about certain things than NYC would have been. Especially the police going door to door warrentless (and most everyone I have heard didn't care, they understood the situation and were okay with it at the time).
Just re-watched "The Birds" a few weeks ago.
&gt; You don't do it for you, you do it for them. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yG8caPPY1Y
I can go to a live event and enjoy it quite a bit because you feel the energy of the team and the crowds. Watching sports on TV is (if I can quote George Carlin) like watching flies fuck.....
One is Batman, the other is Wolverine...who the fuck do I root for?
We have meat pies...in the midwest they are called Pasties if I am not mistaken. We are also fans of chicken or turkey pot pie and shepherds pie...more so at home than in our fast food...
I like the Chinese magician, he didn't hurt anyone.
I played it on google this morning, does that count?
Due to the cheap cost of ground beef at Walmart, I have been living off tacos for like 2 months now...
Tandoori Chicken and Naan bread for me, add a mango lhasa to that as well
That scene was directed by Heath. Nolan just gave him a camcorder and let him do his thing...
What sucks about this is that it doesn't solve the problem, it will just disperse the problem people to other schools and turn them into shit holes... They need to man the fuck up, fire this racist teacher then threaten to expel any person who protests by stopping other people from going to classes. If they do this, the school will have a problem for the next few years and they will make some budget cuts, but the school will prevail in the long run...
Let's get these other piggies wiggling!
It's still overpriced and very few things make it worth it....
I was dreaming about my ex before we got together and somehow I traveled back in time, but I was my young age with a younger body so I went to where she lived and she flat out rejected me. Didn't want to hear that we were going to get married... I think my subconscious was telling me that it was not going to happen and I should get out of the relationship now. Instead I let it drag on much further...
1: A lot of money....enough to just say fuck it to regular society and my job would be enjoying life 2: a larger and more sensitive penis (size is great, but if it gets desensitized, then it's of no use) 3: for the presidency and all legislative branch (congress/senate) seats to be cursed and anyone who is out to use it for their own needs and not help the people will die a horrible death that will last a month and during that time they will bleed out of every orifice.
Avengers 2....it was not bad IMO, it's just that it was no where near as good as the first one.....I still consider the original one of the top 3 Marvel movies of all time. I think A2 was just lacking...I think had Joss fought harder to have the full 3 hour vision (pun intended) that he originally wanted, it might have been there, but as it was released, it was perhaps one of the low points of the Marvel movie universe.
I think the biggest problem with this is that the president always has to work with his generals and NONE of them will ever give the advice to have them withdraw from any location. As such, they will always listen to their General's advice knowing it's bullshit, but unable to change it.
He's probably one of the few people at his level who can do it....even killing him would destroy Scientology finally.
Both sides have a lot of intolerant people that would rather insult than debate. On Reddit I have been called both a Trump shill and a Hillary shill because things are not black and white and giving simplistic answers or arguments doesn't help at all and does nothing for rational discourse.
Why are you wearing that stupid bunny costume?
In their time, she already had the breakthrough and Cooper had already done his time accelerating space journey and tesseract space walk. It already happened. (just mull that one over)...You have to subscribe to the time travel theory that you can't change the past because it already happened. They don't question it, as it was what was meant to be. If they tried to do something else a paradox would arise and they would not be able to do anything (and might not exist). Did you see Arrival? It kind of has the same theme. You can't change the past as it already happened (won't say more in case you haven't seen it)
Yes, but Catlyn was his wife...he could have told her the truth, especially later, or like when he was leaving Winterfell..... "Cat....I am going to break a promise I made to my sister and tell you something. You must promise me here, you will never speak of it to anyone or even me again........"
Until I started watching Top Gear I never heard of ANY of these companies...
Reminded me of the place near where I grew up...I would often go with my parents to this place to eat, so everyone there knew us and by extension myself. They knew we tipped good (we even tipped the water boy because he was a cool dude). One day I went in with a friend and we ate and had a nice meal. The guy there was new and kind of not really dealing with us too well and was giving us dirty looks (we were young, about 13, but still good patrons there). I put 5 bucks down on the table before I even got the check and was waiting for the waiter to return and give it to us. He finally comes and says, I am glad to see you aren't running out on your check, but it's going to be more than 5 dollars, I hope you have enough money to cover the cost! We were kind of shocked and said yea, of course, this was the tip...he just said, yea right and left the check and walked off. Before we went to the counter to pay, I took the 5, went to the water boy and gave it to him and told him to thank the waiter as it was originally his and told him the story of how rude he was. Even better, a few weeks later I go back with my parents. Guy comes up and then apologizes to me in front of my family and I tell him it's fine. The water boy then comes up and tells us he almost got fired because a lot of people complained because he treated a lot of kids like that, not realizing we are all good customers because we come in all the time with our parents and know how to be respectful patrons...A few good customers did stop going and they lost some business.
People will get into good discussions with you. They also won't automatically agree with everything you said because they either want to fuck you or be intimidated by you.
I would say the car scene where the ludes hit him right as he needs to drive home...I laughed quite a bit at that one...
Seconded...such an enjoyable movie...
But what if I am feeling suicidal? I sometimes feel like maybe it would just be better if I die, but I don't want to kill myself so I will just live life with the chance that I can die at any second.
CT here, quite a few numerous sightings of rich famous people just coming into their stores and getting normal shit..Was in a liquor store when Rob Zombie came in and bought some liquor and just walked out. He lives in that town I believe.
Actually banana slices would be perfect....
...but the worst thing I ever done: I mixed up all this fake puke at home and then I went to this movie theater, hid the puke in my jacket, climbed up to the balcony and then, t-t-then, I made a noise like this: hua-hua-hua-huaaaaaaa - and then I dumped it over the side, all over the people in the audience. And then, this was horrible, all the people started getting sick and throwing up all over each other. And I never felt so bad in my entire life!
You should read up on how a car works...it's not really that hard. Then you know either what is wrong or know at least enough to tell if your mechanic is bullshitting you.
Well it's true...he should have wore a white linen ensemble instead. Like this: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/25/f4/da/25f4da35eca0e091860e205c5046307a.jpg
This is actually why many open marriages and swingers do better than regular relationships.....it also doesn't mean poly relationships are the best thing in the world and infallible like I have seen some people proclaim. It's all about communication and talking things out like adults.... But like, she could have been like, that couple downstairs is hot...would it be weird to say I want to fuck that guy...of course that means you get to fuck that hot girl.....and then go from there....some people can handle it, others can't...but to just cheat is fucked up....
Some people are super fearful that a fire will start by keeping it plugged in.
Did it effect the outcome? Joe Piscopo did the same thing and he got slammed by the judge and ended up with one of the most one sided settlements in history.
On it's own, it was better than most movies. The biggest problem was it paled so much in comparison to the original 2. Also the daughter and that tan motherfucker are just horrible as actors/actresses that it ruined some crucial scenes.
A normal reaction, I assure you
That is normal and tasty. Ketchup is not to be eaten with most foods.
CREW EXPENDABLE
The good scenes are still classics. The bad scenes are a good look into some bad 80's style movie motif. I remember the biggest problem that Scarface had was the pacing and scene transitions were terrible.
I always tell people I had a crush on Drew when I saw her in ET and then I get some weird looks....then again, I was the same age as her when I saw it in the theaters.
RACK
I imagine she will do a sex tape to get back into the limelight.
They tend to go to the kink events to show off their hippies skills and fuck....
by numbers of course...Do you not want 30 billion saber tooth tigers roaming around?
I read this in Rick Sanchez' voice....
I would love to see that.....it would be like a world in Rick and Morty
Yea, I don't get heated anymore at people. I would rather get mad at situations and other things, but yelling and carrying on during an argument doesn't solve anything, it just means you don't want to fix any problems, you just want to hurt the other person.
Are you Cinderella?
Now is not the time for fear....that comes later...
I will tend to take one, then wait a good hour or two to see if there are any left over before I take another one...
As well as the humvee ride/ambush and then the kidnapping video. The first movie was VERY well done.
I feel like a lot of these are hitting on the problems my ex has with the raising of my step-daughter and she doesn't get it...
I would try on so much clothing and see how sexy I can be.
I don't know the reason, but I don't care...I love trying to get dogs and cats yawning by yawning at them...
Since you have a few million dollars can you buy me an underquilt? I can hang with you during your "wanted" day and we can have fun out in the woods together....
The ending of 2 fucked me up. it was super sad....
She is okay, she definitely needs therapy and wants therapy, but she is a good, smart kid who has a lot of online friends and a few at school.
&gt; Eh this kinds works. At least you won't get sued for **Darth** plagiarism. FIFY
Supposedly Avatar 2 will feature a new 3D effect that will eliminate the need for glasses. I am skeptical as these have been talked about for YEARS, but Cameron is a very tech savvy dude...
At least E:D was honest about what it was and what it did and did promise they would keep adding things over the next few years (which they kept that promise). NMS was promising the world and couldn't even deliver a city.
This is why I am against "outdoor" cats....Yes, cats might have skills to live in the wild, but it doesn't mean they all can survive in the wild. At least build an outdoor enclosure if you want your cat to have some outside time.
Not sure what happened (I was kind of out of loop for a lot of the stuff)
I bought a ship for Star Citizen already just to see the progress and support the Devs...I figure, fuck it, I am supporting them and playing way early alpha.
It's a weird movie. It's not good, but it's well made and I enjoyed it for that reason alone.
Right after 9/11 he was riding high. Then he squandered his good will to get us into a war many liberals were against and his approval ratings were MUCH lower. This is when the Dixie Chicks called him out.
I liked Iron Fist...I guess everyone was so down on it that my expectations were so low.
I felt both were maligned more than they deserve.
