Thinnest *and* sexiest
&gt; Nearest match for jony is Jonathan Ive: Petition to add /u/autowikibot to approved?
Haha, I think i know too well how isolated it is, considering I live here lol
Contrary to popular belief, Canadians and Quebecers usually get on quite fine. Plus, we wouldn't be able to take credit for glorious poutine without them!
That and the subredditdrama post
Did you read his comment?
&gt;looks better They are not even comparable, Apple watch looks professional, the pebble time looks like a toy. &gt;works just as well if not better If all you want is better battery and waterproof... Then sure. But if you're taking into account display, build quality, fitness aspects, more and better apps, refined software, innovative features, aesthetics, customer service, well known brand, etc...then no.
Like what?
&gt;The Spanish Navy prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers, but Spain eventually decided against sending it. Negotiations ceased on March 25, and the following day, Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno. The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat. Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns. This was known as "the turbot war." I think Canada did the right thing, trying to stop overfishing
Your phone can't take your heartbeat and isn't as accurate. Plus, it's much easier to see the information when it's on your wrist.
No matter what your opinion (which I think is stupid) on the watch is, you're already wrong. It sold a million units in the first day, and continues to sell 30 000 a day. That's far from a flop. &gt;It's just a redundant gadget that's fun to play with for a while until the novelty wears off and you fall back to the necessities like your iPhone. As someone who actually *owns* one and isn't making baseless comments, you're definitely wrong. I've found tons of uses for it, and I'm excited to see the future of the device.
Damn dude, you're really on the Apple hate bandwagon, aren't you? Apple has always waited to reveal sales numbers until their next event (WWDC), and if sales analysts are correct, this things *already* generated billions in sales for Apple.
Proof?
Except Edmonton's actually a nice city...
Hilaruous! How long did it take you to come up with that one, an hour? Wouldn't be surprised, people like you have the intelligence of a 6 year old.
I think the largest company in America knows what they're doing...
Launching a new product category would take significant research, R and D, and decision making by experienced people with various business degrees. Apple is known for making slow, but correct steps.
It's like Christmas time!
Yeah, the guy wasn't a sovereign citizen, he just didn't speak the language and misunderstood what was happening.
This sub will up vote anything negative that has to do with Apple. It's kinda pathetic, really.
Are we really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
What an uninformed and stupid thing to say.
&gt; More locally, it has 4GB of onboard storage Hilarious you say that, Apple Watch has double the storage. Shows that you don't really know what you're talking about.
Yeah, but you can use the rest of the storage for everything else, like pictures and apps.
It's calibrated to track your steps, which can then determine distance.
Yeah, it's event time, so all the Android fanboys come here and fill this sub with shit. Happens every time there's an Apple event.
If not your phone and your watch are connected to the same wifi network, you don't need your phone in your pocket. For example, you can leave your phone in your bedroom and use your watch in the backyard
Buy things on iTunes?
It's either Apples or Googles. Pick one.
Don't forget Apple!
Canada as well
Nah, but Imagine Dragons is doing great
I'm not saying it's useful for everybody, I was just trying to say it's not useless either, like OP said they were.
Oh man, it's everywhere.
As a Canadian: shit.
What the fuck?
Jim B signs his name because Jim B is awesome.
Go fuck yourself
Yeah, you're right. We should've just stood by and watched as Germany took over Europe and killed millions of innocents.
Did you just switch from French to English mid sentence?
Yup, looks like Edmonton.
Nope, but the YouTube video was uploaded from the actual motorcyclist. edit: unfortunately the video has been removed from YouTube.
I have a French exam tomorrow, so I'm studying the best way I know how: With reddit, haha I'm from Edmonton, and I think I like it too much to move somewhere else haha. Always wanted to visit Montreal though!
Apparently the driver was 15, and was practicing after getting her learners. Went too far into the intersection after a red light, freaked out, and reversed without looking apparently haha.
Yeah what your friend did was stupid, but what Malaysia is suggesting is just insane. They should just fine him for being nude or whatever then give him back to Canada. Otherwise I hope our government steps in.
&gt; Free form icons like on Android (each one has a different shape). Oh, god! The horror!
The video was as long as the gif, and AFAIK he said nothing.
As someone who lives in North America but not the United States, I've never heard anyone call our continent "America." It's sounds unbelievably stupid. Americans aren't called "United States of Americans," they're just called "Americans," and everyone I know who says "America" is talking about the U.S. If you're referencing the continent, you sound like a pretentious douchebag. -sincerely, an angry Canadian.
Awesome, thanks dude
But spreading misinformation (that the watch doesn't even last a day) isn't helping anyone.
Same as Canada
If you watched the presentation you would've seen "AC/DC" on the iPhone demo.
If you're concerned about the number of ports then the laptop isn't for you. They still offer other alternatives with more ports, so there's really no point in circlejerking. Edit. Kinda disappointing that the Apple circlejerk has leaked over into this sub.
What a damn fucking shame.
I was just lurking the sub. Never even been to Montreal, so I have no idea how you guys speak haha
If all of Androids fanbase is smug assholes, they really need to work on their reputation and way they have discussions and arguments.
Same here. Got first gen, sucked ass, never buying another one. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
That's not what I meant. Someone who doesn't know what they're talking about isn't an asshole, they're just ignorant. Someone who *does* know what they're talking about but is being smug and elitist, *is* being an asshole, and I'd take the ignorance over assholeishness anyday. To suggest I need psychiatric help is just using Ad Hominem, untrue, and quite frankly insulting. I really thought the users of /r/SiliconValleyHBO who seem to be tech enthusiasts would at least acknowledge Apple's advantages over its competition, but I guess reddit's circlejerking trumps logic.
http://www.reddit.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/comments/3931ci/my_friend_was_geeking_out_over_the_new_apple/cs0k6ju
That's the kinda place I'd wanna move to when I get old and retire.
Wait what spiders
I really hope he's just going through an 'edgy' phase
Being murdered is a helluva lot different than being killed in an accident.
Yeah, what's with the above average amount of Canadians in Cabo? I definitely noticed it when I was there
We're really just upvoting circlejerk posts now?
You realize their not harmless jokes, they're actually serious, right?
No, but posting images of imgur admins on their sidebar just because they're overweight *is* serious, and tbh it screams mental disorder.
NASA actually uses the metric system
And your insecurities are continuing to show. Have fun compensating for your shitty life by making fun of strangers!
Seriously. Why the fuck is this in /r/pics?
Windermere?
/r/circlejerk
Dude I know you're insecure about your body, but do you really have to bully complete strangers to feel better about yourself? And I hope you realize that even people who aren't fat can see how rancid and toxic you and your community are, because I'm pretty average when it comes to weight. Get the fuck out of this website you fucking douchebag, and have a nice fucking day. I know I will, because I'm not constantly judging strangers to feel better about myself.
When did I say I was offended? All I said was I've had enough of seeing this /r/fatpeoplehate shit on my front page lately, and I'm getting pretty fucking annoyed by it. It sounds like you're the offended one.
I'm judging him for because he's an asshole. Just because someones fat, doesn't mean they're an asshole. But you wouldn't know that, because you're also an asshole, clearly.
Ah, so I can see you're just gonna give immature responses, and not respond like an adult. Here's your average /r/fatpeoplehate user everybody, can't even hold up an argument.
Yup, you?
Then maybe don't shove your beliefs down all of reddit's throats? Oh wait, if you hadn't done that, your shitty sub wouldn't have been banned!
I just told you why it wasn't hypocrisy, but I'm beginning to believe that you're not intelligent enough to comprehend what I'm trying to get through to your thick head. I think the person representing the subreddit /r/fatpeople*hate* is the hate monger-er, not me. Have a nice day, I won't be responding to any further comments, no matter how dense they are.
Ad Hominem, nice. I'm not gonna respond to any more of your comments, before I lose my sanity.
Most people under 20 still know what Jurassic Park is...
You can't take the 2 seconds to look at the sidebar? Are you that lazy?
Yes it is... You just tap the button at the top right and slide down to sidebar. Literally 2 seconds...
Agreed. One of the best looking of these types of games, but it just isn't fun, unless you're a fallout fanboy I guess. One of the coolest things is the 3D perspective on the rooms when you pan around. Looks awesome.
Anyone got a link to it?
Don't tell me you're an /r/fatpeoplehate-er...
The reason /r/coontown and similar subs weren't banned was because they weren't constantly harassing other users and leaking from their subs. The amount of times I saw /r/fatpeoplehate berate and make fun of strangers for no reason was astonishing. They also brogaded constantly. e. downvoted for being right, stay classy reddit
Yeah, considering West Ed is the biggest mall in North America, and I see these concerts all the time, this is totally believable.
Haha same thing happened to me!
Not if you look at metro areas. Then Calgary only has around ~100k more at most. Edmonton is actually the fastest growing city in Canada.
Which is funny because Chong is actually from Edmonton. I always knew Edmonton was better...
Ayy, my city. How'd you like Edmonton?
Edmonton hasn't been the murder capital for like 5 years bro our crime rate has dropped durastically
I know. I thought this shit was over, but I guess the stranger-hating douchebags who were supposed to be at voat came back to annoy us all.
It's Samesung, of course they're gonna copy Apple
I don't know, some people go as far as to blaming him for *everything* wrong with Canada.
Remember kids, sort this post by controversial to get the best results
Nah, FPH tried to but failed.
Ah, a perfect example of what I was talking about. How's the Voat life?
&gt; Justin Bieber As a Canadian, he was fine before. It was when we gave him to America that he turned into a shithead haha
Edmonton as well
But that's if you build it yourself, something he already said he didn't want to do...
&gt;I never said anything to the contrary You implied it, otherwise you wouldn't have replied to OP. &gt; could get like 4 newer games New games cost exactly the same on PC as they do on console. Sure, steam sales happen like 3 times a year, but most of the time brand new games aren't included, and they certainly wouldn't be 1/4 of the price as on console. Stop making stuff up, like I said, they both have positives and negatives. This isn't /r/PCmasterrace.
sick reference bro
&gt; It has nothing to show for its praise in terms of contribution on the global scale I stopped into reading there
You mean besides the hundreds of millions of dollars of aid and peacekeeping, among thousands of scientific contributions including the telephone, insulin, and the light-bulb, right?
http://www.ayva.ca/blog/2011/07/01/five-canadian-contributions-to-science/ &gt;The First Incandescent Light bulb. Henry Woodward, then a medical student in Toronto, patented the first incandescent lamp with a light bulb in 1874. Credited as the “true” inventor of the incandescent light bulb, Woodward sold his patent to Thomas Edison in 1885. &gt;The First Practical Telephone. Alexander Graham Bell made the first long distance phone call in 1876 with his “electrical speech machine” (now known as a telephone) and changed the world forever. In other words, the telephone was invented by a scotsman, *in* Canada. I don't know if *we're* better than every western nation, but we're better than most, and certainly Israel, which has countless human rights issues, not to mention Palestine. I can give you more technological and science inventions if you'd like.
Dude r u high
The most number of troops to what? The UN? You don't have to give troops to the UN to peacekeep.
&gt; Stop waving your dick and expecting people to suck on it. I'm not, I'm just refuting your incredibly misinformed and bullshit claims. And when have we gotten unconditional praise? I sincerely hope you know that the 'nice' thing we're known for is almost a joke. Sure, we're polite, but people aren't serious when they talk about that stuff. Dude, I think you're just jealous because all your country gets attention for is treating Palestine and Arabs like fucking shit, while we actually uphold human rights. You should come visit sometimes, you're eyes will be opened.
Dude, are you really comparing what the *british* did hundreds of years ago to human rights violations that still continue to happen? Anyway, I've got you tagged because we've been in an argument about this (meaning India vs Canada) before, and I'm not getting into it again.
small meaning by population, not area.
America and the UK wouldn't have been the empires they are and were without their massive populations, and in turn, economies. If Canada had 300 million people we'd be a superpower too.
You just completely generalized 35 million people. Congratulations.
I didn't generalize your population, I was talking about your country and government. And if you're gonna use heavt misconceptions and generalizations, so will I.
And some people will find a way to talk shit about Apple no matter what
You're a fucking terrible troll
*Fruit* punch = Apple
I love how they talk about the corn as being an "All-American" scene in the movie when it was filmed in Canada
fixed
Aw, no Edmonton? Fantastic city, you'd be missing out
Unless my country was magically annexed sometime within the last hour or so, I believe you're wrong.
shh we're circlejerking
I thought you guys all fucked off to voat weeks ago
That's hilarious! Seemed like an honest mistake, hopefully they don't get fired or anything
Damn dude that sucks, as a Canadian I thought racism here was very uncommon for the most part.
Weird, I've only encountered 'real' racism like once before, in rural Alberta
In my original comment, which I thought you were referencing since you replied to me. But that doesn't matter because I agree with you
"Microsoft?! Why'd you name your company after your dick!"
Why are they so many Canadians in Hong Kong?
Are you saying I could fly down to Venezuela and sell my 6 plus for over $50k? brb booking a flight
Right? Or they could've moved the 'Helena, Montana' stop (30 000 residents) up a little to Edmonton or Calgary (1.3 million resident each)
You missed my point, I'm using your logic.
Ah, Canadian hillbillies
Yeah, but what do you expect? Macs aren't made to game with, and if that's the reason you got one you're an idiot. Macs have plenty of other useful features
&gt; There is a difference between an asshole and a person who genuinely believes that a lack of faith equates to a lack of morality. Doesn't make a difference. But if you want, we can call him a 'mega-asshole.' &gt;Also, if you actually believe the source of the joke has no impact on how funny the joke is, you've got a really mistaken view of how comedy works. I think you do. Who cares who the source is? It's completely irrelevant to what makes it funny.
ever come to your head that it still wasn't justified?
Nope, I've only had great experiences dealing with Apple. For example, I dropped my old iPad once and cracked the screen, and this was a couple years after I got it so warranty was out. Took it to the Apple Store, and they replaced it for free.
I'm allowed to be the judge of whatever I want to be the judge of.
That's only because SJW's will make a big scene out of the whole thing and blame Apple. Apple has to act in its best interests.
Apple doesn't give a shit about using the flag. The problem is that SJW's will boycott Apple, and it's in Apple's best interests to make money. You're just circlejerking for the sake of circlejerking.
Fuck, I owned the first gen pro. What a hunk of shit that was.
You really think Apple removed it because the higher-ups are sensitive? No, they removed it because they knew people would complain and make a big deal out of it on the media. It's sad, but true.
IIRC they tried to get it to move away from the public, and it wouldn't do anything. Since it was right by a hospital, they couldn't risk a non-lethal alternative.
As someone who regularly bikes in the river valley, I don't think I wanna know...
I dunno know there's probably standards and precautions set in place that we don't know about.
That's hilarious
&gt; actual censorship You realize Apple is a private company and can do whatever the fuck they want, right? It's not 'censorship.'
Canadian here as well. I agree, but what really gets me is miles and Fahrenheit. I can't guesstimate that for shit
When did this sub become /r/circlejerk?
*Way cooler.
You know there's a circlejerk when [this gets 80 upvotes*](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3b2xgp/a_watch_that_puts_the_solar_system_on_your_wrist/csiknx9) and you get 5.* *At the time of this comment
&gt; There's just no protection of censorship provided in private cases I see your point, but this also proves mine. Apple *can* do whatever the fuck they want.
No, it'd just be a fucking stupid thing to complain about. E. By that I mean the Apple censorship, not the murder part
And I'm pretty sure the largest company on earth knows more than you about money and business.
Because it's reddit and we need to circlejerk?
That's so true. Us Canadians love saying 'buddy' as a derogatory term
But Apple really doesn't give a shit about what reddit says, especially when most of this thread is just anti-Apple circlejerking
If you're seriously comparing *murder* to a company that's protecting it's interests, then I'm done this conversation.
No one country won the war. You could say the same thing about Britain or even France.
lol thats not what I meant. I meant no *one* country won the war by themselves
&gt; Brigadding consists of a group going into a subreddit and wreaking havoc by down-voting and shit posting. I know what brigading is, and that's exactly what you guys did, especially after the ban. &gt; Doxxing involves finding out who someone is in real life and trying to get them fired, harrassing them, etc. I've also seen this too, particularly with the imgur admins or whatever and that girl from the sewing sub. &gt; Why should we have to keep our opinions to FPH? Because your sub was made so you could keep your opinion in there? &gt;ike you obeasts are unaccustomed to shit being crammed down your flabby gullet. :P Not obese, but I love the ad-hominem! Really helps me paint a picture of the insecurities you have.
[American redditors today](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/super-happy-men.gif)
That's a terrible mindset to have. [Anyway, this says we're seventh in the world for pollution,](http://www.actionforourplanet.com/#/top-10-polluting-countries/4541684868) which is not something to be proud of. We can make a difference.
Damn, you know the crash is bad when: &gt;an autopsy will be needed to identify the gender of the person found inside the car.
I know, I thought that was weird. Especially since this post has over 500 upvotes.
We're still 9th on your list, and 1.5% is enough to make a difference.
Why is it that anytime someone mentions they're Canadian on reddit we always get this reply now. He wasn't even bragging.
yes
That would be one big ass city
Ew what is that. Its making my eyes bleed
Agreed. That makes it seem like Calgary by itself has like 3 times the population of Edmonton
Ya forgot Edmonton
Downvoted for a different opinion... smh
Does AMD actually give better colours?
That's pretty good considering the massive anti-Apple sentiment on reddit
Sounds like the start of a good joke...
Dude that's the best part
&gt;ridiculing, laughing and shouting When did he do any of that? I'm usually on the side of LEO's and such but that first and last border guard were very confrontational and didn't explain things very well. Of course the Canadian guy also didn't help.
The last guy was definitely confrontational and kind of an asshole. The second guy seemed nice enough at first. The Canadian certainly didn't handle the whole thing well, but being put in jail is a little extreme IMO. The Americans kept saying "was that a threat!" and such, but I never heard anything that resembled a threat
How is an ass for an opinion? And tbh, he's kinda right.
He didn't insult everybody, he said 'in general.' And yeah, this sub *does* downvote things it disagrees with for the most part. This thread is upvoted because the average subscriber is getting tired of this circlejerking shit going on.
Yeah but look at the sidebar. It even says this isn't a circlejerking sub
You realize its 64gb and not 32gb, right?
What's with the misinformation in this thread? The second tier *IS NOT* 32GB, it's 64GB. That's a helluva difference.
They use Vancouver because "generic big city." If they want something more outdoorsy, I think Alberta would be the better choice due to the beautiful variety available.
They never specified a launch time for iTunes. I don't know why you're complaining, it's not that big of a deal dude. Also, pretty sure they can do both 'technology' stuff and adverts at the same time, considering they're one of the biggest companies in the world.
Also the day I leave spotify forever
Ain't up on Windows yet
Nope, AC/DC is on Apple Music too, which I've switched too
Once again, Edmonton is superior. Edit. This wasn't meant to be taken seriously retards
[Yeah... Edmonton is a *super* ugly city](http://blog.global-alliance.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/edmonton.jpg)
It's /r/canada, what do you expect?
Not to mention Canada
Boned? We don't know why she got fired. Lets keep the circlejerky assumptions to a minimum people.
I don't, I'm just not making stupid assumptions
No, I said we don't know why she got fired.
What? I acknowledged the fact that she got fired, I just said we just don't know why and that we shouldn't assume things. She was most likely fired for a just reason.
Try going by a more up to date link: http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/demo05a-eng.htm
I'm going by the "Edmonton isn't a real city" comment.
Upvote because Edmonton
&gt; Their computers average at 5 times what Windows based PCs with equivalent hardware cost. Bullshit. People always say this but never provide a source.
Dude, did you even benchmark the processor? The Mac blows it out of the water. The screen on the Mac is basically double the resolution, not to mention the Macs is of much higher quality. The graphics on the Mac are also better, HD520 is shit compared to Iris pro graphics, benchmark them if you don't believe me. Do you know *anything* about computers? See also: Trackpad, aesthetics, build quality, customer service, not getting superfish, etc. I can go on if you'd like.
&gt; Both computers use the Intel i7 processor. The MacBook uses the 2.2 GHz version while the Lenovo uses the 2.5 GHz version. Now unless I missed something in elementary school, 5 is bigger than 2. I really hope you know GHz doesn't mean a damn thing anymore when it comes to computers. &gt;The Ideapad that I'm referencing doesn't use the HD520. It uses the AMD MESO XT DDR3L 2G. You're right, I googled the computer and the first link showed me that it uses the 520. The intel iris pro still benchmarks better though, albeit the race is much closer. &gt;Macs are some of the tackiest looking things on the market. Obviously this is entirely opinion based, but Macs are known to be the best looking computers made, by pretty much every reviewer and person I've talked to. &gt;Wow. Apple has some of the worst customer service that I've ever experienced. That's anecdotal, most people regard Apple as the customer service king: http://www.macrumors.com/2015/05/29/apple-top-tech-support-consumer-reports-2015/ &gt;Superfish Unless I'm blind, I don't see a whole fucking section on the wikipedia page dedicated to Apple, there's only one for Lenovo, because they fucked up the biggest.
Hey we're building the tallest building in Canada outside Toronto right now.
I hope this is an ironic shirt
Halifax!
What? You specifically mentioned refugees in your post, and the posts about Germany in /r/worldnews were allowed (even though it had nothing to do with refugees), so I don't know where you're getting your info from. And the only asshole here is the one spreading misinformation and making ignorant assumptions.
Just because both are Intel i7's doesn't mean they're both equal. &gt; And it has a lot of compatibility issues. I've never heard of any. &gt;That doesn't negate the fact that Apple uses Superfish, which was in direct opposition to the argument that you were making. There's a massive difference between how Apple used it and how Lenovo uses it. Also another thing I forgot to mention: Accessories and battery life: Two things the Mac has more of.
&gt;The newspaper said the three arrested Syrians are not asylum seekers, citing local police as saying the 21 and 15-year-old suspects are long-term German residents and the 14-year-olds live in Switzerland and the Netherlands respectively. Sooo not refugees.
How does number of stations = organization?
Nothing's been confirmed, this community seems to love jumping to conclusions whenever this topic is brought up.
&gt;No tech enthusiasts understand why there is no sd card slot many do. Example: me.
That's a misconception, his life fell in line with the survival rate.
Agreed. Much rather live in Edmonton than Calgary.
Lol are you comparing weed to cocaine?
How is North Korea not red? Edit: no need for the downvotes, I was just asking a question.
Harper did allow the planes to stay, he said the planes would only be there for like 6 months but he extended the mission. ITT: Conservatives who will claim every decision by the liberals is evil.
Trudeau *is* being demonized for this.
And Harpers supporters would be making excuses for him as well. They still are, in fact. Not to mention the most upvoted comment in this thread is the once criticizing Trudeau.
What? It says "Calgary, Canada" at the top left.
Probably, but its relevant because its on the front page of /r/funny.
Of course not. It's called being facetious. Jesus, this sub is full of cynical asses, isn't it?
Congratulations, your comment literally proves his point. When did Reddit turn so conservative/racist?
I've been noticing Edmonton getting a lot of hate from other Canadians lately, I don't understand why. I like it here.
Trudeau is a straight white man and he somehow became Prime Minister.
When did I say that? I voted for Trudeau, and I'm a straight white man. I'm just trying to dispel the idiotic belief that straight white men are facing continuous persecution in Canada, which is obviously not true.
&gt; Oh, thanks for telling me what I mean. Obviously I was confused, because I was thinking my own words were what I meant. I'm just a silly straight white male, though! I don't even know what I mean! Tee-hee! I was under the impression that you couldn't connect the dots (between my reply and your comment), so I thought I'd help you out a little. I'm perfectly capable of standing up for myself, and when the day comes that I become attacked or persecuted for my skin, gender, sex orientation, etc. I will fight for my rights, and I'll let you know as well. The problem here is that you seem to think that the most persecuted group in the world is us, and I find it pathetic that you seem to think that. Stop feeling sorry for yourself, and grow a pair.
I'm in Edmonton and the two Apple stores here have always been good. Maybe it's an Ottawa thing?
I doubt it, the Canadian education system is much different than the US's, and better, so I've heard.
That's post-secondary, different than what's required for education. [And yes, our education system is better.](http://www.edudemic.com/learning-curve-report-education/) [We're also the most educated country](http://www.neit.edu/blog/index.php/2015/01/most-educated-countries-in-the-world/) But this is beside the point, anyway.
Haven't really used them that much, but they've been decent from the times I have. I'd still rank official Apple stores above them in terms of service though.
Well we have more people than Ottawa http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/demo05a-eng.htm
&gt; stupid answers Well you got that right
Edmonton's mayor is also pretty liberal.
Nothing. There's a circlejerk going on, hush.
I'm not arguing anything, I'm just pointing out how stupid your replies to others are.
There's no fucking substance to your comments. All you do is call Siri shit, and use ad-hominem because your argument is bullshit. If you're going to express an opinion, at least add substance to it.
Good to know that Edmonton's airport is the best for being on time.
its the fifth busiest airport in Canada... Also the fastest growing
Wow, thanks for being an asshole to millions in a time of tragedy
Why was it split three ways? I'm not American and I don't know much about the lottery
Over a 1500 actually
Nah, Paul vs Sanders would be better IMO.
Eh, he was just a drug addict, not a religious nut job
I wonder how much hate vice would get if they started a post with "black people" and then make a sweeping generalization/stereotype
Agreed. Seems you're the only reasonable one in the comments so far.
He's a troll for asking for a source that should have been provided in the first place? Also, after doing a little googling, I found literally zero other sources that back up your claim.
As far as I know, all similarly specced phones cost the same amount
I agree, however I've definitely also noticed a somewhat anti-Canada sentiment in /r/polandball recently, sort of an anti-jerk.
Oh yeah, but Trump will *obviously* get the nomination, right?
Eh, iPad sales are down because they last so long. I used my iPad 2 for 4 years before getting an Air 2.
&gt; major video games studios are in Montreal Bioware is based out of Edmonton. I don't see how this is relevant. It doesn't change the fact that, like another user said, you guys got paid billions in equalization payments while we got nothing.
That means nothing. Like I said before, you guys also got billions in equalization payments, and we got nothing.
And so did Calgary. And I'd rather be a socialist than whatever you are tbh
&gt; I just banned another idiot white supremacist complaining about "3rd world" cabbies. More than likely a troll. Even so, I've seen nothing racist on this sub, and I've been here a while (obviously not as long or to the extent as you though). I didn't deny anything. I just said that nothing in the uber thread was racist (unless you deleted it) and that there's a difference between people being blatantly racist and spouting "third world cabbies" like you said and just commenting on how fucking stupid someone who was quoted in the article is. I'm not racist, but if you say the reason why uber is thriving while the taxi industry is fucked is because of 'racism,' then you're an idiot.
And the user who he was replying to used anecdotal evidence as well, but you didn't care then, did you?
Probably because the mayor's being a fucking hypocrite and the pipeline is safer than the alternative?
This was posted like 2 days ago.
We are shifting away, we elected a pretty liberal government. But that doesn't mean we can't boost our economy for the short term while also diversifying for the long term. The oils gonna get there anyway, why not do it in a safer and faster way?
The difference in the PPI between the phones is so insignificant it's basically unnoticeable, certainly not worth the lower battery life and worse benchmarks in my opinion. But if you're willing to sacrifice those for a minuscule difference, maybe Android can be a better choice.
If you don't give a shit what Albertans think than we won't give a snit what you think, and we'll do whatever without listening to what you have to say, going by your logic. It's also nice to see your credit go down the shitter when you generalize 4 million people. Nope, the positives outweigh the negatives for Canada, not just Alberta.
You didn't include the most likely candidate: /r/hillaryclinton edit. damn, love the downvotes. I didn't say I supported Hillary, I said she was the most likely candidate. Anyone who says otherwise doesn't know shit.
No it's not :)
American's make up a higher percentage of immigrants going into Canada than vice versa.
&gt; All that means is that America has way more immagrants than Canada. In total, but per capita, American takes in about half as much. My point still stands, as a percentage of total immigrants, there are more American immigrants coming to Canada than Canadian immigrants going to America.
No, I don't know what article you are referring to.
You realize that condo construction in Vancouver and Toronto is a very different beast to the few under construction here? We don't have to be worried like Vancouver does, we have actual demand for the condos and they're not going for insane prices.
Fifth largest. Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, Edmonton, then Mississauga
Doesn't make sense, why would MacBook Pro hardware be leaking this early on then? I call bullshit. http://www.cultofmac.com/430982/spy-photos-all-but-confirm-2016-macbook-pros-oled-touchpad/
No apple products are ever manufactured 6 months before being released, let alone announced. A month or two, sure, but definitely not 6 months. This leak is coming from a manufacturing facility in China, it wouldn't be a test model or prototype.
I'd definitely say Canada is objectively in the top 10 of countries, subjectively it can be either lower or higher obviously. In my opinion, Canada is top 3, but that's subjective.
It's possible, but unlikely. The source I linked earlier (Ming-Chi Kuo) said the MBP will come out in third quarter (so before July 1) and this combined with the leak gives me enough hope that it'll be announced at WWDC. Not to mention Apple rented out a larger theatre than normal this year, so I expect something not software related as well. I really hope you're wrong, I guess we'll find out June 13th.
Maybe because when Apple does it, they do it right and they don't half ass shit like ~~Microsoft~~ Window's laptops do. This is coming from someone typing on a Windows 10 laptop.
Yeah I know people like their surfaces, and that's cool. Buy what makes you happy, I won't judge you for that. Computers are very subjective, as both platforms have strengths/weaknesses. I just get annoyed when people assume that Apple just copies features from Windows/Microsoft, etc. and then say that Apple gets praise for it, when one the biggest circlejerks on reddit is to hate on Apple. Anyway, if you like your surface, good for you, I wasn't trying to take away from that.
Yeah you're right. I'm sure those millions of sales are fake as well
I love how /r/the_donald will ban anyone with a dissenting opinion, but when they actually face consequences for basically objectively brigading they say it's "censorship." Give me a fucking break.
Summer drama is best drama
God damn it I hope so
And it's not like the mods there weren't censoring people who had different opinions, right...?
&gt; since Sanders has already lost the primary. ...no he hasn't
God damn it, I can't pretend I'm not jealous
Are you stupid?
The air seems to have a better processor and higher GHz yet only comes with half the amount of ram standard. I'd honestly recommend the MacBook just because of its screen
...says someone whose never been to Paris
Yes, Trudeau is the joke, not the NDPers and Conservatives that cried "sexual assault" and "muh feelings" after accidentally bumping into someone.
Not for like 3 years they haven't.
That'd be the quite the surprise for the owner
Jesus fuck this sub is pessimistic. It looked good enough for me.
"OSX Death Valley" sounds awesome I also like OSX Sequoia, OSX Napa, and OSX Redwood
Thought I'd share this because it's apparently very good and they're everywhere in Vancouver.
He has a penthouse in Vancouver, maybe he wants some of the same food he eats in Vancouver when he's here?
I agree. Like another user said, they should be hard to get and the buyer should have to be an experienced dog owner who knows how to train them. This makes me mad, particularly because I also have a puppy.
Because we don't have the population nor the homeless problem that Houston has.
Chill out, it's a joke. I bet you wouldn't say the same thing about Vancouver or Toronto or wherever you're from, because I'm willing to bet it ain't here.
Canadian first for me
This is why we don't like Quebec
Yes, people here are defensive because we're tired of being shit on 24/7 by other Canadians. Sure, Edmonton can improve, there's no question about it. But other people act like Edmonton is somehow "less of a city" because of completely subjective things. I've never seen people say "go home" because of someone being a little critical or suggestive, maybe you were more rude than you thought? And what's wrong with being proud of what we have? The amount of green space we have is better than most cities, but don't tell Vancouver that, or they will brag about the ocean and the mountains and say since Edmonton doesn't have those, it's shitty. I don't know what you mean by "small American" because we certainly aren't small (5th largest in the country, actually) and we're much less conservative than Calgary or even America.
There's a difference between complaining about a few things and entirely writing off a city because of those things. Vancouver's level of smugness is insane. Yeah, no shit their housing prices suck, everyone knows that. But if you dare suggest that maybe Vancouver isn't the best city in Canada? Prepare to get ranted at. Just look at /r/vancouver. Edmontonians and Canadians are wayyy too hard on this city. Most of the times, when talking about Vancouver, people on reddit will say its sooo amazing. Mention Edmonton? "Shithole." "Deadmonton," etc.
Nice response. Really refuted all my points, didn't you?
I'm sure the updates about watchOS and tvOS will be small and they won't talk about them long. 30 min each to talk about macOS and iOS plus around 30min for everything else and that gives them ~30 min to talk about hardware. Obviously this is speculative and I could be completely wrong, but damn it do I hope I'm right.
Yeah they'll definitely mention it, they wouldn't delay the actual event though
I think the US does more than we need to
Where does either of them apologize for muslims in their respective statements? The only shame you should feel is for supporting Trump
2013 or 2014 I believe.
Use uBlock. I could read the article just fine.
Hey you mentioned Econ so I figure I'd ask you a question because I'm an Econ major starting next year. What should I look for in a laptop: RAM, CPU, GPU?
I'm actually in Canada haha But no, I just have to take general courses, AFAIK
Awesome, it sounds like I should be fine with a base model MBP. If I ever do need something more CPU intensive down the road I'll just sell it and get something better. I'll keep everything you said in mind, thanks for the response! Love your username btw
Hey, that's me!
Damn, can't wait to try the public beta
Alright, thanks for the advice, I might try this.
Doesnt seem to work on my air 2
Nor the Air 2
Wow, I am really stupid. Thanks for the advice
I think I'm just gonna spring for the 2015 model. I also start uni in September and I wanna take advantage of the summer student deal, plus I don't wanna wait 3 months
Can someone please explain why this is so significant?
I have an idea! Maybe Russia *shouldn't* invade sovereign nations, but maybe I'm crazy.
I mean, if it came down to Russia vs NATO, Russia would get absolutely fucked. edit. I mean if you take nukes out of the equation
What are you talking about? Every single poll has Hillary ahead, and by quite a large margin too
Conservatives in Canada are becoming more like their American counterparts everyday. It's pathetic. edit. It appears I've attracted a stalker from a comment I made in another sub. edit2. The stalker appears to be an "American counterpart" that I was referencing. How coincidental
Yeah I think most would be scared if someone plastered a giant photo of their face on a golf course and was hitting it in order to send a message.
Wow, you're following me across subs now? But please, continue commenting. You only serve to prove my point.
No, one that demonstrated my point. It is kinda dark, I'll admit.
We got a live one, everybody! A real ***American republican!*** How exciting! Don't play with it for too long boys and girls, it's vicious.
Yeah I don't know if it's misogynistic, but it's definitely tasteless and inappropriate
&gt; You're blaming Quebec for the drop in oil? No, he's blaming Quebec for not allowing oil pipelines through, which would significantly help our economy. Then, in turn, Quebec get's free University even though it has one of the lowest GDP per capita's in the country and Albertan students still have to pay. And then Quebec still complains that they don't get enough. I don't hate Quebec or anything, but it's certainly frustrating.
The guy above was comparing metro areas, so why wouldn't you?
Your argument would make sense if not for that the Ottawa metropolitan area is much bigger than Edmonton's. You used Beaumont as example. Beaumont is [3.2 KM away from Edmonton.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beaumont,_Alberta) Now, lets look at [La Peche, Quebec,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_P%C3%AAche,_Quebec) an area considered part of the [metro Ottawa region.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Capital_Region_\(Canada\)) La Peche is a staggering **43 kilometres** away from Ottawa. Edmonton has much more municipalities in the metro because the actual size of Ottawa is about 4 times the size of Edmonton in squared kilometers. If Edmonton was as large as Ottawa, there would be no Sherwood Park, or St. Albert, or even Beaumont. It'd all be part of the city. So, your point is invalid, metro Edmonton is larger in population than metro Ottawa. I don't know why this is so hard to comprehend.
&gt;checks user history Go back to /r/Calgary, we don't like your kind around here.
I was just being sarcastic For the most part, anyway :)
It's hard to be objective when it's your own country. I think Canada is the best country, and I've also been to quite a few.
Wanna look at the source? I'm just showing facts
I know what you mean, I met him once in Hawaii. Very nice guy in real life
According to this our population is 950 000. How did we gain 70 000 people in 2 years? Because wikipedia says we had 880 000 in 2014 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edmonton
Yeah, it'd be real great if we didn't turn into [downtown Houston.](http://beyonddc.com/log/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/downtownhouston.jpg)
Yeah they're pretty damn good. Finally have a good donair in Windermere
Hey, props to you guys and the government, I think this sort of thing can be really useful and unique
Yes, it was implied. Gruber went against the grain and laid out a couple of good counter-arguments, and now he apparently is getting paid by Apple. What kind of ad hominem bullshit is that?
I like it. It livens up downtown a little
People say this for absolutely everything that money is spent on. Why can't we have a bit of fun?
I mean, they kinda have already
Mostly Russian? Nah, it was 100% Ukrainian.
I'm using data from here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Canadian_provinces_and_territories_by_gross_domestic_product But you're right, it is third, not fourth. I'll edit my comment.
I imagine the filming will take place in Vancouver.
Wow, we're the largest city they fly to
I mean, Edmonton isn't exactly a small airport, it's the 5th busiest in the country.
Canada is the second largest country in the world...
Great, you've just jinxed the election. Good job.
We've officially run out of island synonyms/puns edit. apparently not
The "leave" vote will fuck over both the economy and the poor. The UK, particularly Wales, gets a shitload of welfare funds from the EU.
&gt; more freedom's Canada is actually free-er than the US. http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2015/11/03/canada-is-the-freest-nation-in-the-world-legatum-study-says
Wow. Nobody boos him when he speaks French in the rest of Canada. God forbid the man use *English* to talk about *England*.
Do you know what a joke is? Jesus, this thread must be like Christmas to you, spouting off your bullshit and whatnot
You realize Canada and the US have a similar percentage of white people, right?
We're in an English/French speaking country. He obviously had to talk about Brexit, and it's not like he's gonna fly to another province to call a press conference. Most Canadians don't speak French, so it makes sense for him to talk about it in English, even in Quebec. The day Brexit happened just so happened to be Quebec day (or whatever it's called). It'd be idiotic of him not to mention it.
As an Edmontonian, I'm no fan of Calgary, but I think I'd much rather live there than *Poland.*
I gotta give it to [Alberta](http://punkoryan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/04-rj_Alberta_Legislature_20120823_06.jpg)
&gt; the current economic system will never have workers being valued for being human. The current economic system is sure as fuck better than anything else we've tried.
&gt; but at least they don't act as a personal protection squad for the local white supremacists. ...what
I'm pretty sure they're headquartered here
That's a rather harsh response to an otherwise reasonable comment.
If by more active content you mean those stupid "updoot" memes, then yes. Otherwise /r/meirl has better content IMO.
Canadian here... Is avacado and toast a popular thing? I've never heard of it
Hey, don't push him off his high horse.
Like 1.4 now I believe
Honestly it annoys me when corporations blatantly advertise on reddit, but I agree in that not everything is an ad ffs. Redditors are wayyy too quick to pull /r/hailcorporate out. Mentioning a company (or in this case a fucking local business) doesn't mean I'm (or the other user) is a shill.
If you're from Calgary I truly pity you
Look, I disagree with the other guy and don't want Quebec to separate or anything, but let's not pretend transfer payments are something they're not. I've made this argument a million times in /r/canada, and most of you don't seem to know how they work and just assume Albertan's are wrong.
Well that's about what I expected
&gt; Yet no one bashes PEI or Ontario on the matter. Maybe because absolute numbers matter more than per capita when it comes to things like this. Wanna know why people talk about Quebec and not PEI? Because Quebec gets *$7.833 billion* and PEI gets *$340 million*. Not to mention it always seems to be Quebec that does the most Alberta bashing, by far. And Ontario gets less than half the total transfer payments that Quebec does. [Source.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equalization_payments_in_Canada)
Like healthcare? Please, tell me which country has universal healthcare?
&gt;I just got back from Vancouver Climate in Vancouver is wayyyy different than climate here, it's is much more mild there. You're comparing apples to oranges.
Don't let the door hit ya
&gt;Gender parity is sexism Don't cut yourself on that edge
Read the title again. It says "major leader." Do you really think Taiwan and Finland are nearly as important as Canada? We're in the G7 bud. And like another commenter said, Merkel isn't very progressive.
I love it when Quebecois pretend they have culture and the rest of Canada doesn't. Fits in with the smug and arrogant stereotype, I suppose.
&gt; Canada does not look after it's weakest and most vulnerable and they certainly do not look after those in need that don't 'appear' to be weak or vulnerable Please tell me you didn't move to the states. Oh the irony
Canada is a fucking utopia when it comes to "taking care of the weakest" compared to the states. Our welfare system is leaps and bounds better. If you actually left Canada to a country and that country is *worse* for the very reason you left, I find it ironic.
&gt; But hey, facts and historical context are for losers, AmiRite!? Don't you deny man-made climate change?
I found The Hateful Eight to be fantastic, I don't know what you're talking about.
The old strathcona area is very walkable
Not quite half the size: 1.4 million versus 2 million.
Nah don't listen to this guy OP. Move to Calgary if you want to see what a full-blown recession looks like.
Yep AFAIK it's still planned
&gt; t's quite clear out healthcare could be better and more private healthcare is obviously part of the cure. Maybe you should've read your own fucking article; then you would've realized that the top country on your list is France, and guess what, France has universal healthcare. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_in_France You conservatives make it too easy.
Because I hate it when people act like they know everything and are right. Specifically in this case because I've grown fucking sick of post-fact alt-right posters on this sub who think they're fucking gods gift to the world.
&gt;Most general physicians are in private practice but draw their income from the public insurance funds. These funds, unlike their German counterparts, have never gained self-management responsibility. Instead, **the government has taken responsibility for the financial and operational management of health insurance (by setting premium levels related to income and determining the prices of goods and services refunded)**.[1] The French government generally refunds patients 70% of most health care costs, and 100% in case of costly or long-term ailments. Supplemental coverage may be bought from private insurers, **most of them nonprofit, mutual insurers.** Until 2000, coverage was restricted to those who contributed to social security (generally, workers or retirees), excluding some poor segments of the population; **the government of Lionel Jospin put into place universal health coverage** and extended the coverage to all those legally resident in France. **Only about 3.7% of hospital treatment costs are reimbursed through private insurance**, but a much higher share of the cost of spectacles and prostheses (21.9%), drugs (18.6%) and dental care (35.9%) (Figures from the year 2000). There are public hospitals, non-profit independent hospitals (which are linked to the public system), as well as private for-profit hospitals. So if you agree with what France has done then you agree with Universal Health care I assume? Then why are you trying to start an argument?
I don't understand why people care if she's fat. You don't have to be skinny to run part of the government. Sure, it's ironic I guess, but nonetheless insignificant.
I'm not angry, and you get worried too easily.
&gt;“When looking at the whole picture rather than cherry-picking certain taxes, Albertans enjoy the lowest overall tax in Canada," Ceci said in an emailed statement. "Our tax advantage is roughly $7.5 billion over the next province. Alberta continues to have no sales tax, no payroll tax and no health premiums. -http://www.calgarysun.com/2017/01/05/fraser-institute-report-that-declares-alberta-tax-advantage-dead-comes-under-criticism I tend to ignore things from the Frasier Institute because they're almost as bad as Rebel when it comes to bias. And you don't honestly think O'Leary will be the next PM of Canada, do you? That's a laugh. If the NDP and PC's continue to fuck up their leadership the libs will be in power for a long time coming. Maybe if the PC's have Bernier or Chong they'd have a chance, O'Leary would ruin their chances. And I'm glad we can agree on how bad Redford was.
Well that's just uncalled for
But see you've just proved my point. Pro athletes need to stay in shape because it's part of their job, the health minister doesn't.
Being fat isn't really a choice for lots either. You don't know her situation and are just assuming things about her. What if she has hyperthyroidism or something?
Are those headlines for newspapers or comedians cracking jokes? There is an obvious distinction.
Right, and if he can do his job then why would people take issue with it.
It's a sad day when people care more about her weight than her accomplishments as health minister. If you're going to criticize her, criticize what she's done (or hasn't done) instead of taking cheap shots to make yourself feel better.
lol http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/06/politics/intelligence-report-putin-election/ Published 10 minutes ago. How coincidental.
Easy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Superpower &gt;At the end of the Cold War and the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, only the United States appeared to fulfill the criteria of being a world superpower. As of 2016, according to Russian President Putin and other sources, this has remained unchanged. Even Putin admits Russia isn't a superpower, yet you cannot. Why's that?
Well it's pretty obvious
Well, he's not wrong https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richmond,_British_Columbia#Demographics &gt;Richmond has 50% of residents identifying as Chinese, the city in North America with the largest proportion of Asians.[9] More than half of its population is of Asian descent, many of whom immigrated in the late 1980s, mostly from Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Mainland China.
Yet still no Tesla dealership in Edmonton.
http://www.people-press.org/2016/04/26/a-wider-ideological-gap-between-more-and-less-educated-adults/
How much does it cost to fill up your truck (I assume you have a truck)? These supercharging stations are free. I'd much rather wait 20 minutes then pay out the ass for gas.
:(
Edmontons river valley beats anything Toronto has (the Edmonton river valley is the largest urban park in North America, being 22x the size of NYCs Central Park). People are nicer in Edmonton imo as well.
TIL celebrating our country's history is "propaganda." Some of you Quebecois just *loathe* Canada, don't you?
More buildings and developments on Whyte means more competition, which means cheaper rent. Basic economics yo
&gt; Our congestion is just laughable. As someone who drives to the U of A everyday, fox drive/belgravia/114st seem to be always backed up during rush hour.
I think that's the joke
&gt; This election has taught the American people that sources and proof do not matter, it is all about the feels Yeah, it's how Trump won
Huh, we have to take math classes in the BA econ program at U of A
Victoria is well known, and is a city with a population of over 300 000.
&gt; This may be the turning of the tide for me on Trudeau. Don't lie, I've seen you criticize Trudeau quite frequently on /r/canada.
[Clementine?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfn23ejMFgg)
I said it was fact, and you said wrong...
&gt; Edmonton &amp; calgary- aren't they incredibly cold ? Speaking for Edmonton here: in the winter it's fucking freezing but in the summer it's absolutely beautiful. Edmonton and Calgary are also the sunniest major cities in Canada so we got that going for us
I don't hate Toronto at all. Toronto feels like a nicer NYC. If anything I hate Vancouver because I find people there to be pretentious and snobby. Some, I assume, are good people.
Why /s? Trudeau hasn't insulted Trump at all and has been very respectful. This is objectively intelligent. Trudeau can't win with conservatives I guess
Link to when Trudeau insulted trump?
No, right now it's not too bad but a couple days ago it was dropping to about -30 iirc
Or, ya know, our skyline
*The* mall. And to be fair, the waterpark is easily the best one in Canada
Just because he went on a nice/expensive vacation doesn't mean he doesn't understand what an average Canadian live likes. You conservatives always love to point out how Trudeau was once a teacher, is that not average enough for you?
If she has a 1200 dollar hydro bill I feel like she's not in poverty at all.
That's why Transport Canada has a max height and no fly zones near airports for drones
Lmao and you probably thought pizza-gate was real.
Not as gullible as those who voted in Trump. "Drain the swamp" my shiny white ass
What does this have to do with Alberta? This happened in Ontario.
I fear we will not win this meme war. They have legions of Canada geese - a creature to be reckoned with.
They're so goooood
&gt; MacEwan pays better for what I do Are they hiring janitors?
I'm all for hating on Trump... but what's the point of protesting the leader of *another country* here?
Yeah and they're pretty stupid reasons imho
They can do whatever they want, it doesn't stop me from judging them.
Seems like it
All I know is I have much better things to do with my time than to protest a democratically elected leader in *another god damn country* because he hurt someones feelings. What's the point of protesting if you're objectively not going to accomplish anything? I'm genuinely curious.
One of the largest economies in the world is irrelevant to you? A country part of the G8, NATO, and NORAD is irrelevant? Someone needs to brush up on their geopolitics...
He isn't a weakling. Smarter than Trump will ever be.
Except the westboro baptist church is classified as a hate group in Canada, and we have strict anti hate speech laws. So, not the same basic idea at all.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Westboro_Baptist_Church#Canadian_entry_ban &gt;In August 2008, Canadian officials learned of the WBC's intent to stage a protest at the funeral of Tim McLean, a Winnipeg resident killed on a bus. The protests intended to convey the message that the man's murder was **God's response to Canadian laws permitting abortion, homosexuality, divorce and remarriage. In response, Canadian officials barred the church's members from entering the country.**
&gt; This wasn't just about women being abused I'd hope not, considering "Women reported committing one-sided attacks more than twice as often as men (70% versus 29%)" https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epidemiology_of_domestic_violence
&gt; I think we are often disregarded, objectified, and treated as second class citizens in many different circumstances This is funny considering "Women reported committing one-sided attacks more than twice as often as men (70% versus 29%)" https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epidemiology_of_domestic_violence I guess facts don't matter
&gt; How about the right to walk through downtown at night without fearing for your life That isn't a "right". Women are legally free to do that - the government doesn't stop them. &gt;How about the right to go about your day without having sexual slurs thrown at you, rude gestures made, and wolf whistles aimed at you? Yeah that sucks. A women's march isn't going to change that. Maybe focus on educating people otherwise you'll be rightfully criticized for speaking to deaf ears. &gt;When the most powerful office in the world is given to a man who treats women with contempt and sexually assaults them, you better believe this is the right time to show support for women. We're in Canada. Not the United States. And honestly, there are far scarier things you should be criticizing Trump for than one offhand comment he's made. &gt;Don't think that women are disadvantaged or maligned? Tell that to boys and men who are called pussies, bitches, or girls. When those words stop being insults used to make someone lesser than yourself, then you can say we don't need to rally and march for women's issues. Lol this is the stupidest fucking point you try to make. You don't think guys are called dicks or cocks or assholes or fags etc.?
You should look at Edmonton
Hey guys oilers fan here
God do I hate that reporter. Still not right to hit her or her camera though.
How is a democratically elected leader nepotism? Trudeau got the votes - he didn't become PM directly because of his name. To pretend he did is pathetic.
I hear that Tesla's are bad for the environment because of coal power plants that generate the electricity that it uses therefore making it less environmentally friendly than a gas guzzler. Is this true?
It's sure as fuck more oscar worthy than Suicide Squad
Yeah I'm gonna listen to economists on this one instead of some random ass redditor
Fuck The Rebel. Also fuck the guy for assaulting her.
I love how people on /r/the_donald and /r/metacanada act like Trump is going to fuck over Trudeau and that Trudeau has no idea what he's doing yet Trump just gave us a freebie here. Thanks Trudeau!
I like him too. He's super likable imo
That man was very well-spoken, took me by surprise. His argument made a lot of sense too
It honestly makes more sense to put it in Toronto. Sorry Nenshi, disagreed on this one.
&gt; Trump is actually looking out for those that voted for him LOL tell that to the people who aren't gonna get healthcare anymore because he tore up Obamacare. Tell that to the Californians and Floridians whose cities are going to under fucking water because the buffoon doesn't believe in climate change. Tell that to the people who are going to be paying taxes up the ass for a worthless wall that he said the Mexicans were gonna pay for which was obvious bullshit for anyone who has a tiny bit of economic sense. I thank god everyday we have Trudeau and not that white trash idiot down in the States. *Every god damned day* for the next 4 years I'll thank god.
Meanwhile the rest of us are still waiting for the 'trickle down' that never came. Reagan was an idiot - almost as dumb as Trump.
What am I, a Trump supporter? Why would I do that?
Maybe you're getting downvoted because you don't have the balls to make a good counter-argument and instead just make a pointless comment.
All I know is that no one in these comments has made a good argument that explains why the author is wrong, they just *insist* she is. I'm a liberal, but c'mon people. Facts are facts. The person you replied to asked why people disagree with the article, and you gave a crap answer imo. That's all there is to it
&gt; I answered the question that the other poster asked No you didn't. The other guy asked "I honestly would love to know why you and he disagree with the article," and all you said was "I'm not gonna make a good argument because downvotes." That's not an answer - it's an excuse.
Curiously, no Saudi Arabia on that list. It's not like [Trump registered eight companies in Saudi Arabia during campaign](http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/306990-trump-appeared-to-register-eight-companies-in-saudi-arabia) or anything... Yup, that's not corruption!
&gt; I'd rather not get into it because it doesn't end well on reddit In my opinion, that's an excuse. If you wanna think otherwise, go right ahead. I'm just trying to tell you why your comment may be so controversial.
That's a stupid excuse considering 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hijackers_in_the_September_11_attacks
Jesus, could you imagine? One of the ministers of America's closest ally being *banned* from America?
Source? Also need a source that say's Trudeau's rating is dropping.
&gt; Put others down to make yourself feel better You're right, Hitler was a good person, Stalin was an excellent leader, Mao wasn't that bad, etc. What a shitty argument.
You're in /r/canada...
I'm proud my Prime Minister is accepting of those who lived in fucking war zones and doesn't take away green cards from *legal* immigrants. Every single day since Trump has taken office, I've become more proud of Canada. America is going to shit, and it's sad to watch.
&gt; When the US is having a "How to drive up unemployment and drive down wages" convention That convention started about a week ago
Oh boy, there really is something wrong with you, isn't there?
Jesus Christ. Rest in Peace. We like to rag on Quebec a lot in /r/canada (and they do to us too), but this is neither the time nor the place. We're one country, after all. This will not divide us.
Toronto isn't near the ocean either but they have an aquarium.
The whole point of othello is that he's black, if anyone else has read it they'd know that. Casting him as a white women undermines basically the entire point of the play.
Editorialized title. Literally the first line of the article: &gt;The plans for a slim, dramatic 80-storey tower next to the Shaw Conference Centre, **on the lip of the river valley,** look so enticing. It wouldn't be on 'river valley parkland' OP. I don't know why you changed the title to fit a narrative.
I smoked pot with Johnny Hopkins
&gt;My mom has also expressed interest in visiting Jasper, Edmonton, Calgary, and Alberta Haha this is funny. Edmonton is a great choice btw, don't let calgarians convince you otherwise.
I prefer top. It honestly bugs me a lot that it auto sets to new.
&gt;The new console will ship with 6 teraflops of graphical power, more than its main competitor, the PS4 Pro, with 4.2 teraflops. Microsoft is using a custom GPU engine on Scorpio that runs at 1172MHz, a big increase over the Xbox One’s 853MHz and even Sony’s 911MHz found on the PS4 Pro. Not bad
Canada is far from socialist though.
Haha yeah for sure Edmonton definitely doesn't have nice houses or brand-new condo towers or luxury apartments... LOL how ignorant are you?
yeah that or Lucic ^^iloveyoulooch
Hey I like those skyline pics
&gt;Our study compared a wide variety of typical household goods sold in the Sears Canada catalogue in 1976 to the same (or similar) goods sold in 2011. It turns out that the average Canadian wage-earner now has to work a lot fewer hours than in 1976 to earn enough income to buy every good that we compared. &gt;For example, in 1976, a microwave cost $579.98. Earning the average hourly wage of $5.30, it took the average Canadian 109 hours of work to buy it. Thirty-five years later, a much better microwave (given improvements in technology) sells for $229.99. At the average hourly wage of $23.30 in 2011, that’s only 10 work-hours. &gt;Similarly, a colour television in 1976 cost the equivalent of 113 hours of work compared to just 12 work-hours for a much sleeker one with the same screen size in 2011. A fridge in 1976 cost 137 work-hours compared to 22 work-hours in 2011. And the list goes on. &gt;If the amount of work-time required to buy these goods had remained unchanged over time, then a conclusion of middle class stagnation is warranted. But work-time costs have fallen across the board, so claims of stagnation are mistaken. &gt;And note that our analysis only compares goods sold both in 1976 and 2011. Today, middle-class Canadians have access to many things (smartphones, laptop computers, etc.) that have improved our lives but that were unavailable in the 1970s. &gt;So despite the rhetoric, multiple indicators show middle-class Canadians have enjoyed significant economic improvement since the mid-1970s. https://www.fraserinstitute.org/article/canadian-middle-class-incomes-purchasing-power-up-dramatically I know the Fraser institute doesn't have the best rep, but studies are studies.
Lol Toronto and Montreal have way more people than Calgary, so no shit.
lol I sorted the comments by new on that article and this is what I found: &gt;Wow, the Venezuelans should come to CAPITALIST Canada and see how a SUCCESSFUL COUNTRY WORKS. Our government doesn't control the prices of groceries or everyday products like toilet paper. In fact, our government encourages Canadian private businesses to be as PROFITABLE as possible in selling such goods to the public so that they can get more tax revenue from them. The result? An ABUNDANCE of consumer goods with NO SHORTAGES. Because here in CAPITALIST Canada, we PRODUCE MORE THAN ENOUGH for everyone INCLUDING all those who love to HOARD. In fact the more HOARDERS there are, the GREATER OUR PRODUCTION becomes as our private businesses are motivated by the GREATER PROFITS it brings. -username "socialismisevil"
Edmonton?
What's the alternative? Everybody living in poverty, as proposed by socialism?
You're wrong. Poverty is defined as "the state or condition of having little or no money, goods, or means of support; condition of being poor." -http://www.dictionary.com/browse/poverty I'm sorry, I have no time to argue with people who think the establishment is out to get them and that their lives are horrible.
I do have a car I'm just not autistic about it
Oh god he's from my city??? Fuckkkkk e. looked at his facebook and we have mutual friends LOL
I mean immigration is something objectively good for the economy according to 95% of economists.
I mean even nhl players probably can't afford Vancouver so you really shouldn't be talking
Nah
&gt;But the headline-grabbing differences between the findings of these Nobel laureates are less significant than the profound agreement in their scientific approach to economic questions, which is characterized by formulating and testing precise hypotheses. I’m troubled by the sense among skeptics that disagreements about the answers to certain questions suggest that economics is a confused discipline, a fake science whose findings cannot be a useful basis for making policy decisions. &gt;That view is unfair anduninformed. It makes demands on economics that are not made of other empirical disciplines, like medicine, and it ignores an emerging body of work, building on the scientific approach of last week’s winners, that is transforming economics into a field firmly grounded in fact. &gt;It is true that the answers to many “big picture” macroeconomic questions — like the causes of recessions or the determinants of growth — remain elusive. But in this respect, the challenges faced by economists are no different from those encountered in medicine and public health. Health researchers have worked for more than a century to understand the “big picture” questions of how diet and lifestyle affect health and aging, yet they still do not have a full scientific understanding of these connections. Some studies tell us to consume more coffee, wine and chocolate; others recommend the opposite. But few people would argue that medicine should not be approached as a science or that doctors should not make decisions based on the best available evidence. -http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/21/opinion/yes-economics-is-a-science.html &gt;You dont seem to know this and it seems you arent equipped to understand this. I'm a literally an economics student you ignorant and uninformed fuck
Gentrification isn't necessarily a bad thing
LOL good one
&gt; You're wrong Nope, metropolitan Edmonton has 1 392 600 people according to census data. -http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/demo05a-eng.htm
Where are you getting this shit from? This is the metro area: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edmonton_Capital_Region#/media/File:Alberta-Edmonton_Region_map.png If you really want to get pedantic we can use 'urban' population, which is 1,062,643 people.
