How can they guard anyone with an L85 and those stupid hats?
Some are good, some are great, some are terrible. All are better than the fucking degenerate anime text adventure games.
What is the warranty period on children?
So, you claim that Donetsk and Luhansk have US soldiers engaged in combat right now? Source? Keep earning those rubles comrade. Given how worthless they are, you'll need as many as you can get.
lol. You should make your lies less transparent.
Lots of combat in Lviv?
Keep dancing around your claims. It amuses me.
So, how was the incident resolved?
Who gives a flying fuck what they want?
I hope she doesn't destroy her future trying to do this, because she won't succeed.
HAHAHA! They can barely get announcing the next station correctly, or which train is arriving.
What race? You can't just give poor people a large payout and expect them to succeed with it. Doesn't matter what colour their skin is.
No one forced him to incapacitate himself. Being drunk is not an excuse.
How are they taking advantage?
Why isn't it ok?
If a cabbie was upfront with charging $1k, and some foolish drunk didn't notice or care, I would congratulate the cabbie. Manipulating drunks for profit is A-Ok in my books. Drivers caught inebriated should be summarily executed.
This is entirely untrue. I applaud your efforts to keep the lower classes from VR technology.
&gt; But I think good-will would be to buy back the licenses. Fuck that. Licenses were never meant to be a retirement investment, and the government is under no obligation to maintain their value.
Given their performance in Yemen, I'm unconcerned with selling the Saudi's weapons, since they are unable to use them effectively.
Fuck, that was close! Can you imagine the terror that would have been wrought if this man continued to collect things?! A whole 0 people could have died. Meanwhile, my elderly neighbour still has her driver's license, something that is guaranteed to end in tragedy, and yet nothing can be done.
Why the flying fuck would Israel cooperate with the UN on anything? The UN has allowed itself to be used as a political cudgel against Israel for a long time.
They should skip the harrier entirely and get the A7 done next. It would do really well next to F-18 and F-14.
On the other hand, Luckey claimed that it would be roughly in the ballpark of $350 as late as September. Previous numbers thrown about were between $200 and $400. Nebulous hints do not trump real numbers, so it's understandable why people feel betrayed.
With a launch price like that, I expect developers will think twice about continuing with VR support. Will the Elite Dangerous and DCS devs be able to justify the development time to support a niche product like this with their already niche software?
$65 shipping? Do you live in Alert?
I was worried we wouldn't get the opinion of worthless youtubers. Thank god for adblocker.
You needed a 2nd lung scan because they fucked the 1st one up. You still have to pay for their fuckup though.
"Remember all that shit about ballparks and price ranges? I was just lying to keep the hype train hyping."
People volunteer to make themselves feel better? So the fuck what? They get to feel better, people get help. Everyone wins. As long as they don't volunteer my time and resources against my will, I don't see a problem.
Rage against vague PR bullshit when the fog of war is finally removed is good and should be encouraged, not suppressed.
The idea that all of Canada should remain poor with a weak dollar so that Southern Ontario can compete with shitholes like Mexico or Alabama for car manufacturing as a way to fix the economy is pretty laughable.
He made a mistake by lying when responding to those morons.
People should remain upset. Not about the price but about how they were misled. Marketing goons the world over need to learn that their obfuscating bullshit and lying about ballparks has consequences.
Many of my friends have done exactly this, and every day it seems more and more foolish that I don't follow.
This is how we defeated alcoholism, right?
This may be one of the most effective inadvertent arguments against socialized medicine I've ever seen. "Since the government pays your health bill, the government gets to decide how you live." No thanks.
Well, except for the fact that Ghadafi sponsored multiple terrorist attacks in the west and had turned Anti aircraft weapons on protesters. He was an enemy of the West, and only calmed down once Bush went crazy in Iraq, and Ghadafi realized he could be next on the hitlist. When an opportunity to easily remove him presented itself, it is no surprise that it was taken.
Except of course, the Mujaheddin that the CIA armed in the Afghanistan war didn't become the Taliban or Al Qaeda, they became the Northern Alliance. Hardly good guys, but not a real problem for anyone in the West.
They don't have "The Omega Virus" so it is the worst thing ever.
Calgary teen clearly has too much time on her hands. Maybe the CBE should open up a labour camp for after school activity?
&gt;losing 25% of the condo value is a valid concern No it isn't. No one is promised that their property value will only go up.
Exactly. Shitting on Veterans has always been Canadian.
Anyone who would kill themselves because of what a shirt says is welcome to do so.
Ha Ha. Fuck you. Your magic Sky-man is stupid and you should feel ashamed for believing what you do. Go bang your head towards Santa Claus or eat crackers pretending they are people somewhere else.
Hopefully Inglewood gets washed away in the next flood. Replace it with some nice condos.
Ukraine got rid of its nuclear weapons, look where that got them. North Korea developed nuclear weapons, and lil' Kim can do whatever he likes to the Hermit Kingdom. Nuclear weapons aren't going anywhere. This is a wasted effort.
Wait, some people get GST back?!
If the Oculus Store is as bad as the pre-order system they have in place, I will be very unhappy.
Well, I certainly wouldn't trust data produced by city officials at the behest of their political masters.
&gt; I do so love the media portrayal of CPS. When a child is taken into care "THOSE EVIL CPS WORKERS!". When something happens to a child that wasn't brought into care "THOSE STUPID CPS WORKERS!". Of course, this is well deserved thanks to the brutal incompetence on display at CPS.
The Liberals weren't about to forget their friends. Why else would someone go into politics in Canada?
Break the public unions entirely.
On a positive note, we can replace all dirty energy production by harvesting energy from Christopher Hitchens' spinning corpse.
Fuck no. Send people who can't save to labour camps.
Lazy asshole charged for not clearing off his vehicle? Good.
lol, what a joke. Is the Hawk even functional yet?
The solution is global warming is nuclear power and nuclear weapons. Any other proposals are just feel-good nonsense.
No No No No No. An Olympic bid is such a bad idea it makes the NEXT project look like a good use of public funds.
Insulting stupid people is a good thing. The stupid, worthless vermin who populate our lands must be reminded of their subhuman status on a regular basis. Of course, climate deniers fit in well with anti-vax types in the stupid vermin category.
Being white didn't help the nutjobs at Waco.
CoH players are whiny little bitches sometimes, so Relic had to make a change.
Sounds like this guy decided to cross in the middle of the road, away from any crosswalk, in low-visibility conditions? Changing the rules of the road won't stop stupidity like that.
Hunter was brought in to do exactly what he is doing. He is a hatchet man.
It's fine. Any cost is justifiable because it makes some guilt ridden people feel slightly better about themselves.
But, you are so weak ISIS. Even if you managed to unite all islamic nations under one banner, you would still be a distant 6th after the US, EU, China, India, and Russia. So, good luck?
Nah. Sacrificing our way of life to save some from the Middle East is not humane, it is simply foolish. Global warming, economic upheaval, and Islam will conspire to make sure that the history of Africa and the Middle East will be one of death in the 21st century. The smartest thing we can do about it is pretend it isn't happening, because we can't stop it. We can only hurt ourselves trying.
If something is hard to do and you won't get anything out of it, but risk losing everything, then it is not worth doing.
How the fuck did this get to court, and when will proceedings against the crown prosecutor responsible begin?
If his duties as cabinet minister are preventing him from representing his constituents maybe he should resign as from the cabinet.
How is one any less natural than the other?
People are generally unhappy with Russian puppets and Islamic Republics, so being happy about their demise isn't really a bad thing.
&gt; For 10 years Alberta turned its back on Ontario as its manufacturing was being hollowed out by Harper's "energy superpower" push. Fuck off. The energy industry was the only thing keeping the Canadian economy going for the last 10 years. Ontario is no longer competitive as a manufacturer. Energy prices are too high, labour costs are out of this world. The idea that we should fuck the entire god damned country with a low dollar just to mask that is ridiculous. Why should everyone impoverish themselves just to make Ontario slightly more attractive (but not attractive enough to save its industry from Mexico)
&gt; "Greaaat, another trainer..." Yup, another product I won't buy. Good luck with it anyway.
You mean this? &gt;At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided. The part where you waffle and suggest you might make something a little less trainer-tastic? This is DCS, and I will believe it the moment you release it, and not a second earlier. C'mon man, this is DCS development, we all know the score.
&gt; At this stage, whether we develop the Embraer 312 (Tucano) or Embraer 314 (Super Tucano) has not been decided.
was yyc_guy convicted in a court of law?
Because prices are only elastic in an upwards direction.
Quebec deserves to be viewed with contempt. Somehow they manage to be less prosperous than the small prairie provinces and more needy than the tiny maritime provinces. Quebec is the little fat kid who always has his hand out for another share.
Still fine. Sell them all the weapons we can. They are all going to die anyway, if we can make a buck off it, I say go for it.
How does someone who helped blow up an airliner not spend his entire life in jail? The only reason he should ever leave his cell is to hang.
Locals were living in the hotel?
Can it be brought back by travelers? The 2016 Olympics could be exciting.
If only equalization payments were the only way Quebec was patronized.
I guess I only have a little experience with hotels but I would have never expected hotel prices to be cheaper than rent. Even shitty hotels. I guess it depends on the area.
His brain was not available for comment, having been recently destroyed.
Of course on the front page today... http://news.sky.com/story/1631065/zika-virus-may-have-spread-to-common-mosquito
lol, fuck off with the Sanders nonsense. US forces during the occupation of Iraq not telling the buffoons in Baghdad about their contingencies is not a surprise, because it wouldn't help anyone. You can even see it in the quote, the director of the dam rejects the idea that there is even a problem.
You can't argue with the CRA. this woman is a liar and clearly dead.
BC isn't the lumbering welfare case Quebec is though.
Transit's rentacop goons seem to be travelling in groups of 8, locking down a station each night to catch deadbeats. seems like a good plan if they have the numbers to maintain security across the system as well.
Only The Onion. This is That is trash.
Nah, it isn't just equalization payments, and it is really just Quebec. The patronage of Quebec at the expense of other provinces, especially the have-not provinces, is obscene.
Isn't the fine something like $300 now?
lol at everyone in the last thread who thought the league would look at the preceding brain impact as a factor. This is the Gary Bettman show, and here, the crystal ball decides punishment
Yeah, this post is taking up valuable bytes that could be used on another doom and gloom story.
because god. Now excuse me while my brain dribbles out of my head.
and when it comes to famous people I have trouble believing anything. People are psychotic.
Thanks for the counterargument. much good reading will be had.
and prices will rise to pay the wages, and the mincome will be poverty-tastic.
Going to the moon was an accomplishment of our very best minds. Mincome is spending our wealth on some of the very worst.
Use your words.
It was remarkable watching people throw away opportunity after opportunity in the boom here in Calgary. I can't imagine what it is like in places that didn't have that bonus.
Since she is apologizing across time and generations, do you think she could could apologize to the millions of future Canadians who will be saddled with the burden of an Ontario that was guided by Wynne?
huh? Without Lend-Lease the USSR would have been critically short of gunpowder and steel for large periods of the war, especially in 1942. Hard to win a war without gunpowder and steel.
huh? Have you read what /u/dontsuspendmebro has written? If you want to waste your time trying to convince him that he is wrong, be my guest, but I'm going to point out that his is wrong and leave it at that. How do you argue with someone who believes that the Eastern front was settled in January of 1942, motorized transportation is unimportant in war, and that the USSR was the 2nd biggest producer of gunpowder and steel in WW2?
So is this some sort of modern art project?
It really feels like the Golden Age of Information the Internet was supposed to bring is being destroyed by dumb people using the Internet to become louder.
I've seen Vice and The Guardian called American propaganda weapons. People cite GlobalResearch.ca and InfoWars freely. Dumb people are using the Internet to get louder. News sites do need to do a better job separating Opinion pieces from news though.
So is Oculus finally starting to get ahead on the shipping deal? I'm seeing a lot of people with late June ETA's claiming theirs has processed with shipping this week.
But if you buy something different than what I buy, that's just like saying I bought the wrong thing, which is like calling me an idiot! HOW DARE YOU?!
I find a solid "Head's up!" as I enter a train to be sufficient. As a bonus, it doesn't have the apologetic tones "excuse me" does, because honestly the people blocking the doors are the ones who should be apologizing. Easy.
If you are expecting the CTrain to be operating normally on a weekend, you are in for a bad time. The Ctrain is only convenient for 9-5 commuters for the downtown rush Monday through Friday.
I can't believe the head of Oculus Support still has a job.
I would be on a Vive in a heartbeat, but my only plan with VR is DCS and other high-performance type sims, which demand ATW to be functional. If you are in the market for VR specific games, you'd be a fool not to go for a Vive.
He makes a good cover for the rest of council to hide behind.
&gt;Thirty-six-year-old James Patrick Benson is a two-time federal offender with a history of violent offences including attempted murder and sexual assault with a weapon LOL, I'm glad he was "secured" in that half-way house. Seriously, if he attempted to murder someone, he should be in jail for life or hang for it. Lower sentences shouldn't be given out just because he is bad at murder.
So, I googled this chucklefuck. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/high-risk-sex-offender-breaches-release-in-vancouver-1.1240607 &gt;James Patrick Benson, 32, walked away from the halfway house he was staying at in Vancouver late Thursday night. &gt;**Apr 06, 2012** Previous release breaches! Fuck yeah justice system, keep trusting this violent worthless loser.
A weak and costly decision by a feckless government. Why pay 100% of the cost for a new plane when we can pay 90% to get a 20 year old plane, and then add massive cost to the RCAF to support multiple types of planes?
We treat it like a jobs program. The most inefficient jobs program in human history.
National defense is still important. After all, just across the arctic from us is an entire nation of people desperate for the approval of their midget strongman dictator. If it ever comes down to it and America has to crush them for us, we can at least say we helped, and didn't sit at the kid's table with Iceland. Not to mention our commitment to friends in Europe who have to live next door to the lunatics.
This is the MP that got launched into hysterics after Trudeau beat down her fellow NDP member right? Somehow made it into a women's issue? She doesn't seem capable of good decisions, so this is no surprise.
Well, at least it isn't on fire. yet.
&gt; Muhammad Ali Referring to this probably. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad_Ali#Affiliation_with_the_Nation_of_Islam
The Nation of Islam is a form of mental illness where the standard madness of religion simply wasn't good enough and the members felt the need to go "full retard". examples. &gt; original peoples of the world were black and that white people were a race of "devils" created by a scientist named Yakub (the Biblical and Qur'anic Jacob) on the Greek island of Patmos. According to the supreme wisdom lessons, Fard taught that whites were devils because of a culture of lies and murder that Yakub instituted on the island to ensure the creation of his new people. oh, and a new favourite. &gt; Since 2010, under Farrakhan, members have been strongly encouraged to study Dianetics, and the Nation claims it has trained 1055 auditors. Just in case you were worried that your local perversion of Islam didn't have enough Scientology in it. Being associated with these people is not a positive thing...
Of course, European policies also make it a very closed jobs market. Hopefully you have a strong education.
Yeah, the Empire of the Rising Sun certainly got "pwned". It was fucking great.
How does massively overpaying employees in the public sector work?
The Australians and United States Navy are grownups when it comes to this. Canada will take an "interim" solution and make it last 30 years. Note that both Australia and the USN have been comfortable operating different kinds of planes for years, whereas the RCAF considers 2 types of planes to be a maintenance burden it cannot overcome.
lol. Working with outsourced workers is a nightmare I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. Good luck RBC.
&gt;and to have some empathy and real knowledge about experiences that are different from your own. Nah. The weak are here to suffer. Have at it.
The UN is of no consequence. Just ignore it and it'll go away eventually.
What is written and what is right isn't always the same thing though. Look out, WIFI is right behind you nutjob!
Fucking idiot.
Geriatrics mad at world. Fuck them though. Double taxes on everyone over 65.
As punishment, his knees should be shattered and forbid him from using a wheelchair.
&gt; 'meat head abusers like pit bulls' I'm not going to argue the merits of pit bulls or whether they should be banned, but I am going to point out that this is true. The worthless loser brigade that plagues our planet are attracted to pit bulls like moths to flame.
My GTX 1080 and Oculus shipped on the same day. Not bad timing.
The U.S. Is provoking Russia by not letting Russia dominate its neighbours. I won't shed any tears.
The trailer trash candidate doesn't have a real foreign policy
We learned from the mistakes of the 30s that sometimes defending others is the best way to keep ourselves safe
Why the fuck would Eastern Europe side with Russia? Between the Russian empire and the Soviet Union, the poles and the baltics have suffered enough Russian friendship, which is why they were so desperate to join nato.
Why? Keeping the peace is clearly in the States' best interests.
wow, that inspector is out of shape. Don't the Regina police have standards?
A victory for all mankind.
How do you get rid of it?
Costs will go up, my income is unlikely to rise with it, so tips will go down.
Yeah.... if that isn't dealt with harshly, the entire mod team should be banned.
They have an agenda, this doesn't meet the agenda. News removed.
&gt; We've updated the automod config to report rather than remove articles relating to this. HOWEVER, we have to still work through them to approve them all. We've also unlocked the locked threads. And we're going to try to go back and approve incorrectly removed comments, though that is a lower priority right this moment. This is nothing. Permanent ban for all mods involved.
&gt;Update: The mod mentioned in point #4 is no longer on the /r/news mod team. Every mod involved should be removed.
&gt;ageist lol.
Fuck bringing bikes on buses. CT has a hard enough time keeping on schedule. We don't need every fucker taking 5 minutes trying to strap his bike to the front of the bus.
heh, I'm replacing my 6 terraflop gpu this week. Neat that in 18 months an xbox will have the same power as a gpu that it collecting dust on a shelf in my office.
Generally people are ok with the suffering of others when they themselves don't have to suffer. For example, you have a computer and are posting on reddit, meanwhile thousands of children will die today from malnutrition. Are you a monster because you didn't take on more suffering in order to alleviate some of theirs?
Germany is obsessed with invading Sweden every time I play. The first time it ended with Swedish troops occupying Tokyo and Berlin. The second time I save-scummed in as Sweden and disbanded their entire army 3 times, and the German army still can't take more than a 3rd of Sweden. Sweden (and many other minors) are far too powerful for the AI majors to deal with.
Perfectly acceptable answer. I don't think you are a monster, but I know a lot of people struggle with their basic humanity. I'm perfectly comfortable saying that I would not sacrifice my luxuries to help the less fortunate, and while many people can't bring themselves to say that, the way they act shows that they agree with me. The short of it? Richer nations will be eating meat and eating vegetables grown all season while poorer and overpopulated nations sink into the dirt.
No, he just proclaimed allegiance to Radical Islam because it represents the strongest force that aligns with his hatred.
The content of the Bible actually brings "Thou shalt not kill" into question on many occasions. Thou shalt not kill unless god commands it, which he does frequently. New plan : kill god.
in my USA game that lasted til 1948, Roosevelt died 6 times.
People should respect education. Intelligent people are objectively superior. Of course, a degree doesn't guarantee intelligence.
This is why we cannot have nice things. Everyone has their fucking agenda. Each side drives the other to be more extreme.
Why should people give up their rights because it might make it easier for some loser to off themselves? Of all the reasons for more gun control, this is one of the weakest.
Chaining people in a basement definitely works at preventing violence, but it isn't right.
This just in : Government agency incompetent! Shock spreads as people realize that unionized public employees are generally inefficient, yet often in positions of critical importance.
scumbag company using scumbag tactics? nah..
I find the idea of a Catholic Pope trying to be a force for good to be a "strange paradox".
Destroying a "modern" conventional military force like Russia's is what the US military excels at.
Death is natural. You should open up to unnatural solutions.
&gt;"We do not see Ninth Avenue as being a conduit that is transporting suburbanites to downtown. We see it as being our main street," Well, you are fucking wrong. Deal with it.
&gt;globalresearch.ca
Inglewood is not a gem. 9th begins from Bow Trail in the west, is one way through downtown, and terminates just passed Blackfoot. It is absolutely a commuter corridor.
I'm surprised retailers don't take advantage of the situation. These cards should be selling for $200-$300 more than their sticker price given demand. I imagine they would take too much of a PR hit from people who believe they are owed a "correct" price.
Good. I mean, I'd prefer much more stock, but I'd also prefer retailers and manufacturers get paid over Ebay middlemen.
Turns out few of them saved enough to retire. Get ready to pay the difference!
I would love to see Canada hook up with Dassault for some Rafales or some other air superiority fighter, but the reality is that will never happen. It's too expensive. The F-35, Superhornet, and Gripen are the only options. Superhornet is old, Gripen is less capable, and all 3 planes will cost about the same. The choice is pretty obvious.
Death by hanging.
I really enjoy it when CT rent-a-cops set up at the top of escalators to check tickets. Real safe boys.
&gt;What grownass man Homeless junkies aren't people.
It's the city of Calgary. They dramatically overpay. Also, being fired from the City is essentially impossible.
If you don't have a relationship with them, tell them to fuck off. If they trespass on your property, call the police.
Wrong. Homeless junkies are not people.
Everyone should be afraid of the willful abandonment of rational thought.
But how could we afford to do this and yet still dramatically overpay employees and managers at city hall? Priorities man.
anti-vaxxers aren't human.
Progress on such a scale is rarely bloodless.
RT showed T-72B3 tanks ("modern" 2014 Russia only variant) at Debaltseve during the battle there. Still denied it. Facts are irrelevant to their audience anyway, so who gives a fuck?
No, but compare what is here now with what would have been here without colonization.
Hopefully this drives more services away from Canada Post. My local carrier is apparently illiterate and getting something shipped by CP feels like playing Russian Roulette. Someone on my block will get my package, it might even be me!
The mob is too stupid to realize they've been cheated and take it out on the producer who was also cheated. LOL
&gt;Who cares if it's old People who want to host events. Physics.
Everyone needs to stand up to the worthless crybaby losers that have nothing better to do than complain. In addition to the Swing of Doom, I saw the story on the campaign to block Carl's Jr. from Mac Hall at the UofC because apparently Carl's Jr is misogynist. People like this deserve nothing but ridicule.
Russia threatens nukes a lot because they are hilariously weak compared to the west.
I was scared we would appoint people based on their credentials and skill. Thankfully, the important factor in the judiciary (that it's diverse enough to make us feel good) is prioritized.
It is never time to post that shitty Onion knockoff.
lol
&gt;This is a hard truth for some meat eaters in the West: The animals we call food are no different than dogs, in their ability to suffer emotionally and physically. So? We treat dogs and cats differently because of cultural quirks.
I really hate low quality Canadian knockoffs. It is embarrassing.
Any Facebook group really.
Football.
Fuck that, I can wait 3 months and watch it on my home theater system. Given how expensive movie tickets have gotten, it may even make financial sense too.
They don't seem to do a lot to prevent stolen keys from being sold.
If people have the pc to play a $40 game they can buy the $40 game when it comes up on a Steam sale. If they can't, they should put the video games away and work to improve their situation.
Math in higher level grade school and higher education should be brutal and unforgiving. If you can't handle it you don't graduate, regardless of major.
The sandwich place downstairs just raised prices by nearly a dollar. I was shocked. Now does not seem like the best time for a 15% price increase. They don't seem to have a handle on reality.
All this fuss for 2100 trips per day? And pandering to the weak, again.
ugh. It sucks for anyone nearby when a new drop in center is built. The one issue I agree with NIMBY types on. No one wants to live next to a trash pile.
They should hang.
All violent criminals, those convicted of vehicle theft or those convicted of break and enter of a residence should be hung. They are vermin and do not deserve to live.
America is still the land of opportunity. A growing population of those that won't seize it isn't a good thing. People should be outraged at themselves.
If he can't do his job because of his private interests, eject him from council and call an election.
If they couldn't be bothered to be prepared in a timely fashion it was apathy and they don't deserve a say if they can't put the tiny effort in required to do so.
Willful ignorance is malice.
It's easy to get feel good messages like this across all of city hall. Any and all complaints die before they can be recorded though. Perfect record!
How many people are on the back of every working Canadian these days? How many baby boomers without retirement funds are going to add to that? Working Canadians can't afford to take any time off.
Nah, people are just dumber and more entitled now. The 5 digit debt is a choice offered to the dumb, who readily take it. Housing remains affordable in Canada, as long as you don't want to live in Vancouver or Toronto.
&gt;Yesterday, a group of scumbags affiliated with local real estate companies organized a tour of Hamilton for a group of investors LOL. The weak and the poor will eventually be displaced. It is the way of the universe.
Sacrificing for your kids is no longer a thing. Not when you can buy a new ipad every year and finance a new car because the lease on your 2013 vehicle is up. It's easier for parents if little Jonny plays facebook games.
If you think it is a problem, vote to fix it. Find someone who will eliminate the CPP and break the boomers' ability to afford their (still mortgaged) houses. You'll see prices drop then. Or, keep subsidizing an entire generation that "owns" their own homes at your expense.
Holy shit, an actual sentence?
This should be matched by a significant decrease in employee pay and a brutal crackdown on incompetence by a series of auditors. But it won't.
What others will get out of this is that tits + violence = ratings in 18-49. Media executives will never make the connection that quality = sustained ratings.
lol, he could sell it in front of the police station for a bag of crack and not get caught.
We need cow catchers to prevent major delays because of idiocy, but limiting their injuries shouldn't be a priority. Every jaywalker getting removed from the gene pool by the 30t train they didn't notice is a victory for our entire species.
Round the mentally ill into containment facilities? seems extreme.
"The Northeast" starts at 14st now.
camps for hobos? I'm game.
That picture of the Huffingtonpost editorial board would be appropriate here.
Exhibit A on why condos are fucking terrifying to buy into. Responsibility? Warranty? Fuck you, that is your warranty.
Keeping them operational isn't free though. Russia has had a desperate need to replace its ICBM and SLBM fleet for a long time. Budget cuts and the loss of a chunk of their rocket manufacturing (sourced parts from Ukraine), replacement will be difficult.
Well, 100% of them are women, several of them could pass as white (also evil in case you hadn't heard). Also, if you pay attention to US Affirmative Action standards you will find that asian doesn't count as different. I love identity politics, they are the best.
I was worried we might get the economy going. Blocking prosperity is the quickest way to a green future right?
Hanging for all bike thieves.
If you want to pit Russia's land and sea based missile forces against the Minuteman III and Trident D5 you are going to be disappointed. Hell, many of the Russian rocket forces are still liquid fueled. Liquid fueled rockets are a bitch to maintain. The US recently embarked on a large scale upgrade of its nuclear weapon program, and reliance testing is constant. Meanwhile, the Russian nuclear deterrent spent 20 years in the dark.
And like everything the Russians have built in the last 30 years, they are few in number and questionable in quality. Minuteman III is solid fuel, something only the newest Russian missiles can claim.
Wait, is the billionaire in the golden tower with his Goldman Sachs appointees not part of the establishment?
"Don't be a fuckwit" says man.
Mission Accomplished.
They have a rebate they should not have, they will be fine.
This will increase prices while only helping a few menials. Low energy.
Bring back serfdom.
Well, he can't cure cancer... Government shouldn't meddle in economics just to protect some factory drones. Low-skill factory workers aren't worth it.
I recommend stripping them of that right then. Democracy fails when the quality of voter drops. A set of skill testing questions and an income filter would do wonders for democracy.
Fuckups who can't manage their own lives shouldn't be given the power of choice over anyone else.
This is a problem for shareholders. If they think the CEO is worth what they are paying, that's great. More than a few companies are being taken for a ride by someone who was given a golden parachute though.
Denmark also showed us up with their competence. Our government bureaucracy is a fucking joke and needs to be shaken down to its core.
That's not a very smart thing to say though. Would you like to change what you've said before many more people read it? We have an edit function.
&gt;I think for myself I don't think this part is true
The rebates are foolish. Why the fuck are we exempting 60% of people from the carbon tax? People who haven't managed to pass the income cutoff for the rebates (short-term layoffs notwithstanding) aren't exactly the best decision makers we have. Reducing the pain they feel will not help them make more carbon neutral decisions, it just passes the costs up.
I live near all the amenities I need and commute to work on the C-Train. I have to fill my car with gas maybe 6-8 times a year. I keep my home at 19.5c which is quite easy thanks to a couple new windows and some solid insulation. I'll get jack-shit out of this carbon tax but new costs thanks to my success. Don't worry though. My neighbour with his lifted shitwaggon and busted muffler will continue to belch black smoke into the air warming his truck for 30 minutes every morning, shielded from any new consequences thanks to the NDP coddling failures with rebates. Wooooooo
A rope and a secure mounting point can fix all kinds of problems, but our government isn't big on solving problems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lKCmxcDDBM If you can't make your vehicle safe, do not drive it.
China sees Russia as an eventual puppet, just need to wait for the corpse of the Soviet Union to cool off a bit more.
Russia has a tiny economy with no infrastructure and a culture where 25% of men die before age 55. US debt is nothing compared to that.
You have no grasp of this situation.
You require an education that goes far beyond a couple internet comments. The fact that you would look for one on reddit is one of your problems.
Yup. The public union must be destroyed for this city to move forward.
What, are you too weak to shovel 2 inches of snow, or too poor to hire a neighbourhood kid to do it for you?
good for him? Syria has been destroyed. There aren't enough alawites left for Assad to maintain power post-war.
What is everyone's bet on sentences? I'm thinking single digits all around. Can't let justice prevail. Obviously everyone involved in this swarming attack should be put to death. Too bad we are unwilling.
I like your optimism, but I suspect they'll get the minimum - whatever time already served.
Europe is in the process of disintegration and being corrupted by the Russians.
Lol, lets see what happens to the French elections.
The US and the Soviet Union were in a tech race, because they were two super powers. Modern Russia is nothing compared to the old Soviet Union though.
France and Germany are Europe now that Brexit is happening. If France falls to the Russian party Europe is over.
Tough shit for them. Try not living in the middle of nowhere if you want more stuff.
People in Calgary and Edmonton need protection from rural voters getting more say and using more resources taken from taxpayers in the cities.
&gt;neurodiversity Every time I see this it is related someone who is less capable than average. Do we contrast paraplegics with a term like "physiodiversity" to hide the fact that one state is clearly worse than the other?
Well, that's the easy part. If said American president had a moon-sized ego, a child's temperament, and could get so hysterical that he would literally ask "Are we living in Nazi Germany?" on twitter, a weaker nation that had dirt on him that could deflate his ego would probably have a pretty easy time controlling him.
Lots of people like trade agreements. Low skill types don't because they are easily replaceable, but who gives a fuck about them?
Quite possibly. Trump isn't exactly a model human being, and Russia has always been aggressive in the realm of espionage.
No, the pain people will feel is a good thing. It is clear that people aren't taking the responsibility of living in a democracy seriously, some pain might kick a few of them into gear.
&gt;some might say, sexist idiots say a lot of things that aren't worth wasting energy on.
shhh... if you mention how the older generation is effectively stealing from younger generations through the government they start calling you names.
lol, what an example. Totally reasonable. Good job.
&gt; rigged a democratic election uhhh, what? &gt; formerly hostile Ask anyone in the Baltics, Ukraine, or Georgia about that.
I want life redefined so that parking in my parking space is considered murder.
Peace is good for business. The last big European problem became everyone's problem.
What? The EU and the US have the same strategy with regards to the Ukraine situation. Sanctions. Given the level of trade, the EU is sacrificing more over Ukraine than the US, which makes sense given the proximity. They seem to care at the same level. It is absolutely true that Russia is not Nazi Germany, and it's economy measures up more with Mexico than a real world power, but that doesn't mean you just let them get away with pushing around their neighbours. You don't leave a problem unchecked until it becomes unmanageable. You put the effort in to stop it while it's still cheap to do so.
"rigged" is a pretty strong term for what happened in the Democratic primary. Also, what happens in the Democrats' primary is their business, if they want to betray their base and help their insider win over an outsider, cheat their own debates, they are welcome to shoot themselves in the foot. It doesn't rise to "rigging the election".
Raise property taxes on businesses and residences downtown. That'll fix it for sure.
Nah. Bring out a flat tax.
&gt; US also told Russia they would not expand NATO east Something Gorbachev denies, but that doesn't stop the fact-challenged from repeating it.
Nah, all Jeeps are garbage because all Jeeps are Chrysler vehicles.
&gt;Sure, in a private discussion Nenshi called their CEO a dick, but that was accurate. Didn't Nenshi also suggest the City recruited undesirable scum and sent them through Uber's screening process successfully, which turned out to be false?
Criminal activity while under the colour of authority should result in extra-severe bonus punishment. 20 Years in jail should fix this cop's attitude.
&gt;Russia's stealth aircraft are nearing production lol. The Pak-FA is a fucking joke, and they'll build less than 12 of them.
So, these will be like British cruisers but without the citadel weakness right?
True, maybe Russia will break with 35 years of tradition and build something worthwhile.
He should die screaming. (At the hands of the state)
&gt;Their stuff isn't pretty but is extremely deadly and usually really rugged and dependable A myth. Russian airframes have short lifespans and extremely high failure rates. Ask India about their Sukhois.
Doesn't that go way above and beyond being "not accurate" about Uber's vetting process?
Have I grown powerful enough to command puppets? I always knew it would happen.
Yup, the stench from the rotting corpse of the Soviet Union is driving some people crazy.
Please do so.
Easter is the most evil of holidays. I blame Easter for the fact that we only have 1 stat for all of March/April.
&gt; he has undeniably brought some jobs back lol
I believe the maintenance being spoken of is station maintenance (think the shitty snow control job they do) not train repair.
No, the cancerous tumour attached to the neck of City Hall needs to be removed though.
Bleh. This shit just seems to waste more space.
&gt;who make less than $30,000 per year I hope these are mostly students because who the fuck wants to hear from the loser brigade?
So, people easily replaced by some third-worlder are worse off, and the rest of us are better off? Sounds like a lost opportunity to me.
He's trying to manage the economy from the top down in order to further his own interests and provide for the people who voted for him. Back in my day, conservatives would despise that, but it is 2017, and Trump is wearing the conservative jersey so people who consider themselves conservatives flock to him. I'm looking forward to a 2024 where conservatives are clamoring for a complete planned economy. Factory jobs for everyone!
Good, a cabinet member has no business protesting against the leader of our largest trading partner, especially when said leader is a childish buffoon who will base policy on who made fun of him the most.
I'm liking some of those cuts for the upper range of the middle class. Finally a tax plan that benefits people who made something of themselves with all the opportunity this country provides. Not the leaches who just coast along the bottom.
This is sad and pathetic. Come on dude, be a man and answer his question.
At some point, we as a society are going to have to come to grips with the idea that spending hundreds of thousands or millions saving an 82 year-old from their third cancer so that they can go back to their low quality of life isn't worth it anymore... Meanwhile, dental and optical care isn't covered because apparently eyes and teeth aren't important.
I remember when Direct2Drive cheated me out of this game long ago. I still send an email to them once a year asking how I can download the copy of SWAT 4 I purchased from them.
&gt; wedge in unrelated crap like copy write law &gt; international trade deals In what way is "copy write" not related here? ... it's copyright, by the way.
Every single person in every single location in every single democracy around the world can absolutely be blamed for not showing up. Fuck them.
Commoners are becoming obsolete, but the assholes in the rustbelt would rather sit on their asses looking for handouts than learn new skills and move to places where they are required. The State isn't responsible for you. Other, productive members of society shouldn't have to pay your way because you believe you deserve to have the same life your parents did.
Yeah, why even fucking try? That's how winners do it.
Yeah, if they want work they should find skills that are needed. Fucking over everyone to ensure that some snowflakes in the mid-west have jobs is just socialism with extra steps.
&gt;why not protest against a place like Saudi Arabia? I don't care about the people of Saudi Arabia.
Wow, low-skill worker fucks up? Who could have foreseen this?!
So the officers involved in threatening the citizen lost their jobs right?
&gt;What is your opinion on the de-regulation of the AR-15 rifle? O'Leary not a gun fan?
c'mon man, you are connected to a network that contains all of human knowledge, your ignorance is just embarrassing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_World
ah yeah, room clearing Doom device. Not that it matters, people who would vote for a man like O'Leary aren't going to let a thing like truth stop them.
Stop doubling down and admit your mistake like an adult. You'll be more likely to sway opinions if you act like someone worthy of respect.
&gt;The concept of "Second World" was a construct of the Cold War and the term has largely fallen out of use since the revolutions of 1989, although it is still used to describe countries that are in between poverty and prosperity, many of which are now capitalist states. I wonder which states suddenly became capitalist states around 1989?
Ha. This very late bird which was to be released completed is now launching as a beta preview, only available on the beta branch? Amusing.
Yup. Now we just need to pair it with a deportation process for some of the loser class who were born here and accomplish nothing. Maybe we could turn Greenland into some sort of colony?
why?
Lots of homeless vermin downtown abuse ambulances all the time.
Congrats for having low standards. &gt; I am more than capable of hunting and trapping. You seem like someone without skill, so don't be offended when I don't believe you.
I've never understood people like you. Why do you submit so readily to the reality distortion field of hype?
Can someone explain to me how signing your name to tax documents you know nothing about isn't fraud?
Do you think that without organ donation people will stop dying?
Nah. The Wildrose is too rural focused, they can go pound sand.
&gt;bus pass for Feb ($101) While we burn a fuckton of money subsidizing the elderly on transit, some is left over for low-income passes.
A united right would be too focused on rural issues and wouldn't represent my interests, so "nah" to a united right.
Wait just one fucking second. Are you saying that sports radio is talking about highly popular sports? THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS.
A) Apple sucks. B) Recently reddit switched on my old ipad to mobile mode, had to switch it back.
Imagine if the moon turns into a giant space dragon and eats the sun! Both things are about as likely.
NE Calgary is separated from Good Calgary by a border defined by 14st N down to 9th ave E, then Macleod Trail S down to Glenmore Trail E.
But what if I want my packages to arrive? Purolator is trash but my local UPS driver is literate, which puts him way above the local letter carrier from Canada Post.
She needs the support of the piles of human garbage who see false flags and secret muslim conspiracies everywhere. Gotta slink away into the darkness or risk saying something like the truth which would mortally offend her base.
Look at how much human garbage came out to vote for Trump. Degenerate failures are everywhere, and in much greater numbers than you would expect.
I actually feel no particular urge to convince them of anything. it was only through gross apathy and a system that values some votes more than others that allowed Trump to win. I'm far more concerned that the opposition will follow suit down the path of populism. &gt;Are you sure you want to be calling them human garbage? I've yet to interact with a Trump supporter worthy of respect. Show me one.
He's a candidate for the death penalty. He's claiming he is unable to control his actions.
&gt;You call them degenerate failures but it could be anyone in your entourage that supports Trump. It might even be the ones you least expect. Everyone in my "entourage" that support Trump are painfully obvious, and all of them fit quite comfortably in the "degenerate failure" category.
&gt;and the same people (give or take) will be lining up to vote then. This is what needs to change. The 30%+ of eligible voters need to get off their ass. &gt;Keep in mind that the vitriol you're directing towards them isn't that dissimilar to what your opponents say towards their enemies (minus, of course, the racist rhetoric). Be careful when you fight the monsters, lest you become one. Sure, but the distinction is that they are wrong. I'm not advocating that anyone be silenced. I encourage them to speak their mind so that all the world can see what they truly are.
&gt;verybody does not win in politics, but that does not mean that you should not respect the perso., their ideas and convictions may be wrong but that doesn't change that they have them. Sure, and I can respect a Liberal, an NDPer, a Conservative, a Democrat, a Republican. Some things I can't respect, like a Trumper. The rest of what you say is just wishy-washy new age crap. Respect is earned, not given away.
You really need to expand your horizons beyond self-help books.
&gt; NPR, The New York Times and other hard-left outlets lol.
&gt;Wacky liberals blame Trump for their weight gain &gt;National Intelligence Council Report warns that genetic engineering poses unprecedented threat to the world &gt;How to defeat the globalist system &gt;Homeschool dad sues federal government for kidnapping his 7 children… medical tyranny run amok Natural News is bait for dumb people.
I've never seen chemtrails and the like as liberal issues. The dumbest of shit always seems to validate the Horseshoe Theory. Eventually both sides get dumb enough that they meet to share ideas.
I'm not interested in torturing anyone. I just want justice done.
Pay double, get less than half. That's the Canada I know.
Mulcair won't be satisfied until he destroys the NDP brand permanently. Good. &gt; “paid her debt” No, she hasn't. &gt; is there any room for atonement and forgiveness? No.
I hope that the reduced hours at the landfills mean reduced union jobs to pay for.
They think they are too important to wait until they get to a trash can.
"Lets give the racists exactly what they want" says man with poster.
yeah, pretty much
2 points. 1) SS loved to commit war crimes. All Nazis did. 2) It's not a warcrime to murder nazis, it is a moral imperative.
who are you arguing with?
Your cold shitty beach pales in comparison to the Rockies
They pander to delusional fools. He should have alerted authorities.
Why cubes? Make Baffin Island a penal colony.
We continue to tolerate the presence of garbage in our society. Angry violent drunks and junkies can be found in all 4 corners of downtown. Of course things like this will happen.
I love it when people with a long history of crime take a life.
No, we don't learn. He has learned that we won't stop him.
The drop in and Alpha House should be closed. The patrons of those places should be banished.
did I need the sarcasm tag?
Exactly. Every citizen should be able to have his citizenship revoked, with a noose.
&gt; They are given out in safe injection kits in the city. Thanks guys!
The police won't do anything. They know it is just a waste of resources to process scum when the justice system refuses to act.
You are right. Junkies are hives of disease and should be banished from society.
The north half is, but it isn't an export variety.
It's a guarantee that this won't be his last victim.
Last time I checked Nigeria was a nation, not a race.
That was Comedy Central's interference. They demanded more topical content.
relying on a myth to do our justice for us is one of the problems.
I'm not sure what this has to do with the topic at hand, but I agree.
It should be spent on behalf of the people who provide the money. A national defense is a requirement, more money into the hobo pit is not.
&gt;Guilty by association, is it? With the SS? Yeah.
&gt;advocating for the murder of every SS member Execution is not murder, also... &gt; All officers in the SS should have been hanged.
Fortunately this guy had the forethought to video tape his crimes for the trial.
Woah now, you want the City to stop burning money? What are you a nazi?!
Shoddy craftsmanship is part of the Alberta Advantage.
If we take $30 billion/year and divide among 5 million people, that would be $6000/year. Really putting the "Basic" in basic income.
As much as I don't like the way Russia's government does business, I'd like to see Scientology try their shenanigans and see how far they get with the FSB. Hard to blackmail someone willing to gun you down in the streets.
It benefits the few at the expense of the many hardworking people out there who provide for themselves?
It's a welfare program that abandons the concept of justice. People with legitimate issues get shit on so that the loser class who couldn't be fucked to gain any skills or knowledge can benefit. People with disabilities should be able to lead a dignified life, even if others have to pay for it. Deadbeat trash that spit on every opportunity they ever had deserve nothing.
If the city is just handing out money to private organizations, I want money for a Tesla solar roof and the wall battery.
People will never react well to strangers correcting them like that. Feel free to do it if it makes you feel better, just don't expect any change.
Lots of criminals with long histories back out and about victimizing the innocent. Maybe we should just get Judge Dredd on the streets. &gt;Most people are good people, they just make poor choices. Fuck, I just found out why we have so much crime these days.
I'm only sad that Kevin will be allowed to continue to victimize the community. He's had his strikes, get rid of the problem.
Wow, you would victimize drug addled trash by keeping your property from them? You are the real monster.
lol, the Liberals sure know how to obfuscate their conservative policies with lefty speak. I like it.
He helped plan a home invasion that ended with the death of an innocent person. He has been convicted of said crime. Why the fuck has he not been executed?
&gt;Not everything needs to make sense. What a disgusting policy.
If you can't use the road effectively get the fuck off the road.
Nah. All roads should have a minimum cruising speed in addition to a maximum speed.
Basic income reshuffles resources given by those who do to those who won't, and away from those that can't.
But it is a great motivator to clean toilets at a reasonable price.
Assad is just as much a monster as the rest, he's also been the enemy of the west for a long time.
Yeah, starving political prisoners to death by the hundreds and gassing your own people is something everyone does.
You know, reading through these comments as a guy who is against the minimum wage increase I am just floored by the number of people who think O&amp;G sector jobs are overpaid. That is fucking nuts, it's the rest of our shitty economy that underpays. Canadian companies are notoriously cheap as fuck, and you chumps are part of the reason why they get away with it. Who the fuck would get an education and skills for $60k CAD a year? Why even get out of bed for that? No wonder wages have stagnated for so long. Stop letting yourselves be cheated out of your time and effort.
The whole thing is practically a scam. "We need 10 years of experience, a heap load of skill, and you should be grateful we even pay you!" - Most Canadian companies.
OP is likely looking for a highly skilled individual desperate enough to work for pennies.
ding ding ding ding.
Well I guess if your skill set is that narrow, and demand for your skills has sunk through the floor that would suck, but you should never be "grateful" for a job. It's a transaction between 2 parties who are both profiting from it. No one is supposed to be getting any favours here.
is Elder Scrolls getting the KOTOR treatment? Killed by a shitty MMO?
Hopefully after teasing the F-18 they announce that the game they've been working on for 7 years is finally release quality and launch 2.5
The people of Ontario love being fucked by their government. Public servants in Canada are already dramatically overpaid.
They are public servants. It needs to be a 7.5% decrease.
Voluntary immigration and conquest are different things
A Canadian murder sentence for taking some pictures?!
Eliminating the unwanted and the sick before they are born is a super efficient use of tax dollars that I applaud.
Yahoo rejected a $44 billion dollar buyout and settled for a 4.5 billion dollar buyout 9 years later. Not much of a success story.
she ran a company for 5 years which is now worth 1/10th of what it was 9 years ago. She may have gotten the best possible outcome, but that doesn't change the fact that the result isn't worth the compensation.
lol, yeah. I agree that you can be against exorbitant compensation for CEOs by boards who have no fucking clue but if the CEO is a woman then that would be misogyny. Oh fuck wait no that's dumb as hell.
We need to find ways to make OD'ing more lethal, not less common.
Yeah, and they concentrate crime for anyone unlucky enough to be a neighbour.
Forced rehab for any drug addict convicted of a crime. Execution for any 2nd offenses while addicted to drugs.
Oh good, the moron patrol!
So they are retards is what you are saying. I haven't seen any socialists in charge of anything in Canada.
I'm pro-gun and think our gun control laws are fucking dumb but joining a militia group should be grounds for confiscation.
I enjoy the way you veer into victimhood, just like the SJWs you hate. &gt;But you are so quick to dehumanize people you disagree with. Yeah, you have a quota of stupid. Once you exceed that quota, your human membership gets revoked. &gt;while giving Muslims a free pass even though they assaulted our soldiers and attacked our parliament. Well, I don't actually remember giving Muslims a free pass, but the last time I checked Muslims aren't all part of a single hive mind. Calling all Muslims guilty for the acts of a tiny minority sounds like something a Marxist would do. You wouldn't be one of those would you, *comrade*?
I kind of assume that operating a militia is illegal in Canada, especially one under a foreign flag.
I think the trick is to not insult people here. Pretty sure it is kosher to call a "Patriot" militia group in Canada using American symbols stupid.
If I yawned any more, my jaw would disconnect. Try again, this time with more gusto. "All muslims think like a book" is an interesting assertion. I've never encountered a book that could think.
I'm not going to demonize and entire group of people because of the actions of a few. That would be fucking stupid.
Why does it "blow your mind"? I mean, look at the seats they won.
Are there any events I can attend to take away support from Alpha House?
You support the victimization of innocent people just to stoke your ego. I am not the bad guy in this equation.
I tried to explain to this guy a few days ago that babies don't even develop a sense of self for 6 months after they are born and thus are not really people. He did not agree.
Not really a point to the story, I just enjoyed the act of telling it.
... what?
20 years hard labour in the far north should help these trashbags reconsider their future career. I hope they get caught.
The best weapon against Alex Jones and his army of idiots is to let the man speak openly.
&gt;Should laws surrounding public photography be changed in light of changing technology? No. Looks like we are done here.
Mid 2018 at the earliest.
I can't believe people are doing this. We are talking about the people who announced in 2014 that the Strait of Hormuz map would be available in Winter 2014. That was after EDGE slipped again. Good thing that's done though right? Oh wait it's not. DCS F-18 is a 2018 launch. Hit the brakes on the hype train, return it to the station.
A map promised when I preordered dcs a10, a ww2 mode which pales in comparison to IL2 (except in cost) that has a total of 4 mismatched flyable aircraft? EDGE is still early access. We won't see f18 in 2017
&gt;she found her inability to use certain computer programs left her out of the running for another public service job. Yeah, not being able to do the job can be pretty disqualifying.
Someone should post that redfor aircraft scorecard.
20th Century.
We aren't talking about someone who needs a differently shaped keyboard or pointing device. &gt; said Shorter, who has a learning disability and difficulties using a computer and mouse. Sucks, but there is only so much they can do. We are also talking about software built by vendors who rake the inept public servants over the coals with barely functional bullshit for 12x the cost. It's barely usable by someone who is fully functional.
&gt;If she did the job for 14 years then I can assume she is capable of the doing the job now. Woah, don't go making brash assumptions. We are talking about government work. &gt;The poorly designed software is another issue. Unfortunately the bar is set too low. Yes, again, it is government work. There is no bar. &gt;, major software developers like Microsoft, Apple, Adobe etc. have made accessibility part of the software design process Show me the Windows Accessibility feature that fixes "learning disability" &gt;. With an aging population this will become a major factor just as making restaurants, theaters, libraries, instutions etc. accessible once was. Yes, the aging population will bankrupt us.
No, the costs are too high. We would do better to drive those unemployed construction workers out of the city. There are other parts of the country that need them, and we grew too fast for our own good.
Associate our city with Edmonton? I'd sooner burn the whole thing down.
They do a decent job delivering to my home, although they have strange hours. Things I have shipped to work can be pretty strange though. They've made several attempts to deliver things after 7pm on weekdays or on weekends to the office building downtown. UPS/Fedex/Purolator all understand business hours, but Intelcom doesn't. Their tracking is hilariously bad. Half my items are usually listed as being in Quebec.
Fortunately I didn't say "all". A burst of public funds to halt the bleeding will just prolong the bleeding and add to the debt.
The minimum wage hike here in Alberta means that a 10% tip is for excellent service.
You can't expect governments to be able to do something in a year, that's just unfair.
That is fucked up.
&gt; but we need to examine if these posters should be allowed No we don't. This country already has too many disgusting limits on free speech. We don't need more.
I can't wait to find out that this scumbag is "known to police" and has a long history of violent crime. Remember, the police will never be around when you need them. Be prepared to defend yourself.
The green bin is just another garbage bin right?
This is fucking fantastic. I had no idea that fentanyl overdoses would leave behind usable organs. A bad person dies, a good person gets another chance? It's nice to see some fucking good news for a change!
&gt;TIL organ recipients are automatically good people. lol, true enough. Im sure some shitbags get organ transplants. &gt;People are sick and dying on all sides of this problem and they're people. You mean junkies. A self-selecting violent underclass.
I don't usually see fat people smashing rocks into people to steal 75 cents so they can get closer to their next fix, but whatever. As for alcohol? Yeah, drunks on the street are often violent and dangerous, and we expend an enormous amount of resources to protect ourselves from them.
I judge people based on the choices they make and the way they treat innocent people around them. I am the world's greatest monster. Meanwhile, you support a system that robs innocent people of their own hard work and takes from needy people who have never harmed anyone and uses those resources to allow a self-selecting underclass to terrorize entire communities. Then you have the audacity to pat yourself on the back.
&gt;I mention obesity because it has reached epidemic proportions (not exaggerating). People who are obese are killing themselves, hurting families, and draining our system of resources. It's a serious disease, linked to cancer, diabetes, heart disease, arthritis, and psychological disorders. Gateway drug: refined sugar. Generally they die early so they aren't as much of a problem. &gt;Obesity is a bigger problem than opioids and we can talk about how it is or isn't self-inflicted (just like opioids). But rather than blame, we should try to help these people claw their way out of disease and suffering. We should do the same for addicts IMO. Get back to me when fat people steal my car to buy another McBurger. &gt;If they're violent, arrest them like anyone else. Yes, and if they have a history of violence, convict and execute them.
Canadians get ripped off by so many things. Utilities, cellular service, massive government waste, food prices, it's not surprising that they look for little deals on the extras where they can.
Eugen has decent ideas but shitty execution. Game sucks, of course people stopped playing it.
Get ready to fight again next year.
Beyond the Great Perimeter (Ring Road).
Ah, yeah I see what you are talking about. A couple of people implying that they aren't "real Canadians" because of their Asian last names. Pretty fucking lame. When will people learn that being human garbage transcends ethnicity and skin colour?
Automation is around the corner and an entire generation of Canadians is struggling to launch.
Trump is a childish buffoon. Antagonizing him by mentioning things he doesn't like is the fastest way to get him to shit on it, even if it hurts the US. He doesn't give a damn.
&gt;“Lefties are gonna lose their shit," he said."" hurrrr this'll make em mad. I'm glad this is the level of discourse we have now.
They needed to increase prices for the sale, so I'm sure they are fine with this.
The game is trash. Eugen learned nothing from Wargame and added more shit into this one.
Donald Trump's presidency is a pretty serious crisis though. It's not that surprising that an American website is preoccupied with it.
I don't see many decent conservative posts anymore. Conservatism in the US has been consumed by anti-intellectualism.
Trump's election is a disaster for the US, so you'll have to forgive an American website for having a "shitfit".
&gt;"Disaster" is extremely subjective. No, it isn't. Objective truth exists. I find it disturbing how many Trumpers join their enemies on the regressive left in denying that.
I'm glad that cop managed to reason herself out of doing any work.
Too many bins, too much street parking fucking up the street where the bins go.
Can we have a rally against VLogs?
Our species deserves everything we have coming. Anyone at City Hall who authorized this should be fired.
Well, it's true. Also don't kid yourself by thinking it was just the Americans with a "kill them all" attitude.
But we seem to want to. The Indian Act was designed to do just that, and it still has its defenders from all over the political spectrum. &gt;I think we should reverse the process of conquering them rather than continuing to conquer them. The only option left is integration. It's the only reasonable choice. &gt;Would you advocate for conquering a foreign people today? No, but things are pretty good right now. Wait 30 years for the world to deteriorate and ask again.
&gt;I'd like to see indigenous peoples become part of Canadian society, sure, but I don't think there's any reason why we can't do that on equal footing with them and have the kind of relationship we have between English and French Canada. Equal footing would be good. Today we live in a country which ascribes special rights and responsibilities to people based on a blood quantum. A racial status system. It is disgusting. &gt;If there's room for two cultures in Canada, why not more? I'm pretty sure there are a lot more than 2 cultures in Canada currently, but of course it would be wildly impracticable to have official language support for each one. &gt;It's not like they colonized the Americas and killed natives because they had to. They wanted the resources. When seafaring civilizations of the old world encountered peoples in North America that were thousands of years behind in technological evolution, the result was inevitable. &gt;IMO even if we had to it still wouldn't be justified. I'd be interested to see what your answer would be if you faced real hardship in your life.
If a vehicle cannot follow the rules of the road it shouldn't be on the road.
&gt; It is up to us to apply cradle 2 cradle (100% recycling of materials, aka no waste), to apply bottom of the pyramid (create wealth there where poverty exists, so they are more inclined to protect the environment) and most importantly, make technological advancements that reduces our impact on the world, so that the developing world can 'jump ahead' and skip the polluting alternatives we are still using right now. This all goes hand in hand with an improved political climate of course. You know that the technological solution to overpopulation in the 3rd world was created in the 20th Century. Now all we need to do is wait for hardship to create the will to use it. The 21st century will be drenched in so much blood it will make the 20th century look like paradise.
I like how you are arguing with yourself, but congrats for picking the only fight you can win.
less religious and less intelligent.
The American population has degenerated in quality to the point that a man like Donald Trump can be elected to the highest office.
You know, if you are correct it should be really easy to prove with some statistics, but your terrible method of arguing makes me assume that you have no case and that /u/StraightTalkExpress is right. So stop yelling confirmation bias and posting news links to when white guys committed crimes and bring out some stats. If you can't do that you should just stop because you are more convincing for the other side than the people arguing for the other side.
So you agree with me that people with severe mental illnesses that commit violent crimes are still responsible for their actions? I think De Grood should hang for his crimes, and Lall too if he hadn't beaten us to it, but most people disagree.
No it doesn't, and I am not arguing that. I'm suggesting that you are really bad at arguing your point. Either bring out some stats or stop, what you are doing now isn't helping.
*Aircraft are somehow even more important in this than in Red Dragon. *Massive availability of tools like off-map artillery and aircraft. *pin-point artillery still exists. *An Alternate history where the nazis are able to secure air superiority and have superior ground attack aircraft, but the Americans still said "fuck it, 75mm is enough punch for everything". *Arbitrary veterancy choices, vast improvement in capability without cost increase. *Destruction mode remains, splitting the community. *10v10 clown games still exist, splitting the community. *Lobby system guts the quickmatch system. Finding games is impossible. *LOS tool can't handle terrain elevation. *Bad sound issues on my 6700k/GTX 1080ti system. *P2P networking where one user with a weaker PC/network connection ruins the game for everyone. Not only did they not add a PC performance indicator in the lobby, but they removed the ping indicator in game! *The setting, how many WW2 games have we had vs how many Cold War games? This has been done. Eugen has some decent ideas, but they need to find some developers that can execute, because the current team can't.
That does sort of sound like the government could have just told them the ring road was being installed and they can go take a hike.
I hope Google tells them to fuck off. We aren't the world's police.
It's an exceedingly common bug. You guys *really* should have a QA team on hand. It might help prevent some of the rollbacks and foul-ups of the last few months.
Based on the death of the player base, I'm thinking you are in the minority.
The tepid response across Reddit, Paradox Plaza, and Eugensystem forums tells me all I need to know. Game == dead. Even minor unnamed patches got more discussion and debate in any Wargame title. Enjoy more 10v10 though. lol
&gt; I'm a Bernie Sanders/Donald hybrid &gt;Nenshi is an elitist egomaniac What the gibbering fuck is this? I hate nenshi but I'd vote for 100 years of nenshi for mayor over you.
Ah, nice to know that so many of my so-called peers have degenerated in quality so badly.
Is this supposed to be a joke? He's probably got his eyes set a little higher than Bow Valley, lol.
&gt;I think he's trying to establish himself as a centrist (possibly technocratic?) anti-establishment candidate. His choice of words so far don't inspire confidence, but I ABSOLUTELY do want to see him debate Larry Heather and Sean Chu for 2nd place. I'm hoping we can get our shit together enough to have a 2nd place finisher that isn't a lunatic. &gt;I also hope he can take away positive criticism from this whole debacle and can come back stronger for it. eh. If this is his current best I recommend aborting any attempt to become "stronger" because he'll never amount to anything in this field.
I think a lot of character in this game is robbed by the ridiculous engrish voice actors. I can't believe it got worse than Wargame in that regard.
lol, you need to try harder than that. &gt;Now you're gonna let you voting decision be made on that fact even though the current Mayor is driving this city into the ground. Our current mayor could hold news conferences in a diaper holding a rattle and he'd still be a more competent leader than you.
You mean especially Larry Heather right?
I found 1 game last night and none the night before, 8pm MDT, using the shitty lobby system. The 1 game was of course a stomp. 1 of the players had a severe performance problem that made a 40 minute game last an hour.
CoH2 didn't get good until a couple years ago, but yeah. I guess because I play Combat Mission games I haven't felt a lack of WW2 games. &gt;instead all the children want modern gayfare back again. I'd hardly call a game set in 1985 modern.
